A billboard of Donald Trump in the back yard of George Davey's home on Jan. 31, 2016, in Iowa. (Charles Ommanney/The Washington Post)
It is the job of a campaign manager to figure out how the campaign can win, full stop. That means the campaign manager is charged with coming up with the plan to identify and contact voters and get them to the polls (in concert with a number of other staffers, depending on the size of the campaign), and it means the campaign manager is in charge of convincing everyone else that the plan will work. In other words, it is also the campaign manager's job to have the candidate and the media and the campaign manager herself understand that the race is winnable and how that can be done.
In an interview with the Britain's Channel 4 reported by the Guardian, Donald Trump's still relatively new campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, offered her explanation for why polling that shows Trump trailing badly is wrong — and why she's convinced that the campaign will nonetheless win.
Her explanations did not convince the media, in that they did not convince me.
First, on the polls:
"Conway insisted that Trump's support was not reflected in polls because of the perceived social stigma of supporting the Republican nominee. ‘Donald Trump performs consistently better in online polling where a human being is not talking to another human being about what he or she may do in the elections … it's become socially desirable, especially if you're a college educated person in the US, to say that you're against Donald Trump,' said Conway."
This is the ol' Bradley effect, the idea that people misrepresent their true positions to pollsters because of social stigma or for some other reason. The idea Conway presents is that it's hip for college-educated Americans to say that they're anti-Trump, and that when a pollster calls and asks a voter who they support, those meek college-educated Trump backers demur or pick Hillary Clinton. Which is why Trump does better in online polls, she says, where there's no actual human calling.
Except that's not the case. At the Huffington Post, David Rothschild outlined the data. In the primary, yes, online polls showed Trump with more support than live-caller ones. But that support was actually too high, Rothschild points out. And in the general election, the same split doesn't exist.
Donald Trump's new campaign manager Kellyanne Conway made her media debut on Aug. 21. She told ABC's This Week, "I think Donald Trump is back in Hillary Clinton's head." (Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
I looked at this last week, when Conway first took over as campaign manager. I grabbed online and live-caller polls from the beginning of the conventions and looked at how the results compared. Trump's average support in both types of poll fell after the conventions — but online polls also had Trump doing worse than live-caller ones.
(The Washington Post)
Our resident polling expert Scott Clement looked at several recent online and live-caller polls, too, and found that the average margin between Clinton and Trump was only 1 percentage point different between the two types of polls (44 to 40 in live phone polls; 44 to 39 in online).
Regardless, Conway intimated that the campaign had a way to reach those timid voters or people who would back Trump but might not go to the polls.
"Conway insisted: ‘We give people a comfortable way to express that maybe they don't want to vote this year and why that is.' She described her method as ‘proprietary'. She said that as a result, she could reach these undercover voters ‘in many different ways'. She said: ‘We go to them where they live, literally.'"
Campaigns do lots of things that they don't tell the media about, for obvious reasons. Campaigns also often have ways of campaigning that are unique to the campaign team, though those unique aspects are mostly at the edges. The broad strokes of all campaigns are generally the same, and when you "go to [voters] where they live, literally," that means literally going to where they live and knocking on their doors, as part of a field effort.
But Trump's campaign isn't spending money on field campaigning. It should be staffing up to contact voters before early voting begins and to have volunteer bases in swing states before the final weekend. It's letting the Republican Party do that.
So what's this proprietary system? In July, Trump spent $8.4 million — nearly half of the total amount it spent — on its digital effort, which suggests that the campaign plans to do voter turnout and contact online, versus on the ground. That fits with Trump's strategy in general: lots of tweets, not many roundtables.
To a layperson, this seems to be a sensible idea. It's not as sensible as it seems, particularly given Conway's stated goal.
Campaigns should spend time and money doing one of two things: convincing voters who will definitely vote to go vote for their candidate and convincing people who will definitely support their candidate to go vote. That's it. A broad strategy of advertising online can be good for the first effort. You can target people on Facebook with a specificity that is hard to replicate using a TV spot. Trump is working with a vaunted digital-targeting firm that can make that process of targeting easier. (It partnered with Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) in the primary which ... wasn't a complete success.) Facebook allows campaigns to match supporters to voter lists, ensuring that particular individuals can be targeted. (The more specific the targeting, incidentally, the higher the cost.)
That targeted advertising is very different from getting people to vote. You can go to where a voter lives by way of their Facebook accounts and show them an ad you want them to see — but you can't get them to vote. You can put all the lawn signs you want on a particular voter's lawn, but how do you get them to actually cast a ballot? Because voting is a habit and less-frequent voters are less likely to vote (by definition), you may be showing an ad to someone who isn't going to bother voting. Someone at the door could convince them (as research proves)! A Trump ad on Reddit probably won't.
These are smart people at Trump Tower, and this could be Conway presenting an un-rebuttable case for the campaign's path to victory recognizing that the odds are stacked against them. Or it could be the path to victory they actually see, somehow. Most of Trump's senior team hasn't run a presidential campaign before, which may mean that the latter is more likely.
Campaigns, especially campaigns with money, are constantly fending off out-of-the-box paths to campaign victory. The best indicator of how rarely breaking all the rules of campaigning works is by asking winning candidates how they won. In nearly every case, they did it the old-fashioned way. And with that in mind, campaign managers that move on to the next campaign tend to adhere to another core tenet of campaigning: "If it ain't broke."
This post originally said Conway's interview had been with the BBC. A bit of American stupidity there on my part; the post has been updated.
Trailer showcases three tracks from new album, 'Right On!'
Jenny Lee Lindberg – bassist and vocalist with California rockers Warpaint – has announced her debut solo album under the moniker jennylee.
The album will be called ‘Right On!', and also features members of Broken Bells, Mark Lanegan‘s band and fellow Warpaint member Stella Mozgawa, though the album is written wholly by jennylee.
The full line-up is: Norm Block (Plexi, Mark Lanegan), Dan Elkan (Them Hills, Broken Bells), Stella Mozgawa (Warpaint), Tony Bevilacqua, Kris Byerly, Katie Burden, Kirk Hellie, Jonathan Hishcke and Cedric LeMoyne.
Here is the album artwork:
‘Right On!' will be released by Rough Trade on December 11, with jennylee is expected to announce UK tour dates shortly.
Warpaint released their second and most recent studio album in January 2014, and have released two new songs this year, though they also said back in May that they weren't interested in releasing an album at that time. ‘No Way Out‘ came out in February, and ‘I'll Start Believing‘ in March.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
An accompanying press release claims jennylee's solo debut will maintain strong elements of Warpaint's sound while incorporating new wave and goth elements.
Watch the album trailer, which features the tracks ‘Never', ‘Boom Boom' and ‘He is Fresh', below:
The full tracklisting for the album is as follows:
‘Blind'
‘Boom Boom'
‘Never'
‘Long Lonely Winter'
‘Bully'
‘Riot'
‘He is Fresh'
‘Offerings'
‘White Devil'
‘Real Life'
https://link.brightcove.com/services/player/?bctid=2895768033001
A box from Amazon.com is pictured on the porch of a house in Golden, Colorado July 23, 2008. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc, the world's largest Internet retailer, is in advanced talks to buy the mobile chip business of Texas Instruments, Israeli financial newspaper Calcalist reported on Monday.
If negotiations lead to an agreement, Amazon, which makes tablets and is expected to enter the smartphone industry, would become a direct rival to Apple and Samsung Electronics, which also designs their own chips. The value of any deal will probably be billions of dollars, Calcalist said.
Texas Instruments said last month it will shift its wireless investment focus from products like smartphones to a broader market, including industrial clients such as carmakers, where it is hoping for a more profitable and stable business.
Officials at both firms were not immediately available for comment outside U.S. business hours.
Gartner analyst Carolina Milanesi told Reuters she doubted whether Amazon wants to “become that intimately involved with hardware”.
TI's chips are used in Amazon.com's Kindle Fire tablet. TI told investors it would continue to support its customers but its mobile application chip business, which supports features like video, will not invest in supporting its customers future roadmap for tablets and smartphones to the same degree as before.
Calcalist quoted TI spokeswoman Whitney Jodry as saying that the company refrains from commenting on rumors.
Watch also in iWant or TFC.tv
Nilinaw ni Pangulong Duterte na hindi niya tinalikuran ang pag-angkin sa West Philippine Sea na inaangkin din ng Tsina. Pero hindi umano siya handa sa posibilidad ng giyera, lalo't may missiles na ang Tsina na nakatutok sa direksiyon ng Pilipinas.
Aniya, habang kaharap niya si Chinese President Xi Jinping at iba pang opisyal ng Tsina, nanindigan siya para sa teritoryo ng Pilipinas.
"We are the owners of South China [Sea], I will dig my oil there, whether you want it or not, wala na 'yong padaloy-daloy na award, gano'n, sabi ko, that's ours, I will rig, put a rig there to struck oil," ani Duterte sa press conference matapos ang kaniyang ikalawang State of the Nation Address nitong Lunes, Hulyo 24.
Pero mistulang nagbabala umano ng giyera ang Tsina kung ipipilit ang pag-angkin ng Pilipinas sa West Philippine Sea.
"Si Xin Jinping, naggano'n, tapos in the end, sabi ko 'it will be war'. The long and short of what he was then saying was pina-parlay niya 'yong words, he ended with saying na giyera ito."
Sinabi rin ni Duterte na hindi siya makikipagsagupa sa Tsina, lalo pa at May nakatutok na umanong missiles ang Tsina sa Pilipinas.
"We are not, I'm not prepared to go to war. I have to be frank, the truth is I will not... They have the state-of-the-art [weapons] and everything, and they have the missiles, now, nakatutok na sa atin. It will reach Metro Manila in seven minutes."
This seems significant…
Towards the end of one of our conversations, Smith made his pitch. He said that his team had been contacted by someone on the “dark web”; that this person had the emails from Hillary Clinton's private email server (which she had subsequently deleted), andthat Smith wanted to establish if the emails were genuine. If so, he wanted to ensure that they became public prior to the election. What he wanted from me was to determine if the emails were genuine or not. It is no overstatement to say that my conversations with Smith shocked me. Given the amount of media attention given at the time to the likely involvement of the Russian government in the DNC hack, it seemed mind-boggling for the Trump campaign—or for this offshoot of it—to be actively seeking those emails. To me this felt really wrong.
See Josh Marshall for more. There doesn't seem to be clear evidence of successful collusion, but there is clearly evidence of an interest in colluding with Russia on the part of folks in and around the Trump campaign, which seems worthy of investigation.
One more thing… if you're the sort of person who likes to write 1800 word screeds or 60 tweet storms about how the Democratic Party is unwilling to really face its problems, and how this Russia stuff is all a smokescreen intended to protect the DNC, and intelligence agencies all lie all the time about everything, and bad people want nuclear war with Russia, then please save us the trouble of making your last nine words or last 140 characters “Nevertheless, I strongly support a real investigation into Russia's electoral interference.” An investigation of potential Trump campaign collusion with the intelligence agencies of a right-wing, semi-autocratic country (agencies which may have repeatedly probed US voting systems looking for vulnerabilities) will not be made to happen under a Republican Congress by polite, measured requests. Media organizations will get things wrong, political leaders will exaggerate, and of course grifters will grift. Concentrating on these things, rather than on the increasingly troubling underlying story, serves to exculpate Republicans who want to sweep this under the rug. Better simply to end with “I prefer not to know about Russian influence over the election.”
To some, WP-CLI might seem like a nice but optional convenience for a WordPress developer who's comfortable with the command line. For developers who've dealt with time-out issues in PHP processes, or who administer lots of websites, WP-CLI is more than that: it's a time-saver and power-tool.
Today we're going to look hard at a single WP-CLI command to find out how it works. In doing so we'll learn a lot more about how WP-CLI commands work, and what we'd need to do to make our own.
This article assumes a fair amount of comfort and knowledge with the command line generally and WP-CLI in particular. We're not really going to learn about how to pilot it, but how it works internally. Whatever your familiarity with WP-CLI, stay tuned through the next section—we've got lots of other free content that can help you.
Helpful Reading Before Learning About Writing WP-CLI Commands
Learning the basics of WP-CLI itself is the place to start. This article will work from that basis.
If you'd like a refresher on what a “CLI” is, maybe start with this:
If you've got that part under control, but need an introduction to WP-CLI, start here:
We also have a smattering of other articles, Quick Guides, and more that have videos which can help you see some of this stuff in action. Here are a few:
What is a WP-CLI Command?
Unlike much of WordPress core and the code WordPress developers write, WP-CLI makes a lot of things happen with PHP objects. (If you'd like an introduction to object-oriented programming in PHP, read these two articles: Core Concepts of OOP and Diving Deeper into Object Orientation.)
A WP-CLI command is a single action or set of actions that are registered with WP-CLI via a hook. That's the same as most of WordPress. However, the difference is that in addition to registering a single command with a single call to that hook, with WP-CLI you can hook an entire PHP object onto your call. In that case, all of the public methods on your object become executable CLI commands (or subcommands, if you prefer).
This is a really cool and powerful choice, but it isn't something that every WordPress developer will likely expect to happen by default. The first time I heard this, I actually subtly doubted that I was understanding correctly. WordPress doesn't contain much such wizardry.
The Command We'll Study and Why: wp db import
The way that WP-CLI (the core project) is actually organized today is in a series of distinct repositories for many of the commands it can act on out of the box. So the plugin components are each completely distinct from the core, and on release the process uses Composer to pull in all the commands that should be in the core set before the final packaging. This is another very cool example of modularity and forward thinking, but it may trip some people up.
Some of the commands, plugin and theme for example, are in the wp-cli/wp-cli repo, but most others are outside of it. And I think the ones outside are useful for someone thinking of writing their own commands. After all, if you were able to add your commands to WP-CLI core, you'd already know how to make an extension.
In any case, the command we're going to look at more closely and understand a little better is the database importer. As we mentioned in the article where we discussed WP-CLI, one of WP-CLI's really cool powers is to import and export databases without needing to resort to phpMyAdmin or similar tools. This command is just the import side of that process. But first, a little more about the overall project in which it lives.
How Commands for WP-CLI Are Registered and Run
A quick note: a few different times in this article, I'm going to refer to line numbers in the db-command software package that makes the wp db functions available in WP-CLI. When you read this, it's quite possible these line numbers will have shifted. But I'm going to link to each line number I refer to on Github, and those links are anchored to the commit that was current as I wrote it. So all references should be followable that way, though the code may change in the future.
That said, the way that a command (object) is registered with WP-CLI should be pretty comfortable for any long-time WordPress developer, because it has so much in common with the way that most other WordPress code is registered with the core application runtime.
After a small bit of boilerplate in db-command.php , the core line (12) that makes this set of commands, including our specific command wp db import , runnable in WP-CLI is:
WP_CLI::add_command( 'db', 'DB_Command' );
What does that do? It calls the static method add_command on the core WP_CLI class. The static method is a new wrinkle, but otherwise this pretty similar to the syntax of familiar functions like add_action() or register_widget() . The latter is a slightly better match as with both add_command and register_widget , you're passing a class name rather than a function closure or function name.
However, for WP-CLI, you specify first the way your command (or set of commands) will be invoked from the command line. In our example here, that's the db argument. As we mentioned, all the public methods of the DB_Command class will be accessible there. It is possible to register something like db coolmethod specifically, but in this case we're seeing the full magic of how about a dozen commands are registered with WP-CLI in a single line.
How WP-CLI Commands Are Documented
One of the cool and kind-of-magic things about WP-CLI is that all the commands are documented on the command line. What's more, this is actually a result of PHP comments that exist more-or-less inline with the command itself. This has lots of benefits.
So before we look at the code of the wp db import command, let's look at its documentation block. The thing to realize is that what you're looking (at lines 340-361) is what you get when you're in the wp db import command's help interface.
/** * Import a database from a file or from STDIN. * * Runs SQL queries using `DB_HOST`, `DB_NAME`, `DB_USER` and * `DB_PASSWORD` database credentials specified in wp-config.php. This * does not create database by itself and only performs whatever tasks are * defined in the SQL. * * ## OPTIONS * * [<file>] * : The name of the SQL file to import. If '-', then reads from STDIN. If omitted, it will look for '{dbname}.sql'. * * [--skip-optimization] * : When using an SQL file, do not include speed optimization such as disabling auto-commit and key checks. * * ## EXAMPLES * * # Import MySQL from a file. * $ wp db import wordpress_dbase.sql * Success: Imported from 'wordpress_dbase.sql'. */
So the first paragraph, “Import a database…” is the short summary. It's what you see when you hit wp db --help . It's also the first line to wp db import --help . The rest of it is also visible when you do that latter command. The second paragraph is the more exhaustive description. The ## OPTIONS section tells you all the possible arguments, and the ## EXAMPLES section also just falls through to you viewing the command's documentation on the command line.
This documentation is not completely required for a WP-CLI command to run properly, but it's really a good habit to get in to. And if you write it first, it makes you think a little harder about how your user is going to make use of your work. That's almost always a good thing.
How wp db import Works
The actual algorithm and set of functions that this specific command uses is beside the point if you're reading this article to learn how WP-CLI commands are structured. But there are a few interesting things we can pick up from it.
Here it is, slightly abridged:
public function import( $args, $assoc_args ) { if ( ! empty( $args[0] ) ) { $result_file = $args[0]; } else { $result_file = sprintf( '%s.sql', DB_NAME ); } $mysql_args = array( 'database' => DB_NAME, ); if ( '-' !== $result_file ) { if ( ! is_readable( $result_file ) ) { WP_CLI::error( sprintf( 'Import file missing or not readable: %s', $result_file ) ); } $query = 'SOURCE %s;'; $mysql_args['execute'] = sprintf( $query, $result_file ); } self::run( '/usr/bin/env mysql --no-defaults --no-auto-rehash', $mysql_args ); WP_CLI::success( sprintf( "Imported from '%s'.", $result_file ) ); }
First, as I mentioned above, the fact that this method is declared as public function import(...) on 362 is crucial. That public is the interesting and important part. If you register a class of CLI commands, as this extension does, all public methods are treated as runnable CLI commands. So if you want to have other non-runnable methods for your class (for subroutines, etc) you need to make sure you make them private or protected .
After that, the command makes a guess about what file it should import from if that file's not supplied (365). Here, the use of the first method argument, $args , is of some note. In that is the ordered list of passed options from the ## OPTIONS section of the documentation. The second method argument is the same, but with names put as keys rather than as mere positions.
Line 375 is notable for its use of the WP_CLI::error() method. This is a nice little wrapper (one of a few) to let you give a user notification that something happened. But in this case, it's also an indication that something went wrong (or, for the success method, right) for the command they ran. What's extra nice about This is that they also make the script emit the correct exit code for other CLI commands to understand. echo does work when writing WP-CLI commands, but these methods should be preferred.
Finally, line 385 merits some explanation:
self::run( '/usr/bin/env mysql --no-defaults --no-auto-rehash', $mysql_args );
self::run is a convenient way that this class has available to call out to the underlying shell and run a different CLI command from inside WP-CLI. Again, a PHP function like shell_exec can work, but there are advantages to the way it's done here. Inside self::run you'll see that it's running a basic BASH-style command called mysql for actually making database requests. This is where you see the value in understanding the whole CLI environment, and not just the WordPress parts of WP-CLI. (Because I didn't know: the use of the /urs/bin/env before the mysql of the command invocation is for standardizing behavior that might otherwise clash with people's BASH aliases and the like. More explanation is here.)
What We've Learned about WP-CLI commands
I hope that you now have a sense of how a WP-CLI commands works internally, and that by understanding a little better how wp db import works—where its documentation lives, how WP-CLI knows about it, how the actual command runs—you've got more confidence that you can make your way through reading existing WP-CLI commands, and eventually even creating your own. Good luck!
Image credit: Vance AFB
The Narendra Modi government prides itself on a disciplined approach to government functioning and policy making, shorn of loose talk, selective leaks and bureaucratic inertia. His ministers stalk government corridors, catching errant babus who are late for work or who have not kept their offices clean. But Mr Modi's missive on talking less and doing more appears to have fallen on deaf ears, atleast in some cases. If one minister appeared to talk in cavalier manner about the return of Kashmiri pandits to the Valley, another has got tied up in knots trying to explain his statements on Indian culture, AIDS and sex education. Yet another minister is just recovering from a barrage of non-stop attacks from a leading television channel about a notice from a Rajasthan court in an alleged case of rape. The last case has nothing to do with loose talk and Mr Nihalchand is innocent until proven guilty but the first two cases are clearly those of men who clearly wish they had communicated their thoughts better.
Take Dr Harsh Vardhan for instance. The genial health minister has got himself into two controversies in the past one week alone. In an interview to New York Times, the minister said that condoms alone are not enough in the battle against AIDS and that people should be taught the importance of Indian cultural values which preach fidelity and faithfulness to one partner; A few days later a report surfaced in a leading newspaper about the minister's vision document for improving the quality of education in Delhi's schools. Nothing wrong with that, except that it contained a line expressing the minister's disgust with sex education and his preference for making yoga compulsory in schools.
This was enough for the country's pseudo-secular/left brigade to jump up and shout about the Modi-led government trying to impose a rightist/religious agenda on an unsuspecting, unwary nation. Social media exploded in a flurry of tweets and messages about a sinister medieval agenda and the only thing missing was probably a candlelight march mourning the death of multiculturalism in Indian society as we know it.
In my view, three mistakes were committed by people involved in the debate. Dr Harsh Vardhan made the first mistake and the second and third were made by the pseudo-liberal/left and the independent observors who probably should have known better than to get taken in by the hype and propaganda.
Let us examine this. The health minister and the former Delhi chief ministerial candidate should have known better than to talk about Indian culture and AIDS in the same breath and that too to an ultra-liberal, international publication like the New York Times. He should have known that his words will be misinterpreted, turned, twisted in a way that he himself would not have recognised. A Congress or a communist politician making this link would have probably been laughed at or probably ignored but a BJP politician is a different matter. Dont get me wrong. I am not advocating that the minister be silent on this issue or that he should not speak his mind on an important topic. I am merely saying that he should have chosen a proper forum to voice his views on this sensitive issue like a public speech or a TV interview where there is a record his full statement and the context in which he made this point. Today, we don't have both. ‘What transpired in that interview is between him and the NYT reporter. The American paper has not published a transcript of the conversation for an independant person to judge.
Dr Harsh Vardhan's second mistake was to insert the words banning sex education in the vision document. Again, I am not saying that his views are wrong. Only that an issue like sex education in schools is too sensitive to be dismissed in one line. It lends itself to all kinds of interpretations and serve as a needless red rag to bulls of the pseudo-secular/left. The minister then made matters worse by trying to walk back his statement. He probably realised that his single-line dismissal of the issue was inadequate and tried to clarify but by then the damage had been done.
What do these controversies show? One thing is crystal clear. The pseudo-secular/left will stop at nothing when it comes to maligning the government. They know they don't have the numbers or the wherewithal to bring down the government. They know that the Congress party is too weak to win elections and that it is still facing anti-incumbency in prominent states like Maharashtra and Haryana. AAP is too small and insignificant. The only available route is to tarnish the government's image and distract its attention by painting it as an ogre out to spoil the peace and harmony of Indian society. The first shots in that battle have already been fired.
Independant minded people who are probably expecting government to lift the pall of gloom over the economy would have probably been surprised by the turn of events, especially the controversy regarding sex and AIDS. They should be. Sex education in schools is the least important issue facing the country now. Even when it is promoted as a weapon against ill-treatment and sexual violence against women, it fails the test. In the age of internet and easily available foreign travel, a mass media geared to appealing to base instincts of human nature, what good can platitudes in a sex education class achieve? If liberals think this is a panacea to solve all ills regarding violence against women, it is best to let them stew in their own ignorance.
But Trump's campaign chairman Paul Manafort says any talk of turmoil within the campaign is rumors instigated by the Clinton campaign. (Evan Vucci/AP)
Amid a pileup of self-made political disruptions, mounting Republican defections and internal staff exasperation, Donald Trump is proving himself to be a candidate running a presidential race all by his lonesome.
With little regard for the GOP's future, he continues to antagonize its most prominent elected officials. With an uncontrollable proclivity for tumbling into a tangent on any given target – no matter the time, relevance or risk – he regularly relinquishes control of a media message. Having no capacity to absorb even the slightest political attack, he is constantly lured into petty fights that place him on the wrong side of public opinion. And with little reverence for seasoned political advice, he alienates even those who want to see him recover and succeed.
Trump is a party of one – a candidate embarking on his quixotic and increasingly improbable quest for the presidency without a compass or a map, without a front-line defense shield or significant reinforcements, and always and forever without any regrets.
Even the Lone Ranger rode a horse named Silver; Trump seems quite content to traipse ahead on his own two feet.
This week alone, Trump has escalated a feud with the Muslim parents of a U.S. soldier who died serving in Iraq, declined to endorse House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Sen. John McCain of Arizona in their respective primary bids, and even half-jokingly rebuked a mother and her crying baby at a rally. His actions, according to a Republican operative familiar with the campaign, have left some Trump aides privately "apoplectic" that a seemingly winnable contest against Hillary Clinton appears to be slipping irrevocably out of reach.
"The campaign's imploding; it's disintegrating," one Trump campaign staffer says. "Every time we do something positive, we cough up the ball."
But the candidate is similarly frustrated with senior levels of his operation, which some believe is causing him to rely heavily on his own gut instincts, raising the prospects of a high-wire controversy.
Trump was alarmed by a call he received last week from a senior adviser who is not campaign chairman Paul Manafort or Manafort assistant Rick Gates, according to an account provided to U.S. News. The caller lamented the campaign's lack of state-by-state organization and warned the nominee, "You're not going to win."
The candidate, not surprisingly, hit the roof. But the person who followed up with the adviser on the disturbing message wasn't Manafort or Gates, according to the source. It was Jared Kushner, the influential son-in-law who is married to Ivanka Trump and who is held in high regard by her father.
"Are the kids running the campaign? Anecdotally, from everything I've heard and seen, yes – at least in tandem with Paul and Rick," the staffer says.
When Trump landed in Ashburn, Virginia, on Tuesday – a state in which he has yet to open a campaign office – he huddled backstage with Will Estrada, chairman of the Loudoun County Republican Committee, for advice on how to carry the crucial area.
"George, these people here in Virginia know what we need to do to win Virginia," Trump told his advance aide, George Gigicos, according to Estrada's recollection posted on his personal Facebook page.
But Trump also unleashed another line that reverberated with those in the setting, U.S. News has learned: "Don't listen to New York."
The message conveyed was that going forward, Trump wanted local leadership to make the decisions on where to hold events and how to stage them – not the suits at high command in Trump Tower.
The Republican operative familiar with the Trump operation tells U.S. News that Trump has increasingly been back in regular contact with his former campaign manager turned CNN commentator, Corey Lewandowski.
Lewandowski was ousted in June at the behest of Trump's children, who viewed him as lacking the sophisticated judgment needed to assist their wayward father. A major difference between the reigns of Lewandowski and Manafort is that Lewandowski traveled constantly with Trump, earning his trust and bending his ear. Manafort rarely hits the road and has followed a more typical template by holing up in an office with a phone to his ear and his fingers on a keyboard.
The Manafort model has its advantages, but it also has created a distance from Trump that has stalled decisions and left the candidate without a reliable rudder when things go awry.
"He's not satisfied with what he's getting," the Trump staffer says. "So he's basically gone rogue."
Manafort has publicly denied any sort of internal unrest, chalking it up to a Clinton campaign narrative. And a Manafort ally says it's preposterous to lay the blame of the catastrophe of the last week at his friend's feet.
"Manafort's working his ass off. It's not an easy job. Trump's a handful," says the ally, an informal adviser to the campaign.
It is Trump, after all, who obsessively monitors his media coverage and then lashes out at his critics without reservation or calculation. It is Trump who directs which reporters are thrown out of the press pen or banned from venues entirely. It is Trump who picks fights with his own party out of ego and vengeance, rather than keeping himself trained on Clinton. And it is Trump who declines to give the obligatory tip of the hat to a fallen soldier before taking on his parents' political critiques.
"Empathy is not one of his best qualities," laments the informal adviser, who characterized Trump's public spat with Khizr and Ghazala Khan as "not his finest hour, to say the least."
But the idea that there will be an intervention or some come-to-Jesus call – rumors of which circulated on Wednesday – is also scoffed at widely inside the Trump contingent.
"It doesn't work that way. You can give him advice and he can either take it or not take it. That's the way it works," the informal adviser says.
"Trump is Trump," observes John Noonan, a former national security aide to Mitt Romney and Jeb Bush who has sworn off voting for the GOP nominee this year. "You can pull somebody out of the insane asylum and staff him with the best people in the business, and he's still going to be in the parking lot screaming about the book of Revelations and there's nothing you can do about it. Hillary's the placekicker on the field. She's shanking every kick. And Trump's the guy pleasuring himself in the stands."
The fallout has been a steady line of Republicans not only saying that they can't vote for Trump, but that the risk of his ascendance is too great and too perilous – so they'll actually cast a ballot for Clinton instead.
Maria Comella, who served as New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie's deputy chief of staff for communications, told CNN, "I don't believe it's enough to say you aren't for Donald Trump. There are times when principle trumps party and we have to be OK with acknowledging that."
In explaining her defection to Clinton, Meg Whitman, the head of Hewlett Packard Enterprise and former California gubernatorial candidate, lamented to the The New York Times that Trump could take the country on a "very dangerous journey."
"I don't agree with her on very many issues," she said, "but she would be a much better president than Donald Trump."
Vin Weber, the longtime GOP strategist and lobbyist, told CNBC "the world political order" would be "in shambles" if Trump were victorious. His party, he asserted, also might not survive. Weber hasn't yet decided whether to cast a ballot for Clinton.
Noticeably, though, the dam hasn't yet broken wide among elected officials. Aides to Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Wednesday there was no change in their bosses' support for Trump, however complicated he's made their own colleagues' paths to victory this November.
But these aides also were cautious to make no promises about the future, and other Republicans mused that Trump was on the brink of a fevered mass exodus.
"This is how movements start. There's a couple of people who blow a breach through the door and the other people look and say, 'It's safe to go on through,'" Noonan says.
During the first of two stops in Florida on Wednesday, Trump did his best to restrain his ire regarding the doom-and-gloom headlines hanging over him, though he still complained the biggest obstacle facing him is "the dishonest press."
For the bulk of his remarks, he stuck thoroughly to a series of blistering attacks on Clinton, but first pointedly addressed the state of his own campaign – in glowing terms, of course.
"The campaign is doing very well. It's never been so well united," he said. "I would say right now it's the best in terms of being united since we began. We're doing incredibly well."
Who We Are
Welcome to sweetFrog® — where our goal is to create the best frozen yogurt experience you've ever had! You create your own combination of delicious, soft-serve premium frozen yogurt, then finish it off with any toppings you choose. Our toppings bar is stocked fresh every day with the best ingredients for a light snack, a decadent dessert, and everything in between. You pick the flavors, you add the toppings, you make it your way!
Throw in a warm, family-friendly environment and our lovable mascots, Scoop and Cookie, and you'll see why customers across the nation are embracing sweetFrog! We've grown a lot since we began in 2009, but we'll never get too big to lose our commitment to local communities. The F.R.O.G. in sweetFrog stands for Fully Rely On God, and we show that by being a good neighbor everywhere we move into. Through local partnerships, fundraisers, and much more, our stores become part of the fabric that wraps their communities.
Boris Johnson's return to parliament is not going according to plan. With the Conservative party leadership apparently out of reach for the next few years, our most celebrated political princeling has been reduced to the hugger-mugger life of a backbencher, sharing lobby fodder status and green leather benches with MPs he had thought himself destined to rule from afar.
Public has right to know Boris Johnson fathered child during affair, court rules Read more
No wonder Johnson looks uncomfortable. There is nothing he dreads more than people getting up close and personal. And indeed now that they have done so many of his onetime potential supporters do not like what they see. In fact, this week came suggestions in the Sun (in the past a newspaper supportive of Johnson) that a majority of the other “new” Tory backbenchers have decided, on closer inspection, that their putative electoral hero is not as impressive or solid as they had been led to believe.
They don't like the way he turns up to political cabinet in his bicycle helmet and apparently without having read his briefs, or how he makes long-winded attempts at humour on the floor of the house, or the fact that on a one-to-one basis he is often aloof and unempathic. Johnson is not really, they now apparently believe, “serious” at all. He just wants to be the star.
It is a familiar assessment to many who have worked closely with him. Johnson's performance in City Hall should have provided clues that he may not be cut out to be a top-flight politician. Of course, the fact that he has been elected mayor twice in a city that has traditionally favoured Labour is a significant achievement – and testament to his extraordinary vote-catching powers. His huge popularity has until now overshadowed negative reports about his regime in London.
But his election to Westminster has swivelled the spotlight on to exactly what he has achieved beyond the ballot box. Suddenly, his track record matters. And it is not good for him that non-political officials at City Hall complain about delayed decisions, obsession with vanity projects and a lack of direction. The fact that Johnson also has a weekly newspaper column, writes and heavily promotes his own books, as well as now being MP for Uxbridge, has hardly helped keep the place humming with vision and energy.
Sources at City Hall say that it is down to Johnson's chief of staff, Sir Eddie Lister, that anything gets done at all in a city beset with problems, from pollution to housing. London may have prospered overall on Johnson's watch but his growing number of critics fear that not enough has been done to safeguard its future.
Good political leaders also need to be convincing under pressure. Johnson's belated and seemingly smirking reaction to the riots of 2011 was anything but. “Boris failed as mayor during the riots,” a source close to David Cameron told me back then. “He failed to be a leader.”
The purchase of three cut-price German water cannon could have diverted attention from these failings. Instead the deal ended in humiliation when the home secretary, Theresa May, refused to authorise their use last week. Boris has not dealt well with the fallout. Normally the master of media attention, he tried to duck difficult questions in one TV interview on why he had wasted taxpayers' money by pleading that he had to dash off to another. But then, Johnson has never coped with scrutiny. Press him on his fitness to govern, his spurious statistics, his cavalier treatment of taxpayers' money or his failure to protect London's cyclists, and he is more than likely to respond with an evasion or an insult than a convincing argument.
Members of the London Assembly have been regularly called stupid or “care in the community” by him simply for trying to hold him to account. There is little in his conduct at mayor's question time sessions to suggest he is properly equipped for PMQs.
They don't like the way he turns up for political cabinet in his bicycle helmet apparently without having read his brief
Johnson has long had plenty of critics. Those who examine his track record objectively tend to come away distinctly unimpressed, although – bar the court of appeal, which two years ago said that his “recklessness” in committing “extramarital adulterous liaisons” specifically raised questions about his fitness for public office – they have largely remained silent.
The election result, which destroyed his immediate hopes of the Tory leadership, has simply given his critics a chance to speak up. Johnson's lack of loyalty to others during the years of sunshine has left him with few friends now that it has begun to rain.
A Japan-based combat-ready Air Force wing showed off its aircraft Wednesday in a clear warning to North Korea.
Fox News reported the 18th Wing conducted a surprise military exercise at Kadena Air Base in Japan as North Korea is rumored to be nearing a sixth nuclear weapons test.
A group of HH-60 Pave Hawks, F-15 Eagles, E-3 Sentries and KC-135 Stratotankers all took part in the exercise, the report said. Photos from the no-notice event showed jets lined up down the entirety of a runway on the base.
Such exercises are known as an "elephant walk," featuring planes taxiing in tight formation before takeoff.
China has warned North Korea's adversaries not to make any rash actions because "military force cannot resolve the issue," according to Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi.
North Korea has conducted two nuclear tests and about two dozen missile tests in the last year.
The show of force is in addition to the recent deployment of the Carl Vinson Carrier Strike Group to the region. The group of ships, comprising an aircraft carrier, two destroyers and a cruiser, had been scheduled to visit Australia before it was rerouted this weekend.
President Trump this week urged Chinese President Xi Jinping to solve the problem of an agressive North Korea, or else, he said, "we will solve the problem without them!"
For Starbucks fans, the unofficial start of the holiday season has arrived.
On Thursday, Starbucks stores around the world began serving coffees and lattes in the 2017 edition of their holiday red cups. This year, coffee and tea drinkers will take sips from a range of 13 distinct cups, each designed by a Starbucks customer from around the world.
Anticipation for this year's holiday red cup is particularly high, following a spate of controversies involving their political green cup released earlier this month, and last year's holiday edition which angered some consumers.
Advertisement
Get our exclusive newsletter—the best of Heat Street every day
When Starbucks released its minimalist red, white and green cup last year, devoid of Christmas images — notably Christmas trees and decorations — some Christian consumers called the cup a “war on Christmas” and a larger war on Christianity in America.
The same was said of the The same was said of the chain's green cups which were introduced earlier this month before the US election. The limited-edition cups represented coffee farmers, baristas, family and friends and were drawn in one continuous stroke to represent unity during a divisive time.
But the good intentions backfired with some consumers blasting the company for wading into politics. Others, mistakenly believing the green cups had replaced the traditional holiday cups, resurrected the accusation that Starbucks was waging “war on Christmas.”
Meanwhile, this year's cups were a year in the making. Last year, Starbucks invited consumers to share and submit cup designs on Instagram. More than 1,200 designs were shared from 13 countries including the US, Indonesia, Canada and Dubai.
Unlike last year, the cups are distinctly seasonal, with graphic designs of snowflakes, Christmas ornaments, reindeer and sleighs.
A total of 13 designs were chosen from six countries and will be served in more than 25,000 stores in 75 countries.
Canadian coffee and donut giant Tim Hortons also released its holiday cups this week, which turn coffee and hot chocolate drinkers into snowmen, reindeer, and toy soldiers thanks to cheeky designs that feature the bottom half of wintry characters.
Place in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany
Herzogenrath (Ripuarian: Herzeroa; Limburgish: Hertseraoj; Dutch: Herzogenrath or 's-Hertogenrade)[2] is a municipality in the district of Aachen in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It borders the Dutch town of Kerkrade, the national border in one section running along the middle of a main road[3] and even directly through the centre of the cross-border Eurode office complex.[4]
History [ edit ]
Herzogenrath began in the 11th century as a settlement called Rode near the river Wurm. In 1104, Augustinian monks founded an abbey, called Kloosterrade, to the west of this settlement.
It became 's-Hertogenrode or 's-Hertogenrade (Dutch: the Duke's Rode) after the Duchy of Brabant took control of the region; in French it was called Rolduc (Rode-le-Duc).
As is the case for many parts of Duchy of Brabant, Herzogenrath changed hands several times in the last few centuries. Together with the rest of the Southern Netherlands, it was under Spanish control from 1661, Austrian between 1713 and 1795 and French between 1795 and 1813. In 1815, when the Kingdom of the Netherlands was formed under the terms of the Vienna Congress, the border was drawn through the town, the eastern part being Prussian Herzogenrath and the western part Dutch Kerkrade.[5] The former abbey is now the Rolduc Congress Center in Kerkrade.
During World War I, the Germans erected a fortification along the border street for the first time; although it was dismantled at the end of the war, it was reconstructed again at the beginning of World War II.[5] Following the end of that war, the border fortifications were reduced at various times, although they were not fully dismantled until the early 1990s preparations for the Schengen Area.[5]
The two towns now share some of their public services,[6] and promote themselves as a binational "City of Eurode" for economic development purposes.[5]
Gallery [ edit ]
Herzogenrath, Schloss: Burg Rode
Herzogenrath, church: Pfarrkirche Sankt Maria Himmelfahrt
Herzogenrath, catholic church: Pfarrkirche Sankt Gertrudis
Herzogenrath, church tower (der Sankt Gertrudis Kirche)
Herzogenrath, shopping mall
Herzogenrath, view to a street: der Ferdinand Schmetz Platz
Economy [ edit ]
Until the 1950s, Herzogenrath's economy was dominated by coal mines and a nearby coking plant. While some remains of the mining industry still form parts of the landscape in the form of overgrown slag heaps, today's Herzogenrath has moved into other industries. Large-scale employers include Saint-Gobain, Aixtron, Vetrotex (textile glass) and Ericsson Eurolab (electronics). The city hosts a number of electronics start-ups, profiting from the neighbouring Technical University RWTH Aachen.
“The second goal, that was a birthday present,” Besse said. “It was Christmas. They just gave it to me in front of the net. It was, ‘Oh, thanks.' ”
Then came the back-to-back breakaway goals, one late in the second and one early in the third. Both shots sent the water bottle flying off the top of the goal.
“First one I saw he was kind of back in his net, actually that was the second one, first one he was a little out front so I thought I could make a little move on him go to the backhand and put it up top,” Besse said. “That seemed to work. The second he was a little far back in his net and I saw upper glove hand. Fired it home.”
The finale came with 2:57 remaining on a shot from the top of the right face off circle. It was a laser beam that caught the upper left corner.
Besse had another breakaway opportunity earlier in the third period but his shot ticketed for the upper left corner was stopped by Dugas.
Even the great Pavarotti hits a sour note from time to time.
“I can't recall, I don't think so. No,” Hill-Murray coach Bill Lechner said when asked if he had ever seen one player dominate a game so thoroughly. “He had an exceptional night. He made the puck bounce his way, and he took advantage of his opportunities.”
Pauly has watched Besse put up pinball scoring numbers for years. But even he couldn't fathom what he witnessed.
“My goodness,” Pauly said. “This has to go down in history as one of the greatest performances in state tournament history ever. I've watched this tournament for a very long time.
“Five. All five goals. And three shorthanded. That's what makes it even more incredible, he's out there and they have one extra guy, and also it's an opportunity for them to get back in the game.
“So those are big. They are big emotional swings. It's not five goals in a 10-1 rout, you know.”
Minutes after the game, Besse autographed his stick and gave it to a young fan. Besse, might not be up on his tourney history, but he knows enough to keep the stick that scored the five goals. He gave away his backup stick.
“It was broken on the bottom, so I signed it for a kid,” Besse said. “He was thrilled.”
-- Loren Nelson, MN Hockey Hub editor
Armed, presumably, with the kind of information discussed only in the Goodison Park boardroom, Roberto Martinez assured Everton fans on Monday that the emergence of Farhad Moshiri as a major shareholder heralded a new era for the club.
There was probably an element of self-preservation in his words. After all, the arrival of a new major investor - albeit one with only a 49.9 per cent stake at this stage - places a manager doing an OK job at best under greater scrutiny.
The Spaniard admitted as much during his press conference ahead of Tuesday night's Barclays Premier League encounter at Aston Villa.
Iranian businessman Farhad Moshiri is the new major shareholder at Everton
Roberto Martinez believes the new investment can elevate Everton to a higher level
'It's a results business and I'm going to be judged on my job,' said Martinez. 'That doesn't change. What I'm very relaxed about is I know Everton will be in good hands with the new investor.
'He's someone who understands the heritage of our club. He's not someone who wants to take Everton as an investment, he's someone who wants to make Everton a successful, winning team.'
But the details of the deal struck between the Iranian billionaire and the Merseysiders remain sketchy, with nobody at the club yet prepared to elaborate on the brief statement issued on Saturday.
Why, after all, is it only 49.9 per cent when financial experts would expect a businessman of Moshiri's wealth and experience to demand a controlling 51 per cent in return for such a huge investment?
And what - if there is facility for Moshiri to increase his stake - is the formula within the deal that enables a full-scale £200million takeover? Further to that, who of the existing shareholders sold what to the University of London-educated, Monaco-based accountant? On Monday there was a curious degree of secrecy.
Privately, club officials suggest the 49.9 per cent enables chairman Bill Kenwright and director Jon Woods - who between them owned around 46 per cent of the club prior to the Moshiri deal - to retain some control on the board. Kenwright will remain chairman, even if Moshiri's stake gives him the most influential voice in the boardroom.
Bill Kenwright will remain chairman, even if Moshiri's stake gives him the most influential voice at the club
Martinez hopes to fulfil his ambition of leading Everton to the Champions League
But it also gives Moshiri a chance to ease himself in before employing a mechanism - Sportsmail understands - to increase his stake to a controlling 75 per cent.
What we don't yet know is just how committed he is to managing the club's debt - most recently estimated to be in excess of £30m - investing in the squad, providing the club with a better chance of keeping their best players from the clutches of richer rivals and injecting some much-needed impetus into those new £300m stadium plans.
'We need to create a football club that the player wants to be part of,' said Martinez when discussing the vibrant young talents of Ross Barkley, John Stones and Romelu Lukaku, all of whom will be targets for top clubs this summer. On Monday night, Bosnian midfielder Muhamed Besic agreed a new deal that will keep the 23-year-old at the club until 2021.
'It is not good us saying, "Yes, we will keep such and such." If they don't want to stay it will be the wrong investment. But if such and such want to stay, can we make them stay? The answer now is yes. It is as simple as that.'
On Monday night, Muhamed Besic agreed a new deal that will keep the 23-year-old at the club until 2021
Moshiri might have had a major stake in Arsenal but he has no form for any of this, the shares he held with his business partner Alisher Usmanov not enough to secure a place on the board at the Emirates.
It actually makes him something of an enigma. He is said to be an Arsenal supporter. But it has also been reported that he has a passion for Manchester United and once tried to buy Liverpool.
He certainly had a box at Arsenal, acquiring it after joining forces with Usmanov to purchase significant chunks of the north London club through their Red and White Holdings company.
In August 2007, they bought 14.65 per cent from former vice-chairman David Dein. A month later they increased that, in two instalments, to 23 per cent. Five years later, in June 2012, their stake increased again to just shy of 30 per cent. Moshiri sold his half back to Usmanov last week, thus providing him with the cash and the opportunity to complete a deal revealed by Sportsmail on Friday night.
Moshiri was Everton's preferred bidder, even though the Americans John Jay Moores and Charles Noell had a six-week exclusivity period examining the books over Christmas.
But even with an estimated fortune of £1.3billion, Moshiri is nothing like as wealthy as Usmanov - currently Russia's third-richest man - and this is something that also raises eyebrows in the City.
Experts wonder how much of his personal wealth Moshiri is really prepared to gamble on a Premier League football club.
He has clearly worked hard for it, after all, with records showing he has held at least 32 directorships from those early days as a chartered accountant working for firms like Ernst & Young and Deloitte.
Everton have had an inconsistent season but Martinez believes with new investment the club can push on
Martinez did not seem to have any such concerns on Monday, the Spaniard insisting this is a game-changer for the club - exactly the kind of investment they have long been waiting for. Moshiri, he said, 'had fallen in love with Everton' and was relishing the chance to have a proper say in the running of a football club.
'We haven't got to the stage of discussing his exact plans yet, I am sure that conversation will take place,' said Martinez.
'But he's been involved in a football club before and for a long time and he understands there has to be a process.
'I am sure we will get to a point where we set benchmarks but at the moment there is such a positive feel about his influence and the way he has connected with our chairman.'
Perhaps the club - still a private company, remember - will reveal more detail once the deal has been approved by the Premier League. And perhaps then Moshiri will be able to make clear his intentions.
The 60-year-old is certainly no stranger to the media. His wife Nazenin Ansari is an Iranian journalist and is understood to be the managing editor of Kayhan London, a weekly Persian-language newspaper. She is also a former president of the Foreign Press Association who has written for the Guardian.
On Monday one friend told this newspaper she has actually separated from Moshiri.
"I feel like we took pitches we should have hit, and we swung at pitches we shouldn't have swung at," Mackanin said. "I thought [Hendricks] gave us just enough -- not a lot -- but just enough pitches out over the plate, and we didn't capitalize."
CHICAGO -- After a 4-1 loss to the Cubs on Saturday, Phillies manager Pete Mackanin credited Cubs starter Kyle Hendricks, who threw a complete game. But he was more troubled with his hitters, whose inability to find a groove is beginning to prove costly. The Phillies have lost six of eight.
CHICAGO -- After a 4-1 loss to the Cubs on Saturday, Phillies manager Pete Mackanin credited Cubs starter Kyle Hendricks, who threw a complete game. But he was more troubled with his hitters, whose inability to find a groove is beginning to prove costly. The Phillies have lost six of eight.
"I feel like we took pitches we should have hit, and we swung at pitches we shouldn't have swung at," Mackanin said. "I thought [Hendricks] gave us just enough -- not a lot -- but just enough pitches out over the plate, and we didn't capitalize."
View Full Game Coverage
In the past eight games, the Phillies have scored 22 runs. After Friday's 6-2 defeat, Mackanin faced the question that since feels increasingly pressing -- "Are you worried that the offensive shortcomings are starting to catch up with you guys?"
Mackanin didn't change his expression or alter his tone of voice. He answered in a matter-of-fact fashion.
"I won't say I'm worried about it," Mackanin said. "I've been conscious of it for the whole season."
That's how Mackanin and the Phillies are treating it. Stick to the facts, which reveal things both good and bad about the club.
First, the numbers suggest the Phils have a better record than they should. Based on the Pythagorean win-loss stat, the Phillies should have a winning percentage of .394. Instead, they are at .531.
Philadelphia has won 26 games despite a minus-38 run differential. The explanation is the fact the Phillies are playing -- and winning -- an astounding amount of close games, going 14-4 in one-run contests.
Despite Philadelphia's surprising start, the struggle of the Phillies' lineup is indeed nothing new. Their 158 runs rank 29th in baseball, as do their 36 home runs. Only the 14-34 Braves are worse in those categories.
"At the least, we certainly would like to have more offense, a little more power," Mackanin said. "You look at the Cubs, the Tigers, they've got the home run. They've got power. They have threats to do damage. We haven't been able to do that."
But the Phillies have had respectable starting pitching, and the bullpen in particular has been good as of late. The 'pen has surrendered only three earned runs in its past 19 innings, dropping its ERA to a season-low 3.66. So as much as the numbers are an indictment of the offense, there is also a testament to the club's pitching.
The facts also show Tyler Goeddel, Peter Bourjos, Cameron Rupp, Odubel Herrera and Freddy Galvis have all raised their batting averages in May. And the part that matters most: The Phillies are 26-23, right in the thick of the National League East race.
"I'm always concerned that it might catch up with us," Mackanin said. "But as long as our pitching does their job, we're going to be in as many games as they allow us to be in."
Cody Stavenhagen is a reporter for MLB.com based in Chicago.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Feb. 20, 2013, 3:22 PM GMT By Katy Barnato
The head of U.S. tire maker Titan launched a vitriolic attack on French productivity after the country's socialist government suggested he buy a tire factory in the north of France.
"How stupid do you think we are?" wrote Maurice Taylor, in a letter to French Industry Minister Arnaud Montebourg, obtained by French business newspaper Les Echos on Wednesday.
Montebourg had asked the U.S. mogul to take over a Goodyear tire factory that is due to close.
The factory is located in Amiens in France's industrial heartland, 75 miles north of Paris. Goodyear Tire & Rubber company reported in January that it will close the unprofitable plant, putting around 1,000 workers out of jobs.
In his letter to Montebourg, Taylor left no doubt as to why he did not want to buy the factory.
"I have visited that factory a couple of times. The French workforce gets paid high wages, but works only three hours. They get one hour for breaks and lunch, talk for three and work for three hours," he wrote.
"I told this to the French union workers to their faces. They told me that's the French way!"
Taylor, who is nicknamed "the Grizz" by Wall Street analysts because of his tough negotiating style, said he had other expansion plans in mind for Titan.
"Titan is going to buy a Chinese tire company or an Indian one, pay less than one Euro per hour wage and ship all the tires France needs," he wrote. "You can keep the so-called workers. Titan has no interest in the Amiens North factory."
Taylor led a leveraged buy-out of Titan in 1990, before purchasing the remaining interest in the $100 million company along with MascoTech. He then launched an unsuccessful bid to be U.S. President in 1996, campaigning as a Republican to bring sound fiscal management and business know-how to Washington.
In his letter, Taylor predicted that French stalwart Michelin will have ceased producing tires in France within five years. "France will lose its industrial business because its government is more government."
And the U.S. government has no reason for complacency either. "The U.S. government is not much better than the French. Titan had to pay millions to Washington lawyers to sue the Chinese tire companies because of their subsidizing. Titan won. The government collects the duties. We don't get the duties, the government does," said Taylor.
Users love the portable carrying bag, but some do note that it's not heavy-duty or suitable for heavy fabrics. The ePhoto support stand kit is made of lightweight aluminum for portability, and you can adjust the height up to 8 ft. and the width to 10 ft. Another great thing about this product is that you can set it up in minutes, store it in the included carry bag and take it with you.
Hand Painted photography backdrops are at a quality level all their own. With over 45 years of experience, we have mastered creating the perfect hand painted background replica every time. We are capable of handling the most delicate of color changes in our Old Master backgrounds. The Old Master series of hand painted canvases are sure to please and will last for many years if cared for properly.
The Little Studio System is a must-have backdrop solution for photographing newborns, infants, toddlers, pets, and products. The Little Studio is essentially a 3.5 x 3.5 x 3.5-foot room in a box. This system is completely collapsible and can be paired with hundreds of available backdrops and floordrops. These backdrops attach to the system with Velcro, allowing for instant set changes and clean up.
Backgrounds, also known as backdrops, are a standard feature used in a controlled setting such as a photography studio. The ability to change backgrounds adds versatility to portraits allowing you endless possibilities in truly crafting an image. Backdrops are available in various types and are categorized based on the size and materials they are made of. These can range from simple solids to subtle patterns and even custom-painted, photo-realistic scenes. To effectively use a backdrop you will need stands and other accessories.
It was higher quality then I had expected . One side is a very soft and silky/shiny material. The photo is only on one side , just to let you know . Needs to be ironed but ours broke and we do not have an iron at the moment. If the lines were out it would look absolutely gorgeous. Totally changed the feel of a room. Bought the 60”W by 80”L . Not disappointed.
Welcome to PB Backdrops, here to help you bring your photo booth to life. The photo booth has come a long way since the days of the little kiosk at the mall, we know that, you know that. No longer the tiny thing with the curtain, it's now big and lavish, accessorized by the ton, and people are flocking to it, making it the center of any well-thrown party. At PB Backdrops we'll set you up with the greatest backdrops, whether you're looking for tension fabric, pillowcase, pipe and drape - doesn't matter; we have it all, and we have it at the best price. So step on into our online store and take a look around. Anything you have questions about - don't be afraid to ask. We're here to help.
Backdrops tend to be at the center of your event, whether it's a photo booth backdrop, standard photography, or a tradeshow booth. They bring life, charm, and enjoyment to your subjects. With a photo booth in particular, your customers get to play. So...they're necessary. With over 500 hundred to choose from (and the option to custom-design your own), PB Backdrops has you covered.
I recently bought this 3 days ago and used it to shoot 38 headshots and a group photo for a university. The images came out fantastic!! I was amazed that the light quality was excellent and the light stands were sturdy without sandbags to fasten it. I bought a used kit but it was greatly taken cared of. I wanted an easy portable light kit and this is perfect very light weight and cost effective. Backgroynd stand is great, Muslim is thin in black but just double it up and youll be fine for headshots.
Easy to use and looks good in portraits. I used a stand by Fancierstudio and clips by LimoStudio and got this backdrop set up nicely. It's plenty long, and looks like you could cut it up and use it to cover a larger area, however I wish it were wider. It's just barely wide enough for a good portrait, but not any wider. It looks good if you put your subject a foot or so in front of it with a large aperture and get some bokeh on it.
I shoot videos and portraits of classical and acoustic guitarists and have a small collection of backdrops I carry around. The StudioPRO 5' x 7' Blue Collapsible Twist Muslin is one of my favorites: convenient to transport, fast to set up and easy on the eye. It's a blue muslin marbled with random patches of white and darker grayish blues, almost resembling the sky with popcorn clouds. I love how it photographs and my sample is a little darker and more attractive and than the product photos.
Critics of the church's anti-gay stance continue to leave en masse, and say the exodus will go on as long as the church alienates the queer community
At age 14, Lila Steffensen started going to church alone. Her twin brother Jordan had come out as gay, and he and their mother had decided they no longer wanted to be a part of the Mormon church, which is headquartered in their home town of Salt Lake City, Utah, and espouses explicit anti-LGBT beliefs.
Steffensen was conflicted at the time, and years later, she stopped going. But she remained a member of the Mormon faith up until last week when she decided to officially cut ties with the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS): on Saturday, she participated in a “mass resignation” from the Mormon church, one of more than a hundred people to file formal paperwork at a public event.
“I don't want to be attached to the church any more, and I don't want them to count me,” said Steffensen, 26, who works in sales. “I don't want to be part of something that is a big con that mentally abuses thousands of people … I want to be able to say, ‘No, I'm not a Mormon'.”
Since November of 2015, when LDS leaders passed an anti-gay policy barring children of married LGBT couples from being baptized, the Mormon church has experienced a steady mass exodus, according to critics of the faith.
The controversial rule, adopted after same-sex marriage became legal in the US, said that if Mormon children of gay parents wanted to be baptized, they would have to denounce same-sex cohabitation and leave their family's house when they turned 18.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Lila Steffensen, who participated in a ‘mass resignation' from the Mormon church: ‘I don't want to be part of a big con.' Photograph: Courtesy of Lila Steffensen
Protests erupted, and within several weeks, Utah attorney Mark Naugle had helped more than 2,600 people file resignation papers.
Naugle – who left the church 15 years ago and now runs a website called QuitMormon.com – said that as of Monday, he had processed nearly 12,000 resignations since the mass departures began in November. Boosted by formal quitting ceremonies, like the one in downtown Salt Lake City on Saturday, Naugle said he now completes roughly 100 to 250 resignations a week.
“America is becoming less religious, and so is the state of Utah,” said Naugle, 31.
Despite intense backlash to the new policy – including concerns about a potential increase in depression and suicide among LGBT Mormons – leaders of the church, which is headquartered in Salt Lake City, have not shifted their views. As long as they continue to alienate the queer community, including transgender people, LGBT members and their allies will continue leaving in droves, critics said.
Transgender and Mormon: keeping the faith while asking the church to change Read more
The mass resignations include some Mormons who have become inactive in the church for years, but want to formally dissociate, in part to ensure that the LDS church no longer includes them in statistics and stops encouraging them to return.
The church claims that it has more than 15.6 million members worldwide.
“I wanted to be off the rolls,” said Ivonna Earnest, 45, who resigned on Saturday. “I don't want to be a selling point anymore.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A memorial was set up at the mass resignation event to honor LGBT people who have committed suicide. Photograph: Perry L Porter
LDS church officials declined to provide statistics on resignations. In a statement to the Guardian, spokesman Eric Hawkins said: “We don't want to see anyone leave the Church, especially people who have been struggling with some aspect of their life … We continue to extend love and respect to those who leave, and we stand ready to welcome any who may desire to return in the future.”
Leaving the church can be particularly challenging in a state like Utah, where a majority of residents are Mormon.
“It's really important for people going through this to know that they're not alone,” said Steve Holbrook, an ex-Mormon who helps organize mass resignation events.
Some who try to remain in the church and fight for change are ultimately forced out. Kate Kelly, a speaker at the Saturday ceremony, was excommunicated in 2014 after advocating for the ordination of women into priesthood.
The Utah woman said that Mormonism is defined by rituals and that many want to formally celebrate the act of leaving.
“The idea of the mass resignation event is to be able to mark your dissent with the way that the organization treats gay people, people of color and women.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Kate Kelly speaks at the mass resignation ceremony from the Mormon church. Photograph: Perry L Porter
Treven Wood, a 35-year-old Provo, Utah, man who resigned on Saturday, said he had long wrestled with the decision to leave, since all of his family members are still active in the church – including his three children. But he said that he had become skeptical of many of the church's beliefs and practices and was especially dismayed by the new anti-gay policy.
He said he had faced significant criticisms from his family since resigning and that his departure from the church has threatened his relationships.
“They don't have to agree with it … but I would hope they would eventually come around and respect my decision.”
Gonzalo Arellano Pino, a 45-year-old gay ex-Mormon, said it was encouraging to witness so many people leave the church following the introduction of the “evil” policy forcing children to disavow LGBT parents.
“It's refreshing to see that some light is being shined on the truth,” he said. “The time will come, I think, when the church will see the impact.”
By Rich Heidorn Jr.
In a rulemaking reflecting both reliability concerns and the technological advances of renewable generators, FERC on Thursday proposed revising the pro forma Large Generator Interconnection Agreement (LGIA) and Small Generator Interconnection Agreement (SGIA) to require all newly interconnecting facilities to install and enable primary frequency response capability (RM16-6).
The commission said the existing pro forma LGIA may be unduly discriminatory because its primary frequency response requirements apply only to synchronous generating facilities “and do not account for recent technological advancements that have enabled new non-synchronous generating facilities to now have primary frequency response capabilities.”
The proposed changes will “ensure fair and consistent treatment for all types of generating facilities, help to balance authorities meet their frequency response obligations pursuant to NERC reliability standard BAL-003-1.1 and help improve reliability during system restoration and islanding situations,” the commission said.
FERC said the rules would not apply to nuclear generators and would not impose “headroom” requirements for new generators. The commission said it would not require that generators be paid for complying with the frequency response requirement.
Declining Frequency Response
Acknowledging concerns over declining frequency response performance, the commission asked for comment on whether the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking is sufficient “to ensure adequate levels of primary frequency response, or whether additional reforms are needed.”
“While the three [contiguous] U.S. interconnections currently exhibit adequate frequency response performance above their interconnection frequency response obligations, there has been a significant decline in the frequency response performance of the Western and Eastern Interconnections,” FERC said.
The commission noted declining frequency response was identified as early as a 1991 study by NERC and the Electric Power Research Institute.
It also cited a 2010 NERC survey of generator owners and operators that found that only 30% of generators in the Eastern Interconnection provided primary frequency response and that only 10% provided sustained primary frequency response. “This suggests that many generators within the interconnection disable or otherwise set their governors or outer-loop controls such that they provide little to no primary frequency response,” the commission said.
“The commission's pro forma generator interconnection agreements and procedures were developed at a time when traditional synchronous generating facilities with standard governor controls and large rotational inertia were the predominant sources of electricity generation. However, the nation's resource mix has undergone significant change since” the pro forma rules were issued in 2003 and 2005.
“This transformation has been characterized by the retirement of baseload, synchronous generating facilities and the integration of more distributed generation, demand response and natural gas generating facilities, and the rapid expansion of non-synchronous variable energy resources (VERs) such as wind and solar,” the commission said.
It cited U.S. Energy Information Administration data that the U.S. added 13 GW of wind, 6.2 GW of utility-scale solar photovoltaic and 3.6 GW of distributed solar PV generation in 2014 and 2015. “Conversely, NERC has reported that almost 42 GW of synchronous generating facilities (e.g., coal, nuclear and natural gas) have retired between 2011 and 2014, and the EIA recently reported that nearly 14 GW of coal and 3 GW of natural gas generating facilities retired in 2015.”
The commission said that although wind and solar generators now have the technology to provide primary frequency response, “this functionality has not historically been a standard feature that was included and enabled on non-synchronous generating facilities. Moreover, wind and solar generating facilities typically operate at their maximum operating output, leaving no capacity (or ‘headroom') to provide primary frequency response during under-frequency conditions.”
RTO Rule Changes
The commission acknowledged it was playing catch up with RTOs that have already begun changing the rules for asynchronous generators:
Calling a proposed garbage plant on the waterfront a "bait and switch," Ward 3 Coun. Matthew Green blasted the Port Fuels project Tuesday after the city admitted the project fit into its "waste processing facility" definition, which is allowed on Pier 15.
Green, fellow councillor Chad Collins and community opponents all had strongly worded reactions Tuesday as the project got a green light from city zoning staff.
I think the Port Authority is using Hamilton as the place where they can put industries that won't be accepted elsewhere. - Matthew Green
A "disgusted" Green contended the project had been "green-washed" to get special provincial environmental consideration, but then when city zoning for an energy production plant proved a hurdle, the project was recast as a waste processing facility to remove that hurdle.
"I think they used one sales pitch to sell the province the renewable energies part of the project, then they came back to the city to say that it was waste management," he said.
Green said he would make a motion at city council Wednesday to ask for extra provincial scrutiny on the project, which is in his ward.
Kate Andrus, spokesperson for Trash the Garbage Plant a community group opposed to the project, echoed Green's comments that the company is representing itself one way at the provincial end of its approval process and as something else locally. She said she was in "disbelief" at the decision, especially after so many assurances a zone change would be required.
"The question begs, if I decided to build a strip club and call it a change room for a gym, would the zoning department allow me to build it without further comment or consideration? The community would really like to know."
Mayor Fred Eisenberger didn't take a position on the news Tuesday, but said through a spokeswoman that he is keeping tabs on the project and that "this is just one step in the process."
The Hamilton Port Authority did not return requests for comment.
Port Authority role questioned
Green criticized the port for pushing the project forward.
"I think that they're the problem," Green said. "I think the Port Authority is using Hamilton as the place where they can put industries that won't be accepted elsewhere."
Coun. Chad Collins, who represents Ward 5 in the city's east end, joined Green in criticizing the port's role in bringing the project to the city. He said the port's approval of this project "set the city back decades" on environmental and economic development progress.
"They continue to facilitate 1950s-style developments that prevent other investors from even giving the lower bayfront lands a look."
The zoning change was the one mechanism city staff and elected officials were holding out as a reason why Port Fuels should listen to and work with the city and not just with the Hamilton Port Authority.
The main approval process remaining is now the provincial environmental screening, where the various environmental impacts of the project are assessed.
Independent review coming soon
An independent technical review of the project from consultant WSP Canada will be "forwarded to the City shortly in order to assist in their decision making," said the firm's Hamilton operations manager David MacGillivray.
The project site is on Pier 15, federally owned Hamilton Port Authority lands, and Port Fuels representatives have said the project would go forward with or without city approval.
The change in thinking in among city staff comes from a technical redefining of what the project is. The initial rejection was because it was seen as a "private energy generation plant" which is not permitted and would require a rezoning application. After a closer look, staff now accept that the two processes that are part of the operation make it a "waste processing facility" that includes thermal treatment and the creation of energy as part of it.
A group of community members who oppose the plant will hold a forum with international environmentalist Paul Connett at City Hall on April 10 at 7 p.m.
They say you should get 8 hours of sleep. Maybe this will help.
This playlist is designed to be listened to between 11pm-7am and is also designed to reflect the flow of the night. For instance, the day this episode is released, sunrise will occur at 6:24 am where I live, thus the song representing sunrise peaks at 7 hours and 24 minutes into this playlist.
If you do attempt to listen to this while you sleep, please listen to it on speakers at a medium volume, so that the music simply becomes another feature of the room. If you play it too loud, the music will become the focal point. If you play it to low, it to be relegated to background noise.
For more info, go to postrockpaperscissors.com
To download this mix: https://ia600304.us.archive.org/18/items/Post-rockPaperScissors-Episode168SleepakaDronesOnDronesOnDrones/Post-rockPaperScissors-Episode_168_sleepakaDronesOnDronesOnDrones.mp3
George Stephen Morrison (January 7, 1919 – November 17, 2008) was a United States Navy rear admiral (upper half) and naval aviator. Morrison was commander of the U.S. naval forces in the Gulf of Tonkin during the Gulf of Tonkin Incident of August 1964, which sparked an escalation of American involvement in the Vietnam War. He was the father of Jim Morrison, the lead singer of the rock band the Doors, who died in July 1971.[1][2][3][4]
Early life and education [ edit ]
Born in Rome, Georgia, Morrison was the son of Caroline (née Hoover; 1891–1984) and Paul Raymund Morrison (1886–1971), and raised in Leesburg, Florida.[3] He entered the U.S. Naval Academy in 1938, graduated in 1941, and was commissioned an ensign. Sent to Hawaii, he joined the crew of the minelayer USS Pruitt.[5] On December 7, 1941, Morrison witnessed the Japanese Attack on Pearl Harbor.[4]
Career [ edit ]
Bon Homme Richard in January 1964 Captain Morrison and his son Jim on the bridge of thein January 1964
He began flight training in 1943 at Naval Air Station Pensacola, Florida, and graduated in spring 1944. Morrison flew missions in the Pacific Theater for the duration of World War II.[5]
He served as an instructor on nuclear weapons programs following the end of the war, while during the Korean War, he served at the joint operations center in Seoul. This resulted in the award of the Bronze Star with "V" for Valor device.[4]
In 1963, Morrison took command of the Essex-class aircraft carrier USS Bon Homme Richard, flagship of a 3rd Fleet Carrier Division in the Pacific, and based at Naval Air Station Alameda, California. Morrison was in command of the Carrier Division during the controversial Gulf of Tonkin Incident in August 1964, which resulted effectively in the true beginning of the Vietnam War by President Lyndon Johnson.[6]
In 1967, he was promoted to Rear Admiral.[4]
In 1967, in one article in the British paper, The Telegraph, it is unofficially reported by some that Morrison vehemently opposed the US response to, and findings of, the USS Liberty incident which exonerated Israel of malice. Morrison did not rise in rank again after his outspoken criticism of Israeli intentions.[7]
In WestPac in 1968, he was Commander of Task Force 77; the USS Hancock served as his flagship. Besides operations against communist forces in North Vietnam, the task force was diverted to Korea in December 1968 to support South Korean forces battling North Korean infiltrators during the Korean DMZ Conflict. He successfully led the Task Force in the interdiction of communist North Korean forces in spite of attempts by Soviet Navy destroyers to prevent flight operations by attempting to cross the path of the Hancock.[citation needed] In 1972, he was appointed Commander Naval Forces Marianas.[8] As such, he was in charge of relief efforts for Vietnamese refugees sent to Guam after the fall of Saigon in the spring of 1975.[9][10][11][12][13]
Rear Admiral Morrison was the keynote speaker at the decommissioning ceremony for the carrier Bon Homme Richard, his first ship as an admiral, on July 2, 1971 in Washington D.C.. His estranged son, rock musician Jim Morrison, died in Paris at age 27 the following day.[14]
Morrison retired from the Navy in August 1975 as a rear admiral (upper half).[9]
Awards and decorations [ edit ]
Rear Admiral Morrison was a recipient of the following military decorations and service medals, the Navy Distinguished Service Medal, Legion of Merit with Gold Star, the Bronze Star Medal with "V" for Valor device (Korean War), Air Medal with two Gold Stars and the Presidential Unit Citation Ribbon (World War II), the American Defense Service Medal, American Campaign Medal, Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal with three Bronze Stars, European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal, World War II Victory Medal, National Defense Service Ribbon with Bronze Star, Korean Service Medal, Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal (Taiwan Straits), Korean Presidential Unit Citation Medal and the United Nations Service Medal.
Personal life [ edit ]
Morrison met and married Clara Virginia Clarke (1919–2005) in Hawaii in 1942. Their son James Douglas (later, lead singer of rock band The Doors) was born in late 1943 in Melbourne, Florida, where they lived at the time while stationed at Naval Air Station Melbourne.[5] A daughter, Anne Robin, was born in 1947 in Albuquerque, New Mexico, and became a school teacher in Thousand Oaks, California,[15] and a son, Andrew Lee Morrison, was born in 1948 in Los Altos, California, and lives in Pahoa, Hawaii.[16][17]
Retirement and final years [ edit ]
In retirement, the Morrisons lived in Coronado and Chula Vista, California. Clara Clarke Morrison, 86, died after a long illness in Coronado on December 29, 2005. Rear Admiral Morrison died in Coronado on November 17, 2008. His private memorial service was held on November 24 at Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery in San Diego. His ashes were scattered at sea near the same spot off Point Loma where his wife's ashes had been scattered nearly three years earlier.
On the day criminal law professor Joachim Vogel was carried to his grave at a cemetery in the southern German city of Tübingen, his daughter's pink shoe was still lying on the ground next to the Grand Canal in Venice. It was precisely the spot where Vogel was crushed and fatally injured on Aug. 17 while trying to save his daughter after the gondola they were in had collided with a water bus. His 3-year-old daughter survived. Her shoe, now decorated with flowers, has been left behind as a memorial.
At the very moment when a procession of 16 gondoliers marches in front of the coffin in Tübingen, the only signs of mourning in Venice are the black ribbons tied to the bow irons of the city's gondolas.
Life has already returned to normal at the accident site, where Germans, Japanese and Arabs crowd along the seawall in the midday heat or take snapshots of each other in front of the Rialto Bridge. In a take-it-or-leave-it voice, a gondolier explains that the official rate, 80 ($106) for 40 minutes, doesn't apply to trips in idyllic smaller canals. "For that price, I can take you up and down the Grand Canal, again and again. Is that what you want?"
It isn't.
The Grand Canal is a chaotic place. Some 425 gondoliers, more than 200 water taxies and dozens of vaporetti, or motored water buses, are jockeying for space in Venice. And then there are the private boats, the commercial vessels for garbage and sewage disposal and, finally, the barges that deliver beer, wine and seafood to more than 1,000 restaurants and bars.
During peak hours, the image of gondolas rocking back and forth in the midst of large, diesel-powered water buses and several small boats with outboard motors resembles a laboratory experiment in which fellow but differently sized members of the same species are crowded together in a small space to see which of them will survive.
Nowadays the old section of Venice, with its population of 57,960, sees up to 80,000 tourists a day. Most local residents still attempt to retain a shred of dignity even when jammed into agonizingly tight spaces on waterbuses while surrounded by scantily clad foreigners. But, as local papers report, fights and vulgar behavior are becoming commonplace. A Facebook group of people threatening to refuse to pay for tickets on Venice's overburdened public transportation system attracted more than 5,000 members in a matter of days.
Nevertheless, the city of canals and lagoons can still be easily traversed, as actor George Clooney, a celebrity guest at the 70th Venice International Film Festival, demonstrated a few weeks ago. Much to the delight of the paparazzi, Clooney took the wheel of his water taxi while traveling from St. Mark's Square to the Hotel Cipriani. Before long, an angry Venetian had reported Clooney to the police for driving a water taxi without a license.
The Demise of a City
While other Venetians may be on edge these days, a gaunt woman is calmly eating a brioche for breakfast in the eastern section of Venice's old city, where the waterways gradually feed into the lagoon and offer striking views of the San Michele cemetery island. She plays an important role for Venice because she has shaped the city's image in many parts of the world with her roughly two dozen crime novels. A million copies of her books had already been sold by the end of the last millennium. Since then, her publisher has politely declined to cite any further publication figures.
"When I came to Venice in 1968, people here still went swimming in the canals," says Donna Leon. Born in the United States, Leon now lives and writes on the upper floor of a palazzo behind the church of San Canciano. Like many other long-time residents, she laments what she perceives as a city in a state of siege. There is also a symbolic aspect to the German professor's tragic death in a gondola, says the author, "because the gondola is an emblem of this city."
Leon's new book "Gondola" will be released in September, even before the publication of the 23rd installment of her series of crime novels featuring the fictional hero Commissario Guido Brunetti. The "Gondola" book is a literary appreciation of a deeply Venetian mode of transportation that was once a sometimes pompous badge of prosperity, as it was reserved for the upper classes of the former seafaring republic.
The gondola, says Leon, was the trademark of a global empire, like the Parthenon or the Colosseum. She explains that its demise goes hand in hand with Venice's decline, from one of the most important cities in the Western Hemisphere to what it is today, "a provincial city with fewer than 60,000 residents."
Two observations come to mind when walking with Leon through the narrow streets and alleys of Venice. First, the 70-year-old is tough and agile, swerving around aimlessly wandering tourists like slalom poles. Second, she manages to make her way through the crowds largely unrecognized by the locals, partly because she prevents her socially critical crime novels from being translated into Italian, thereby limiting her own celebrity in her host country. As a result, she can speak her mind relatively freely. At the moment, her biggest criticism is of cruise-ship tourism.
"Everyone who comes here crows 'Oh, beautiful Venice,' even as the fine particulate matter drifts over from the harbor," says Leon. She, on the other hand, has no interest in dying in beautiful Venice. "Those ships are causing damage, and I hate to say it, but someone here is trying to kill me."
Too Many Tourists and Big Ships
That someone might be the one sitting in the office of the port director at the other end of the city. He is an elegant, worldly man in his seventies, dressed in a light summer suit. Paolo Costa has been an economics professor, the mayor of Venice, a cabinet minister under former Prime Minister Romano Prodi and a member of the European Parliament.
But it wasn't until he became president of the Venice Port Authority that he reached the apex of his power, say his critics, noting that he is now the city's éminence grise. He controls what happens in the lagoon. Under Costa's management, Venice has become the top Mediterranean port for cruise-ship tourism. This translates into 1.7 million visitors a year, 280 million in revenues and upwards of 5,000 jobs more or less directly related to the tourism industry.
Critics contend that, in the long run, the environmental damage caused by ships spewing diesel soot, as well as fine particulate matter, electronic smog and benzopyrene, will outweigh any economic benefits. The worst offenders are the "floating monsters" whose silhouettes dwarf bell towers and palazzi, making them look like so many toy blocks and erasing the image of Venice as a city on a human scale.
Costa is familiar with such criticism. The Celebrity Equinox has just glided past his office window, headed for St. Mark's Square. The 315-meter (1,033-foot) vessel, capable of carrying 4,096 passengers and crewmembers, is like a floating apartment building with Lilliputian balconies -- certainly not a pretty sight. But, says Costa, the cruise ships only represent a small share of Venice's problems. He explains that less than a quarter of the tourists boarded on the cruise ships ever make it to the old city.
The real problem, says the port director, is the total number of visitors. In a 1988 study, none other than Costa himself concluded that the ideal number of annual visitors was 7.5 million. Today, about 30 million people visit the city each year.
"Tourism has displaced other economic sectors: banks, insurance companies, everything. It's eroding Venice, and everyone knows it, but no one has any answer to the problem," says Costa, looking decidedly innocent, as if he had had nothing to do with this development. First of all, he says, the exodus from the old city, prompted by an economic monoculture and real estate speculation, has to stop, because "a city without a civil society cannot be sustained."
But, fortunately, that civil society still exists. It includes both native Venetians and non-Venetians with a passion for the city, such as the valiant members of a resistance group called "No Grandi Navi" (No Big Ships), who periodically take to the streets with small signs depicting a pin-sized image of the bell tower of St Mark's Basilica about to be swallowed by the enormous mouth of a cruise ship.
Another activist is Adriano Celentano, Italy's best-selling male singer with 150 million albums sold. In early August, he publicly accused Costa and politicians aligned with him of committing a "crime against humanity" with the "beasts" in the lagoon, in the middle of Venice, in the "most beautiful city in the world."
Celentano may be alone with his choice of words, but his concerns resonate with many others. When the Carnival Sunshine, a ship weighing more than 100,000 tons, came within an estimated 20 meters of the old city's waterfront, even Venice's city council member for environmental affairs was beside himself. Some even started talking about the risk of a "second Giglio," a reference to the Costa Concordia, which capsized off the island of Giglio in 2012, killing over 30 people.
Cheese prices on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange dropped to their lowest in almost five years on Wednesday. The reason: Midwest dairy cows are producing such prodigious quantities of milk this year that even the usual seasonal uptick in demand isn't enough to prevent a glut.
Cheddar-cheese blocks fell 1.9 percent to settle at $1.41 a pound, the lowest closing price since Jan. 10, 2011. Cheese futures for December delivery fell to an eight-month low on the CME.
Cheese inventories usually rise in the first half of the year, a time when most milk in the U.S. is produced, and are then drawn down in the second half as Americans consume more with the onset of football season (think pizza) and the holidays.
This year, however, supplies in the Midwest, where milk mainly goes into cheese-making, have overwhelmed consumption. In Wisconsin and in Michigan, milk production jumped 4.5 percent in October from a year earlier, according to U.S. Department of Agriculture data. Cheese inventories in October were 15 percent higher, the numbers also show.
“We're nearing the end of the holiday demand season, so with that coming to a close and with where stocks are at, it's not looking well for cheese,” said Curtis Bosma, an account manager at Chicago-based HighGround Dairy. “We're making a lot of cheese and not selling a lot of it, so it's all going into storage for the moment.”
The proposal to free spy Jonathan Pollard in exchange for Israel extending a temporary freeze on settlement building has now received support from four Democrats in Congress. Although many claim Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu initiated this latest bid to free Pollard, it may not be that simple. Since the 1990s the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations has publicly and privately called for Pollard's release. The 52 organizations in the Conference constitute a key block in the American Israel Public Affairs Committee's (AIPAC) executive committee. Hitching Pollard's release to any suitably strong vehicle – whether steaming in from Israel or propelled from within the U.S. – is therefore an AIPAC priority. Like its behind-the-scenes support for Israel's clandestine nuclear weapons program, Pollard's release is not something AIPAC can lobby for openly. This is because – as with many of AIPAC's initiatives – freeing Pollard is both unpopular and a zero-sum game in which America must lose in order for Israel to win.
The logic behind exonerating one massive illegality to temporarily stanch another seems to be that in exercising clemency the U.S. will win time to advance the so-called “peace process” underway between Israelis and Palestinians. But will freeing Pollard instead only touch off yet another crippling wave of Israeli espionage against the United States? Has exercising leniency toward the many instances of Israel-related espionage ever worked in the past? Over 400 pages of FBI news clippings [.pdf] released on Sept. 7, 2010, in response to a 2009 Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request for files about the 2005 AIPAC espionage investigation reveal one inescapable reality: now that the “free Pollard” initiative is underway, American governance will likely suffer greatly whether or not President Obama ultimately chooses to reward yet another crime committed in the name of Israel.
The news sources clipped by the FBI are broad, ranging from “Chalabi-gate: None Dare Call It Treason” by Justin Raimondo (May 28, 2004) to “Still Dreaming of Tehran” by Robert Dreyfuss and Laura Rozen (April 12, 2004). Rozen's analysis seems to be an FBI favorite, appearing in multiple instances and highlighted with markings etched by anonymous G Men. The FBI even boxed in a cryptic reference in her article “The Big Chill” from The Nation on July 14, 2005:
“The Nation has learned that among the documents the FBI has in its possession is a memo written by [Steven J.] Rosen in 1983, soon after he joined AIPAC, to his then-boss describing his having been informed about the contents of a classified draft of a White House position paper concerning the Middle East and telling his boss that their inside knowledge of this draft might enable the group to influence the final document. The significance would seem to be an effort by the FBI to establish a pattern of Rosen's accessing classified information to which he was not authorized, not just from Franklin but over many years. Rosen's attorneys declined to comment on the allegation.”
That reference is enlightening. The FBI held back in its pursuit of Steve Rosen in 1983, but by 1984 it was forced by the U.S. trade representative to launch a full- blown investigation into how Rosen's AIPAC trade research team obtained yet another classified document full of still-classified American industrial secrets. By 1986 the FBI even learned that Israeli Minister of Economics Dan Halpern passed the stolen document to AIPAC – but the DOJ shut down the investigation after Halpern claimed diplomatic immunity. The DOJ thus thwarted the FBI's plans to interview U.S. government officials or possibly other Americans that might have leaked the document to Israel. U.S. economic interest groups from pharmaceutical makers to the bromine industry complained bitterly about the DOJ's failure to enforce statutes protecting them from such abuses. Prosecutorial leniency for AIPAC espionage in 1984 had adverse economic consequences that undermined confidence in subsequent bilateral trade agreements. But Pollard's capture and prosecution during the very midst of the earlier AIPAC espionage investigation seemed to indicate the U.S. was – in one limited instance at least – sometimes capable of enforcing the laws of the land.
The newly released FBI clipping file also includes an Oct. 20, 2006, Time article detailing a federal investigation into whether Rep. Jane Harman (D-Calif.) – in exchange for help from AIPAC to obtain leadership of the House Intelligence Panel – agreed to intervene with the Bush administration to convince it to go easy on AIPAC's Weissman and Rosen. Again prosecutorial leniency prevailed, and nothing came of the Harman investigation. By 2009 reporter Jeff Stein revealed that Harman had been overheard on a 2005 federal wiretap telling a suspected Israeli agent that she would lobby the Justice Department to reduce espionage-related charges against the indicted pair.
A fascinating read, the FBI's news-clipping file provides a timely snapshot of how Israel-related espionage cases undermine the rule of law and poison governance in America. In case after case, solid evidence gathered by law enforcement, independent investigative reporting, and criminal indictments gave way to elaborate PR campaigns alleging anti-Semitism and demanding DOJ and judicial leniency under various outrageous pretexts. Rosen and Weismann's prospects were buoyed by the oft-repeated slogan that in soliciting and distributing closely held U.S. national defense information, the pair were only “doing what reporters do every day,” a deeply flawed slippery-slope analogy. Firefighters light small fires to rob advancing blazes of fuel – just as arsonists also sometimes set things alight.
It is clear from the news clippings that AIPAC's goal – as exercised though Rosen and Weissman – was gathering enough kindling to set ablaze U.S. military strikes against Israel's arch-nemesis Iran, securing inside information on the president's policy options and other fuel it could use to incite the media and public before George W. Bush left office. While it is touching that the FBI was at the time thumbing through Mother Jones articles lamenting that the forces behind the launching of one disastrous war on false pretexts in the Middle East were jockeying for yet another, the totality of the FBI file documents the collapse of the rule of law through DOJ intransigence. The DOJ should have indicted AIPAC for espionage in 2005 – which probably would have led to its demise – rather than gingerly pursuing two AIPAC operatives (one is now suing AIPAC for “defamation”). Instead, a DOJ back-room deal permitted AIPAC to walk, culminating in the current bid to free one of the most notorious spies ever caught on American soil and a renewed drive to hit Iran through any means. The DOJ has, over time, proven to be a moribund destination where Israeli espionage cases go to be ignored, neglected [.pdf], or pardoned.
Ever since it sprang from the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs' U.S. “information office” in the early 1950s, AIPAC has engaged in many covert activities designed to serve its foreign principals – all at tremendous moral and financial cost to America. The Pollard-pardon-for-illegal-settlements-freeze proposal should be considered seriously by all Americans and the U.S. government – not as part of any credible peace process, but rather as a signal that it's time to re-register AIPAC as an Israeli foreign agent and implement a new no-tolerance policy toward Israeli espionage within our hobbled Department of Justice.
Read more by Grant Smith
1 / 11 'Evolution Is A Myth. Why Aren't Monkeys Still Evolving Into Humans?'
HuffPost's Nicholas Graham <a href="http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/09/25/christine-odonnell-evolution-monkeys_n_739131.html" target="_hplink">reports</a>: Bill Maher has so far <a href="http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/09/18/odonnell-witchcraft-politically-incorrect_n_722035.html" target="_hplink">kept his promise to air an embarrassing clip</a> of Tea Party favorite and Delaware Republican Senate candidate Christine O'Donnell every week that she refuses to be a guest on his HBO show, "Real Time." Last night Maher showed a video from an appearance she made in 1998 on his old program "Politically Incorrect" in which <a href="http://thinkprogress.org/2010/09/24/odonnell-evolution-maher/" target="_hplink">she calls evolution "a myth"</a> and backs up her claim with the question: if evolution is real, "why aren't monkeys still evolving into humans?" This latest uncovered statement comes on the heels of a clip unearthed from an old "Scarborough Country" episode in which <a href="http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/09/24/christine-odonnell-will-s_n_738276.html" target="_hplink">she insists that we stop the whole nation from having sex.</a> Since she was a guest on Maher's previous show 22 times, it's unlikely that the steady stream of past statements coming to light will stop any time soon. For more on Christine O'Donnell's controversial statements and positions, click here and here.
Christians are disguising themselves by borrowing hijabs to escape the ISIS militants holding 1,500 people hostage in a besieged Philippines town.
More than three weeks after Islamist militants stormed the southern Filipino town of Marawi, starving locals are said to have resorted to extreme measures including eating their blankets to stay alive.
The civilians trapped in battle-torn neighbourhoods are being driven to daring escapes by the threat of capture, starvation and bombing by the military.
Five police officers and five Christian civilians dashed across the town's commercial district this morning, ducking for cover from a sniper, to reach a government-controlled area on the Agus River western bank.
Christians are disguising themselves by borrowing hijabs to escape the ISIS militants (pictured) holding 1,500 people hostage in a besieged Philippines town
Islamist militants stormed the southern Filipino town of Marawi (pictured) more than three weeks ago
Starving locals are said to have resorted to extreme measures to stay alive, including eating their blankets
'We ran the last part,' said First Officer Lumna Lidasan, 44. 'We could see the bridge ahead of us. We had to take cover several times when we saw a sniper.'
Almost the entire population of more than 200,000 fled after May 23, when fighters from local groups allied to ISIS rampaged through the Muslim-majority town, killing and kidnapping Christians.
The military estimates that, as the siege enters its fourth week, between 300 and 600 civilians are still trapped or being held as human shields in neighbourhoods occupied by the militants.
The insurgents have been suppressing government troops with skilled snipers, rocket-propelled grenades and high-velocity assault weapons, according to Philippine army officials.
Those stuck in their homes have no running water or electricity and many are near starvation, said Zia Alonto Adiong, a local politician managing rescue and relief efforts.
He said that in a text message pleading for help, one family said they had 'started to eat their blankets'.
Almost the entire population of more than 200,000 fled after May 23, when fighters from local groups allied to ISIS rampaged through the Muslim-majority town
The military estimates that, as the siege enters its fourth week, between 300 and 600 civilians are still trapped
Those stuck in their homes have no running water or electricity and many are near starvation
Local politician Zia Alonto Adiong told of how one family said they had 'started to eat their blankets'
'They are crossing the bridge, taking the risk, because they don't have any option - either they die inside the house or they die getting out,' he told reporters on Monday.
At least 100 people have made their way out on foot, braving volleys of sniper fire, said Adiong. Others have swum across the river or town-side lake to safety, according to relief workers.
Doctors treating those who escaped say they have been struck by the resilience of people who spent weeks surviving in a conflict zone and witnessing horrific violence.
'Some of the stories that stuck were Muslims helping protect Christian workers by letting them borrow a hijab,' said Dr Gioia Ancheta, head of the psychosocial therapy team.
As they approached the bridge on Tuesday morning, officer Lidasan could see troops waiting on the other side.
Terrified, but realising there was no turning back, the police officers and the Christians they had protected for three weeks, raced across the 25m stretch with no cover from snipers nesting in the town's tall buildings.
At least 100 people have made their way out on foot, braving volleys of sniper fire. Pictured: ISIS fighters who stormed the city
Others are said to have borrowed hijabs from Muslims to disguise themselves as they made their escape: Pictured: An ISIS flag flies high in the city, left, while militants patrol the streets, right
Police officers and the Christians they had protected for three weeks raced across the 25m stretch with no cover from snipers
THOUSANDS OF CHILDREN STRANDED IN PHILIPPINES International children's charity World Vision has warned thousands of children have been left shell-shocked and traumatised by continuous fighting in the Philippines city of Marawi. The charity's humanitarian experts say over 100,000 children have been displaced by the conflict that has been raging on for more than two weeks. Thousands of them are paying a heavy price due to the unrest, with many now needing psychological first aid after experiencing and witnessing alarming levels of violence. Six-year-old Princess had been looking forward to her school opening again but that day now seems a long way off. More than 100,000 children, including six-year-old Princess (pictured), have been displaced by the conflict that has been raging on for more than two weeks Princess had been looking forward to her school opening again but that day now seems a long way off 'I was hoping to see my friends and my favorite teacher,' she said. 'I'm sad that I can't go back to school,' she added as she sketched the home she and her family were forced to leave. Meanwhile Rosela told of how here two-year-old daughter Mercy cried every time she heard gunshots and explosions. She went on: 'Life is not easy here but I'm glad were all alive. I don't want to go back to Marawi yet. 'I'm afraid that the conflict will happen again and I don't want my children to go through the same experience.' Ligaya Munez, World Vision's Programmes Manager in Mindanao, said they are setting up child-friendly spaces to provide psychological first aid to children affected by the crisis. Thousands of children have been left shell-shocked by continuous fighting in Marawi, including Mercy (pictured) who cries every time she hears gunshots She added: 'We've been going around evacuation centres and we've seen the struggles of the displaced children. 'We hope that through CFS, we can somehow give a sense of normalcy to the children. 'Aside from the humid environment and being unable to go to school, some children are still in shock from the gunshots and loud explosions they heard in Marawi.'
'We don't think about ourselves, we think about the safety of the civilians,' said Lidasan, tears welling in his eyes as he recounted the story to reporters later.
Of the five Christians, who were in Marawi on a construction job when the crisis began, one was shot in the leg by sniper fire on Monday night as the group began their escape. Others were injured by cement kicked up by bullets.
'We crawled because snipers were shooting at us. I was wounded by splinters of cement hit by sniper bullets,' said Mateo Velasquez, 33.
'My belt bag was hit by a bullet. I thank the money, the coins hit by the bullet.'
The ten men had been trapped since the siege began in a bungalow with its own cellar.
They had basic supplies of dried noodles, canned goods and rice, but had to make a regular 'suicide mission' to find water, said Lidasan.
Militants patrolled nearby but they managed to stay hidden until they made their dash for freedom.
Of the five Christians who were in Marawi on a construction job when the crisis began, one was shot in the leg by sniper fire
Others were injured by cement kicked up by bullet as they began their escape from the embattled town
The ten men had been trapped since the siege began in a bungalow with its own cellar
Most of those in a larger group of 18 civilians were not so lucky, according to a report from the military on Tuesday.
Militants knocked on the door of a house where they were hunkered down, prompting them all to flee through the back door and head towards the river.
'The terrorists ran after them and indiscriminately fired at them, killing five of the civilians and taking the remaining eight as hostages,' it said.
Sycamore, Illinois (CNN) Cheers erupted in the courtroom nearly four years ago when a judge found Jack McCullough guilty of the 1957 kidnapping and murder of Maria Ridulph. Many believed that the bogeyman who stole the 7-year-old -- and this community's sense of innocence and safety -- had finally been brought to justice.
But on Friday, a prosecutor will tell a judge for the third time in as many weeks that McCullough is innocent . He will join McCullough's lawyers in asking Judge William Brady to throw out the conviction. And then the prosecutor, Richard Schmack, will move to dismiss the case, he has said, allowing McCullough to go free.
McCullough, now 76, was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison in 2012; an Illinois appeals court upheld the conviction last year.
But that conviction, Schamck insists, was based on false testimony, improper legal rulings controlling the evidence presented, and a timeline that was tweaked some 50 years after the fact to rule out McCullough's alibi.
McCullough has long insisted that he couldn't possibly have abducted and killed the child because he was 40 miles away in Rockford, Illinois, talking to recruiters and trying to enlist in the U.S. Air Force.
Schmack, the DeKalb County state's attorney, inherited the case from predecessor Clay Campbell. He took a second look at the evidence as McCullough pushed ahead with a last-ditch appeal. The jailhouse motion, written by hand in neat block letters, said police and prosecutors buried evidence supporting his alibi.
Schmack launched a six-month investigation that included a review of some 4,500 pages of documents -- old police and FBI reports, grand jury transcripts, trial transcripts, affidavits for search and arrest warrants, and even CNN's five-part series on the case, "Taken," which raised questions about whether the courtroom reconstruction of history was unfairly one-sided.
Schmack concluded that he'd found "clear and convincing evidence" that McCullough had been convicted of a crime he didn't commit.
The prosecutor subpoenaed records from AT&T and found that a collect call had indeed been placed at 6:57 p.m. to McCullough's home in Sycamore from a pay phone at the post office in downtown Rockford on on December 3, 1957-- just as McCullough said he had done. Schmack also built a timeline based on the statements of 21 people -- Maria Ridulph's family members, friends, neighbors and passersby -- that confirmed the FBI's original timeline ruling McCullough out as a suspect.
Maria Ridulph was taken from a street corner in Sycamore, Illinois, in December 1957.
Maria was taken that day some time between 6:45 and 7 p.m. -- and not as early as 6 p.m., as alleged during McCullough's trial.
It would have been impossible for him to have been in two places at once.
Schmack's timeline was framed around one indisputable fact: the 6:57 p.m. phone call. And he worked to pin down the last time Maria was seen on the corner of Center Cross Street and Archie Place. She had accepted two piggyback rides from a young man who gave his name as "Johnny," and had retrieved a doll to show him. When playmate Kathy Sigman returned from a quick trip home to fetch her mittens, she said, both Maria and Johnny were gone.
Family members and friends recalled in 1957 that they were watching "Cheyenne" and "Name That Tune" -- television shows that began at 6:30 p.m.-- while the girls played outside on the corner. And so, Schmack says, it was impossible that Maria was taken before 6:30.
Maria's mother, Frances Ridulph, drove to the Sycamore police station and reported her daughter missing at 8:10 p.m. Some 600 people searched through the night for the girl, and the FBI took over the case the next morning. Maria's body was found 144 days later, under a fallen tree more than 100 miles from Sycamore.
McCullough's new lawyers, who are defending him without compensation, initially sought a new trial. They asked for the chance to retry the case with the benefit of all the evidence, including 1957 FBI reports that show he was cleared after his alibi checked out. The FBI reports had been barred from his trial as inadmissible "hearsay." But, as an appeals court found, they could have come in as "ancient documents" because they are more than 20 years old. Still, the appeals court upheld McCullough's murder conviction, saying that the ruling barring the reports was "harmless error" that would not have affected the outcome of the trial. (It reversed the convictions for kidnapping and abduction of an infant because of legal technicalities unrelated to the judge's rulings on the evidence.)
But as Friday's hearing approached, McCullough's lawyers also asked for a finding of innocence and his immediate release. They noted in court papers that the request is unopposed.
Prosecutor Richard Schmack reviewed the conviction and wants McCullough freed.
In court papers filed earlier this week, Schmack asked Brady to find McCullough "factually innocent." Barring any unforeseen twists -- and this case has been full of them -- McCullough could walk out of the courthouse a free man, once again cloaked in the presumption of innocence, his lawyers say.
Chicago attorneys Gabe Fuentes and Shaun Van Horn joined the defense late last month. Earlier this week, they filed their formal appeal, giving it a weighty title: "Amended post-conviction petition demonstrating actual innocence."
It relies heavily on Schmack's findings: "Newly discovered evidence has emerged to corroborate his Rockford alibi and to show the falsity of the evidence offered by the state about the time of the abduction in Sycamore," they stated in court filings. "The FBI accurately concluded, following an extensive and thorough investigation in 1957, that Maria Ridulph was abducted near the corner of Center Cross and Archie in Sycamore, Illinois, between 6:45 and 7 p.m. on December 3, 1957."
The state's theory that the girl was kidnapped earlier was pure conjecture, McCullough's lawyers insist. "There was not then, nor is there now, a reasonable hypothesis for, or evidence supporting, an earlier time for the abduction" in any of the police and FBI reports from 1957-58.
"The FBI accurately concluded in 1957 that it is an absolute physical impossibility for anyone to have placed a collect call from inside this public building in Rockford at 6:57 p.m. and also to have participated in the abduction of Maria Ridulph in Sycamore, and there was nothing incorrect in their conclusion that (McCullough) was not involved."
Rather than challenging the assertion, as a prosecutor would in almost any other case, Schmack joined McCullough's lawyers in asking Brady to throw out the conviction.
He said he believes McCullough is innocent and won't be seeking to retry him. Instead, his court papers state he will dismiss the case with prejudice, meaning the charges can't be brought again.
Charles Ridulph, the slain girl's brother, explains why he's requesting a special prosecutor.
Charles Ridulph, the slain girl's older brother, filed a last-minute request for a continuance. He said an attorney he recently hired can't be in Sycamore for the hearing. He is seeking appointment of a special prosecutor.
Ridulph has accused Schmack of "abandoning" Maria, just as her killer abandoned her in the woods. He has said the prosecutor is acting more like a defense attorney.
But McCullough's lawyers, while expressing empathy for Ridulph, insist in court filings that he has no standing under Illinois law to make the special prosecutor request. Special prosecutors are appointed only if a prosecutor has a conflict of interest, either financially or personally.
A special prosecutor can't be appointed simply because a victim's family disagrees with the decision, they said.
"Despite the understandable grief that Mr. Ridulph feels for the loss of his sister and emotional turmoil that the discovery of Mr. McCullough's innocence has caused him, Petitioner Jack D. McCullough's life and freedom are at stake amid the prosecutor's conclusion of his actual innocence," his lawyers wrote.
Brady has indicated that he won't be rushed in his decision since the circumstances surrounding the case are so unusual that there's no legal precedent for him to follow.
"I have some obligation to make sure I understand the position of both parties," Brady said at the last court hearing, on April 1. "I don't just have your opinion or your client's opinion, and the state's opinion. I also have the opinion of a trial judge and an appellate court. I think it's premature for me to start commenting on what I think about any of that."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Iranian-born US engineer and astronaut Anousheh Ansari read out Farhadi's statement
Iranian director Asghar Farhadi has condemned President Donald Trump's "inhumane" travel ban on immigrants, as his movie, The Salesman, won the best foreign language film Oscar.
Farhadi boycotted the ceremony, with two Iranian-Americans representing him.
"Dividing the world into the US and 'our enemies' categories creates fear," his acceptance statement read.
US courts have blocked the travel ban but the Trump administration is preparing a new executive order.
The original ban temporarily prohibited the entry of immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries.
One of those chosen by Farhadi to represent him, Iranian-born US engineer and astronaut Anousheh Ansari, read out his acceptance statement.
The statement read: "My absence is out of respect for the people of my country and those of the other six nations who have been disrespected by the inhumane law that bans entry of immigrants to the US.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The Salesman was shown on a screen in London's Trafalgar Square on Sunday
"Dividing the world into the US and 'our enemies' categories creates fear. A deceitful justification for aggression and war.
"Filmmakers can turn their cameras to capture shared human qualities and break stereotypes of various nationalities and religions. They create empathy between us and others. An empathy which we need today more than ever."
'Stand in solidarity'
The Salesman tells the story of a married couple who are appearing in a local production of Arthur Miller's play Death of a Salesman and whose lives are thrown into turmoil after the wife is attacked while alone at home, sparking the husband to seek revenge.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Asghar Farhadi sent a recorded message to those watching the London screening
All six directors nominated in the best foreign language film category had signed a statement before the ceremony condemning a "climate of fascism" in the US.
Farhadi, whose movie A Separation won the same category in 2012, had organised a free screening of The Salesman in London's Trafalgar Square on Sunday.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan told the crowds: "President Trump cannot silence me. We stand in solidarity with Asghar Farhadi, one of the world's greatest directors."
In a recorded message, Farhadi said: "Despite our different religions, cultures and nationalities, we are all citizens of the world."
Donald Trump's original executive order, signed on 27 January, said that all travellers with the nationality of Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen were not permitted to enter the US for 90 days, or be issued an immigrant or non-immigrant visa.
Mr Trump said the order was not about religion, adding: "This is about terror and keeping our country safe."
The order was suspended after the Washington State attorney general argued it violated a clause in the US constitution. Subsequent rulings have rejected reinstating the order.
Syrian winner denied entry
The Syrian cinematographer of The White Helmets, a Netflix film that won the best short documentary Oscar, was unable to attend the ceremony because he was denied entry to the US by immigration authorities.
Khaled Khateeb, who shot much of the footage of the volunteer search and rescue workers risking their lives in Syria's civil war, was prevented from flying to Los Angeles from Istanbul on Saturday.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Joanna Natasegara and Orlando von Einsiedel urged the audience to applaud the White Helmets
The Associated Press reported that US officials had found "derogatory information" - a category that could include anything from terrorist connections to passport irregularities.
Director Orlando von Einsiedel and producer Joanna Natasegara read out a statement by Khateeb after accepting the award on Sunday night.
"We're so grateful that this film has highlighted our work to the world," Khateeb wrote.
"I invite anyone here who hears me to work on the side of life, to stop the bloodshed in Syria and around the world," he added.
The audience then gave a standing ovation as von Einsiedel made his own appeal.
"It is very easy for these guys to feel they are forgotten," he said. "This war has been going on for six years. If everyone could just stand up and remind them that we all care that this war ends as quickly as possible."
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Four Brampton CFL players could be on the move next season with the league's free agent signing period approaching.
On Thursday (Dec. 3) the league released the list of players who will become free agents if they do not sign with their current teams by the Feb. 9 deadline. The best known is running back Jerome Messam, who was the league's Most Outstanding Canadian (MOC) with Edmonton in 2011.
The former Notre Dame star enjoyed a career rebirth in 2015, mostly with the Saskatchewan Roughriders before being traded to the Calgary Stampeders on trade deadline day. Messam has said that he would like to remain with Calgary and the Stampeders would also like to keep him especially after their other star, Canadian running back Jon Cornish, announced he is retiring because of a series of injuries.
Defensive linemen Junior Turner, a graduate of St. Thomas Aquinas, is also a potential free agent for the Stampeders. Turner had a great season for Calgary and was the team's nominee for MOC. He even filled in on the offensive line when the Stamps had injuries there.
Spellcasters and swordswingers rejoice, you don't have to choose between the two anymore!
In this week's update I present the first 5 levels of the magus class. Like the early draft of the scholar we revealed last month, the magus is still in development and may change quite a bit from today's version. If I finish it at all! That's not to say it's unlikely the magus will see a final version it's just to say that as I work on the next round of the scholar and the magus I will probably start to focus on just one of the two for the next couple months.
The magus is the Sterling Vermin Adventuring Co.'s attempt at a pretty popular concept, an adventurer who mixes martial prowess with magical talent. You can play it using the Player's Handbook with the Eldritch Knight archetype for fighter, using the Sword Coast Adventurer's Guide with the Bladesinging Arcane Tradition for wizard, or using one of the 6 billion homebrews and 3rd party versions available on the internet. Given that there are so many versions out there a case could be made that another version is just unnecessary.
What the magus does that other versions of the concept don't do is broadens the concept out to be more inclusive. D&D 5e classes do a great job of covering really broad strokes that can then be refined into compelling archetypes with…err…archetypes. The magus' archetypes define the type of magic they use allowing players to be a more traditional arcane spell casting sword mage or replicating 4th editions seeker class with druidic magic, bow, and arrows. Between a magus' Eldritch Society, which determines the magic they practice, and Martial Magic Style, which determines their combat style of choice, the magus class can hold a lot of different character concepts normally unavailable in the swordmage concept.
With that out of the way, check it out!
the Magus, Early Draft
UPDATE: the Magus Class Now Available on the DM's Guild
If you're interested in following along with edits as they occur throughout the next week, check out the thread on the Magus at our subreddit.
/r/sterlingvermin the Magus, Early Draft
No, this won't be the roster the Blue Jays use for all 162 games, and it probably won't even be the roster they use a week from now, but if you're wondering about what the Blue Jays did to their roster today despite it seeming like a bunch of backwards decisions, you aren't alone.
12 PM Eastern was the deadline for the team to set its opening day roster, and the Blue Jays did so by designating Mike Bolsinger for assignment, selecting the contract of Jarrod Saltalamacchia, releasing Melvin Upton Jr., recalling Dominic Leone from Buffalo, and placing Roberto Osuna, Dalton Pompey, Bo Schultz, and Glenn Sparman on the disabled list with various injuries. These moves meant that the out of options Ryan Goins made the team while Ryan Tepera got the last spot in the bullpen. Yes, Ryan Goins, he of the career -1.2 WARP, beat out Melvin Upton for the final position player spot on the Blue Jays roster. Why? Well, it's a confusing decision, but according to a club source, this was the thinking involved:
The Blue Jays were listening to trade offers on both Upton and Goins recently, trying to gauge the market for the two players they needed to choose from for the last roster spot. While the market for Upton was non-existent, the market for Goins was actually pretty decent, with multiple teams making offers for the 29-year-old utility man. One American League team was even intent on trading for Goins and giving him a short term starting role before settling him into their utility role once their club returned to health. However, despite multiple names being tossed around, the two clubs were not able to come to agreement that the Blue Jays liked. So, the Blue Jays decided to release Melvin Upton, and hold on to Goins, knowing that a lot of teams won't even want to pick up Upton for the remainder of his 2017 contract, and there is a good chance that he re-signs with the club and heads to the minors. For Goins on the other hand, the interest in him is still viable, and even though he secured his spot on the Blue Jays opening day roster, he may still be traded.
The Blue Jays were targeting catchers in their trade talks, hoping to upgrade on Jarrod Saltalamacchia before purchasing his contract and making it guaranteed for the 2017 season. With that deadline officially gone, you can expect the club to stop their pursuit of a backup catcher, despite their internal concerns with his throwing ability.
With the current roster, the Blue Jays plan on handing the bulk of left field playing time to Steve Pearce. Although the coaches do really like Ezequiel Carrera, they like him a lot more off of the bench than they do as a starter. That leaves the Blue Jays with Justin Smoak playing at first base, Steve Pearce in left field, and Zeke off of the bench. Although that doesn't seem ideal, if the Blue Jays had kept Upton, it would have been the same thing but Smoak would have been on the bench as well. The Blue Jays in effect chose Justin Smoak over Melvin Upton. That decision, although questionable, actually makes a lot more sense.
Over the past three seasons, Smoak has been the better hitter, slashing .216/.297/.403 to Upton's .229/.295/.377, and the Blue Jays like his defense at first base a lot more than they like Upton's in the corner outfield spots. They thought Upton was much more comfortable in centre field, a position currently occupied by Kevin Pillar, who isn't going anywhere anytime soon. With Darrell Ceciliani available in Buffalo to play left field or centre field, and the newly acquired Chris Coghlan also in Buffalo, the Blue Jays felt comfortable enough with the outfield depth to let go of Upton, especially given they believe they have a strong chance to retain him.
The danger of the Blue Jays decisions today is that they are relying on Steve Pearce, a player who has played over 100 games in a season just once in his career, to stay healthy. Obviously the club is the organization that knows his health the best, and if they feel comfortable making that decision, it seems like it could be a smart one. Pearce has praised the work of the high performance department, and has said he feels different because of them. Whether that carries into the regular season, and for how long, remains to be seen.
Lastly, the question of Angel Pagan still remains. The Blue Jays have the money to spend on Pagan because he represents a clear upgrade, but Pagan wants a team where he can be guaranteed a starting spot. He's still a free agent because of that, and despite the Blue Jays having tried to sign him, he refuses to agree to sign with them because they will not guarantee that starting left field job. If Pagan moves off of these demands, Pagan could still find his way to Toronto, though the club source indicated he doesn't view it as very likely at this point.
There you have it. That's the decision making that went into releasing Melvin Upton and keeping Ryan Goins. Will it work out? Who knows. But there is always more than meets the eye, and just because the season starts tomorrow, doesn't mean Ross Atkins is going to stop working to improve.
Lead Photo: © Kim Klement-USA TODAY Sports
The fight that erupted today between Level 3 (s lvlt) and Comcast (s cmcsa) involves an esoteric agreement between two of the Internet's big players colliding with a series of equally arcane policy arguments, but at its core this fight is about money. Yet what began as a commercial dispute may end up fundamentally changing how the web works and who pays for it.
So what's the issue? Level 3 told the world that Comcast had hit it up for more money in order to deliver traffic from Level 3's customers (such as Netflix) (s nflx) to Comcast's 17 million broadband subscribers. Level 3 said Comcast's demand for more dough violated the principles of the Open Internet, which is shorthand for net neutrality. On the other side, Comcast, said Level 3 was trying to sell itself as a CDN while not having to pay fees to Comcast as other CDNs do. In short Level 3, was calling itself a CDN to its customers and a backbone provider to Comcast. This (plus the fact that Level 3 owns one of the largest Internet backbone networks) enabled it to undercut its competitors in the CDN business because it didn't have to pay the fees that Akamai (s akam) or Limelight (s llnw) did to get content onto Comcast's network.
Advertisement
For example, Level 3 even told people back in 2007 that it could deliver CDN services for the same price as Internet access, a feat made possible because it owned its own networks. So when Comcast pointed out the traffic Level 3 was sending to its network would more than double to reach a 5:1 ratio when compared to the Comcast traffic sent over Level 3?s network, it was justifying its decision to act, something covered in Comcast's peering agreement . (For detailed analysis of Comcast's peering agreement check out this post from Vijay Gill.)
Peering is the face of this issue — the idea that Internet Service Provider A allow traffic from similarly sized and loaded networks to traverse its own for free because ISP A‘s traffic gets a pass when it's on networks owned by ISP B or ISP C. However, the soul of this issue is how it exposes how uncompetitive the nation's broadband networks really are. The very threat that Level 3 alleges Comcast made — essentially that Level 3 could accept the proposed fee or Comcast wouldn't deliver Level 3's content — should lead to concern.
This is a problem the Congress and regulators cannot ignore. Just as in the recent retransmission fights in the pay TV world, these rumblings between giant companies leaves consumers in the lurch, even though they've actually paid for access to the Internet — that is, the whole Internet, not one approved by Comcast or some other company. The problem, of course, is lack of competition in the broadband markets.
For the consumers who aren't confused by their inability to access certain content and decide to switch to a provider working with Level 3, there aren't a lot of choices. Typically, areas have only two ISPs — a cable company and a telco — and many ISPs are now offering service with annual contracts which could lock a consumer in. Plus, what happens if AT&T (s T) or Verizon (s vz) decide to address this imbalance of traffic with Level 3? It is, after all, fairly common for there to be an imbalance of traffic given that consumers tend to request data from Level 3 and backbone providers far more often than they upload content to Level 3's end customers.
It's not far-fetched, given that by getting Level 3 to pay more for delivering a CDN service that essentially is the same as its Internet access, but does send more Level 3-specific traffic onto Comcast's network, Comcast is getting Level 3 to pay for the increase in traffic on its network. One can wonder if Akamai's CDN fees are calculated on the traffic it sends to an ISP or how much space its servers take up in the ISP's data center, but with Level 3 and Comcast, there's no need to wonder. It's about the traffic. This idea of content providers paying ISPs to deliver the traffic to consumers, while consumers pay ISPs for access to the pipe isn't a new one.
If that flies, then companies such as Google (s goog) or Hulu may find themselves paying more for peering. That's great for the ISPs, but again, it's not like there are myriad opportunities for a company like Google to exert its market power short of building its own networks. For example, if a large content provider wants its services to reach folks in Rochester, N.Y., it has to work with either Frontier or Time Warner Cable (s twc). So while Comcast and Level 3 fight their commercial disagreement over peering in the press and possibly in front of regulators, the real people to suffer will be those who depend on the web. Not because Comcast has decided to call Level 3 on it being a CDN, but because of the lack of real competition in our broadband networks.
Yup, we have a problem!
Related GigaOM Pro Content (sub req'd):
Getty Scientists have successfully cryogenicaly frozen a brain
In a step towards eternal life, researchers from 21st Century Medicine (21CM) managed to freeze the brain of a rabbit using a technique known as Aldehyde-stabilized cryopreservation (ASC). The team, led by recent Massachusetts Institute of Technology graduate Robert McIntyre, wrote in a press release: "Using a combination of ultrafast chemical fixation and cryogenic storage, it is the first demonstration that near perfect, long-term structural preservation of an intact mammalian brain is achievable.”
Getty Scientists preserved a rabbit brain
They achieved this by filling the vascular system of the brain with chemicals that are designed to halt the decaying process, and then froze it to -135 degrees celsius. When the brain was warmed, the scientists found that the majority of its cell membranes, synapses and structures were still in tact and ready to function. A statement read: “The key breakthrough was the quick perfusion of a deadly chemical fixative (glutaraldehyde) through the brain's vascular system, rapidly stopping metabolic decay and fixing proteins in place by covalent crosslinks.”
Getty Cryogenics
Getty
Kenneth Hayworth, the Brain Preservation Foundation president, said: "Every neuron and synapse looks beautifully preserved across the entire brain. “Simply amazing given that I held in my hand this very same brain when it was vitrified glassy solid... This is not your father's cryonics.”
Chris Schneider/Dish
Dish Network was a surprise heavy hitter in the recent government auction for wireless spectrum. But the satellite TV provider doesn't offer wireless service, so what gives?
That's what's left industry observers scratching their heads and consumers wondering if Dish could be their next option for wireless service.
Dish spent $6.2 billion in the Federal Communications Commission's 600 megahertz wireless auction, which ended last week, second only to T-Mobile. This isn't the first time Dish has played in the auction, with the company having accumulated a treasure trove of spectrum in several past auctions.
Those assets, enough to put it on par with a national carrier, could mean Dish plans to offer its own wireless service. Hey, Comcast is already giving it a shot. But given the value of the 600MHz spectrum, which are lower-frequency radio airwaves that're great at ferrying your cat video through walls and across great distances, Dish also could be turning itself into a valuable acquisition target. Some warn, though, that its vast holdings may scare off potential buyers.
"Too much of a good thing can be bad if it reduces the number of strategic options," Amy Yong, an analyst from Macquarie Research, said in a research note this week. Ouch.
Either way, Dish could shake up what your wireless options look like in the years ahead. Its spectrum could bolster the coverage of wireless players like Verizon Wireless or T-Mobile, giving you better indoor signals in more places. Dish breaking out on its own or partnering with Comcast could theoretically give you a more legitimate option outside of the big four national carriers.
It's already a screwy time in the wireless industry. Dominant players AT&T and Verizon are trying to transform themselves into entertainment companies, while Comcast is doing the opposite. T-Mobile, once in last place, now outstrips the rest of the industry in subscriber growth.
Dish said last month in a filing with the FCC (PDF) that it plans to use those licenses to build a network for the internet of things. Analysts have been skeptical of Dish's plan, however, though some are starting to think the company may build its own network.
Dish declined to comment on its plans.
Here's a look at what the possibilities could be for the company, and what it might mean for you.
Acquisition or partnership?
Dish has long been rumored as an acquisition target for a wireless player. But it's never been clear who would buy it. That question has become even tougher to answer since the auction results have been released. Let's take a look at the possibilities.
Verizon
Rumors have circulated for a while that Verizon may be interested in buying Dish, largely due to its spectrum. But Verizon has made it clear it isn't looking for any more low-band wireless spectrum. In fact, it sat out the latest auction.
The company is more focused on building its 5G wireless service, which requires higher-frequency spectrum. Verizon may be interested in Dish's Sling TV streaming service though. Verizon hasn't seen much success with its Go90 video service and could beef up its TV offering with Sling to compete more aggressively with AT&T's DirecTV Now service and Comcast.
T-Mobile
A deal with T-Mobile might be the least likely pairing for Dish. T-Mobile, after all, just got its fill of spectrum from the same auction. But the company could be interested in Dish's midband spectrum holdings, which work at a higher frequency and are better at offering higher speeds. T-Mobile could find that useful for keeping up with subscriber demand for unlimited data.
T-Mobile might also see Dish's Sling TV service as a great opportunity, Yong said. In a research note published last week, she said T-Mobile could rebrand Dish's Sling TV, which lets you watch live TV over the internet for far less than the cost of a cable subscription. Sling could prove to be more valuable with T-Mobile's stronger brand and customer affinity.
Comcast
Another possibility is that Dish could get broken up instead of being sold outright. If that were the case, Comcast might be interested in some of its spectrum. Comcast has plans to launch its own wireless service later this year, which will use a combination of its Wi-Fi hotspots and the cellular service it resells from Verizon. There's some chatter that Verizon and Comcast may merge. But if that doesn't happen, and Comcast sees success with its wireless service, it may be in the market for more spectrum. It could buy spectrum from Dish.
Dish as wireless operator
Though it's fun to speculate on deals, analysts believe Dish's shopping spree may've killed the company's chances for a sale or partnership.
"They have self-evidently chosen to pay more for the spectrum than the companies to whom they could eventually sell that spectrum," according to a MoffettNathanson note. "The auction leaves them looking more like a builder than a seller."
It's pretty unlikely that consumers will be buying Dish cell phone service, but you may be connecting other smart devices to its network in the coming years.
A network designed for phone service is possible, but extremely expensive. That's why Dish is likely looking at the internet of things.
Dish already began raising money through a debt offering to build a network. And in March it filed documents with the FCC (PDF) describing its plans to use some of its spectrum holdings to deploy a "5G" network that could be used to connect various machines and devices across the internet.
What would this look like? Dish could sell service to municipalities for internet connected parking meters. It could sell capacity to appliance makers like Samsung or to power companies to help consumers better manage their energy costs. Medical equipment makers or health care systems could use the network for remote patient monitoring.
Dish hasn't ruled out pursuing other partnerships in the meantime. In its filing with the FCC, it said it's still "exploring joint build partnerships that could reduce overall network deployment costs for Dish."
One thing's likely: Whatever Dish ends up doing will probably surprise us all.
Solving for XX: The industry seeks to overcome outdated ideas about "women in tech."
CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition.
IMPORTANT NOTE: Downsize DC has done no telemarketing solicitations in the last five years. If you recently received a phone call asking for funds by someone identifying themselves as a representative of Downsize DC, please hit Reply and tell us about it. Thank you.
Quote of the Day:
“Statism is arrogance wedded to violence.”
— Perry Willis, Co-Founder, Downsize DC
Please tell Congress to save a young boy's life . . .
Eight-year-old John Owen Dumm suffers from Duchenne muscular dystrophy. The disease has already taken a toll on him and may kill him if it remains untreated. Fortunately, a treatment now exists…
The drug is called Eteplirsen.
Several tests have shown it to be safe and effective.
But it hasn't yet run the entire FDA gauntlet, so it remains unavailable to John Owen Dumm.
Sadly, this is an old problem. Untold numbers have died while waiting for the FDA to approve treatments. We are fighting this.
We have a campaign asking Congress to make the FDA's rulings advisory only. Families and their doctors must be free to make their own choices.
This is consistent with our overall support for consumer-controlled government. Citizens must be allowed to choose what services they want from The State. They should not have things forced upon them with threats of violence.
Individual conscience must rule.
John Owen Dumm's family has made their assessment. They want Eteplirsen. It is evil for the FDA to deny them their right to choose. Please use our FDA campaign to ask Congress to intervene on John Owen Dumm's behalf. The hardwired letter for that campaign reads…
Make the FDA advisory, not mandatory.
Add to this the following letter (or some edited version of it)…
Pending this legislative change in the FDA's ability to control the people it presumes to serve, please tell the FDA to approve the drug Eteplirsen for use by those suffering from Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
I ask this on behalf of John Owen Dumm from North Royalton, Ohio, and for every other child who suffers from this terrible disease.
I know the FDA can approve Eteplirsen quickly. It did this for the HIV drug cocktail. Without that decision AIDS would have killed millions. The HIV success happened because public demand caused Congress to pressure the FDA. In other words….
**I know you can save children like John Owen Dumm by intervening with the FDA on their behalf.**
Must children like John Owen Dumm die because their disease lacks the political clout to touch your conscience?
Be clear about this: It is morally permissible for the FDA to advise, but morally wrong for it to dictate. Treatment choices belong to individuals, not presumptuous guardians who use threats of violent punishment to impose their arrogant preferences.
Please contact the FDA today. I am told that it is best to directly question…
Russell G. Katz, MD
Director, Neuropharmacological Drug Products
Food and Drug Administration
You need to do no research. What the parents want is all that matters!
In fact, I don't want you to insult me by writing back with any justifications for denying the Dumm family what they want.
— END —
You can easily send your letter to Congress using Downsize DC's Educate the Powerful System.
If you're interested in taking further direct action, please write a personal appeal to Dr. Katz (title and office division are provided in the letter above). Send your letter to his attention at…
10903 New Hampshire Ave
Silver Spring, MD 20993
Thank you for your prompt action to save John Owen Dumm's life.
Jim Babka
President
DownsizeDC.org, Inc.
You can follow Jim Babka on Twitter @JimBabka
comments
Email Share +1 930 Shares
A Roman Catholic priest working as a chaplain at D.C.'s Washington Hospital Center refused to give last rites and communion to a heart attack patient earlier this month after the patient told him he's gay and believes Pope Francis is sympathetic to gay people, the patient told the Blade.
D.C. resident Ronald Plishka, 63, a retired travel agent and lifelong Catholic, said he asked a nurse to arrange for a priest to see him on Feb. 7, one day after he was admitted by ambulance to the hospital emergency room for a heart attack. He said that at the time he wasn't sure he would survive.
A short time later, Plishka said, Father Brian Coelho, a priest assigned to the hospital's Department of Spiritual Care, arrived at his bedside. He said Coelho offered to take his confession before proceeding with communion and last rites, which the church now calls the sacrament of anointing of the sick.
“We started talking and I told him I was so happy with this new Pope because of his comments about the gays and his accepting the gays,” Plishka said. “And I mentioned that I was gay. I said it and then I asked him does that bother you? And he said, ‘Oh, no, that does not bother me,'” said Plishka.
“But then he would not proceed with administering the last rites or communion. He couldn't do it.”
According to Plishka, Coelho, who brought a supply of holy water to his hospital room, never said in so many words that he was refusing to administer communion and last rites.
Asked what Coelho told him, Plishka said, “Well, I mean he stopped. He would not do it. By him not doing it assumed he would not do it because why was he getting ready to do it and all of a sudden when I say I'm gay he stops?”
Plishka said Coelho gave no reason for not giving him the sacraments he requested but offered instead to pray with him.
“He said what he wanted to do,” said Plishka. “He wanted to pray. That's what he wanted to do. He said well I could pray with you. And I just told him to get the fuck out of here — excuse me. But that's what I told him.”
The patient with whom he shared the hospital room overheard some of what was said and asked him, “What in the name of God happened?,” Plishka said.
“And then the doctors came in and told me to calm down or I'm going to have another heart attack,” he said.
Coelho, whose photo appears in the Washington Hospital Center's online staff directory of hospital chaplains, did not return a call from the Blade seeking comment on his interaction with Plishka.
So Young Pak, Washington Hospital Center's director of media relations, said the Archdiocese of Washington assigned Coelho to serve as a Catholic chaplain at the hospital. She said the hospital did not hire Coelho.
Pak released a statement to the Blade saying the hospital cannot comment on the specifics of the interaction between Coelho and Plishka “because we were not a party to it.”
But her statement says the hospital is taking “our patient's concerns very seriously.” She said the Human Rights Campaign Foundation recognized Washington Hospital Center last year as a “Leader in LGBT Healthcare Equality.”
“We want to hold true to this important commitment to the LGBT community and to all of our patients,” she said. “It is our expectation that all who offer spiritual care to patients in our hospital adhere to our values and extend excellent care, both physical and spiritual, to all patients regardless of their faith traditions,” she said.
Pak added, “Our Department of Spiritual Care will reinforce our expectations with this priest and his superiors.”
Plishka said the treatment he received from the hospital itself was “excellent” and praised the hospital and its doctors for saving his life.
Chieko Noguchi, a spokesperson for the Archdiocese of Washington, which has jurisdiction over D.C. area priests working as hospital chaplains, said her office would have no comment at this time.
A June 2010 biography of Coelho published on the Archdiocese website says Coelho was appointed at that time as parochial vicar at St. Mary Parish in Landover Hills, Md. It says he was “born in India and attended seminary there prior to entering the Archdiocese of Washington's Redemptoris Mater Seminary.”
The biography says he was ordained on May 26, 2007 and served as a parochial victor at St. Mary of the Mills in Laurel, Md., and at St. Elizabeth Parish in Rockville, Md., in previous assignment.
Pak said Coelho began his tenure as chaplain at Washington Hospital Center in October 2013.
Officials with the LGBT Catholic organizations Dignity U.S.A. and Dignity Washington expressed disbelief that a priest would refuse to offer last rites and communion to a patient in need.
“This is just abhorrent and not Christ-like at all,” said Dignity Washington President Daniel Barutta. “I can't imagine where that priest is coming from.”
Henry Huot, a retired Catholic priest who serves as chair of Dignity Washington's Pastoral Ministry Committee, said longstanding Catholic practice calls for priests to provide the sacraments to people in situations similar to Plishka.
“Any baptized Christian ought not to be denied the sacraments at his or her request,” Huot said. “And that is a cardinal rule of pastoral care. So I don't know what was going through the mind of this hospital chaplain to deny this man the sacraments,” he said. “It violates this cardinal rule.”
Huot and other Dignity officials, including a priest who asked not to be identified, said no church rule or policy says sacraments should be withheld to people because of their sexual orientation.
“The fact that conditions existed for a priest to make this call is upsetting,” said Dignity USA President Marianne Duddy-Burke. “There should be very clear standards. You minister to the person in need without judgment and without conditions,” she said. “It is not the role of the priest to cause the person in distress additional hardship.”
Duddy-Burke said it's the responsibility of the Archdiocese to set pastoral care standards for priests under its jurisdiction.
“And I would hope that if this case is brought to the attention of Archdiocesan officials, as it should be, that they would respond appropriately and discipline this priest and make it known to every priest and every person that's providing pastoral care in the Archdiocese that people should be treated as children of God first.”
Barutta said the group's pastoral committee headed by Huot has a list of priests on call to provide pastoral care for people in situations similar to Plishka.
“Can you imagine Pope Francis being at that hospital?” Barutta said. “He would be siting by the bedside and be with this guy for more than an hour. I'm almost positive of that.”
Plishka said he is thankful that, unlike his encounter with the priest, his medical treatment at the Washington Hospital Center worked out well. In what he called state of the art cardiac procedures, he said doctors implanted stents through a catheter to reopen clogged arteries in his heart. Much to his surprise, the hospital discharged him just three days after he was admitted, with instructions that he adhere to several weeks of rest and outpatient treatment.
Once at home, Plishka said he called the hospital chaplain's office to lodge a complaint against Fr. Coelho. He said he also called the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception next to Catholic University, where he has attended Mass nearly every Sunday for years.
“They have a priest on call,” he said. “So he called me back and said he agreed with what the priest at the hospital did. He said unless you're willing to change and basically become somebody you're not, then this priest had every right to do that, to refuse you communion and to refuse you the last rites of the church,” Plishka said.
He said he doesn't recall the priest's name but recalls the priest saying he was the one assigned to take calls from members of the community on that day — Feb. 8.
Ironically, Plishka said, a minister from another denomination came to his hospital room and gave him the spiritual support he didn't receive from Fr. Coelho. In response to a call to the hospital by one of his friends, who Plishka had told of his encounter with Coelho, the hospital sent a Methodist minister to see him in his hospital room shortly after Coelho's visit.
“He prayed with me and gave me communion and all of that,” said Plishka. “But it's not the same. It's not my religion, you know? I've been a Catholic all my life and for them to refuse me a sacrament and to refuse me communion? It destroyed me.”
Now, Plishka said, he decided to speak out about his experience with the hope that it might make a difference.
“I think there comes a time when as a gay man you have to take a stand, you know? It's just intolerable to be treated like you're nothing. And I could have died. And all I did was ask for the rites of the church that are due to me. But because I'm gay I'm denied that.”
The most recent release in the MariaDB 5.3 series is: MariaDB 5.3.12
Download | Release Notes | Changelog | Overview of 5.3
Release date: 26 July 2011
MariaDB 5.3.0 is a Beta release. In general this means that there are no known serious bugs, except for those marked as feature requests. MariaDB 5.3 radically improves performance for subqueries as well as for joins and single-table queries over large data sets.
For a detailed description of MariaDB 5.3 see the What is MariaDB 5.3 page.
For a list of every change made in MariaDB 5.3.0, including the various bugs that were fixed and links to detailed information on each push, see the MariaDB 5.3.0 Changelog. These changes are compared against MariaDB 5.2, and it is worth noting that MariaDB 5.3 is based on the MySQL 5.1 releases.
In most respects MariaDB will work exactly as MySQL: all commands, interfaces, libraries and APIs that exist in MySQL also exist in MariaDB.
Be notified of new releases automatically by adding the releases rss feed to your favorite feed reader or by subscribing to the announcement 'at' mariadb.org announcement list (this is a low traffic, announce-only list).
A few highlights (for a more detailed list, please see the What is MariaDB 5.3 page) in MariaDB 5.3.0 follow:
Subquery optimizations
One of the major performance improvements in MariaDB 5.3.0 is that subqueries are finally usable in practice. It is no longer necessary to rewrite subqueries manually into joins or separate queries. The optimizer of MariaDB 5.3 will do this, and more automatically. EXPLAIN for derived tables and materialized views is instantaneous. Both derived tables and views can be optimized by indexes created on the fly.
Join & disk access optimizations
MariaDB now supports many join optimizations, including utilizing the Block Nested Loop algorithm that can be used for outer joins, Classic Hash Join which can be used for equi-joins, and Batch Key Access joins are supported providing the benefits of ordered retrievals for primary and secondary keys provided by the new implementation of Multi-Range-Read (MRR) optimizations. MariaDB also features Index Condition Pushdown.
NoSQL-style interfaces
NoSQL is all the rage these days and MariaDB 5.3.0 ships with the HandlerSocket plugin.
Dynamic columns
Dynamic columns allow you to have a different set of "virtual columns" for each row in your table. You can at any time add or remove columns from a row.
Group commit for the binary log
MariaDB 5.3 implements group commit which works when using XtraDB with the binary log enabled.
Microsoft Windows performance improvements
Microsoft Windows performance improvements from MySQL 5.5 have been backported, including benefits to the XtraDB storage engine.
A 25-year-old man who got injured when he tried to take a selfie while hanging out of a moving train died at the Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital on Thursday , almost three months after he was admitted.Police said the man, identified as Parthasarathy , a resident of Dr Thomas Road at Teynampet, was on his way to Vandalur with his friends on September 13. He attempted to take the selfie when the train was taking a sharp curve over the Adyar river between Saidapet and Guindy . His friends told police that Parthasarathy hit a post beside the track and suffered a head injury . He fell off the train and he suffered fractures on the leg.When his friends admitted him to hospital, he was in a critical condition, said an investigation officer.Doctors declared him dead on Thursday . “He died without regaining his memory . He was almost bra in dead when he was brought here,“ said a senior doctor at the GH.Quoting doctors, a senior police officer said Parthasarathy died of internal hemorrhage. The Egmore railway police registered a case and handed over the body to his family members after autopsy was performed.Parthasarathy and his mother Geetha worked in a private mobile subscriber installing unit at Pondy Bazaar near T Nagar.
RNA-Seq techniques generate hundreds of millions of short RNA reads using next-generation sequencing (NGS). These RNA reads can be mapped to reference genomes to investigate changes of gene expression but improved procedures for mining large RNA-Seq datasets to extract valuable biological knowledge are needed. RNAMiner—a multi-level bioinformatics protocol and pipeline—has been developed for such datasets. It includes five steps: Mapping RNA-Seq reads to a reference genome, calculating gene expression values, identifying differentially expressed genes, predicting gene functions, and constructing gene regulatory networks. To demonstrate its utility, we applied RNAMiner to datasets generated from Human, Mouse, Arabidopsis thaliana, and Drosophila melanogaster cells, and successfully identified differentially expressed genes, clustered them into cohesive functional groups, and constructed novel gene regulatory networks. The RNAMiner web service is available at http://calla.rnet.missouri.edu/rnaminer/index.html .
Funding: The work was made possible by an NIH Botanical Center grant (P50AT006273) from the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicines (NCCAM), the Office of Dietary Supplements (ODS), and the National Cancer Institute (NCI), a NIH R01 grant (R01GM093123), and a NSF CAREER grant (DBI1149224). Its contents are solely the responsibility of the authors and do not necessarily represent the official views of the NCCAM, ODS, NCI, the National Institutes of Health, or the National Science Foundation.
Data Availability: All of the six data sets used in this work are publicly available. The third, fourth, and fifth data sets have been deposited into the Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) database (accession numbers: GSE41570, GSE41679, and GSE35288, respectively). The first, second, and sixth data sets are publicly available at http://calla.rnet.missouri.edu/botanical/RNAMiner.html .
Copyright: © 2015 Li et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License , which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited
As proof of principle, we have applied the RNAMiner protocol to RNA-Seq data generated from Human, Mouse, Arabidopsis thaliana, and Drosophila melanogaster cells. The data mining process successfully produced valuable biological knowledge such as differentially expressed genes, cohesive functional gene groups, and novel hypothetical gene regulatory networks by reducing the size of the initial data set over a thousand-fold.
In order to address these challenges, RNAMiner has been developed to convert gigabytes of raw RNA-Seq data into kilobytes of valuable biological knowledge through a five-step data mining and knowledge discovery process. RNAMiner integrates both public tools (e.g., TopHat2 [ 8 ], Bowtie2 [ 9 ], Cufflinks [ 10 ], HTSeq [ 11 ], edgeR [ 12 ], and DESeq2 [ 13 ]) with our in-house tools (MULTICOM-MAP [ 14 , 15 , 16 ]) to preprocess data and identify differentially expressed genes in the first three steps. In the last two steps, RNAMiner uses our in-house tools MULTICOM-PDCN [ 17 , 18 ] and MULTICOM-GNET [ 19 , 20 ] to predict both functions and gene regulatory networks of differentially expressed genes, respectively.
A RNA-Seq experiment typically generates hundreds of millions of short reads that are mapped to reference genomes and counted as a measure of expression [ 5 ]. Mining the gigabytes or even terabytes of RNA-Seq raw data is an essential, but challenging step in the analysis.
Transcriptome analysis is essential for determining the relationship between the information encoded in a genome, its expression, and phenotypic variation [ 1 , 2 ]. Next-generation sequencing (NGS) of RNAs (RNA-Seq) has emerged as a powerful approach for transcriptome analysis [ 3 , 4 ] that has many advantages over microarray technologies [ 5 , 6 , 7 ].
Methods
Some RNA-Seq data analysis pipelines (e.g. Galaxy [21], KBase [22], iPlant [23]) provide users with a convenient and free platform for RNA-Seq data analysis by combing public tools, such as TopHat [24], Bowtie [25], Cufflinks [10], Cuffmerge [10], and Cuffdiff [10]. As with these pipelines, RNAMiner combines these public tools such as TopHat2 [8], Bowtie2 [9], Cufflinks [10], Cuffdiff [10], and it is free. However, there are several differences between RNAMiner and other pipelines. First, RNAMiner integrates more tools, such as HTSeq [11], edgeR [12], DESeq2 [13], and our in-house MULTICOM-MAP [14,15,16], to calculate gene expression values and identify differentially expressed genes. These tools can generate more accurate consensus results. For example, RNAMiner uses Cuffdiff, edgeR, and DESeq2 to identify differentially expressed genes based on TopHat mapping results and gene expression values calculated by HTSeq and MULTICOM-MAP. RNAMiner generates up to five distinct lists and one consensus list of differentially expressed genes, which usually produces more accurate results. Second, RNAMiner predicts functions of differentially expressed genes and builds gene regulatory networks by integrating our in-house tools MULTICOM-PDCN [17,18] and MULTICOM-GNET [19,20]. These analyses provide more biological information. Other pipelines (e.g. Galaxy and iPlant) do not provide these analyses. Another software package—KBase—contains a service to predict gene functions, but the service only provides GO annotation for plant genomes. Third, without requirements for user registration and selection of many parameters, RNAMiner is easier to use than other pipelines. Compared to running each tool separately, users can easily run all these tools integrated in RNAMiner at one time and download results generated by all the tools at the RNAMiner web site.
The five data analysis steps of the RNAMiner protocol (Fig 1) are described individually in sub-sections below. Tables 1 and 2 list the versions and the parameters of all the public tools used in RNAMiner and describe the meanings of the parameters.
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download: Fig 1. The RNAMiner protocol for big transcriptomics data analysis. Five blue boxes denote five data analysis steps, i.e. mapping RNA-Seq reads to a reference genome, calculating gene expression values, identifying differentially expressed genes, predicting gene functions, and constructing gene regulatory networks. The tools used in each step are listed inside each box. The external input information is represented by brown boxes and the final output information is represented by green boxes. The information flow between these components is denoted by arrows. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0125000.g001
1. Mapping RNA-Seq reads to a reference genome We use two public tools, TopHat2 [8] and Bowtie2 [9], to map RNA-Seq reads to reference genomes in the UCSC genome browser [26] in conjunction with the RefSeq genome reference annotations [27]. The workflow of mapping RNA-Seq reads to a reference genome and calculating gene expression values is illustrated in Fig 2. It is worth noting that, since the RefSeq genome reference annotations contain information about some non-coding small RNAs, the reads of the non-coding RNAs are mapped and counted in addition to regular protein coding mRNAs. MULTICOM-MAP [14,15,16] is used to remove reads mapped to multiple locations in a reference genome from the mapping data in BAM/SAM format [28] generated by TopHat2 and Bowtie2. Only reads mapped to a unique location on the genome are retained to calculate the read counts of the genes. We use MULTICOM-MAP to analyze the mapping results to obtain baseline information, such as the total number of reads, the number of reads mapped to a unique location, and the number of reads mapped to multiple locations. This mapping process can generally reduce the size of datasets by several orders of magnitude. PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download: Fig 2. The workflow of mapping RNA-Seq reads to a reference genome and calculating gene expression values. The blue boxes denote the tools (TopHat2, Bowtie2, MULTICOM-MAP, HTSeq, Cufflinks) used in the steps of mapping RNA-Seq reads to a reference genome and calculating gene expression values. The external input information is represented by brown boxes and the output information is represented by green boxes. The information flow between these components is denoted by arrows. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0125000.g002
2. Calculating gene expression values For RNAMiner, MULTICOM-MAP [14,15,16] and two public tools: HTSeq [11] and Cufflinks [10] are used to calculate gene expression values according to the genome mapping output and the RefSeq genome reference annotation [27]. MULTICOM-MAP and HTSeq produce raw read counts, while Cufflinks generates normalized values in terms of FPKM, i.e., fragments per kilobase of exon model per million mapped fragments. The normalized gene expression values generated by Cufflinks are used to identify differentially expressed genes in the next step. The read counts generated by MULTICOM-MAP and HTSeq are fed separately into two R Bioconductor packages, edgeR [12] and DESeq2 [13], to identify differentially expressed genes. The normalized gene expression values (RPKM, reads per kilobase of exon model per million mapped reads) of MULTICOM-MAP are used to construct gene regulatory networks in the last step. Cufflinks, MULTICOM-MAP, and HTSeq are largely complementary and mostly differ in how they handle the reads mapped to common exons of multiple isoforms of a gene. Cufflink distributes the count of such reads to each isoform proportionally according the estimated probability that the reads were derived from the isoform. In contrast, MULTICOM-MAP distributes the total count of such reads to each isoform, while HTSeq discards the reads without counting them for any isoform. This analysis step generates the overall expression profile of most genes in a transcriptome and can reduce the size of data from Step 1 by ~one thousand-fold, from gigabytes to several megabytes.
3. Identifying differentially expressed genes We use Cuffdiff [10] and two R Bioconductor packages, edgeR [12] and DESeq2 [13] to identify differentially expressed genes separately (see Fig 3 for the workflow). EdgeR and DESeq2 identify differentially expressed genes based on the raw read counts calculated by MULTICOM-MAP and HTSeq, resulting in four lists of differentially expressed genes (i.e., edgeR+MULTICOM-MAP, edgeR+HTSeq, DESeq2+MULTICOM-MAP, and DESeq2+HTSeq). In contrast Cuffdiff identifies differentially expressed genes directly from the genome mapping outputs containing only reads mapped to a unique location on the genome, resulting in one list of differentially expressed genes. Cuffdiff, edgeR and DESeq2 further adjust p-values by multiple testing using Benjamini and Hochberg's approach, which controls the false discovery rate (FDR) [10,12,13]. Usually, the cut-off of p-value (or q-value) is set to 0.05. Based on the five lists of differentially expressed genes generated by Cuffdiff, edgeR+MULTICOM-MAP, DESeq2+MULTICOM-MAP, edgeR+HTSeq, and DESeq2+HTSeq, a consensus list of differentially expressed genes is generated as the final output which usually comes from the overlap of at least three lists of differentially expressed genes. This step generates valuable information that may play an important role in the biological experiment. For example, the significantly differentially expressed genes identified by RNAMiner could be the targets for new biological experiments. This analysis step can generally reduce the size of data of the previous step by a couple orders of magnitude, condensing the data set size to several hundred kilobytes. PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download: Fig 3. The workflow of identifying differentially expressed genes. The blue boxes denote the tools (edgeR, DESeq2, Cuffdiff) used in the step of identifying differentially expressed genes. The external input information is represented by brown boxes and the output information is represented by green boxes. The information flow between these components is denoted by arrows. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0125000.g003
4. Predicting gene functions We use MULTICOM-PDCN [17,18], a protein function prediction method ranked among the top methods in the 2011–2012 Critical Assessment of Function Annotation (CAFA) [29], to predict functions of differentially expressed genes (see Fig 4 for the workflow). MULTICOM-PDCN integrates sequence-profile and profile-profile alignment methods (PSI-BLAST [30] and HHSearch [31]) with protein function databases such as the Gene Ontology database [32], the Swiss-Prot database [33], and the Pfam database [34], to predict functions of proteins in Gene Ontology [32] terms in three categories: biological process, molecular function, and cellular component. MULTICOM-PDCN also provides some statistical information about the predicted functions, such as the number of differentially expressed genes predicted in each function. We then use the Cochran-Mantel-Haenszel test implemented by R program mantelhaen.test [35,36] to check if predicted function terms are good for Fisher's exact test to identify the significantly enriched GO function terms. A p-value from the MH test lower than 0.05 suggests the two nominal variables (e.g., two function terms) are conditionally independent in each stratum [35,36]. We then calculate a p-value of enrichment for each predicted function using R function fisher.test [35,36,37,38,39,40,41,42] and sort the predicted functions by their p-value in ascending order, from the most significant ones to the least significant ones. The list of the most significantly enriched functions can provide an overview of the biological processes differentially perturbed in two biological conditions. Although the physical size of the data and knowledge generated in this step is comparable to the size of the data in the previous step, the differentially expressed genes can be organized in three functional perspectives: biological process, molecular function, and cellular component. PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download: Fig 4. The workflow of predicting gene functions. The blue box denotes the tool used in the step of predicting gene functions. The tools of PSI-BLAST and HHSearch used in MULTICOM-PDCN are listed inside the blue box. The external input information is represented by brown boxes and the output information is represented by green boxes. The information flow between these components is denoted by arrows. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0125000.g004
American cosmetics company
Neutrogena is an American brand of skin care, hair care and cosmetics, that is headquartered in Los Angeles, California.[1] According to product advertising at their website, Neutrogena products are distributed in more than 70 countries. Neutrogena was founded in 1930 by Emanuel Stolaroff, and was originally a cosmetics company named Natone. It is now part of the US-based Johnson & Johnson conglomerate, which bought the independent company in 1994.[2]
History [ edit ]
In 1930, Emanuel Stolaroff started a small company called Natone. Soon, it grew into a larger business, and he started expanding it into retail markets.[3] Stolaroff met Belgian chemist Edmond Fromont in 1954, and acquired the rights to distribute his patented formula of a mild clear soap that cleared the skin, without drying it, in the US.[1] By then, Lloyd Cotsen had entered the Stolaroff family by marrying his daughter Joanne Stolaroff.[4] In 1962, the company name was officially changed to Neutrogena Corporation; Cotsen became president in 1967.[5]
The company listed publicly on the NASDAQ in 1973, with a market value of $1.2 million. Cotsen started marketing soap through 2 major channels: dermatologists and luxury hotels.[6] Neutrogena managed to stay clear of any major pricing wars, like those of other big corporations of that generation. It launched product lines in acne and anti-aging areas.[4] In 1982, profits reached US$3 million, and Cotsen was named the CEO.[4]
In 1994, Johnson & Johnson acquired Neutrogena for $924 million, at a price of $35.25 per share.[7] Johnson & Johnson's international network helped Neutrogena boost its sales and enter newer markets including India, South Africa, and China. Priced at a premium, Neutrogena products are distributed in over 70 countries. The company has major subsidiaries in Canada, United Kingdom, South Korea and India.[1]
Products [ edit ]
Neutrogena carries a wide range of products for the skin (face and body) and hair, including specific product lines for acne, anti-aging and sun protection.
Product lines include:[1]
Body and bath products
Cleansers
Cosmetics
Hair products
Men's skin care
Moisturizers
Spokesmodels [ edit ]
Neutrogena is well known for its commercials, both in print and on television, that feature various spokesmodels. These spokespeople are usually popular young men and women in the field of entertainment. Notable Neutrogena spokesmodels include:
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani went to Turkey to meet with the country's president and sought meetings with U.S. government officials in an attempt to end U.S. prosecution of a wealthy Turkish gold trader charged with conspiring to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran, Manhattan federal prosecutors said.
FILE PHOTO: Former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani speaks to members of the news media at Trump Tower in New York, U.S. November 22, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Segar
The moves were disclosed in a letter on Friday to U.S. District Judge Richard Berman, who is overseeing the case in which the trader, Reza Zarrab, is accused of conspiring with others to conduct illegal transactions through U.S. banks on behalf of Iran's government and other Iranian entities.
The new disclosures highlight the politically charged nature of a case that expanded in scope earlier this week with the arrest in New York of an executive at a Turkish state-owned bank charged with conspiring with Zarrab to evade sanctions.
Zarrab, a dual national of Iran and Turkey, had been arrested in 2013 in a corruption probe of people with close ties to Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, who was prime minister of Turkey at the time. Erdoğan is currently president.
In the letter prosecutors said Giuliani and former U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey - both recently added to Zarrab's legal team - traveled to Turkey shortly after February 24 to meet with Erdoğan to discuss ways to end the prosecution. Giuliani informed the office of Attorney General Jeff Sessions about the planned trip, according to the letter.
Acting U.S. Attorney Joon Kim in Manhattan said that Mukasey and Giuliani, who is a close ally of President Donald Trump, had also sought to meet with other officials in the U.S. government on the issue. “Mr. Giuliani and Mr. Mukasey's efforts are aimed at reaching a disposition in the case,” Kim wrote in the letter.
Kim has sought to question whether Giuliani and Mukasey should be allowed to represent Zarrab given the potential conflicts of interest. Zarrab allegedly victimized at least eight large banks which are current or former clients of Giuliani and Mukasey's law firms.
Kim had called earlier this week for a special hearing to make sure Zarrab understands the potential conflict.
Benjamin Brafman, an attorney for Zarrab, responded in a letter to the court on Friday, saying he would consent to a limited hearing but stressed that he believed the prosecution had no right to question the actions of Giuliani and Mukasey.
“That information quite frankly is none of the Government's business,” Brafman wrote.
Dec 28, 2013; Bronx, NY, USA; Notre Dame Fighting Irish offensive tackle Zack Martin (70) blocks against the Rutgers Scarlet Knights during the second half of the Pinstripe Bowl at Yankees Stadium. Notre Dame Fighting Irish won the game 29-16. Mandatory Credit: Joe Camporeale-USA TODAY Sports
If it's one thing that the Rams made clear in the 2014 draft, it's that they were going to build their team from the inside out and build it to win the NFC West. That's why Jeff Fisher took a leap of faith and drafted an offensive lineman in the first round for the first time ever in his coaching career, and why the Rams took defensive tackle Aaron Donald instead of trading back for a safety in the first round.
The Rams almost continued that philosophy of building their team to win in the trenches by almost pulling off a trade that would have completely changed the rest of the first round and their entire draft.
According to NFL Network's Michael Silver, who spent the entire weekend in the Rams' war room, the Rams were in trade talks with the Baltimore Ravens at the 17th overall pick in order to take Notre Dame offensive lineman, Zack Martin.
The Rams were willing to give up a second and third round pick this year, along with next year's second-round pick if Martin had fallen to the Ravens.
We know now that the Dallas Cowboys passed up the opportunity to take Johnny Football, who Jerry Jones said was the top player on their board at the time, and instead made the smart choice for the first draft in what seems like forever, and took Martin instead.
Had the Cowboys taken a safety or taken Manziel, the entire draft would have been completely different. The Rams wouldn't have been able to trade away their fifth round pick to trade up to get Lamarcus Joyner, and the Rams wouldn't have been able to take Zac Stacy‘s new wingman, Tre Mason, in the third round
Martin would have been a nice addition as he not only would have been able to add depth to any position on the offensive line, but he is the ideal tackle that you want on your offensive line in the NFC West. The Rams would have gone from a team with absolutely no offensive line to a team that had a lot of solid depth at the offensive line.
The Rams did come out pretty good not making the trade though. Martin would have been a nice addition to the offensive line, but the price would have been big, maybe a little too big for comfort.
The Rams still made out pretty well. They added a solid nickel cornerback that has the ability to move to safety if needed and then added depth and a good number two running back to their backfield.
Other interesting notes from the article:
– Dave McGinnis has turned down multiple offers to be a defensive coordinator in order to stay with the Rams.
– The Rams debated for a while to trade back up into the first round to take Manziel
– Jeff Fisher “reached” on Mo Alexander to avoid getting “Bobby Wagner mad”.
-Fisher and Williams made up while Fisher was on a beach in Mexico
close Partial compensation means that the pH is still abnormal. Full compensation means that the pH is back to normal.
close The pH is still low, so it is only partially compensated. When the pH is normal, it will be fully compensated.
close The pH is low (acidotic), so the primary problem is an acidosis of some sort.
close CO 2 is the respiratory component.
HCO 3 - is the metabolic component.
normal: (-2) - 2 mEq/L close Hint... This BE is low (acidotic). The pH and BE are both acidotic, so the BE is a primary cause.
normal: 22-26 mEq/L close Hint... This HCO 3 - is low (acidotic). The pH and HCO 3 - are both acidotic, so the HCO 3 - is a primary cause.
normal: 35-45 mmHg close Hint... This CO 2 is low (alkalotic). The pH and HCO 3 - are both acidotic, but the CO 2 is not, so the CO 2 is the compensation.
What's new in this version
This is beta release 1.1.0.64 Issues fixed: 1.1.0.64: More cosmetic changes. Little bug fixes. 1.1.0.63: With thanks to Microsoft's assistance, the video capture works consistently across devices now. Many cosmetic changes. Little bug fixes. 1.1.0.62: The dust list view includes the number of friends in the dust room when more than you and another friend. Tapping on a message with a URL will navigate the web browser to that address. Tapping on a message with +username allows you to add them as a friend. A dust room is closed when you switch to another app. Known issue in 1.1.062: Capturing video does not work on some phones. We are working with Microsoft to resolve the issue quickly. 1.1.0.61: Screenshots could be taking in picture viewer and video player. Group dusts were limited to 11; now works with up to 12 friends. Could create dust room with friends and followers. Now dust rooms either contain friends or a single follower. Was unable to leave a chat room when there were three dusters. The Cyber Dust badge can now be displayed on the lock screen. 1.1.0.59 Can now blast to all followers. Messages were expiring too quickly.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS COUNTY, Iowa - Four people were killed early Saturday, including two Des Moines police officers, following a fiery crash along Interstate 80 near Waukee. The crash happened shortly after 12:30 a.m. near mile marker 117.
Officers Susan Farrell, 30, and Carlos Puente-Morales, 34, were in an eastbound SUV transporting a prisoner from Council Bluffs to Des Moines when the crash happened. The Iowa State Patrol said another vehicle driving the wrong way on the interstate struck the SUV head-on then burst into flames.
The prisoner being transported has been identified as Tosha Hyatt, 32, of Des Moines. Hyatt was a mother of four children. The name of the driver of the second vehicle is not being released at this time.
During a Saturday morning press conference, Des Moines Police spokesperson Sergeant Paul Parizek said the crash scene was "the worst I've ever seen."
"This is a very sad day for the Des Moines Police Department. Words cannot describe the loss to our organization," Des Moines Police Chief Dana Wingert told the media. "We face a nightmare that no one ever wants to experience."
"Please keep the Des Moines Police Department and the families of the victims in your thoughts and prayers in the coming days. We will rally together as a family to get through this," Chief Wingert added.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Remembering the Officers
Parizek said the two officers had graduated from the Des Moines Police Academy in October of 2015 and were well-respected in the department.
"Respect in this organization isn't just handed out, you have to earn it. And both Carlos and Susan earned more than their fair share, starting out in the academy, then coming back out onto the street. And then performing at the level they did," Parizek said of the two officers.
Farrell worked for the Polk County Sheriff's Office for several years before joining the Des Moines Police Department.
"Her personality, it just - I don't have enough words to tell you how good of an individual she was, and how respected she was here at the jail," said Sergeant Brandon Bracelin with the Polk County Sheriff's Office. "And just walking around here today, you can tell how much she's already missed."
"You know, Susan was very well-respected, and she was just a person you could count on. When there was a serious situation, she was one of the first ones there. I worked side by side with Susan in the jail when we first moved out here in 2008 -- on the response team -- and there wasn't a situation where I wouldn't want Susan with me. She was that kind of person, and she will be missed," Bracelin said.
A GoFundMe page has been set up for Farrell.
Puente-Morales served as a police officer in Ottumwa for more than three years before joining the Des Moines Police Department in 2015. He received an Associate Degree from Ellsworth Community College and graduated from the 225th Basic Academy at the Iowa Law Enforcement Academy on December 12, 2008. Puente-Morales is a member of the Iowa National Guard and served in both Iraq and Afghanistan. He was a former Deputy with the Franklin County Sheriff's Department. In order to be closer to his family, Officer Puente-Morales left the Ottumwa Police Department on April 26, 2015 joining the Des Moines Police Department.
"Officer Puente-Morales was a dedicated professional who was always willing to lend and a hand to those in need. He will be missed by his fellow officers and employees of the Ottumwa Police Department," Ottumwa Police Chief Tom McAndrew told Channel 13 News. "Our sympathy goes out to Carlos's family and friends."
Governor Terry Branstad and Lieutenant Governor Kim Reynolds released the following statement:
“Our hearts are heavy this Easter weekend on the news of an early morning crash on Interstate 80,” said Branstad. “We're learning that the crash took the lives of two young Des Moines police officers who dedicated their lives to protecting public safety and were killed in the line of duty. Chris and I wish to extend our sincere sympathies to the families of everyone impacted by this horrific accident.”
Lt. Gov. Reynolds added, “I'm heartbroken to hear this morning of a tragic vehicle crash involving two fallen police officers from the Des Moines Police Department. On this celebration of Easter, it's very difficult to comprehend how young lives can be taken so quickly. Kevin and I wish to extend our thoughts and prayers to all of the families affected by this terrible crash.”
Gov. Branstad will issue a statement later in the week on lowering flags to half-staff.
Puente-Morales and Farrell are the third and fourth Des Moines police officers to die in the line of duty in the last decade. In February 2008, police officer Roger Hildreth suffered a fatal heart attack while he was running at the police department's gym. Nearly one year earlier to the day, officer Sean Wissink was killed when he crashed his patrol car while traveling to a training exercise in 2007. Before Wissink's death, no Des Moines police officer had been killed in the line of duty in 30 years.
The department is still planning a community vigil for the officers. We will bring you that information once it's made available.
Check back for updates.
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. -- New England Patriots defensive end Chandler Jones (ankle) is one of five Patriots players listed as probable for Sunday's AFC Championship Game against the Baltimore Ravens.
Jones fully participated in Friday's practice, according to the injury report, after being listed as limited in the first two sessions of the week.
Running back Danny Woodhead (thumb) is also listed as probable after fully participating in practice all week. Both Woodhead and Jones were injured in the Patriots' victory over the Houston Texans this past Sunday.
For the Ravens, cornerback Asa Jackson, who hasn't played since November with a thigh injury, is the only player listed as out for Sunday. Four Ravens players -- fullback Vonta Leach (knee/ankle), running back Bernard Pierce (knee), linebacker Dannell Ellerbe (ankle/back) and receiver David Reed (thigh) -- were listed as questionable.
Milan deny Essien has Ebola
By Football Italia staff
Milan have been forced to “categorically deny” rumours in the African media that Michael Essien contracted Ebola.
The reports have been swirling round several websites this weekend and the club released a statement assuring these claims were “totally without foundation.”
They had even used quotes from Milan Press officer Riccardo Coli, but these too were confirmed as false by the club statement.
“It has come to a big shock to everyone involved with the club but we are optimistic for Essien,” were the fake comments circulated by the Daily Times Nigeria and Newswire NGR.
“He is a very strong person and the Ebola has been caught in the early stages. He's in experts hands so he should be fine.”
Essien's team Ghana played a 1-1 draw in Guinea on Saturday, which is one of the hotspots for the Ebola pandemic.
The player himself also addressed the reports on Twitter and Instagram.
“I'm very fit and very healthy, No truth in the internet rumours that I have contracted Ebola. im well & will be training as usual tomorrow.
“The Ebola virus is a very serious issue and people shouldn't joke about it. Whoever wrote this article is very unprofessional and insensitive...!!!”
ADVERTISEMENT
Conservative America is understandably bummed that President Obama won re-election on Tuesday night. "Losing a presidential campaign just stinks," says Jonathan Chait at New York. "You feel like a stranger at home." And while most Republicans seem to be handling the defeat with relative grace and dignity, a number of conservative commentators and celebrities are engaging in whining, lashing out, wild finger-pointing, and general childishness. Here, six conservatives behaving like sore losers:
1. Karl Rove
Many political reputations were tarnished in the wake of Obama's victory, but perhaps none more so than that of Karl Rove, who not only predicted that Romney would win, but raised nearly $400 million in super PAC money to defeat Obama — all for naught. ("There is some holy hell to pay," one wealthy GOP donor told The Huffington Post. "Karl Rove has a lot of explaining to do.") On Election Night, Rove truculently rejected Fox News' verdict that Obama had won Ohio. And the day after, he whined that Obama had only "succeeded by suppressing the vote" — whatever that means. Anchor Megyn Kelly, who has emerged as the voice of reason on the network, shot back, "But he won Karl, he won!" See the exchange for yourself:
2. Sean Hannity
The uber-patriotic talk show host has taken to blaming his beloved country for Obama's victory. Americans have shown" bad judgment," he said on his radio show. "Americans, you get the government you deserve. And it pains me to say this, but America right now deserves Barack Obama. You deserve what you voted for…Four years ago, the public could be excused for voting for Obama because, frankly, he was a blank canvas…Now he is a known entity. And just barely over 50 percent looked at this pathetic record and decided they wanted more of the same." Listen to his diatribe yourself:
3. Mary Matalin
The conservative pundit and political consultant is really, really mad that Obama won. In an interview on CNN, Matalin had a pouty party on set, while treating fellow guest Van Jones with no small measure of disrespect. "Matalin lost her ever-loving mind and basically responded to Jones like a spoiled brat," says Eton James White at The Root. Watch:
4. Sen. Ron Johnson
The Republican senator from Wisconsin has fallen back on a time-honored approach to explaining the electorate's decision: Americans are kind of stupid. "If you aren't properly informed," he said, "if you don't understand the problems facing this nation, you are that much more prone to falling prey to demagoguing solutions. And the problem with demagoguing solutions is they don't work. I am concerned about people who don't fully understand the very ugly math we are facing in this country." Obama won Johnson's home state by around 7 points, which suggests that Johnson doesn't think too highly of his own constituents.
5. Donald Trump
The Donald descended to new lows on Election Night, sending out a tirade of semi-seditious tweets bemoaning Obama's victory. For good measure, one of Trump's friends told BuzzFeed that Trump probably wouldn't be hanging out with Mitt Romney after the election. "Trump doesn't like to be associated with failure. Trump's a winner." Here, some tweets to ponder:
We can't let this happen. We should march on Washington and stop this travesty. Our nation is totally divided! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 7, 2012
Lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice! The world is laughing at us. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 7, 2012
This election is a total sham and a travesty. We are not a democracy! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 7, 2012
Congrats to @karlrove on blowing $400 million this cycle. Every race @crossroadsgps ran ads in, the Republicans lost. What a waste of money. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 7, 2012
6. Eric Dondero
A blogger at LibertarianRepublican.net, Dondero took conservative outrage at Obama's re-election to epic proportions, promising a "personal boycott" against Democrats in his life. "All family and friends, even close family and friends, who I know to be Democrats are hereby dead to me. I vow never to speak to them again for the rest of my life, or have any communications with them." Dondero later spoke to New York. Asked whether he would help a Democrat drowning in a lake, Dondero said, "I honestly do not have an answer for that one."
Until 1890, the minority party in the U.S. House of Representatives could block a vote by “disappearing”; they'd demand a roll call, remain silent when called upon, and then declare that too few members were “present” for the House to conduct its business.
To incoming speaker Thomas Brackett Reed this was a “tyranny of the minority,” and on Jan. 28 he resolved to break it. When Democrats demanded a roll call and refused to answer to their names, Reed marked them present anyway; when Kentucky representative James B. McCreary objected, Reed said sweetly, “The Chair is making a statement of fact that the gentleman from Kentucky is present. Does he deny it?”
There followed a sort of ontological shooting gallery. Democrats hid under their desks and behind screens to avoid being observed to exist. When they tried to flee the chamber entirely, Reed ordered the doors locked, which started a scramble to get out before the next vote. Representative Kilgore of Texas had to kick open a locked door to escape. Amid the howled objections, Confederate general “Fighting Joe” Wheeler came down from the rear “leaping from desk to desk as an ibex leaps from crag to crag,” and one unnamed Texas Democrat “sat in his seat significantly whetting a bowie knife on his boot.” Finally the Republicans mustered a majority even with the Democrats entirely absent, and the battle was over: Reed's new rules were adopted on February 14.
Throughout all this Reed had seemed imperturbable, “serene as a summer morning.” He told a friend later that he had made up his mind what he would do if the House did not support him. “I would simply have left the Chair and resigned the Speakership and my seat in Congress,” he said. “I had made up my mind that if political life consisted in sitting helplessly in the Speaker's Chair and seeing the majority helpless to pass legislation, I had had enough of it and was ready to step down and out.”
(From Barbara Tuchman's The Proud Tower.) (Thanks, Zach.)
When I was in grade 11, I remember my high school biology teacher was this militaristic school marm-type woman who was intimidating as all hell. I'm sure you have experienced at least one teacher in your life who basically struck the fear of God in your soul if you were even 2 minutes late to class. Her death glare was legendary. For the sake of anonymity, I'm going to call this force of nature who shaped me permanently Mrs. Smith (also because I legit forgot her name!)
Mrs. Smith was actually away for the first half of the school year in 1997 for a medical leave. Instead, a substitute teacher taught my bio class who was super nice, and unfortunately, bullied hard by the students. I always loved Mrs. Burns (fake name). She was jovial, smiled a lot, joked with the students, and laughed at her own clumsiness. Mrs. Burns was joined by a teaching aide who was just in university finishing up her teaching degree. I felt bad for Mrs. Kay because she was very mild-mannered and bullied even more incessantly than Mrs. Burns. Mrs. Kay seemed to always be on the verge of tears as she could never get the class to quiet down or cooperate. She spoke so softly, we could hardly hear her over the din of raucous classmates who loved the sounds of their own voices. Due to her inability to rally the herd, the students shamelessly ignored Mrs. Kay's instructions and Mrs. Burns would have to cast her own version of a disappointed stare, which was barely effective. This toxic situation lasted about 5 months until Mrs. Smith returned to school and worked to shut that shit down.
Due to the easy-going nature of the class during the first half of the year, the students were barely ready for Mrs. Smith's arrival.
She showed up after the Christmas break and we had no idea that she was actually our real teacher. Mrs. Smith introduced herself and was very open about having been on medical leave. She was very direct about her expectations. She didn't tolerate students who spoke out of turn and would kick them out of class for disruption. She wouldn't let them back in until they apologized and behaved well. Otherwise, the disciplinary action was repeated. Mrs. Smith used shock value to shut us up by slamming a ruler against her desk to create an ear-piercing pop that would startle everyone into silence followed by an icy stare down. She wasn't afraid of anything, least of all a bunch of sniveling teenagers.
Every week there would be a quiz on all the stuff we learned in class. If we passed each quiz, we automatically earned 10% of our overall mark. If we failed to study our texts or do our assignments, we'd lose the 10%. It was the easiest 10% I ever earned! Or so I thought…
That 10% though came at a cost. It meant I actually had to read and re-read all my notes in class. I also learned to re-write all my notes, as they looked like illegible scrawl coming out of class. She taught us study tactics like making up our own quiz questions as we read chapters to retain the information better. She taught us to highlight specific sentences and create flash cards out of glossary words. No one had taught me how to study before Mrs. Smith came along. I was grateful in later years for her advice.
However, there was a chink to her plan. Mrs. Smith realized quickly that students were getting burnt out because many were not passing those weekly tests. I was always very studious so I had no issue with it. One thing she mentioned to us later, that stuck with me all through University years and eventually now, she said take study breaks every hour for 15 minutes. Shut your brain off completely by watching tv, going for a walk, making a snack, or taking a power nap.
I thought to myself “what a waste of time! I can't afford to take 15-minute breaks every hour!”
I have a total of 4 hours of studying time after school is done and if I take 15 minute breaks it means I shorten my studying time to 3 hours! That's completely nuts! The nerdy kids like myself all bitched and moaned that the old bat was off her rocker.
Boy, was I proven wrong.
The 15 minute breaks helped me retain more information when it came to memory recall during quiz time. I performed better on tests. In fact, I became more efficient at studying because I had a shorter time to absorb the same amount of information. I used the break trick throughout University. When my friends were exhausted from their studies, I had 2 part-time jobs, a sorority officer position which was like having third part-time job, and full-time studies with my Bachelor's degree! Yet I was never as exhausted and burnt out. Sure, I was stressed by deadlines and exams like everyone else and I maintained a respectable GPA of 3.34/4.0.
I wasn't a straight-A student, and didn't need to be. Perfectionism is not really my strong suit and even though I try I have always failed at it.
But striving for excellence means I'm hella above average so I'll take that anyway!
Fast-forward ahead to 20 years later. I build in a 15 minute coffee break every 4 hours during my workday. Every hour or two I'll get up and walk to the kitchen and do a round through my office which gives me a 5 minute repose. The breaks help me recharge and quiet my brain slightly so that I can focus on the task at hand. It makes me more efficient as a worker but also friendlier to my colleagues as I am less wound up.
There are still times I find myself having to disengage from people. I tell friends I'm busy so I can sit on the couch and Netflix all night. I'm ok with that. But last year in an effort to save money, I didn't go on a proper vacation for almost 12 months. That lead to me feeling drained and empty, even though I was still filling my life with activities that I enjoyed. I lost focus. Those activities felt like work and because less fun over time.
My greatest passion in life is to travel abroad. If I take a 3-4 day mini-break, it's simply not enough time for my brain to shut off. I'm bombarded by thoughts of everything I need to do when I get back. In fact, there are times I can't even sleep because my brain will not shut off. Rather than feeling recharged, I come back irritated and exhausted from my mini-break.
The truth is I feel ripped off when I don't take a proper vacation.
The end of 2016, I went away to Vancouver for 6 days. I got to meet up with a good friend who moved out there, did some sightseeing, ate too much food, and slept in every day. In addition to this, I still had an extra 3 days off because of the New Year's holiday. This extra long break helped me feel more refreshed than if I had just taken a couple days off for the statutory holiday.
The moral of this story is that if you are the type of over-achiever who isn't taking proper breaks in your life, you will wear yourself thin. People will notice your irritability and anxiety and will not want to spend time with you for very long. You need to do yourself and the world a favour by disconnecting solidly every once in a while. Does that mean being cooped up inside your room for 24 hours, or going on a hike where you don't have a cell signal, or does that mean a 2 week vacation?
After years of studying myself, I've learned the magic number of days off is 10 days for me.
Any longer than that and I start to get irritated that I'm not back to my life because I'm ready to take on the world! Any shorter than that and it's like I wasn't even on a break.
What's constitutes a brain break for you? I'd love to know! Please comment below and tell me.
Advertisements
Germany sees no way out of Syria crisis without Iran
TEHRAN (Tasnim) – German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said ignoring Iran's constructive role will dim the prospect of any political solution to the lingering crisis in Syria.
Iran needs to continue playing its constructive role because achieving a political solution to the crisis in Syria will not be possible without Iran, the top German diplomat said at a core group meeting of the Munich Security Conference (MSC), held in Tehran on Saturday.
He also noted that a cease-fire in Syria will be impossible if President Bashar al-Assad is excluded from a political process.
Elsewhere in the gathering, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif also stressed the need for political approaches towards all regional conflicts, including those in Syria, Yemen and Iraq.
He reiterated Iran's call for the political settlement of conflicts in Syria, adding that illogical preconditions have drawn out the war in the Arab country.
Zarif then made a reference to a lasting nuclear deal between Iran and the Group 5+1 (Russia, China, the US, Britain, France and Germany), saying the negotiated accord can be used a model for resolving regional issues.
“We should now be mindful that one cannot enjoy security without security for others,” he noted.
High-ranking diplomats have gathered in Tehran to attend the core group meeting of the MSC, which focuses on the implementation of the July 14 nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, Iran's regional role, and the security architecture in the Middle East.
Since its foundation five decades ago, the MSC has become a leading international platform for dialogue on foreign and security policy.
By Tasnim News Agency
This is shaping up to be the summer of Spider-Man: July 7 will see the theatrical release of Spider-Man: Homecoming, Tom Holland's much-anticipated solo debut in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, while writer Chip Zdarksy and artist Adam Kubert just launched a new ongoing Marvel comic series, Peter Parker: The Spectacular Spider-Man, that takes the title character “back to basics.” Last but not least, a new Disney XD animated series about the web hero, Marvel's Spider-Man, is also on its way.
The show will officially premiere later this summer, but Disney XD is going to roll out the red carpet for it by releasing a series of six animated shorts ahead of time. Those will launch one per day on Disney XD and Disney XD's YouTube channel from July 24 to July 29, but EW has an exclusive premiere of the first short, which features a retelling of Spider-Man's origin. Since Spider-Man: Homecoming won't cover the hero's origin like previous adaptations, this short provides an opportunity to revisit how it all started.
Peter Parker was just a young science-loving know-it-all until a school field trip to Oscorp Industries (and a run-in with a very special spider) changed his life forever. Check that story out above, and stay tuned for the full launch of Marvel's Spider-Man.
A couple of proactive team members recently set us on the journey of setting up automated deployment of our ASP.Net application through Octopus deploy. The change of attitude and approach to deployment from begin to end has been dramatic.
“Octopus Deploy is a friendly deployment automation system for .NET developers”
This sums up the tool nicely, allowing you to setup projects with a given number of steps (these are very flexible / extendable) that you can deploy to one or many machines. You can then manage build environments from development through to production with ease.
Confidence
The confidence in deployment is possible the most important change. Of course we still have contingency and rollback plans, but rarely have to use them. By the time you are deploying to production you know that this has been deployed by Octopus at least 2 or 3 times in development and testing, and that alone takes away uncertainty about the process.
The other big confidence boost is that humans have very little involvement (more to come on this).
Speed
A process that would have previously taken many hours is now nearly completely automated, and with one press of the ‘Promote' button the application can be upgraded. This improves the speed of deployment into production and reduces downtime, but also improves the speed to make a new release available from development.
Octopus manages our development environments, meaning that you can fix an issue and simply promote ready for production. Before using this tool, a release from the development team (after testing) would take around a day, it now takes around 30 minutes.
Now when asked ‘can we get a fix for that as soon as possible?‘, the development team can fix the issue and promote out of development with a day or two. This is at least twice as fast and far less error prone.
No Humans Allowed
This is really what drives all other benefits, the need for human intervention is minimal and this reduces risk of error, boosts confidence and is much faster. This is also where I have seen the biggest culture change. Where previously it was okay to make manual changes to databases, config files or drop in dlls to fix urgent issues, you will now be met with ‘no one makes manual changes, this must come through Octopus Deploy‘.
Why trust a human to a repeat a process when you can trust a computer.
So if you are out there manually deploying your .Net applications with a document of 200+ steps, or even if you have a MSI and a document with only 50 steps, then I would encourage you to check out Octopus Deploy; you wont regret it!
Advertisements
MANILA - Maranaos who lost their homes due to clashes in Marawi City are facing another challenge: being denied accommodation in nearby provinces just because they came from the conflict zone.
"Ang tinatanong daw mostly, 'Saan ka galing? Taga-Marawi ka ba? Maranao ka ba? Christian ka ba?' Kapag nalalaman daw na taga-Marawi, sinasabi na, 'Ay wala na pala kaming bakante,'" Zia Alonto Adiong, Marawi Crisis Management Committee spokesperson, said in a press conference.
"Ang ginagawa ng iba, kumukuha na lang sila ng mga kaibigang Christians para kunyare 'yun ang magrerenta. Pero kapag nalaman na iba pala 'yung magrerenta, they (business owners) will cut the deal off," he added.
Harrowing tales of Muslim families willing to pay rent but shut out of hotels, apartments, and bed spaces have been reported to authorities several times, but the government has yet to identify which establishments were closing their doors to these specific customers.
"Right now, we cannot identify the exact area, but we are getting complaints... Complaints that they are being denied of accommodation simply because they are residents of Marawi," Adiong said.
Instead of chasing away tenants fleeing from the war zone, Adiong said business owners should be more judicious in asking customers for identification cards and other requirements to ensure that they are not terrorists disguised as civilians.
He also called on business owners to grant Maranaos access to decent living spaces.
"There is no space in evacuation centers anymore. Even family members who are providing shelter, hindi na magkasya sa mga bahay," Adiong said.
"We appeal to them, for humanitarian reasons, to allow them to rent especially if they can afford it," he added.
Establishments that would discriminate against residents from Marawi may be denied business permits in the future, Adiong said.
Marawi City's population of more than 200,000 were forced to leave their homes and businesses after armed men waving black extremist flags torched buildings, shot non-Muslims, and overran the Islamic City last month.
As of June 21, at least 276 terrorists, 67 government troops, and 26 civilians have been killed due to the month-long fighting in the city, once the center of commerce in Lanao del Sur.
The pretty-freakin'-convenient Bob Hope Airport in Burbank (Photo by Karol Franks via the LAist Featured Photos pool on Flickr)
The passenger numbers at Burbank's Bob Hope Airport are down this year and revenues at the airport aren't rising as fast as projected and it's making us wonder: are you guys nuts?
If you've ever been to the Burbank airport, you know its many virtues. You can drive right up to the gate without waiting in traffic and lines; parking near the airport is cheap and plentiful; you walk right through security and hardly have to slow your gait (except for the shoes thing); there's a train station right there; the food options are no worse than LAX; you get to walk on the Tarmac; and hey, you can pick up a sweatshirt that says Burbank on it at the gift shop!
And yet! The airport has only handled 1.23 million passengers so far this year, down 1% from last year's numbers, the Burbank Leader reports. Meanwhile, LAX passenger numbers are up 8.5%, John Wayne in Orange County is up 2.2%, and even the dreaded Ontario airport ticked up 1.5%.
Even stranger, Burbank's parking revenues rose less than expected - even though the airport nudged up the parking rates.
OK, yes, we'll acknowledge that the Burbank airport is located in Burbank, which is not exactly the hub of cool and interesting things in Southern California. BUR is rarely mentioned by bicoastal rappers in songs about how "fly" they are. But it's not like LAX's Westchester environs are a lot more exciting.
Look, dear LAist reader, we know you're stoked on those microwaved fish sticks at the LAX Gladstone's (Yelp rating: two stars). But seriously, if you don't hate convenient things like saving time, try the easy vibes of the Burbank airport the next time you're jet-setting to that bachelorette party or runaway production. You'll be glad you did - and so will the person dropping you off.
Poland's friendly match against Uruguay at the national stadium in Warsaw on Friday will be the last time goalkeeper Artur Boruc will play for the Polish national squad.
The match with be the 37-year-old's record 65th game as goalie for the Polish team and Boruc will wear a jersey with the number 65 to mark the occasion.
Boruc last played for Poland in 2016 and announced he would leave international football earlier this year but coach Adam Nawałka decided that he deserved a proper send off.
Boruc will play for 44 minutes of the game on Friday, after which he is expected to receive mass applause from fans.
“My adventure with national-level football was a real rollercoaster ride, but I am happy about what I have accomplished and certainly do not have any regrets,” Boruc said, according to Polish Radio.
The match against Uruguay will also honour right-back Łukasz Piszczek and centre-back Kamil Glik, who have both played 50 games for the Polish national team. (vb/pk)
Source: Polish Radio
Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani said Sunday that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump could have just been “exaggerating” when he said in 2005 he could “grab” women “by the pussy” and get away with it because he's famous.
Voters shouldn't trust what Trump says, at least when it comes to bragging about committing sexual assault, Giuliani implied.
“Talk and actions are two different things,” Giuliani said in an interview with NBC's Chuck Todd on “Meet the Press.” “I don't know how much he was exaggerating, I don't know how much is true.”
“It was 10 or 12 years ago. He wasn't at that time, you know, running for office, he wasn't thinking of office. He's gone through a very, very intensive process, as you know it is, in running for president,” Giuliani said. “He understands the responsibility is on his shoulders now, which wasn't there back then.”
On CNN, Giuliani said that he didn't know if Trump “did it to anyone.” (”It” here, remember, is committing sexual assault.)
“This is talk,” Giuliani said.
Giuliani said that a lot of men talk the way Trump did, and that neither Trump nor Hillary Clinton should “throw stones” because they have “both sinned.” Giuliani said Trump “feels terrible about it,” but perhaps not terrible enough to stop him from lashing out at Clinton over her husband's infidelities.
“I believe he will not bring up Bill Clinton's personal life,” Giuliani said, but added that Trump might talk about how Hillary Clinton had responded to her husband's infidelities in the 1990s.
Giuliani admitted on ABC's “This Week” that what Trump was talking about in 2005 would have been sexual assault.
“Whether it happened or not, I don't know,” he said. “I do know there's a tendency on the part of some men at different times to exaggerate things like this, and I'm not in any way trying to excuse it or condone it.”
When Richard McDonald exits his Seattle hotel, he carries a large, black-and-yellow umbrella, even when the forecast calls for sunny skies. Though he may be fresh off a flight from Western North Carolina, the entomologist will quickly shake off any jet lag in the misty morning air. After 61 trips to Washington in the last nine years, he has this down to a routine.
When the dew lifts, McDonald will tread through mossy underbrush in and around the city, knocking on branches with a bamboo stick and collecting an ensuing shower of beetles into his upside-down umbrella. Carefully, he'll twirl it from black panel to yellow and back to black again — searching for small black beetles, Laricobius nigrinus — Lari, for short, and their white larvae. Sucking the beetles into an aspirator, he'll steadily click-click-click his thumb against a tally counter, counting each bug as it passes into the chamber.
“In my life, I never thought I would do anything that's important like this,” McDonald says. “It's a story of hope. Actually, it's even beyond hope. We're resurrecting the hemlock ecosystem. We've turned the tides.”
It's not just the parkway. Hemlock woolly adelgid infestations, seen here just north of downtown Asheville, can be identified by the presence of white, cotton-like egg sacs. Photo by Hayley Benton
Often referred to as Dr. McBug, the Watauga County resident has dedicated more than 15 years to saving the Carolina and Eastern hemlocks from extinction. The key to their survival, he says, lies in the Pacific Northwest.
“We needed this initiative 10 years ago,” McDonald says. “But the battle's almost over. It's like we've got Gandalf back on our side, and now we're going to go kick ass.”
In the early 1950s, an invasive, sap-sucking insect, the hemlock woolly adelgid, was unintentionally introduced to the East Coast, suspected to have arrived on horticultural imports from Asia. In their native environment, McDonald notes, adelgid populations are controlled by natural predators and can stimulate the tree, prune its needles and “make it a little tougher.” But this wasn't the case for the Southern Appalachians.
Once the aphidlike insect made its way South, where milder winters and a lack of natural predators allow a yearlong population, the path of destruction “spread much faster than anyone thought it would,” says Sarah Sheeran, stewardship associate at Southern Appalachian Highlands Conservancy.
Hemlocks are unique in that they don't compete for energy, McDonald explains. They're “like a rechargeable battery. They get all their energy from the winter sun, store it up and use it during [spring and summer] when they're in the shade of bursting greens.”
But with thriving winter woolly adelgid populations, the hemlocks don't store enough energy to survive. “It's this big, giant, winter generation of adelgid that kills the tree,” he says.
Searching for the predator in WNC Spending more than 100 nights per year away from home actually led McDonald to another, less expected (and slightly gross) discovery: a method of determining the predatory activity of his beetles. After a long day with the Laricobius, McDonald worried about a different kind of bug crawling between his hotel sheets. “Bedbugs feed on blood,” he explains, “and blood fluoresces under the right wavelength light.” So, in search of hotel bedbugs, he roamed through Seattle until he found and purchased a pocket ultraviolet wand. And although bedbug blood wasn't what McDonald found during his investigation, he packed up the UV pen in his duffle and, several days later, brought it home to Western North Carolina. “One night, I'm bored, I'm sick with a cold, I had this spy pen,” he says, “and I knew I also had adelgids with the predator on a tree out in the woods.” He walked outside, shining his wand, and, suddenly, found himself standing before a thousand tiny lights. “It looked like a Christmas tree,” he says. “Blue, yellow and chartreuse green” — with dots of brilliant orange glowing under the blacklight. You see, he continues, the Laricobius “is like a beneficial vampire. It eats six to eight of these adelgids a day. But, no, they don't chew them up. They're blood feeders; they come up to the adelgid, slit it open and suck it dry.” And because the adelgid has quinones in its blood, he says, the blood fluoresces bright under UV light. When [the Lariocbius] feeds on hemlock wooly adelgid, it leaves behind a mess, just like a vampire would — a blood spatter of blue and yellow and green.” According to McDonald's report, published in late 2013, an undisturbed adelgid egg sac fluoresces a bluish-white. A bleeding adult adelgid, likely attacked by Laricobius, glows a yellow-green. Predator-damaged eggs glow bright yellow. And when the Laricobius feed on their luminous prey, the blood changes color in their stomachs, leaving behind tiny dots of vivid, brilliant orange — fading to a pinkish red over time. This information makes it easier to determine if the seasonal predator has come out to feed, whether a predator is present on a specific tree, and how much activity and how recent the tree has seen a battle between beetles and bugs. To see more from McDonald and his colleague's report, click here.
The adelgid systematically eradicated millions of hemlocks in the region, turning once-thriving trees into bare, skeletonlike silhouettes. The National Park Service estimates that in some areas, including the Blue Ridge Parkway and Shenandoah National Park, around 80 percent of the hemlocks died due to infestation. Not only was the hemlocks' disappearance devastating from a visual standpoint, it also meant the threat of ecological imbalance.
The hemlocks “grow on stream corridors, providing very dense shade, which is important for water quality,” Sheeran explains. “[They] keep the water temperatures cool, which favors species like the brook trout, our only native trout species. If the hemlock goes, there's really nothing else like it that fills that ecological niche.”
Those studying the hemlocks, including himself, McDonald explains, “were operating under three misconceptions: The hemlock woolly adelgid was native [only] to Asia, there were no effective predators in the U.S. and that the hemlocks were doomed.”
Initial (and some ongoing) efforts in the '80s and '90s looked to Asia for a solution, seeking something in nature that would serve as a proper adversary to the ever-advancing pest. But around 1997, McDonald says entomologists realized the hemlock woolly adelgid is also native to the Pacific Northwest, where it has its own set of effective predators — including Laricobius nigrinus.
McDonald quickly realized that he and his colleagues could go out West to collect beetles more efficiently than through an expensive trip to Asia or via reproduction in a lab. With that revelation, the race was on. “We were discovering this while the house was on fire,” McDonald says. “It was a mad scramble; nobody was going to save our trees except us.”
In 2006, McDonald flew out to Seattle, collecting 3,586 beetles in a single sweep. “A lab would produce that many beetles in a year,” he explains. “But we're trying to solve problems in real time, trying to save as many trees as quickly as possible.”
McDonald's persistence to collect beetles not only benefits the region, but it also often generates some entertaining stories — like the time he bribed army servicemen with cigarettes to collect beetles from an on-base tree.
“If I had to dress in a ninja suit to go in there and get those beetles, that's what I would've done,” he says. “I chained myself to the hemlocks, man. But in a different way — in a scientific way.”
A few years later, McDonald determined that the adelgid had another West Coast predator, a sesame seed-sized beetle called Scymnus coniferarum. While Laricobius takes care of the adelgid in winter, this second predator picks up the slack in summer.
In the last decade, McDonald estimates he's collected 80,000 beetles from the Pacific Northwest. Meanwhile, the beetles he's brought back to WNC continue to reproduce. “By 2009, our trees [on Grandfather Mountain] quit dying,” he says. “That was six years ago. When you look at our trees, people are stunned.”
More than 14,000 beetles have been released at that site, McDonald notes, and the observant eye can spot them easily enough. “That's a 6,000-foot tall mountain, and when the winds get high, those beetles blow all over the place,” he says. “It's like a beetle volcano.”
So far, it seems this strategy is working. In fact, the evidence in support of predatory beetles “is pretty compelling,” says Sheeran.
“The foliage is rebounding, and the trees are responding positively with new growth,” she notes. “Biological control can make some people nervous. And while there are some instances of biological control gone bad, this one feeds exclusively on the woolly adelgid.”
Currently, McDonald supplies beetles to government agencies, community groups and even individuals for $5 per beetle, a rate that covers travel to and from Seattle for McDonald and his team. Everybody on the East Coast wants beetles, McDonald says — including Buncombe County.
At a May 19 meeting, Buncombe County agreed to purchase 5,000 Lari beetles in the county's next fiscal year, starting July 1. The nonprofits WNC Communities and MountainTrue will administer the release and monitoring of the beetles, reporting back to the county on their progress.
At the meeting, MountainTrue biologist Josh Kelly said the only way to guarantee an individual tree's survival is with chemical treatment. But when talking about an entire forest, “this predator-prey relationship, this ecological balance — that's the bridge to the future.”
From McDonald's perspective, the region is already seeing some beautiful progress. “This beetle spans, [in patches], from the border of Virginia all the way to Mars Hill,” he says.
If you want to see the difference these little insects are making, he adds, just look to the trees. “If I'm a little bummed out, all I have to do is go for a drive, see hemlocks, and I'm just like, ‘Woo-hoo! We did it!'”
Protesters in several French cities braved the rain and cold on Saturday to denounce the government's proposed extension of the state of emergency, which is set to expire at the end of February.
The largest demonstration took place in Paris, where police put participation at 5,000. Rally organizers, however, estimated a turnout of 20,000 people. Smaller marches were also held in 70 other cities, including Toulouse, Bordeaux and Marseille.
The Socialist government of President Francois Hollande adopted state of emergency legislation in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks in Paris that left 130 people dead. France's parliament is due to debate a proposal to extend the measure for a further three months in the coming days, ahead of a vote in the Senate later in February.
Protesters at Saturday's march complained that the emergency measures, which restrict public gatherings and give greater powers to police, have harmed democracy. Green party lawmaker Noel Mamere, who was taking part, said the state of emergency had laid the foundations for "a society under surveillance."
Other opponents argued it had done little to tackle the threat of terrorism.
"It has already been used during the COP 21 (climate talks) to lock down demonstrators who had nothing to do with terrorism, so I think that if it is extended, I don't know what more they could use it for, but in any case, it will not prevent terrorism," Alexandra Scappaticci, one of the protesters in Paris, told Reuters.
French lawmakers will also be considering a controversial plan to revoke the French citizenship of convicted terrorists with dual nationality. The measures have angered rights groups, who fear the move could fuel racism. Justice Minister Christiane Taubira announced her resignation earlier this week, citing her deep reservations about the reforms.
nm/bw (Reuters, AFP, AP)
By Andrew Burnes
Our new GeForce Game Ready 384.76 WHQL drivers are optimized for the LawBreakers "Rise Up" Open Beta and the Spider-Man: Homecoming VR Experience. To download and install, simply fire up GeForce Experience and click the "Drivers" tab.
Game Ready For LawBreakers' "Rise Up" Open Beta
Boss Key Productions' LawBreakers launches August 8th, but if you'd like to try the fast-paced first-person shooter before then you're in luck, as there'll be an Open Beta from June 30th to July 3rd.
Learn more about the game and the "Rise Up" Open Beta here, and be sure to download the new Game Ready driver for an optimized experience.
Game Ready For Spider-Man: Homecoming VR Experience
Heading out to the cinema to see Spider-Man: Homecoming this Summer? If you've got a VR headset you can enhance your understanding of the new Spider-Man and get a taste of how it'd feel to be Spider-Man by downloading the Spider-Man: Homecoming VR Experience, which launches June 30th.
To learn more about the free VR experience we spoke to Jake Zim, Senior Vice President of Virtual Reality at Sony Pictures Motion Picture Group, in our dedicated Spider-Man: Homecoming VR Experience article. Click here to check it out. And should you download the free experience on June 30th, be sure to also download and install our new Game Ready driver for the best possible experience.
GeForce Game Ready Driver - Download Now
You can download the new GeForce Game Ready drivers through GeForce Experience, our free, essential, game and system-enhancing application, which also records and streams gameplay, and grants you access to giveaways.
If you experience any technical issues with the new Game Ready drivers please post a detailed report on the GeForce.com Driver Feedback Forum, where our Customer Care team can better assist you. A list of fixes in this driver for previously-reported issues can be found here.
July 4th, 2017 Update: A hotfix driver that resolves a Watch Dogs 2 issue is available for download here.
Google passed on a potential acquisition of a non-U.S. company worth up to $5 billion it said
Google plans to spend US$20 billion to $30 billion of its accumulated international profits to fund potential acquisitions of non-U.S. companies and technology rights.
The company disclosed its plans to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) last year, in a document that was published Tuesday. The SEC had asked Google to describe its plans for reinvesting its undistributed earnings in greater detail.
In 2012, Google generated about half its revenue in non-U.S. markets. It said it will continue to use a substantial part of the profit from that business to acquire non-U.S. companies. The alternative, repatriating those earnings to the U.S., could expose it to a significant tax bill.
It plans to do so because its global business has expanded into other product offerings such as mobile devices, where its competitors and business partners are no longer primarily U.S.-based multinationals, Google told the SEC.
Over the past few years, Google has completed significant acquisitions with an increasing individual deal size, a trend that is likely to continue in future years, it said.
The company spent about $1.4 billion on more than 20 strategic deals in 2013, including the $1 billion acquisition of Waze, an Israeli navigation app developer, in June last year. Waze's navigation app lets users share information on obstacles along their routes to give other users real-time information about police checkpoints and accidents.
Google continued its non-U.S. acquisition spree this year. In January it acquired the London-based artificial intelligence company DeepMind Technologies for a reported $400 million. In February it acquired London-based ad fraud detection technology specialist Spider.io. And earlier this month, Google bought U.K. retail start-up Rangespan.
Google also "recently pursued but discontinued a potential buyout of a foreign company, with a valuation estimated in the range of $4 to $5 billion," it said, without naming the company. A Google spokesman declined to answer questions about the identity of that company or other acquisition targets.
Skipping over that deal doesn't mean Google is shying away from bigger acquisitions though. In 2012, the company spent $12.4 billion on the acquisition of Motorola Mobility before flipping it to Lenovo, and in January this year it bought the Californian smart thermostat maker Nest for $3.2 billion.
Following communications from bikesportnews.com over the Aspar MotoGP situation, Drive M7 have this morning issued this statement to us:
DRIVE M7 SDN BHD wishes to clarify the controversy as portrayed in the Internet and blogs with regard to its previous sponsorship of the ASPAR TEAM by the brand trademark “DRIVE M7 ENERGY DRINK”.
DRIVE M7 SDN BHD had a sponsorship agreement to sponsor the ASPAR TEAM in the MOTOGP World Championship in 2014 in consideration of ASPAR TEAM carrying the livery of the “DRIVE M7 ENERGY DRINK” trademark. The agreement was for the season 2014 with separate renewal options for the 2015 and 2016 seasons. The sponsorship was for 18 races of which 11 were for races in Europe and European Union territories for the year 2014.
In June 2014 in the midst of the 2014 season a legal notice to cease and desist was served on DRIVE M7 SDN BHD and ASPAR TEAM by a firm claiming trademark stating that continued use of the “DRIVE” mark in Europe and European Union would be trademark infringement and threatening legal action in the European Union, full details whereof are known to ASPAR TEAM.
ASPAR TEAM assured DRIVE M7 SDN BHD that their lawyers would attend to this issue. On this assurance, DRIVE M7 SDN BHD continued and completed the sponsorship for the 2014 season. A sum of about EURO 1,800,000.00 was paid to ASPAR TEAM in satisfaction of the sponsorship for the 2014 season.
Further there was no notification of the official withdrawal of the legal notice of June 2014, advised by ASPAR TEAM to DRIVE M7 SDN BHD. DRIVE M7 SDN BHD has been a responsible supporter of sports and racing sports and places great emphasis on respecting trademarks and intellectual property. In the premises inter alia there were no sponsorship arrangements concluded in so far as DRIVE M7 SDN BHD is concerned for the 2015 season. There were negotiations for a fresh sponsorship for 2015 season wherein reciprocal obligations were agreed including inter alia appointing Messrs. Jorge Martinez Aspar and Facundo G. De La Cuadra from the ASPAR TEAM as the exclusive distributor for the energy drinks in Europe and European Union based on various assurances from them and ASPAR TEAM. These reciprocal obligations are not fulfilled to date and hence no sponsorship are finalised or can be taken to be finalised in so far as DRIVE M7 SDN BHD is concerned for 2015 season.
ASPAR TEAM has recently initiated notice of legal action and DRIVE M7 SDN BHD has responded to the said notice. As there may be impending legal proceeding, DRIVE M7 SDN BHD does not wish to add further, suffice to say that DRIVE M7 SDN BHD will do the necessary to protect their interest.
DRIVE M7 SDN BHD trusts for the present this presents a fair and necessary response to the controversy that has been raised in the Internet blogs and press statement. We regret that ASPAR TEAM has issued press releases without giving DRIVE M7 SDN BHD an opportunity to add their comments to such releases.
DRIVE M7 SDN BHD refutes any suggestions that they pulled out the sponsorship at the last minutes. We wish ASPAR TEAM the best in their endeavours and the good relationship we had enjoyed.
It is unclear what effect the laws about prescription painkillers are having on death rates, which in some ways are the ultimate measure for any public policy aimed at reducing substance abuse. Some experts argue that measures to reduce prescribing painkillers may be having the unintended consequence of driving people to try heroin and other illicit drugs. Others dispute that, pointing out that the shift toward heroin use happened before the recent policy focus on opioids took hold.
The use of opioids began to skyrocket in the 1990s in the face of claims by pharmaceutical companies and medical experts that opioids could be used to treat conditions like back pain and arthritis without fear of addicting patients. But as their misuse and abuse became rampant, public health officials, doctors, regulators and pain-treatment advocates remained deadlocked for years over how to address the public health crisis, arguing over whether tighter prescribing rules would penalize patients who needed the medications.
Some patient and medical groups maintain that little scientific data exists to warrant major new restrictions. But such arguments appear to be losing sway.
Along with the threat of addiction, there is also growing evidence that when given to patients in high doses, opioids pose a greater risk of overdoses as well as problems such as sleep apnea, sharply reduced hormone production and increased sensitivity to pain.
“We have a much better sense of the risks,” said Dr. Bruce Psaty, a researcher at the University of Washington in Seattle, who studies drug safety. “The culture has begun to change.”
Sales of opioids reached an estimated $1.98 billion in 2014, according to IMS Health, a research firm that collects prescribing data. There is little question that the drugs help tens of thousands of patients function better, including those suffering from chronic or long-lasting pain.
The moves now underway in Massachusetts and other states are not the first attempts to control how drugs are prescribed. Every state, with the exception of Missouri, now has a so-called prescription monitoring program to try to stop people from getting prescriptions from multiple doctors.
Hundreds storm security building in Suez angry at decision to grant bail to seven officers facing trials for killing protesters
Hundreds of protesters pelted the security headquarters in the Egyptian city of Suez with rocks on Wednesday, angered by a court's decision to uphold the release of seven policemen facing trials for allegedly killing protesters during the country's uprising.
Riots and protests have been escalating recently over what many see as the reluctance of the military rulers to prosecute police and former regime officials for the killing of nearly 900 protesters.
Ahmed el-Ganadi, the father of a protester killed in Suez during the revolt, said hundreds of residents had marched towards the government building housing the courts and security headquarters to protest against the court decision.
"The courts are corrupt. They are complicit in denying us justice," Ganadi said. "We will no longer wait for a court decision to get our retribution."
Suez, at the southern tip of the strategic Suez canal, was the scene of some of the most dramatic confrontations between police and protesters during the 18-day uprising that ousted President Hosni Mubarak in February.
The military council that took over from Mubarak has promised democratic elections in the coming months and a transition to a civil government.
Justice for those who killed demonstrators has become a rallying point for the protest movement, which has splintered in political debates over how to manage the transition period.
"This is the spark … God help us with what is to come," Ganadi said.
The court in Suez rejected an appeal against the decision in a Cairo court on Monday to grant bail to seven policemen facing trial for the killings of 17 protesters in Suez.
The angry relatives stormed the Cairo courtroom after the initial ruling on Monday, while others blocked a highway linking Cairo to Suez for hours. Hundreds in Suez have been holding a sit-in since Monday at one of the city's main squares.
Lawyers said the courts had consistently denied a request to add more policemen to the case.
"A sit-in until we get retribution," read one of the signs raised by the protesters.
There are already calls for large protests in Egypt this week demanding fair trials and retribution, as well as measures to purge former regime officials from political and economic life.
Only one policeman has been convicted in more than a dozen court cases over the deaths of at least 846 people killed in the government crackdown on protesters. He was tried in absentia.
Mubarak and his two sons also face charges of killing protesters and amassing illegal wealth. Their trial is scheduled to begin on 3 August.
Protesters complain that court officials have generally been lax with police officers accused of shootings during the uprising, allowing many to stay in work while facing murder charges or setting them free on bail. They say this leaves victims' families subject to intimidation.
By contrast, human rights activists complain that minor offenders and protesters are referred to military tribunals known for quick and harsh sentences.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump said on Friday Mexico would repay the United States for his planned border wall, a day after news emerged that his transition team was exploring getting the Republican-led Congress to vote to approve the funding.
U.S. President-elect Donald Trump speaks briefly to reporters between meetings at the Mar-a-Lago Club in Palm Beach, Florida, U.S. December 28, 2016. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
Trump told the New York Times he would most likely seek repayment through renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement, which groups the United States, Mexico and Canada.
Sean Spicer, a spokesman for Trump, said on Friday the incoming administration would need government funding to build the wall and that Trump said in October Mexico's payment would be a reimbursement.
“The idea that we're going through the appropriations process and figuring out how to pay for it shouldn't be news,” he told a briefing, confirming earlier reports on the funding.
Trump's promise to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border, and make Mexico pay for it, was a major campaign theme and helped energise his supporters. The suggestion has infuriated Mexican officials who have said they would never agree to pay for a wall.
Trump may face resistance in Congress to the idea of the United States paying for the wall. Some Republican lawmakers worry about the high cost and question whether it is the best way to solve the complex issue of illegal migration.
Some conservative groups have called for a crackdown on benefits and jobs available to illegal migrants, which they say are a magnet for migration.
Republican Representative Luke Messer told reporters on Friday he had proposed legislation to get Mexico to pay for the border wall by ending a child tax credit given to illegal immigrant parents, which he said cost $4.2 billion annually.
“If you close that loophole for two years, you could pay for the higher ticket cost,” Messer said, referring to one estimate that a wall could cost $10 billion.
CNN and other media organizations reported on Friday Trump's transition team had signalled to congressional Republicans that he preferred to fund the wall through Congress as soon as April.
In response, Trump tweeted that the media was not reporting that Mexico would repay money spent to build the wall.
A ‘Pay for the Wall' memo Trump's team issued in early 2016 proposed pressuring Mexico by cutting off remittances from undocumented Mexicans in the United States. It proposed amending the Patriot Act, passed after the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks, to include wire transfers as accounts that could be frozen.
“It's an easy decision for Mexico: make a one-time payment of $5-10 billion to ensure that $24 billion (in remittances) continues to flow into their country year after year,” the memo said. “We have the leverage, so Mexico will back down,” it said.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto's office declined to comment on Trump's comments on Friday. In August, Pena Nieto told Trump Mexico would not pay for a border wall.
Representative Martha McSally, the Republican chair of the border and maritime security subcommittee, told Reuters a 2006 law known as the “Secure Fence Act” would give Trump the authority he needs to extend fencing or build a wall.
An internal report prepared by U.S. Customs and Border Protection estimates initial costs for expanding border fencing would cost over $11.3 billion.
Building a wall would be more costly.
Trump has signalled since being elected that he would be open to fencing rather than a wall in some areas.
If funding was tied to a government funding bill, lawmakers could be forced to approve it to avoid a government shutdown. House appropriators have no interest in threatening a shutdown, spokeswoman Jennifer Hing said.
“The (appropriations) committee has not received any request from the Trump team or GOP leadership on this issue. If and when a proposal is received, we will take a careful look at it,” she said.
The Mexican peso, which briefly weakened about 0.2 percent against the dollar following Trump's tweet, fell to record lows this week as Trump intensified criticism of businesses making goods in Mexico rather than in the United States.
HALF A CENTURY OF
THE GERMAN MOON BASE
The Germans landed on the Moon as early as probably 1942, utilizing their larger exoatmospheric rocket saucers of the Miethe and Schriever type. The Miethe rocket craft was built in diameters if 15 and 50 meters, and the Schriever Walter turbine powered craft was designed as an interplanetary exploration vehicle. It had a diameter of 60 meters, had 10 stories of crew compartments, and stood 45 meters high. Welcome to Alice in Saucerland. In my extensive research of dissident American theories about the physical conditions on the Moon I have proved beyond the shadow of a doubt that there is atmosphere, water and vegetation on the Moon, and that man does not need a space suit to walk on the Moon. A pair of jeans, a pullover and sneakers are just about enough. Everything NASA has told the world about the Mood is a lie and it was done to keep the exclusivity of the club from joinings by the third world countries. All these physical conditions make it a lot easier to build a Moon base.
Ever since their first day of landing on the Moon, the Germans started boring -and tunneling under the surface, and by the end of the war there was a small Nazi research base on the Moon. The free energy tachyon drive craft of the Haunibu-1 and 2 type were used after 1944 to haul people," material and the first robots to the construction site on the Moon. When Russians and Americans secretly landed jointly on the Moon in the early fifties with their own saucers, they spent their first night there as guests of the .... Nazi underground base. In the sixties a massive Russian - American base had been built on the Moon, that now has a population of 40,000 people, as the rumor goes. After the end of the war in May 1945, the Germans continued their space effort from their south polar colony of Neu Schwabenland. I have discovered a photograph of their underground space control center there.
GERMAN-JAPANESE MILITARY R&D COOPERATION:
A Japanese friend of mine in Los Angeles related to me the story of his friend's father, who worked as technician in an aircraft research bureau in Japan during the war. In July of 1945, two and a half months after the war ended in Germany, a huge German transport submarine brought to Japan the latest of German inventions - two spherical wingless flying devices. The Japanese R&D team put the machines together, following the German instructions, and... there was something very bizarre and other-earthy standing in front of them - a ball shaped flying device without wings or propellers, that nobody knew how it flied. The fuel was added, the start button of this unmanned machine was pressed* and it .... disappeared with a roar and flames without a in the sky. The team never saw it again. The engineers were so frightened by the unexpected might of the machine, that they promptly dynamited the second prototype and choose to forget the whole incident.
GERMAN-JAPANESE FLIGHT TO THE MOON AND MARS IN 1945-46:
A volunteer suicide crew of Germans and Japanese was chosen, because everybody knew that this journey was a one-way journey with no retum. The large intensity of the electro-magnetogravitic fields and the inferior quality of the metal alloys used then for the structural elements of the drive, was causing the metal to fatigue and get very brittle only after a few months of work of the drive. The flight to Mars departed from Germany one month before the war ended - in April 1945.
It was probably a large crew, numbering in the hundreds, because of the low level of automation and electronic controls inside the saucer. Most of the systems of the craft had to be operated like these on a U-boat of that time - manually. Because the structurally weakened tachyon drives were not working with full power and not all the time, the trip to Mars took almost 8 months to accomplish. An initial short trust towards Mars was probably used the strong gravitational field close to Earth, after that the craft was "coasting" for 8 months in an elliptical orbit to Mars with its main drives turned off. Later trips to Mars by the joint Soviet - American craft in 1952 and by the Vatican craft of the Marconi project from Argentina in 1956 reached Mars in only 2 - 3 days, because their drives were working during the whole flight: accelerating in the first half and decelerating in the second. Smaller Kohler converters were probably used to power the systems and life support equipment on board. I do not have any information at the present time about any artificial gravity capability on board the craft, but that could have been easily done with the large antigravity drives of the ship.
After a heavy, almost crashing landing, the saucer slammed to a stop, damaging irreparably its drives, but saving the crew. That happened in the middle of January 1946. The crash landing on Mars was not only due to the crippled tachyon drives of the craft - it was also due to the smaller gravitational fleld of Mars generating less power for the tachyon drives; and also due to the thinner atmosphere on Mars, that could not be used as effectively for air breaking as the Earth's atmosphere could. The craft was shaped as a giant saucer - a form that is very efficient as an air brake, when it is entered into the atmosphere with its luge cross-section perpendicular to the trajectory of descent.
One question, that I have not answered yet in the affirmative is how were the Germans able to regenerate the air inside the craft for 8 months for this big crew. Quite probably they were using advanced life support systems, developed initially for their larger Walter turbine and free energy submarines, that were cruising the oceans without resurfacing.
The radio message with the mixed news was received by the German underground space control center in Neu Schwabenland and by their research base on the Moon.
Transcript
>> Turkish president Tayyip Erdoğan's face on a campaign poster. But this isn't Turkey, this is Germany, just days before a German national election. It's addressing the million or more German-Turkish voters here who are caught in a tug of war for their loyalty.>> I'm Reuters Rosanna Philpot in Berlin where campaigning ahead of the election is clearly underway.
But relations between Ankara and Berlin have deteriorated so badly that Erdoğan has actually asked Turkish German citizens not to vote for mainstream parties. He calls them enemies of the Turkey.>> The man behind this campaign poster, Remzi Aru, founded the first Turkish-German party last year.>> The message is very simple.
The message is, what Erdoğan said, he said give your votes to parties who are not enemies of Turkey, who are Turkish-friendly. And there's only one party who's not doing politics against Turkey. There's only one single party, and that's mine, it's very dangerous. And we're the opposition.>> Turkish-Germans are the biggest ethnic minority group in Germany and possibly Europe.
Whilst parties battle for their vote, Erdoğan and Germany's Angela Merkel trading barbs. Merkel hinted in a TV debate last week, she would seek and end to Turkey's EU membership talks. While Erdoğan has cautioned his country men from travelling to Germany, saying anti-Turkish sentiment there has made it unsafe.
Some of Berlin's Turkish community told Reuters that the tensions are unwelcome and unnecessary.>> Can Erdoğan forbid anyone anything, he can maybe speak about his recommendations but he can't forbid me anything. It's his opinion and it is a democratic country and should stay that way.>> The outcome of this ongoing feud could have a major impact the German election.
Washington Post Insinuates Andrew Johnson the Only Impeached President – Forgets Slick Willy
Guest post by Joe Hoft
How is President Trump doing? According to the main stream media (MSM) and Democrat Party President Trump is close to impeachment . In an editorial this weekend the Washington Post noted:
No American president has ever been removed for such abuses, although Andrew Johnson was impeached and came within a single vote of being convicted by the Senate and removed, and Richard Nixon resigned to avoid that fate.
The editorial goes on to suggest Trump should be impeached for firing former FBI Director James Comey. It suggests again with no proof to date that Russia is the reason that President Trump beat Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Presidential race. What nonsense!
What the WaPo omits in its left wing hit piece is that Democrat President Bill Clinton was the other Democrat who was impeached. Only two Presidents have ever been impeached and both were Democrats – Johnson and Clinton.
President Clinton's Administration was involved in investigations his entire eight years in office but he was never prosecuted, and thus his name ‘Slick Willy' took root. Finally, however, the odds caught up to him.
Former President Bill Clinton was impeached in December 1998 on two counts (perjury and obstructing justice) becoming the second President in US history to be impeached. The impeachment was a result of his crimes related to a sexual harassment suit filed by Arkansas employee Paula Jones.
disgusting and long trial process that ended in his impeachment and a settlement for Leading up to his impeachment President Clinton became the first president to testify before a grand jury in his own defense. Rather than stepping down, the Clintons put the whole country through athat ended in his impeachment and a settlement for $850,000 with Jones.
Although the Clintons and their media surrogates played the impeachment as a witch hunt against the victimized Clintons, this depiction couldn't be further than the truth. The Jones case wasn't an isolated incident. Over the years a list of at least 17 women who were raped, assaulted or had affairs with Clinton was assimilated as reported at Heavy.com –
Juanita Broaddrick | Kathleen Willey | Paula Jones | Sandra Allen James | Eileen Wellstone | Christy Zercher | Carolyn Moffet | Helen Dowdy | Becky Brown | Regina Blakely Hopper | Monica Lewinsky | Elizabeth Ward Gracen | Gennifer Flowers | Connie Hamzy | Dolly Kyle Browning | Sally Miller (Sally Perdue) | Lencola Sullivan
Bill Clinton didn't suddenly find a cure to his sexual deviant behavior after his impeachment. He was a frequent flyer on a registered sex offender's infamous jet called the “Lolita Express” beginning in the early 2000's. Flight logs show Clinton took at least 26 trips aboard the plane — even apparently ditching his Secret Service detail for at least five of the flights.
The plane was owned by Jeffrey Epstein, a known pedophile billionaire who spent 13 months in prison and home detention for solicitation and procurement of minors for prostitution. Epstein allegedly had a team who procured girls as young as 12 to service his friends on “Orgy Island,” an estate on Epstein's 72-acre island, in the U.S. Virgin Islands. Bill Clinton was there on numerous occasions.
One woman not on the list above, Bobbi Ann Williams , was an Arkansas prostitute who says her son, Danney, is Bill Clinton's son.
Of course when the news that Impeached Clinton had an illegitimate son was presented on the Drudge Report, the Washington Post reported that this story was false.
Now the Washington Post is omitting reporting former President Bill Clinton was impeached but certifies that Donald Trump should be. Go figure.
Nick Mamatas wrote a post on Facebook today about how writers can go about finding an agent.
As someone who will hopefully start shopping a book around soon, this was a godsend. Straightforward, no nonsense.
With Mr. Mamatas's permission, here is the post as he wrote it.
This is *one* method of finding a literary agent. Note to writers: leaving a comment that reads, “Nuh-uh, because I found my agent a different way!” is basically an IQ test you have decided to fail publicly. The best way to find agents is by starting with writers who have recently commercially published something similar to your own book. Use search engines, or the acknowledgment pages of their books, to create a list of twenty-five agents. Then break that list of 25 into 5 groups of 5, based basically on how important/prominent the agents are. Do whatever those five agents say—if they want a query or sample chapters or whatever, just comply. They'll probably want slightly different things. Six weeks later, hit the second list of five. Six weeks after that, the next five. After the second raft, you'll probably start getting answers. Some may ask for the whole ms on “exclusive”—90 days or so to think about it. If the agent is very good, give it to 'em. If not, keep on sending more packages out. While you are doing this, work on your next book, as the response you get from an agent might just be, “Not this one, but do you have anything else?” and you want to be able to answer “YES.”
If at the end of 25 agents you get 25 form rejections, something is dreadfully wrong with your book. If you get a lot of positive responses, but no agent, take a little break and try again with that second book. If you got an agent, you have an agent! Now as far as agents go, good agents:
generally speaking have a New York office
have clients you've heard of
have clients whose books you can find by walking into a Barnes and Noble and looking (and you should go to a B&N and look)
are enthusiastic about you, not just about the single book you are pitching
do not also work for or as a packager
do not charge reading fees or any other out-of-pocket expenses except perhaps for international mailing of published books to foreign agents or publishers—and those charges will be subtracted from foreign sales monies
do not generally charge more than 15% commissions
have no independent interest in your stuff—that is, they're not also a film producer and want to make a side deal with you, etc.
And that's it. Nick Mamatas's guide to finding an agent.
Take a look at Nick's latest, a book of cocktail recipes and cocktail-themed stories by some truly talented people, co-edited by Molly Tanzer.
A cocktail is like an excellent story―bitter and sweet and over too quickly, but the memory of it stays with you. From the Pimm's Cup to Smoking Bishop, the Manhattan to the Moscow Mule, Mixed Up features not only more than two dozen classic recipes and hot tips on ingredients and preparations, but new cocktail-themed short stories from some of today's most popular and acclaimed writers.
Top photo by Álvaro Serrano on Unsplash
Akiba's Beat latest news live stream set for October 12
Acquire's Akihabara-set action RPG.
Acquire will host an “Akiba's Beat Release Date Decision Commemoration” live stream via Niconico on October 12 at 20:00 JST, the company announced.
The live stream—which will feature game writer Mafia Kajita, Riyu Momose voice actress Erii Yamazaki, anime-chick idol Minami Momochi, and Akiba's Beat director Kohta Takano—promises the latest information about the Akihabara-set action RPG.
The program will begin with 30 minutes of trailer and background music compilations before the main broadcast.
The PlayStation 4 version of Akiba's Beat was recently dated in Japan for a December 15 release, with the PS Vita version's release date still to be announced. A North American release is due out across both platforms in Q1 2017.
MANILA – A member of the Presidential Security Group (PSG) was found dead inside his quarters at Malacañang Park, an official said Tuesday.
PSG chief Lope Dagoy identified the PSG member as Major Harim Gonzaga.
Dagoy said Gonzaga was found dead inside his quarters located in Malacañang Park at 8:50 a.m.
He said Gonzaga, 37, had a gunshot wound to the chest.
The PSG chief said the organization does not want to speculate on the cause of Gonzaga's death but he noted there were no indications of foul play or signs of struggle at the scene.
“We cannot speculate. Mahirap sabihing suicide. We don't have all the data,” he told reporters.
Dagoy said Gonzaga's wife, who works as part of the Presidential escort, said she and Gonzaga did not have any recent major fight. He said the wife noted that Gonzaga had complained of his workload.
The PSG chief said President Rodrigo Duterte was most likely inside Bahay Pagbabago, which is located near the PSG quarters, when the incident occurred.
“I assume the President was there pero malayo naman iyan sa lugar ng pinanggalingan [ng putok],” he said.
Simon Cox investigates the secretive world of one of Malawi's biggest charities - DAPP (Development Aid from People to People). For decades governments including the US, UK and other European nations have donated many millions of dollars to DAPP for projects ranging from sanitation to teaching. But DAPP has a big secret - it is under the control of a Danish cult-like organisation called the Teachers Group. It was set up in the 1970s and ran alternative schools in Denmark before expanding to Africa. Its members have to contribute up to a third of their salaries to 'a common economy', have to be available 24/7 under a principle called 'common time' and many complain of being 'brainwashed' by the organisation. Senior leaders of the Teachers Group are wanted by Interpol on fraud charges and are thought to be holed up in a $25m complex in Mexico. Danish investigators concluded the group has been engaged in a complex financial fraud with over 100 charities, companies and offshore shells in 50 countries used in funding the lifestyle of the leaders. Simon travels to Malawi to reveal DAPP's secrets, hearing from insiders about how it works and the toll it has taken on them and their families. He has also obtained access to a cache of documents revealing the links between the Teachers Group and DAPP and presents some of this evidence to UNICEF and DFiD.
This BBC investigation is in partnership with Reveal from the Center for Investigative Reporting (CIR).
Anna Meisel producing.
Readers of this post will probably be aware of the passing project headed by Ryan Stimson (@RK_Stimp). The idea behind the project is to track the passes that lead to a shot in NHL games. Volunteers track the players making the passes, the player taking the shot, the zone locations of the passes, the shot types and pass types for each shot in a given game. With this granularity of data, we can then begin to piece together which types of passing sequences are more likely to lead to goals than others. Ryan has already done some amazing work in this area over at Hockey Graphs. Reading those articles before proceeding with this piece will give a better idea of the context in which this piece is written. His first piece on playing behind the net can be found here and his second piece on neutral zone play can be found here.
Ryan's article on playing behind the net is the foundation for this piece. In that article, he looked at what can be learned from the passing project data about strategy in the offensive zone. To do that, he looked at two types of passing sequences. He examined shots that follow passes from behind the net and shots that follow low to high passes. The most important part of his findings in that article was that those passing sequences are repeatable at a team level and thus can be considered a tactic. Basically, it appears that certain coaching staffs encourage playing from behind the net or from low to high more than others, which makes intuitive sense. And when intuitive thought and data driven analysis align, confidence in the conclusion is high.
The passing project tracks several specific types of passes that can occur in the offensive zone. Behind the net passes are one type. Volunteers also track passes back to the point, royal road passes and passes occurring directly from a faceoff. All other passes fall into a more general category and are tracked based on zone and location. Ryan's piece on offensive zone strategy clearly defines behind the net passes. Passes back to the point is a more subjective term but is used when a player passes the puck from deeper in the offensive zone back to the blue line. Most often, these passes go to defenders. Passes directly from faceoffs occur when the player taking the faceoff gets the puck to a player who takes a shot. Royal road passes occur when the pass crosses an imaginary line that extends straight back from the center of the goal to the point even with the top of the faceoff circles. That line is illustrated below. The creator of the royal road concept is former NHL goalie Steve Valiquette. Shots that follow royal road passes are more dangerous because they force the goaltender to move laterally which will generally create openings for shooters.
As a first step in examining the shots that follow each type of pass, the chart below shows a random sample of shots following each pass type in the offensive zone. Each dot is a shot, the blue dots are non-scoring chances and the orange dots are scoring chances.
The point of this chart is fairly obvious. Shots following royal road passes and behind the net passes are more likely to lead to scoring chances than other types of passes. But to put actual numbers to this visual representation, the following chart shows 5v5 shooting percentages for each shot type if the shot makes it on goal.
Again, the numbers tell a clear story. Passes from behind the net and royal road passes lead to more dangerous shots with the shooting percentage following royal road passes at almost 28%.
Ryan's work on passes from behind the net clearly established that those passing sequences are not only repeatable at a team level but also significant predictors of goals scored. The first step in this follow-up analysis is to repeat his process and apply it to royal road passes. To coincide with his analysis, the sample of teams is limited only to those that have at least 30 games tracked in the project. To measure the repeatability of royal road passes at a team level, we split each team's games in half and compare the number of royal road passes in each set of games. The result of this initial analysis is that at team level, royal road passes are not shown to be repeatable. The r^2 value is only 0.03.
One conclusion that could be drawn from this is that royal road passing is essentially random and therefore not worth studying further. However, other explanations for the lack of repeatability in this sample are viable. One is that the sample size is not large enough. Royal road passes are low frequency events. They occur even less frequently than behind the net passes. As the sample size of the project increases, the repeatability at the team level could improve.
Qualitative factors could also be impacting the data. Teams tend to collapse to the middle of the ice defensively and that makes it difficult to complete royal road passes. Defensive strategy could be playing a part in decreasing the quantity of royal road passes and thus, making it difficult to collect a sample large enough to show repeatability. Another explanation could be that teams don't encourage royal road passing because cross ice passes increase the likelihood of a turnover and a potential breakout going back the other way. Whatever the explanation, the data does not support the idea of team level repeatability for this type of pass. However, a lack of repeatability at the team level is not a reason to give up on examining a type of pass that leads to a 28% shooting percentage.
If royal road passing is not repeatable at a team level in the sample, the next logical step is to go one step further and look for repeatability at a player level. In order to do this, we follow the same split half analysis approach. But instead of limiting the sample to players on teams with 30 or more games tracked, the sample is limited to players who have at least 60 minutes played in each half of the split half analysis. TOI was pulled from corsica.hockey.
Below are the charts with the correlations for team level royal road passing, player level behind the net passing and player level royal road passing. Also included is a new measure called Dangerous Primary Shot Contribution, which consists of Primary Shot Contributions where the primary assist is either a behind the net pass or a royal road pass. The name is derived from Ryan's earlier work, which identifies shots and primary shot assists as Primary Shot Contributions (PSCs). And based on the shooting percentages at the beginning of this article, royal road and behind the net PSCs are the most dangerous PSCs. This analysis only includes the passing portion of DPSCs so the measure is referred to as DPSC A1. Each of these statistics at the player level is calculated as a per sixty minute rate stat.
What we see in these scatter plots is that while royal road passing is not repeatable at a team level, it is repeatable at a player level. And that suggests that at least part of the issue with not being able to observe repeatability at the team level is the sample size. Behind the net passing also shows as repeatable at a player level. And finally, the new measure, DPSC A1 is also repeatable. All three player level values have a p-value of less than .0001 meaning that these results would be unlikely to happen by chance.
The rest of the article will look at the teams and players who most frequently make these types of passes as well as which players frequently take the shots following these types of passes. Here is the first chart, which shows team and player breakdowns of just the shot assists portion of DPSC. The players who excel by this measure could be considered high-end playmakers because they frequently create the most dangerous types of shots. The numbers in this chart are per game because compiling per sixty minute rate stats with TOI restrictions at a team level in this format would distort the team totals. A table with per sixty minute rate stats for each player is available at the end of the article.
Hopefully, the chart speaks for itself (otherwise it has no point) so I won't spend too much dictating what it represents. But interestingly, the team with the most royal road and behind the net passes in the data set is the Vancouver Canucks. That seems surprising given that they weren't particularly good last year and definitely did not seem like an offensive powerhouse. However, they do still have the Sedins. And those two alone are enough to drive the Canucks to the top of this chart. Not surprisingly, Henrik (aka “Passy”) Sedin leads the Canucks and the entire NHL in dangerous primary shot assists. And before we move on to the shots portion of DPSC, I'll give you one guess which player is receiving all of those passes from Henrik Sedin.
If you guessed (aka “Shooty”) Sedin, congrats to you. He has one of the highest DPSC shot rates of any player in the league. And finally, here are the DPSC totals on a per game basis.
For each team, players widely considered to be the best offensive player on the team frequently lead the team in DPSC, which is a good sign that DPSC is a reasonable measure of offensive play. One of the goals of the passing project is to identify creative offensive players and differentiate that particular skill set from other more grinding styles of offensive play.
The passing project allows for an incredibly detailed level of analysis. Examining behind the net passes and royal road passes is just one facet of what the data can offer. As the data set grows, we will continue to learn more about the types of passing sequences that lead to goals and which players and teams excel at those types of sequences. As a closing for this article, the below chart allows you to see the DPSC numbers for every player in the data set. The numbers in the table are calculated as per sixty minute rate stats, which is the best way to compare individual players. The table allows you to sort by each field and filter by position or team.
Munster's James Cronin has been banned for four weeks after stamping on Leinster's Jamison Gibson-Park during the two sides' Pro12 clash at the Aviva Stadium on Saturday.
Towards the end of the match – which Leinster won 25-14 – Cronin appeared to stamp down on the prone scrumhalf with his boot making contact with the Leinster man's face.
A statement from the league confirmed: “The Disciplinary Committee, chaired by Rod McKenzie along with Kathrine Mackie and Rory Bannerman (all Scotland), having considered all of the evidence and listened to representations by and on behalf of Mr Cronin, found that Mr Cronin had committed an act of foul play under Law 10.4(b) that warranted a red card (namely, recklessly stamping on the head of an opponent).
Having heard submissions on sanction, the Disciplinary Committee concluded that the offending was at the mid range of World Rugby's scale of seriousness for this type of offending, which has an entry point of 5 weeks. After taking into account mitigating factors, the Disciplinary Committee determined the appropriate sanction to be a playing suspension of 4 weeks.
Mr Cronin is free to play again on Monday, 7 November 2016, and also has a right of appeal.”
Re: God kills filthy German cucumber whores! - 06-02-2011, 02:33 AM 06-02-2011, 02:33 AM Quote: Cranky Old Man Originally Posted by God punishes those that ignore His Holy Bible! Countries like Japan, Haiti and Iceland, who spend most of their time on mocking God and raping innocent children, got smited over and over until they got the message. For all those filthy filthy gays, God invented AIDS.
Romans 1:26-27 "For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature : And likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust one toward another; men with men working that which is unseemly , and receiving in themselves that recompence of their error which was meet."
And now God has decided to solve the growing problem of cucumber sluts. As is well known from the gigantic German porn industry, Germany has the most cucumber sluts. So obviously God hit Germany the hardest!
We all know howCountries like Japan, Haiti and Iceland, who spend most of their time on mocking God and raping innocent children, got smited over and over until they got the message. For all those filthy filthy gays, God invented AIDS.And now God has decided to solve the growing problem of cucumber sluts. As is well known from the gigantic German porn industry, Germany has the most cucumber sluts. E. coli outbreak in Germany: Women more affected God will kill this filthy German cucumber slut: It's wrong to think about, I know; but I didn't know that was even possible. Surely, she'd have thrown up eventually!
WASHINGTON (The Borowitz Report)—In what critics are calling a desperate attempt to draw the media's attention away from Donald Trump, the other fifteen candidates for the Republican nomination have released a joint sex tape.
The tape, including such luminaries as former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee, Texas senator Ted Cruz, former Florida governor Jeb Bush, and New Jersey governor Chris Christie, appeared briefly on major news Web sites before an avalanche of viewer revulsion demanded it be taken down.
According to Carol Foyler, a viewer who happened to catch the tape during its brief appearance on the CNN Web site, the video contained images "I may never be able to get out of my mind."
"I couldn't believe that these people would participate in such a thing," she said. "Except maybe Santorum."
A spokesman for Rick Perry defended the former Texas governor's appearance on the tape. "It changed the conversation, at least for a minute or two," the spokesman said.
Possibly as a result of his exclusion from the sex tape, in the aftermath of its release Trump has surged another eleven points in the latest poll.
Our Blizzard Preview: Hearthstone, Overwatch, and Heroes of the Storm Panel and Livestream at PAX East 2015 has just concluded. In case you missed it, we're excited to share some of the latest Heroes of the Storm updates with you, straight from Boston!
During the panel, Game Director Dustin Browder took the stage to discuss the Closed Beta and some of the changes we're planning for Open Beta, leading up to launch. If you're interested in watching a panel recap, you can find it on the official PAX Twitch channels.
Beta Stats
Quick Match
The brawls have been coming fast and furious in the Nexus, and if you're curious about how your favorite Heroes are faring, we have some fun stats you might enjoy. Currently, the overall win/loss percentages for our Heroes are fairly close. In fact, Diablo and Zagara are our most balanced Heroes with a win percentage right around 50%. The rest of the roster only varies from this figure by around 3%, but if you're curious, these are the current top-tier Heroes in Quick Match:
The Lost Vikings
Brightwing
Nazeebo
Uther
Rehgar
Our lowest-tier Hero is currently Chen, and going forward we may make some balance changes to bring him more closely in line with the rest of the roster.
Hero League
Top-tier play is very competitive, and the winningest characters in Hero League are:
Illidan
Rehgar
Sgt. Hammer
The Lost Vikings
Tyrande
Our most balanced Heroes in Hero League are Zeratul and Valla, with the lowest-tier being Murky. As always, we plan to make balance adjustments to ensure that all Heroes are viable in their own right.
Battlegrounds
Tomb of the Spider Queen
The next new Battleground coming to the Nexus is Tomb of the Spider Queen—a small map that feels like a knife fight in a closet. It's a dark and moody interior space where you destroy enemy minions to claim the gems they drop. Turning these gems in will summon a powerful wave of Webweavers to attack your enemies. You drop any gems you're carrying when you die, but while your enemies can't pick them up, savvy opponents may deny your teammates the opportunity of retrieving them. Here's a preview of this creepy crypt:
Sky Temple
Our most recently released Battleground is Sky Temple— a very large map where most of your core objectives are outside the lanes. Teams must periodically fight to capture the ancient temples, defeat their guardians, and use their awesome power to destroy the enemy's fortifications.
Heroes of the Storm's dynamic Battlegrounds provide players with interesting choices—during play, as well as when choosing Heroes, Talents, Battleground strategies, and team composition.
Next Hero: Sylvanas Windrunner
Today we also announced our next playable Hero—Sylvanas! The Dark Lady is a sneaky, evil Specialist Hero who specializes in high DPS and Siege damage, corrupting and cursing towers and minions to shut them down. Check out her new Hero Trailer below:
Eager to see what Sylvanas looks like in action? Well look no further than this follow-up video, which showcases many of Sylvanas's unique Abilities:
First up is “Withering Fire” (Q). This ability rapidly shoots arrows at the closest enemy target for light damage, prioritizing enemy Heroes. It stores up to 5 charges and can be used while moving to quickly unleash a barrage of lethal burst damage. Targets killed by Sylvanas will replenish the ability's charges so Sylvanas can continue to rain death upon her foes.
Next is the “Shadow Dagger” (W) ability. This ability initially deals light damage to the target and then sticks around to deals moderate damage over the next few seconds. As it deals damage, the effect spreads to nearby targets, so it's especially useful in tightly packed groups where the effect can overtake the entire enemy force.
The third ability we showcased was “Haunting Wave” (E). This ability sends forth a wave of banshees who deal moderate damage to all targets. The ability can be reactivated to teleport to the banshees' location for added mobility—just what a nimble ranger needs for flanking maneuvers, chases, or clutch escapes.
Next we shared Sylvanas's first Heroic Ability, “Wailing Arrow” (R1). This ability shoots a special arrow that explodes for heavy AOE damage and silences enemies for 2.5 seconds. It's a flexible ability that can be used to clear waves, hunt down Heroes, and interrupt their channeled abilities.
Lastly, we shared Sylvanas's second Heroic Ability, “Possession” (R2). This ability forces an enemy Minion or Mercenary to fight for you. Targets gain bonus health and deal more damage while serving the Banshee Queen. The more powerful the target you steal, the longer you'll have to wait to use the ability again, so there's strategy in who you recruit.
Game System Updates
This mockup is only a representation of what the screen may look like in a future patch, and Stimpacks will not affect ranking.
We've been hard at work on a number of UI and game system improvements as well.
In addition to making your hard-won player portraits more prominent again, you'll notice that we've cleaned up the Summary screen UI, prominently displaying your Account Level, Hero Level, Hero League Rank, and more. You can also see detailed contributions from each player in our Stats screen.
Hero League and Team League
We've been putting a lot of work into improving Ranked Play, and in the coming months we will be offering you a closer look at Team League, which will premiere in our next major patch. In the meantime, check out the screenshot below to see how it's shaping up! In this mode you create up to three teams with rosters of up to nine players each for 5v5 battles. Each team will have separate rankings, allowing you to take turns playing with different groups of friends. Team League is meant to be the most competitive, ultimate expression of the best players in Heroes of the Storm, and will include a prestigious Grandmaster League, much like StarCraft II.
Play Nice, Play Fair
Playing nice and playing fair is important. We're continuing to develop tools and systems that reduce toxicity so players can focus on having fun, whether they're alone in the Nexus or playing with friends.
Mute Allies – For those moments when you want to focus on gameplay and pings, this setting will allow you to mute allied chat. We feel confident that the ping system and objectives should be enough to get you through most games.
For those moments when you want to focus on gameplay and pings, this setting will allow you to mute allied chat. We feel confident that the ping system and objectives should be enough to get you through most games. Clans – This robust system is currently under development, and we'd love to hear your feedback about what you want out of them. We currently envision Clans as a way for players to team up with like-minded players with similar goals and interests—and we hope to offer enticing rewards for them as well.
This robust system is currently under development, and we'd love to hear your feedback about what you want out of them. We currently envision Clans as a way for players to team up with like-minded players with similar goals and interests—and we hope to offer enticing rewards for them as well. Rating System – We've also heard feedback that players like the idea of a rating system for individual players, and we're considering exploring this possibility further.
Progression
We also have a number of progression updates coming in future patches:
NEW 7 Day Stimpack at Account Level 10 – This reward will also be granted to players who have already reached Account Level 10.
– This reward will also be granted to players who have already reached Account Level 10. NEW Hero Levels 11-20 – We want players who enjoy a certain Hero to have a reason to keep playing them after they reach Hero Level 10 and get their Master Skin. As such, we're adding additional Hero Levels and incentives.
– We want players who enjoy a certain Hero to have a reason to keep playing them after they reach Hero Level 10 and get their Master Skin. As such, we're adding additional Hero Levels and incentives. NO Talent Gating at Account Level 30 – We've heard a lot of feedback on Talent Gating, where talents are unlocked by gaining Hero Levels, and we still feel that it is valuable for newer players. That being said, we respect that it can sometimes be frustrating for experienced players. As a result, we've decided that once players reach Level 30, they will automatically unlock all available talents on their Heroes.
More Gold
In an upcoming patch we will also be offering additional gold rewards for players as they achieve various milestones within Heroes of the Storm. All of these rewards will be retroactive as well, so if you have already achieved a certain Account Level or Hero Level, you will be granted the corresponding amount of gold when the patch goes live. Stay tuned for details!
2,000 Gold at Account Levels 20, 25, 30, 35, 40
1,250 Gold at Hero Level 15
2,500 Gold at Hero Level 20
Heroes of the Dorm
We also announced Heroes of the Dorm – the ultimate Heroes of the Storm collegiate tournament! College students across U.S. and Canada can team up and represent their school, with more than $450,000 in tuition and other prizes up for grabs. What's more, anyone can fill out a fantasy bracket, cheer on their favorite schools, and win big. ESPN will deliver exclusive live coverage of Heroes of the Dorm competition on TV and digital platforms.
You can find out more in our comprehensive Heroes of the Dorm announcement blog and in this video below!
We'll be bringing you more updates throughout the weekend on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and right here on HeroesoftheStorm.com! If you're attending PAX East, make sure to stop by the Twitch.tv booth (#9044) in the Exhibit Hall to play the current beta version of Heroes of the Storm. Additionally, those of you hoping to get your hands on the latest Overwatch demo can do just that by visiting the Blizzard booth (#8116)! Check out our Heroes of the Storm PAX East Preview blog to find out about everything awaiting you at the convention from March 6–8!
Ehud ben Levi! You better get going, the school bus is about to come!
But, Mom, why do I have to keep going to the Philistine school?
Ehud, you know that they have the best Spear and Sword team.
But Mom, they only teach us about Dagon and that our God is nothing special.
Ehud, don't listen to that stuff. You only need to pay attention when they teach you about math and science. You can also ignore most of their history stuff. You can learn about Torah when you go to Synagogue on Saturday.
Now quick, otherwise you'll miss the bus. We love you, Ehud. See you tonight around 6.
Can you imagine such a ridiculous conversation between a mother and son taking place in the days of King David or other parts of Israel's history? No doubt, Israel was influenced by her neighbors. Israel was after all located in the heart of the ancient world. Major trade roads passed through her land. The latest and greatest fashions and ideas were accessible to most. And yet Israel was summoned to live in such a way that the nations would take notice of her. In the middle of the nations she was to not be like the nations.
Consider the clear directions God gave to Israel before she entered the Promised Land. Deut. 4:6-9 – Therefore be careful to observe them; for this is your wisdom and your understanding in the sight of the peoples who will hear all these statutes, and say, “Surely this great nation is a wise and understanding people.' “For what great nation is there that has God so near to it, as the LORD our God is to us, for whatever reason we may call upon Him? And what great nation is there that has such statutes and righteous judgments as are in all this law which I set before you this day? Only take heed to yourself, and diligently keep yourself, lest you forget the things your eyes have seen, and lest they depart from your heart all the days of your life. And teach them to your children and your grandchildren.” (NKJV)
Would Moses have encouraged young Israelite children being trained by the Moabites, or Ammonites? Would it have been a good idea for Israelite children to be trained by the Philistine school system?
Then why do so many Christians still send their parents to pagan school systems where for 6-8 hours each day children are instructed in the myths of evolution, the lies of history, and the virtues of tolerance? It is time that Christian parents en masse get their children off the Philistine buses and either teach them at home or entrust them to those who will care for their minds and souls.
The blessings of God are truly only realized when God's people follow His ways and teach their children the same. As Deut. 4:40 states: “You shall therefore keep His statutes and His commandments which I command you today, that it may go well with you and with your children after you, and that you may prolong your days in the land which the LORD your God is giving you for all time.”
Protests in Paris over a controversial French labor law turned violent once again as French riot police fired teargas and stun grenades Thursday in clashes with angry opponents. Violent protests have become a common thing for the country as France has been rocked by anti-labor reform protests for the last seven months.
Four demonstrators and 15 police were hurt including two officers who sustained burns due to Molotov cocktails as tens of thousands rallied against the law forced through by the Socialist government. Police used water cannon and tear gas as protests also turned violent in Nantes in western France, one of at least 10 provincial cities that saw rallies. "The violence is unacceptable," said Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve, noting that police had arrested 62 people across the country, 32 of whom were kept in custody. Authorities said some 78,000 people rallied overall nationwide, including 13,000 in Paris. Organizers put numbers across France at around 170,000, saying 40,000 protested in Paris.
Unions in France vowed to keep fighting the country's new labor law, but admitted on Thursday that months of street protests were now coming to an end. The rallies, which kicked off in March under the slogans LoiTravail (Labor Law) and NuitDebout (Rise Up At Night), have repeatedly turned violent, frequently ending in arrests and injuries.
The violence unleashed by the reforms peaked on June 14, just four days after the start of the Euro 2016 football championships in France, when around 40 people were hurt and dozens arrested. CGT leader Philippe Martinez has appealed to workers to continue "fighting tooth and nail to stop it (the law) crossing the threshold" of their companies. French President François Hollande, who has yet to announce whether he will seek re-election next year, had hoped for a signature reform to boost his dire approval ratings. Currently, around four out of five French voters oppose him standing for a second term.
As well as the protests, scores of flights in and out of the country were also cancelled as air traffic controllers went on strike to protest the law. "We will show them that, law or no law, we will always stand against them," Francois Roche, a member of the hardline CGT union demonstrating in Marseille, told AFP. Turnout nationwide was far lower than at the first rallies earlier this year which saw hundreds of thousands of people take to the streets. One of the focal points Thursday was the eastern city of Belfort, where the government is locked in a battle with train-building giant Alstom over the future of a locomotive factory threatened with closure. Hundreds of demonstrators marched through the city, chanting "Alstom is Belfort, Belfort is Alstom."
Belfort's history is intertwined with that of Alstom, which produced its first steam train there in 1880. The plant now assembles high-speed TGV train locomotives. Last week, Alstom had announced it would close the plant due to a lack of orders and move production to a site 200 kilometers to the north.
The prospect of up to 400 job losses is deeply embarrassing for the Socialist government eight months ahead of presidential and parliamentary elections, in which high unemployment is expected to be a key issue.
The law is aimed at loosening France's notoriously rigid employment laws. According to the new labor law, the 35-hour week remains in place, but as an average. Firms can negotiate with local trade unions on more or fewer hours from week to week, up to a maximum of 46 hours. Firms are given greater freedom to reduce pay.
During and after Tuesday's Vice Presidential Debate, CNN hosted a 28-person focus group of self-identified "undecided voters" at the University of Richmond (Va.). One of the participants in this group—Justin Smith—later complained on his Facebook page that CNN's Pamela Brown had asked the group if they now intended to vote for Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, or an unnamed third party candidate. In Smith's telling, two supported Trump, five supported Clinton, and 12 indicated they would vote for a third party candidate.
But, Smith tells Reason, the producers then told the focus group they were going to "reshoot" the segment, only this time they replaced "third party candidate" as an option with "undecided." Smith says this caused confusion among the panel, leading some who had just raised their hands for "third party" to now raise their hands for "undecided."
An important difference between the two questions: the cameras were only airing live on CNN during the "undecided" question, whereas the "third party" question was taped.
Watch the segment that aired live—with "undecided" as an option as opposed to "third party"—below:
Smith's Facebook post has caused a bit of a stir online, with accusations that CNN is censoring third party supporters to favor a narrative in which the only opinions worth considering are from voters who support Trump, Clinton, or have not yet decided between the two. The Intercept's Glenn Greenwald weighed in on Twitter this morning, offering his opinion that "If this account is accurate, it comes pretty close to actual fraud."
Though he has a "Evan McMullin for President" poster as his Facebook profile cover page, Smith tells Reason he is an undecided voter, it's just that he hasn't decided which third party candidate he will vote for. He calls himself a constitutional conservative and insists he will absolutely not vote for Trump and Clinton. For a while, he had considered voting for Constitution Party candidate Darrell Castle, but he's not on the ballot in Virginia, so Smith is now on the fence between voting for McMullin or Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson.
Smith says CNN producers told the focus group they would be taping certain questions as segments that might be used by CNN shows the next morning—a common TV news practice. Smith added that each of the questions they had been asked as a group had been taped twice. As a former cable TV news producer myself, I can attest that shooting more "packages" than you're likely to need is standard operating procedure. It's entirely possible that there was no nefarious intent on the part of CNN behind the creation of a taped package which included third party as a voting option.
But the fact is, when the cameras went live, Brown didn't give the group the option of choosing a "third party." Live TV viewers were left with the impression that the majority of the focus group was undecided between Trump, Clinton, and no one else.
"I was shocked that they would purposely not put it out there that people were supporting a third party," Smith told Reason, adding, "Intentionally covering that up...I can't imagine what their narrative is."
CNN did not respond to requests for comment.
Is it just an odd turn of events that the "undecided" question went out on live TV while the "third party" question went to tape? It's not clear whether the latter ever aired the next morning and I haven't been able to find a clip of it on CNN's website, but sometimes producers are left with more content than they can use. It's also important to note that CNN hasn't ignored third parties this election cycle; they have aired two Libertarian town halls in recent months, after all.
However, editorial choices—such as deciding which questions get aired with the most viewers watching immediately after a debate, while others may or may not get airtime at all—matter.
By prioritizing the idea that undecided voters are only choosing between Trump and Clinton, especially knowing that a great many of them are not undecided between the two but had in fact just affirmatively rejected the binary choice moments earlier, CNN (unwittingly or not) helped perpetuate a narrative that third party supporters are just undecideds who haven't yet come around to the correct line of thinking.
The co-chair for Donald Trump's U.S. House Leadership Committee played defense on Thursday, insisting he was “not a surrogate” and shouldn't have to answer for everything the real estate tycoon says.
Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-CA) was one of the first congressmen to endorse Trump and was tasked by the campaign with ginning up support for the presumptive GOP nominee on Capitol Hill. Yet he distanced himself from the candidate on Thursday when confronted with a group of reporters on his way off the House floor.
“I am not a surrogate,” Hunter told The Hill later that afternoon, explaining why he refused to answer their questions about Trump. “I am a congressman. I can't speak for anybody else but me.”
“Everybody's asking me to explain all these things that he said,” Hunter continued. “Some of these things, I don't know what Donald Trump is thinking. … I don't know where Donald Trump is coming from.”
The California Republican has spoken up on Trump's behalf on many previous occasions. After Trump's campaign manager Corey Lewandowski was criticized for grabbing a reporter's arm in March, Hunter's chief of staff said the incident had “no influence” on Hunter's support for the candidate. More recently, he defended Trump's attacks on the “Mexican heritage” of U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel, affirming Trump's false claim that Curiel was a member of a pro-Mexican civil rights group.
Though Hunter claims that he doesn't know what Trump is thinking, he is among the group of supporters now receiving daily talking points from the campaign, according to a May New York Times Magazine story.
Still, Hunter told The Hill that there were some Trump comments that were simply “unexplainable” and he felt no obligation to try to parse them. One example, Hunter said, was the “stuff about U.S. military taking money.”
“I don't know what he meant by that,” he added.
Trump this week claimed that American troops in Iraq embezzled millions of dollars, though his spokeswoman Hope Hicks later said he was referring to Iraqi soldiers.
In order to test these theories, I interacted extensively with nearly 50 of the most prominent executives convicted of white-collar offenses. Many of them had lost the confidence that they once displayed. Isolated from the business community that had placed them on a pedestal, many openly shared their views and perspective with me. Over the phone, by letter, and during visits to prison, I little by little began to better understand them.
At first, I was struck by their lack of remorse regarding either their actions or the harm those actions had caused. One executive even joked with me about how he'd been practicing with his $1,000-an-hour lawyer to convincingly, albeit falsely, express regret during his upcoming parole hearing. Troublingly, those who received lenient sentences for testifying against others often told me stories that differed from their sworn testimony.
Many of the convicted executives I spent time with described their conduct bluntly. “Morals go out the window when the pressure is on,” explained Steven Hoffenberg, who confessed to running a Ponzi scheme that stole from thousands of investors in his company, the Towers Financial Corporation. “When the responsibility is there and you have to meet budgetary numbers, you can forget about morals.” The reactions to engaging in crime were not always as I expected, either. David Myers, the former controller of WorldCom, recalled thinking that he was “helping people and doing the right thing” while perpetrating one of the largest accounting frauds in history. In his mind, the fraud was superficially sustaining the company, its stock price, and the jobs of its employees.
Some former executives defiantly denied that they did anything criminal. “I was in a good career making a couple million a year,” explained one executive who helped devise millions of dollars in illicit tax structures (and spoke on the condition of anonymity, given his continuing legal situation), “so it's not that I'm going to risk everything to go do something shady or illegal.” Others felt that they were unfairly and selectively prosecuted for behavior that was ubiquitous in their industry. Most, however, accepted that they did something wrong. Yet, in spite of this recognition, it wasn't clear even to the executives themselves why they made decisions that looked so thoughtless. After successful careers characterized by decades of careful decision-making, they found their own basic failures just as startling as others did.
When prosecutors try to explain white-collar misconduct, they often describe it as resulting from a cost-benefit calculation. A 1976 Wall Street Journal piece distinguished corporate crimes from other kinds of offenses by saying that “unlike the tempestuous and murderous spouse or the impoverished and desperate mugger, suite criminals are sophisticated and deliberative businessmen who engage in crime only after carefully calculating the benefits and costs.”
Relive key seasons from Season One of Telltale's The Walking Dead live
Telltale Games announced today that they will be putting on a live performance of Season One of their award-winning video game series The Walking Dead at San Diego Comic-Con next week.
"Together with the wonderful people at Skybound, we've prepared a very special event for fans of our episodic Walking Dead series… The Walking Dead Live Performance!" the studio announced today.
Pivotal scenes from the acclaimed first season will be acted out live as the cast reprise their roles from the game. Confirmed actors include:
Melissa Hutchison as Clementine
Dave Fennoy as Lee
Gavin Hammon as Kenny
Nicki Rapp as Lilly
Nicole Vigil as Carley
Adam Harrington as Andy St. John AND Larry (Terry McGovern, who voiced Larry in-game, could not make it out to San Diego, so Adam is doing double duty to fill in!)
The performance will be held on Saturday, July 11th at 8:00pm PT on stage at Petco Park. Tickets are $30 for a day pass which includes entrance to Walker Stalker and Fan Fest from 11am-5pm inside Petco Park, but the live stage performance will also be streamed on Twitch.
For more details check out the official announcement post.
In related news, Telltale announced at E3 last month The Walking Dead: Michonne Mini-Series, a brand-new three episode mini-series where you'll play as Michonne.
By Jaya Tirtha Caran Dasa
“Sripada Madhvacarya took his birth at Udupi, which is situated in the South Kanarada district of South India, just west of Sahyadri. This is the chief city of the South Kanarada province and is near the city of Mangalore, which is situated to the south of Udupi. In the city of Udupi is a place called Pajaka-ksetra, where Madhvacarya took his birth in a Sivalli-brahmana dynasty as the son of Madhyageha Bhatta, in the year 1040 Sakabda (A.D. 1119). According to some, he was born in the year 1160 Sakabda (A.D. 1239).
In his childhood Madhvacarya was known as Vasudeva, and there are some wonderful stories surrounding him. It is said that once when his father had piled up many debts, Madhvacarya converted tamarind seeds into actual coins to pay them off. When he was five years old, he was offered the sacred thread. A demon named Maniman lived near his abode in the form of a snake, and at the age of five Madhvacarya killed that snake with the toe of his left foot. When his mother was very much disturbed, he would appear before her in one jump. He was a great scholar even in childhood, and although his father did not agree, he accepted sannyasa at the age of twelve. Upon receiving sannyasa from Acyuta Preksa, he received the name Purnaprajna Tirtha. After traveling all over India, he finally discussed scriptures with Vidyasankara, the exalted leader of Srngeri-matha. Vidyasankara was actually diminished in the presence of Madhvacarya. Accompanied by Satya Tirtha, Madhvacarya went to Badarikasrama. It was there that he met Vyasadeva and explained his commentary on the Bhagavad-gita before him. Thus he became a great scholar by studying before Vyasadeva.
By the time he came to the Ananda-matha from Badarikasrama,Madhvacarya had finished his commentary on the Bhagavad-gita. His companion Satya Tirtha wrote down the entire commentary. When Madhvacarya returned from Badarikasrama, he went to Ganjama, which is on the bank of the river Godavari. There he met with two learned scholars named Sobhana Bhatta and Svami Sastri.Later these scholars became known in the disciplic succession of Madhvacarya as Padmanabha Tirtha and Narahari Tirtha.
When he returned to Udupi, he would sometimes bathe in the ocean. On such an occasion he composed a prayer in five chapters. Once, while sitting beside the sea engrossed in meditation upon Lord Sri Krsna, he saw that a large boat containing goods for Dvaraka was in danger. He gave some signs by which the boat could approach the shore, and it was saved. The owners of the boat wanted to give him a present, and at the time Madhvacarya agreed to take some gopi-candana. He received a big lump of gopi-candana, and as it was being brought to him, it broke apart and revealed a large Deity of Lord Krsna. The Deity had a stick in one hand and a lump of food in the other. As soon as Madhvacarya received the Deity of Krsna in this way, he composed a prayer. The Deity was so heavy that not even thirty people could lift it. Madhvacarya personally brought this Deity to Udupi. Madhvacarya had eight disciples, all of whom took sannyasa from him and became directors of his eight monasteries.Worship of the Lord Krsna Deity is still going on at Udupi according to the plans Madhvacarya established.
Madhvacarya then for the second time visited Badarikasrama. While he was passing through Maharashtra, the local king was digging a big lake for the public benefit. As Madhvacarya passed through that area with his disciples, he was also obliged to help in the excavation. After some time, when Madhvacarya visited the king, he engaged the king in that work and departed with his disciples.
Often in the province of Ganga-pradesa there were fights between Hindus and Muslims. The Hindus were on one bank of the river, and the Muslims on the other. Due to the community tension, no boat was available for crossing the river. The Muslim soldiers were always stopping passengers on the other side, but Madhvacarya did not care for these soldiers. He crossed the river anyway, and when he met the soldiers on the other side, he was brought before the king. The Muslim king was so pleased with him that he wanted to give him a kingdom and some money, but Madhvacarya refused. While walking on the road, he was attacked by some dacoits, but by his bodily strength he killed them all. When his companion Satya Tirtha was attacked by a tiger, Madhvacarya separated them by virtue of his great strength. When he met Vyasadeva, he received from him the salagrama-sila known as Astamurti. After this, he summarized the Mahabharata.
It was reputed that there was no limit to the bodily strength of Purnaprajna, Madhvacarya. There was a person named Kadanjari who was famed for possessing the strength of thirty men. Madhvacarya placed the big toe of his foot upon the ground and asked the man to separate it from the ground, but the great strong man could not do so even after great effort. Srila Madhvacarya passed from this material world at the age of eighty while writing a commentary on the Aitareya Upanisad. For further information about Madhvacarya, one should read Madhva-vijaya, by Narayanacarya.
The acaryas of the Madhva-sampradaya established Udupi as the chief center, and the monastery there was known as Uttararadhi-matha. A list of the different centers of the Madhvacarya-sampradaya can be found at Udupi, and their matha commanders are (1) Visnu Tirtha (Soda-matha), (2) Janardana Tirtha (Krsnapura-matha), (3) Vamana Tirtha (Kanura-matha), (4) Narasimha Tirtha (Adamara-matha), (5) Upendra Tirtha (Puttugi-matha), (6) Rama Tirtha (Sirura-matha), (7) Hrsikesa Tirtha (Palimara-matha), and (8) Aksobhya Tirtha (Pejavara-matha). The disciplic succession of the Madhvacarya-sampradaya is as follows (the dates are those of birth):
(1) Hamsa Paramatma; (2) Caturmukha Brahma; (3) Sanakadi; (4) Durvasa; (5) Jnananidhi; (6) Garuda-vahana; (7) Kaivalya Tirtha; (8) Jnanesa Tirtha;
(9) Para Tirtha; (10) Satyaprajna Tirtha; (11) Prajna Tirtha; (12) Acyuta Preksacarya Tirtha; (13) Sri Madhvacarya, 1040 Saka; (14) Padmanabha, 1120; Narahari, 1127; Madhava, 1136; and Aksobhya 1159; (15) Jaya Tirtha, 1167; (16) Vidyadhiraja, 1190; (17) Kavindra, 1255; (18)Vagisa, 1261; (19) Ramacandra, 1269; (20) Vidyanidhi, 1298; (21) SriRaghunatha, 1366; (22) Rayuvarya (who spoke with Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu),1424; (23) Raghuttama, 1471; (24) Vedavyasa, 1517; (25) Vidyadhisa, 1541; (26)Vedanidhi, 1553;
(27)Satyavrata, 1557; (28) Satyanidhi, 1560; (29) Satyanatha,1582; (30) Satyabhinava, 1595; (31) Satyapurna, 1628; (32) Satyavijaya, 1648;(33) Satyapriya, 1659; (34) Satyabodha, 1666; (35) Satyasandha, 1705;(36) Satyavara, 1716; (37) Satyadharma, 1719; (38) Satyasankalpa, 1752; (39) Satyasantusta, 1763; (40) Satyaparayana, 1763; (41) Satyakama, 1785;
(42)Satyesta, 1793; (43) Satyaparakrama, 1794; (44) Satyadhira, 1801; (45) Satyadhira Tirtha, 1808. (For approximate Christian era dates, add seventy-nine years.)
After the sixteenth acarya (Vidyadhiraja Tirtha), there was another disciplic succession, including Rajendra Tirtha, 1254; Vijayadhvaja; Purusottama; Subrahmanya; and Vyasa Raya, 1470-1520. The nineteenth acarya, Ramacandra Tirtha, had another disciplic succession, including Vibudhendra, 1218; Jitamitra, 1348; Raghunandana; Surendra; Vijendra; Sudhindra; and Raghavendra Tirtha, 1545.
To date, in the Udupi monastery there are another fourteen Madhva-tirtha sannyasis. As stated, Udupi is situated beside the sea in South Kanarada, about thirty-six miles north of Mangalore.
Most of the information in this purport is available from the South Kanada Manual and the Bombay Gazette.”
Caitanya-caritamrta, Madyam lila 9:245-278
Bhaktivedanta Book Trust. HDG A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Srila Prabhupada.
CHANT HARE KRISHNA KRISHNA KRISHNA HARE HARE HARE RAMA RAMA RAMA HARE HARE AND BE HAPPY
———————————————————————–
Srila Madhvacarya, quoting Padma Purana, states: vivikta-drsti jivanam dhisnyataya paramesvarasya bheda-drstih. “One who has clear vision and who is devoid of envy can see that the Supreme Lord is separate from all living entities, although He is situated in every living entity.” Madhvacarya further quotes from Padma Purana:
upapadayet paratmanam jivebhyo yah pade pade bhedenaiva na caitasmat priyo visnos tu kascana
“One who sees the living entity and the Supreme Lord as always distinct is very dear to the Lord.” Padma Purana also states, yo hares caiva jivanam bheda-vakta hareh priyah: “One who preaches that the living entities are separate from the Supreme Lord is very dear to Lord Visnu.”
Ref. VedaBase => SB 5.5.26
compiled by HG JT caran prabhu.
Chocolate is so popular as a snack and a dessert that you might think it is as unhealthy as any other popular snack that actually tastes good. However, if you indulge in moderation, are choosy about your chocolate, and eat it as part of a healthy diet, it can actually be as beneficial as any healthy snack option. In fact, chocolate is technically a kind of fruit although most people just think of it as a tasty treat. Researchers have recently concluded that cocoa powder is an antioxidant-rich superfood. So any time you get a craving for chocolate, go right ahead and indulge yourself.
Choosing Your Chocolate
If you are a complete chocolate lover, you probably already know that not all chocolate treats are created equal. Which one is the best? Well, here are a few general guidelines:
Go for dark chocolate. Dark chocolate has a high percentage of cocoa powder. Studies show that choosing dark chocolate instead of milk chocolate can reduce your risk of heart disease and high blood pressure. The high cocoa powder content also means it is packed with antioxidants.
Dark chocolate has a high percentage of cocoa powder. Studies show that choosing dark chocolate instead of milk chocolate can reduce your risk of heart disease and high blood pressure. The high cocoa powder content also means it is packed with antioxidants. Unadulterated dark chocolate is best. “Dark” chocolate drink mixes are diluted when you mix them with water or milk, which reduces their benefits. Ditto for mixing dark chocolate with peanut butter or baking it in cookies. Your best bet is to go for the dark chocolate bar.
“Dark” chocolate drink mixes are diluted when you mix them with water or milk, which reduces their benefits. Ditto for mixing dark chocolate with peanut butter or baking it in cookies. Your best bet is to go for the dark chocolate bar. Avoid White Chocolate. White chocolate is essentially a fraud masquerading as your favorite snack. It might contain a token amount of cocoa butter but mostly consists of milk solids and sugar. That pretty much negates any beneficial results of the cocoa, so you might as well opt for the dark chocolate bar.
White chocolate is essentially a fraud masquerading as your favorite snack. It might contain a token amount of cocoa butter but mostly consists of milk solids and sugar. That pretty much negates any beneficial results of the cocoa, so you might as well opt for the dark chocolate bar. Read the labeling. Don't be fooled by the color of the “dark” chocolate bar. Be sure to read the labeling to make sure it's really dark chocolate.
Don't be fooled by the color of the “dark” chocolate bar. Be sure to read the labeling to make sure it's really dark chocolate. Look for “Fair Trade” labeling. The chocolate industry is the main source of income for fifty million people around the world. “Fair Trade” basically means that the cocoa farmers are being paid a fair price for their cocoa so they can pay their bills and also pay their workers a fair wage. This helps improve living conditions around the world so you can feel good about indulging in chocolate.
Where Does Chocolate Come From?
The cocoa bean is native to Central and South America, where it was cultivated for at least three millenia. The word “chocolate” may come from the Aztec word for a drink made with cocoa, xocolatl, which translates as “bitter water.” Pure cocoa is very bitter and, when Europeans discovered it, they sweetened it with sugar and milk to give it the flavor most people are familiar with today. Most modern cocoa is grown in Africa, some using child labor. It is harvested by using a machete to cut the pods from the tree or striking the tree with a stick to knock them off. The pods are then allowed to ferment, roasted, graded and ground up and liquefied to form chocolate liqueur. The liqueur can be processed to form cocoa butter and cocoa solids, and then sent to candy companies to make the candy.
Chocolate Pretzels
Elizabeth's Extreme Chocolate Lover's Cake
Ingredients for Cake
2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
6 (1 ounce) squares unsweetened chocolate, chopped
1/2 cup unsalted butter
2 1/2 cups dark brown sugar
3 eggs
1 1/2 tablespoons vanilla extract
1 cup sour cream
1 cup water
For Frosting:
6 (1 ounce) squares unsweetened chocolate, chopped
1/4 cup unsalted butter
1 egg yolk
4 cups confectioners' sugar
2 tablespoons vanilla extract
2 tablespoons heavy cream
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
For Ganache:
2 cups bittersweet chocolate chips
1 cup heavy cream
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour 2 (9 inch) pans. Sift together the flour, baking soda and salt. Set aside. In the top of a double boiler, heat 6 ounces chocolate, stirring occasionally, until chocolate is melted and smooth. Remove from heat and allow cooling to lukewarm. In a large bowl, cream together the butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs one at a time, then stir in 1 1/2 teaspoon vanilla. Stir in the melted chocolate. Beat in the flour mixture alternately with the sour cream. Stir in boiling water (batter will be thin). Pour batter into prepared pans. Bake in the preheated oven for 35 to 40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Let cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely. Make the Chocolate Buttercream Frosting: In the top of a double boiler, heat 6 ounces chocolate, stirring occasionally, until chocolate is melted and smooth. Remove from heat and allow cooling to lukewarm. In a large bowl, whip the butter for about 10 minutes until it is super fluffy, beat in egg yolk. Gradually blend in the confectioners' sugar, alternating with 2 tablespoons vanilla and 2 tablespoons cream, then blend in the melted chocolate. Beat in the softened cream cheese. Make the Ganache: In a large saucepan, combine chocolate chips and 1 cup heavy cream. Heat, stirring constantly, until chocolate is melted and smooth. Remove from heat and set aside. Assemble the cake: When cake is completely cooled, cover the bottom cake layer with as much ganache as desired. Refrigerate for 5 minutes, or until ganache has set. Spread frosting over the ganache. Cover with top layer of cake. Frost top and sides with buttercream, and garnish with more ganache.
Chocolate Ice Cream
Coconut Macaroon Brownies
Ingredients:
1 cup butter, softened
2 cups white sugar
4 eggs
1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla extract
2 cups all-purpose flour
3/4 teaspoon cream of tartar
1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
1/2 cup chopped walnuts
4 cups unsweetened flaked coconut
1 (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9×13 inch baking pan.
In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then stir in 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla. Combine the flour, cream of tartar and cocoa; stir into the egg mixture until well blended. Fold in walnuts. Spread half of this mixture into the bottom of the prepared pan. Make the middle layer. In a medium bowl, stir together the coconut, sweetened condensed milk and 1 tablespoon vanilla. Carefully layer this over the chocolate layer in the pan. Top with the remaining chocolate batter. Spread to cover evenly. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes in the preheated oven, until top is no longer shiny. Cool in the pan before cutting into bars.
Chocolate Fudge
More Chocolate
…And Still More Chocolate
As everyone is preparing for Trancegiving, Factor B stops by to discuss his young career, new projects, and his Dreamstate debut!
Factor B might be a new face on the trance scene, but he's making a name for himself at lightspeed. He's quickly found his home on some of the biggest labels in the business.
Over the last 18 months, his homeland of Australia, the UK, and Netherlands have all witnessed countless shows. At long last, Factor B makes his big stage debut in North America this November for Dreamstate SoCal. Fans of euphoric, uplifting trance rejoice!
Stream his set from Luminosity's Showcase at ADE this year, and read on for our in-depth chat with him below!
Hello Brendan, thanks for stopping by and giving us the opportunity to talk with you today. How are you doing?
Very well thanks, just enjoying another day in the studio here in Amsterdam!
I'd like to start by giving our readers an insight into who Factor B is. How did you first come into contact with trance? What motivated you to start creating music?
The moment I first had contact with trance was hearing Ferry Corsten's Trance nation CD at a friends place in the early 2000's. “Robert Miles – Children” in to “System F – Out Of The Blue”. Stopped me in my tracks.
But ultimately there are elements of trance in a lot of music I was exposed to growing up. When I heard ‘trance' it was like a more euphoric, up-tempo version of music I was already listening to. Once I learned about how it was created and performed – it was a natural journey into Djing. I then moved into learning production so I could make my own interpretations of the sound.
Australia is not known for having a big trance artist community. This can be rather inhibiting in the early days of a career in music. How did you find help and support when the going got tough?
Obviously, Australia is quite far away from the Trance hub that is Europe. It makes it a little more difficult to break through, but I always felt that the music would always end up doing the talking and if I kept working hard at my craft, things could happen.
To be honest, I worked quite an intense full-time job up until Jan this year, so it was never really a question of support. Nevertheless, Dan from Neptune Project & Solarstone were very helpful and insightful during this period.
More so, it was finding ways to continue to motivate myself to get into the studio and produce. I stepped away from a few other things in my life so that I'd have more time for the studio and so it happened, it ended up working out thus far.
Late last year you made the difficult decision to leave Australia and set up shop in the Netherlands to be closer to the heart of the industry. How are you enjoying Amsterdam so far, and most importantly, how would you assess the move so far?
Absolutely loving Amsterdam. I've visited the city many times when I was residing in London in 2006-2009 – and knew that if I was going to come back to the EU to live, Amsterdam would be top of the list. The move has been great, accessibility to shows has helped a lot with tours and bookings. Safe to say – so far so good!
Even though you're rather new to the scene, you're already making waves with some of the biggest labels in trance with multiple releases on FSOE and Pure Trance. What have you done differently than other newcomers to warrant this recognition?
For me, it's always difficult to compare to other artists. Everyone has their own journey and interpretation of the music they want to create. To be honest, I try to stay a little removed from what other artists are doing.
Creative identity is so important in music – especially trance music, you want to have your own style and feel – and I think the more you focus and listen to what others are doing (successfully or not), the more chance you'll lose focus on the music you want to create.
I guess, in short, perhaps you could say I've made what I've wanted to make regardless of what's all the buzz in the charts or what's expected by the labels.
Speaking of Pure Trance, the latest mix compilation, Pure Trance Volume 6, included you as a guest mixer. You've premiered five new tracks and remixes as well as fresh music from your friends Neptune Project and The Noble Six. How did you go about making the track selection?
I've said this before and I'll say it again – The Pure Trance compilation was the most exciting yet challenging project of my career to date! The whole journey from start to finish was an incredible experience.
I really got to understand the time and effort that goes into such an album. From reaching out to your favourite artists for exclusive music to the trials and tribulations of release dates & then actually mixing the compilation in a way that is to your liking.
I wanted to make sure the album was reflective of my sound and style, euphoric, uplifting and melodic. I was very lucky to land some amazing new music from Neptune Project, Activa, The Noble Six, Lostly & Cold Blue amongst others.
You've played at Pure Trance's ADE party as well as at the Luminosity event. Both brands are great examples that sticking to the roots of trance instead of jumping on the commercial bandwagon works. How do you feel when such entities show incredible support for your career thus far?
It's been such a buzz playing for these brands over the last year. They are supportive of my sound and outlook on trance. I'm very appreciative and proud to be able to perform for these guys and push the pure style of trance that I love.
Time for a few light-hearted questions. What's the one thing that you miss about Australia?
Going to watch my AFL team the Essendon Bombers in front of 90,000 people at the MCG!
For anyone interested in Australian cuisine, what meal would you recommend? Preferably one without any vegemite. 🙂
Surely it's a Parmigiana. I've been around the world but no one does a Parma like a good Aussie pub. Crumbed chicken breast, melted cheese, ham, gravy, fresh cut chips, side of veggies – get around it.
What's the best memory you've had from one of your shows?
I think one of my best memories was during Luminosity beach festival earlier this year when I played “Luna Therapy”. It was this moment where I could see all the crowd REALLY knew the track. I had this feeling inside like “Holy shit, people are really starting to understand & know my music!” The video still gives me goosebumps. 🙂
Let's jump back into the studio for the last few questions. We've seen you remix trance classics with the “Back To The Future” moniker. Compared to most modern updates, you manage to imprint your sound whilst also keeping the feel of the original mix. Firstly, how do you pick what classic to remix, and most importantly, how do you ensure that the essence of the song is maintained?
My “Back To The Future” remix series tries to encapsulate exactly that. I want to bring certain older trance tracks back into a modern feel, but not take away what makes them so special and unique.
I'm super picky about what tracks I remix. If I can't add my specific sound & style to it to make it a better interpretation, then what's the point? I feel a lot of ‘updates' of old tracks are just that, updated kicks, basses etc. I really like to introduce new elements so people can still go on a new journey with the track but never lose the feel of what they loved about it in the first place.
Earlier in the year, we saw you working in the studio with Robert Nickson before the FSOE club night at Panama, Amsterdam. It's been quite a while since then. What news can we expect from you two in the future?
You'll just have to keep an eye out for that! 🙂
Outside of the material already featured on Pure Trance Vol. 6, what other projects are you able to share with us?
I have a lot of new music coming up over the next few months. However, there is something bigger in the works, but that's all I can reveal about that right now!
Dreamstate SoCal marks the first big event for you in North America. With the show just around the corner, what can we expect from your set and why should those that are not familiar with you come and see you?
As it's my first big event in the USA, I'm going to try to work around somewhat of a producer set. As a lot of people in the US have been waiting to see me play, I feel it's important to not forget tunes over the last few years that have helped introduce people to my sound. Anyone who's not familiar with my sound & style, expect proper trance! Energetic, euphoric, hands in the air – uplifting trance!
Before we let you, do you have any message for the crazy Factor BAE supporters out there?
Haha! I don't know where this Factor BAE thing started, but any publicity is good publicity, right? 🙂
Absolutely, I'm incredibly thankful & appreciative of everyone's support thus far. I appreciate all the niceties that have come my way. Hold onto your hats at Dreamstate because I'm coming with some serious uplifting trance & debuting some brand-new Factor B material.
That concludes our interview. Thanks again for stopping by and looking forward to seeing you soon in California!
Pleasure, and can't wait! 🙂
While the final schedule and stage breakdown is still to be released, we know that Factor B will play on Friday, the 24th of November at the festival. Fans of uplifting trance, mark your calendars!
Follow Factor B on Social Media:
Facebook | Twitter | SoundCloud
[blackbirdpie id=”105459308904452096″]
The first hurricane of the 2011 season has South Florida in its crosshairs, and for fans of electronic music, the timing couldn't be any worse.
With Hurricane Irene expected to make landfall in South Florida on August 25th, speculation mounted that the IDentity Fest tour would not be visiting Miami as planned. On the afternoon of Monday, August 22nd, festival officials released the following statement:
Due to the potential effects of Hurricane Irene, the Thursday, August 25 date of the IDentity Festival presented by Skullcandy is being postponed.
Details regarding a potential reschedule date will be released on Monday, August 29 at 2PM Pacific Standard Time.
In the meantime, refunds will be available at the point of purchase.
IDentity is scheduled to perform as planned on Wednesday, August 24 in Tampa, Florida.
No other dates are affected.
Following a string of tragic mishaps at music festivals this summer, IDentity's producers have little choice but to err on the side of caution. The recent deadly stage collapse at Belgium's Pukkelpop festival occurred during a heavy thunderstorm, leaving many to wonder if the same thing could happen here. Ongoing investigations into this and other incidents may result in increased scrutiny and more rigorous safety standards at large music events.
Would-be festival goers, many of whom have been stockpiling recreational drugs in anticipation of August 25th, are understandably disappointed. Some are even planning all-night, ecstasy-fueled ‘hurricane raves' as consolation parties, and we can't say we blame them for not waiting. Whenever IDentity Fest actually does occur, interest will have already waned and the event will be no more than a shadow of its former self.
Tweet
It's been several months since we've heard from Christopher Hitchens but the great polemicist appeared on Saturday at the Atheist Alliance of America convention in Houston, Texas. Hitchens, who is being treated at the nearby MD Anderson Cancer Center for stage IV oesophageal cancer, collected the Richard Dawkins Freethinker of the Year Award at the event.
He told the crowd that his "time" was rapidly approaching but added: "I'm not going to quit until I absolutely have to."
Though physically frail, Hitchens, who I interviewed for the NS last year, retains his remarkable mental agility.
In his acceptance speech, he said:
We have the same job that we have always had, to say as thinking people and as humans that there are no final solutions, there is no absolute truth, there is no supreme leader, there is no totalitarian solution that says if you will just give up your freedom of inquiry, if you will simply abandon your critical faculties, a world of idiotic bliss will be yours.
You can watch footage of Dawkins presenting the award and Hitchens accepting it below.
Dawkins's presentation
Hitchens's acceptance
Hat-tip: Why Evolution Is True
If the Indian delegation to the Bretton Woods conference of 1944 had an enduring legacy, it was the change in the treatment of “unilateral transfers" in the “balance of payments" accounting system. The balance of payments is the record of all international economic transactions. Among these, unilateral transfers are cross-border payments that do not correspond to any exchange of goods or service—essentially net receipt of remittance from emigrants or donor aid that is not backed by any exchange of goods or services or assets.
In the current system of cross-border bookkeeping, unilateral transfers are recorded in the current account (income from trade and foreign business interests) and not the capital account (financial transactions that end up balancing the current account deficit or surplus) side of the transactions.
This can be confusing since such transfers are purely financial transactions ideally suited to the capital account. Here, I recount how a still colonized India tried to shape the international economic order—including the balance of payments accounting system—in 1944.
The interwar years (1919-39) were a tumultuous period for the global economy. The easy flow of cross-border capital had a destabilizing effect and efforts to deal with them contributed towards causing the Great Depression of the 1930s. Therefore, any post-World War II global monetary system had to prevent a repeat of such flows.
The United Nations Monetary and Financial Conference in July 1944, better known as Bretton Woods Conference after its venue in New Hampshire, did just that. The treasury departments of both the US and the UK had been working on a plan for a post-war monetary system since at least 1942. John Maynard Keynes, the premier economist of his generation and arguably of the 20th century, had been the driving force on the British side.
The American plans were the brainchild of a Harvard-trained economist and a senior US treasury official, Harry Dexter White. Curiously, there had been rumours—dismissed at that time—about White being a Soviet spy. After his death, declassified FBI papers revealed that he was, in fact, a Soviet sympathizer who had been passing off secret information to Moscow.
Reflecting the relative status of the two countries—the US was creditor to the world, while the UK was drowning in war-related debt—the final outcome was much closer to what White had envisaged. The International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Bank and the global currency system that lasted until 1972 were the pillars of the new order.
Bretton Woods sought the expansion of global trade and the restoration of orderly exchange rates—both having been a casualty of trade barriers, opportunistic devaluations and volatile capital flows during the depression. To deal with volatile capital flows, the agreement at the conference obliged members to restrict the convertibility of their currencies to trade-related payments only.
Convertibility of currencies means the freedom to convert a currency into another foreign currency at the prevailing exchange rate. So, for example, an Indian exporter could convert his/her dollar earnings into rupees (since it is a trade-related transaction), but if an Indian wanted to buy an asset in America, he/she was not free to convert rupees into dollars to pay for that asset (since it is a purely financial transaction).
The idea was to restrict speculative capital flows from one country to another that could potentially put pressure on the prevailing exchange rate.
Unilateral transfers are, however, purely financial transactions. This was a problem for India, and others such as China and Greece, for they received substantial amounts of remittances—a unilateral transfer—from emigrants. Restriction on their convertibility would have meant they could no longer send their money back home.
India and China successfully led an effort to classify such transfers as current account transactions so as to preserve their convertibility. The Soviet Union tried to scuttle the plan, as it was worried about outflow of capital disguised as remittance, but in vain. This is how the quirk of treating unilateral transfers as current account transactions in the current convention of balance of payments bookkeeping came into being.
India had sent a five-member delegation comprising two Englishmen and three Indians, ably assisted by another Indian and an Englishman. Smaller than the ones sent by other countries—a total of more than 700 delegates represented 44 countries—what the contingent lacked in numbers, it made up in talent.
It was led by India's then finance minister, Sir Jeremy Raisman, with then Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Sir Chintaman Dwarakanath Deshmukh (the first Indian to hold that post) being the second in command. The economic adviser to the government of India, Sir Theodore Gregory, came next, followed by two non-official delegates—Sir Shanmukham Chetty, a politician, and A.D. Shroff, an industrialist. Assisting them were B.K. Madan, then director of research at RBI, and Sir David Meek, the Indian trade commissioner in London.
Apart from the Philippine Commonwealth, India was the only colony represented at the conference and was noted for its active participation. India asserted its own identity and interest at the global stage—tirelessly fighting even with the Brits—despite not yet being independent.
Standing at the threshold of independence, India was keen to cement a place on the global high table. The way to do that was to secure a reasonably large quota—the subscription paid by member states, which determines voting power and the capacity to borrow from the IMF—for India and a permanent seat on the executive board of the IMF and the World Bank.
An Indian delegate put forth the case for an Indian representation emphatically: “...India's importance, India's economic importance, should be recognised in international institutions of this character. It is not merely the size of India; it is not merely the population of India—and I may say that one out of every four of the people represented at this conference is an Indian—it is that on purely objective economic criteria, India feels she is an extremely important part of the world and will probably be an even more important part in the years to come..."
The nominal size of the quota was important as far as borrowing capacity in a crisis was concerned. However, India was rightly more concerned with the quota's relative position among countries, since it determined the country's place in the pecking order. The initially proposed quota of $300 million was found to be unsatisfactory for it was only half of what the Chinese were getting—yes, we have been at it for decades. India even tried to push for equality with a superpower like the Soviet Union, much to the chagrin of the Russian delegate.
Keynes played a decisive role in ameliorating India's concerns. India being still a part of the British Empire, and his own connection with India—he started his career at the India Office in London and his first book was Indian Currency and Finance— probably helped. He persuaded the Americans to raise India's quota to $400 million, and reduce China's to $550 million.
However, as there was no change in relative positions and India remained sixth in the hierarchy, Deshmukh urged India to walk out. At that point, the Soviet Union's withdrawal—the IMF wanted countries to provide credible and detailed economic data and the Soviets refused—came as a boon for India, as it pushed up India's ranking to fifth. Now, India was automatically entitled to have an executive director without going through a process of election.
India's most immediate concern was the settlement of the pound sterling balances it had built up with the UK during the war. The UK had borrowed heavily from its colonies, mostly from India, to finance the war effort against the Axis powers. Given the destruction of the British economy during the war, the settlement of that debt was in limbo.
Furthermore, given the magnitude of India's balances, restrictions had been placed over the use and currency convertibility of those debts—essential foreign exchange reserves for India—to avoid a run on the pound. India wanted a decision on the convertibility of those balances.
Shroff likened India to “a man with a million-dollar bank balance... but not sufficient cash to pay his taxi fare". India pushed, but failed to find a clear resolution of that issue throughout the three weeks at Bretton Woods.
It had to be satisfied with an assurance by Keynes himself, that the issue would be settled in a fair manner at a later date. Indian concerns were more than legitimate, but given the scope of the conference, it was hardly the right place to resolve a bilateral issue of that nature. Both the countries would eventually reach a compromise a decade later.
High on India's agenda was also the goal to get the IMF to adopt the economic development of poor countries as one of its purposes. This was a precursor to post-Independence India's role as the leader of the third world.
As a colonial administrator, finance minister Raisman's role was commendable. He strongly objected to the conspicuous focus on the concerns of industrial countries—including his own home country—at the cost of underdeveloped agricultural countries.
India achieved modest success on this front. The document listing the purpose of the IMF remained largely unchanged. While India wanted a special mention for the needs of economically backward countries, the final document committed the IMF to promote trade and development for the benefit of all members. However, the purpose of the World Bank—drafted under Keynes's supervision—was changed to lay greater emphasis on economic development.
In a nutshell, Indian participation at Bretton Woods was a partial success. It gained a seat at the high table, at least until quotas were reset decades later when the Indian economy had fallen down the ladder. India was successful in putting poverty and development on the agenda of the World Bank, which was originally conceived as a fund to assist the rebuilding of a war-ravaged Europe—the World Bank was essentially the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, until its expansion from 1956 onwards.
India's strident efforts to settle the issue of pound sterling balances with the UK came a cropper, but given the terms of reference for the conference, it was a non-starter.
The role of the different personalities of the delegation was notable. The colonial administrators, especially Raisman, represented India with an unwavering focus on the country's interests. Perhaps the only note of discord was when Deshmukh had threatened a walkout over the issue of quotas and Raisman had reacted sharply to the “unfortunate Indian tendency to non-cooperate".
Half an hour later, he himself suggested that in case quotas remained the same, withdrawal would be the only honourable course. Accounts suggest that Raisman encouraged his Indian subordinates and allowed Deshmukh to emerge as the de facto leader of the team.
Deshmukh, who continued his illustrious career by taking over as finance minster in 1950, greatly impressed Keynes during the negotiations. Keynes singled out Deshmukh for praise, commenting on his “dignity, ability and reasonableness".
Shroff, then director of Tata Sons Ltd, was instrumental in putting forth India's position on sterling balances. He once told the chair curtly that he had “heard and understood" the British delegate's reply, but he did not find it “satisfactory".
Chetty worked closely with Raisman in pushing for the inclusion development goals on the agenda and would go on to become independent India's first finance minister.
In the first four decades since Independence, the Indian economy languished measurably behind its peers. Its influence on the global stage receded accordingly. It has recovered a lot of ground over the past two decades. That the size of the Indian economy was a decisive factor in securing a place on the IMF/World Bank executive board in 1944 only underlines why economic growth must be at the centre of the Indian diplomatic strategy.
Today, the need for a non-European/American managing director of the IMF is widely recognized. When Christine Lagarde finishes her tenure in 2021, India must aim to fight for that role—RBI governor Raghuram Rajan would be a worthy candidate—and help set the rules of the game.
Postscript: Details of the conference presented here are largely based on three sources. The primary source is the transcripts of the Bretton Woods Conference that were discovered a few years ago. They were edited by Kurt Schuler and Andrew Rosenberg and published in 2013 as The Bretton Wood Transcripts. Secondly, the Barons of Banking by Bakhtiar K. Dadabhoy, a history of Indian banking, also gives an account of the Indian delegation's time at the conference. Finally, The Battle of Bretton Woods is an excellent blow-by-blow history of the whole conference, focusing especially on the rivalry of John Maynard Keynes and Harry Dexter White.
Ankit Mital is an economist and a lapsed academic. He is currently writing a book on the 1991 economic crisis and liberalization.
His Twitter handle is @Molto_Vivace_88
Comments are welcome at feedback@livemint.com
For more coverage visit CNN affiliates WPVI and WABC. Are you there? Send pictures and video.
(CNN) -- Two packages found abroad that were bound for Jewish organizations in the United States contained a massive amount of explosive material that would have triggered a powerful blast, a source close to the investigation has told CNN.
U.S. officials believe that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, commonly referred to as AQAP, is behind the plot.
President Barack Obama confirmed that the packages -- intercepted in the United Kingdom and the United Arab Emirates -- originated in Yemen, the stronghold of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula.
"We also know that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ... continues to plan attacks against our homeland, our citizens, and our friends and allies," he said during a press briefing on the incident.
In a statement Saturday, Dubai police said explosives in a package set to be shipped on a FedEx cargo plane had been "professionally" loaded in a package and connected via an electric circuit to a mobile phone chip hidden inside a printer.
"The plot style carries features similar to previous attacks carried out by terrorist organizations like Al Qaeda," the statement said according to WAM official news agency.
Another suspicious package, found at the UK's East Midlands Airport, contained a "manipulated" toner cartridge and had white powder on it as well as wires and a circuit board, a law enforcement source said.
The source close to the investigation said the type of material found in the devices was PETN, a highly explosive organic compound belonging to the same chemical family as nitroglycerin. Just six grams of PETN are enough to blow a hole in the fuselage of an aircraft.
PETN was allegedly one of the components of the bomb concealed by Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab, the Nigerian man accused of trying to set off an explosion aboard Northwest Airlines Flight 253 as it approached Detroit, Michigan, on December 25. AbdulMutallab is alleged to have been carrying 80 grams of PETN in that botched attack -- also believed to be the workings of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula.
By comparison, the source said the two devices found Friday contained multiple times more PETN. The source also said it appears the devices were designed to be detonated by a cell phone with the help of a smaller amount of a second unidentified explosive substance.
The cell-phone theory was seconded by a wireless engineer for a major U.S.-based manufacturer, who analyzed a photo of one of the devices at CNN's request.
"This size and the shape of the PCB (printed circuit board) are typical to a handset cell phone type device," wrote Olivier Clerc, hardware application engineering manager for a cell-phone-parts manufacturer.
Both packages were bound for the United States, "specifically two places of Jewish worship in Chicago," Obama said.
The packages led to increased searches of cargo planes and trucks in several U.S. cities, said law enforcement sources with detailed knowledge of the investigation.
White House counterterrorism chief John Brennan said that "the materials that were found and the device that was discovered were intended to do harm."
Brennan said the discovery of the packages was made with help from Saudi Arabia, and issued a statement thanking the country for its "assistance in developing information that helped underscore the imminence of the threat emanating from Yemen."
A source with firsthand knowledge of the information told CNN that the Saudi Arabian government gave the United States tracking numbers of the two packages, allowing for quick tracing to the United Kingdom and Dubai.
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairwoman Dianne Feinstein, D-California, called the potential plot "a new novel thing -- and that is using FedEx and UPS planes to perhaps bring in something that might be explosive."
The Transportation Security Administration issued Friday afternoon a halt in the United States on all packages originating from Yemen, and shipping companies UPS, FedEx and DHL all said they were complying with the order.
Sen. Susan Collins, the ranking Republican on the Senate Homeland Security Committee, told CNN she is very concerned about holes in the system to screen cargo coming into the United States, said that had a credible intelligence source not warned about the suspicious packages, they may not have been detected with standard security procedures.
Collins, who was briefed by TSA chief John Pistole, said intelligence officials do not know yet if this was part of a larger plot, but she does believe al Qaeda is "continuing to test for vulnerabilities in our security system, and it appears we do have vulnerabilities in our system for transporting cargo."
After the packages were found Thursday night and Friday morning, authorities were tracking other packages shipped from Yemen in the same time frame, a law enforcement source said.
A Yemeni diplomat in Washington said that his government has opened a full-scale investigation into the incident but that it was too early to speculate or reach any conclusions.
Counterterrorism officials are taking the threat "very seriously," Obama said.
The Department of Homeland Security said it "had taken a number of steps to enhance security," including "heightened cargo screening and additional security at airports."
Some Jewish religious leaders in Chicago were alerted to the potential threat Friday, said Linda Haase, spokeswoman for the Jewish Federation of Metropolitan Chicago.
"We were notified about this earlier this morning," she said. "We are taking appropriate precautions, and we are advising local synagogues to do the same."
Rabbi Marvin Hier of the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles, California, said that if synagogues were indeed the intended recipients of the packages, "this is just another indication of the dangerous world we live in where Jews are the principle target."
Meanwhile, U.S. authorities seemed most focused on inspecting cargo planes.
Investigators examined two UPS planes that landed at Philadelphia International Airport in Pennsylvania and another at Newark Liberty International Airport in New Jersey, said Mike Mangeot, a UPS spokesman. Authorities later gave the "all-clear" at both airports, the Transportation Security Administration said.
The TSA said authorities acted "out of an abundance of caution."
CNN's Paul Cruickshank, Eden Pontz, Mark Norman, Ross Levitt, Jeanne Meserve, Susan Candiotti, Caroline Paterson, Per Nyberg, Alan Duke, Steve Kastenbaum, Fran Townsend, Mike Ahlers, Carol Cratty, Chris Lawrence, Elise Labott, Pam Benson and Allan Chernoff contributed to this report.
Update: Four Black Thugs Accused Of Facebook Live Torture Of White Man, Plead Not Guilty!
In early January, a disabled white man was kidnapped, gagged, beaten and tortured by 4 black thugs as they live streamed it on Facebook. Facebook kept the video up even after it had been repeatedly reported by Facebook users as violating the terms of service.
Update: The four thugs charged with this hate crime, Brittany Covington, 18, of Chicago; Tesfaye Cooper, 18 of Chicgao; Jordan Hill, 18 of Carpentersville; and Tanisha Covington, 24 of Chicago pleaded not guilty at their arraignment Friday before a Cook County judge.
Chicago Sun Times reports:
The four people charged in the Facebook Live attack that drew outrage across the city and country pleaded not guilty at their arraignment Friday before Cook County Judge William Hooks. All the defendants' assistant public defenders entered the pleas on behalf of their clients. Their next court date will be March 1. Tanishia Covington, 24, Brittany Covington, 18, Jordan Hill, 18, and Tesfaye Cooper, 18, are accused of holding a schizophrenic white man captive in a West Side apartment last month, forcing him to drink toilet water and cutting his scalp with a knife while making him proclaim, “I love black people.”
Generally when criminals want to get away with a crime, they do everything to hide the evidence. In this case, these 4 brilliant thugs not only video taped their crimes, they live streamed it on Facebook. Of course they plead not guilty. After 8 years of Obama fomenting hatred and division among races, these black thugs think that torturing a white man is acceptable.
These criminals are pure evil and deserve the maximum punishment. I hope they are shown no mercy just like the way they showed no mercy to that poor disabled man they tortured.
(PHOTO Chicago Police Department)
Image copyright Alamy
Author Jeremy Clay tells the story of the woman who cut off her leg to spite her husband.
He wouldn't take no for an answer, that much was clear. The man had turned up unannounced at the London home of The Lancet with a mysterious package under his arm and an urgent look in his eyes. It was late. It was emitting a faint but disagreeable smell. But he demanded to be heard, and wasn't going to budge.
And so he was led to the editor's office, where events immediately took an unexpected turn. The visitor dumped the bundle on a desk and yanked out a human leg. "There!" he cried, brandishing the limb with the triumphant air of someone who had just proved a conclusive point in an ongoing row. "Is there anything the matter with that?"
The assembled staff of the medical journal gazed upon it. No, they were forced to conclude, drawing deep from their accumulated specialist knowledge, there was nothing outwardly wrong with it at all, save for the fact it was no longer attached to a body.
"Did you ever see a handsomer one?" challenged the visitor. Perhaps they had, perhaps they hadn't, but it was certainly an attention-grabber. "A very fair symmetrical lower extremity," the Shields Daily Gazette noted in November 1862, "which had evidently belonged to a woman."
The interrogator wasn't yet done. "What ought to be done with the man who cut it off?" he yelped.
At this stage, his audience decided a few more background facts were required before this grisly display of show-and-tell went any further. The man began to tell his story. And a particularly outlandish one it was too.
Until relatively recently, he said, the leg was where he liked it best - on his wife. He was a great admirer of both the leg and the accompanying foot, he told them. She knew that all too well. But they'd had a fierce quarrel a few days before, and she'd stormed out of the house, vowing "she would be revenged upon him, and that he should never see the objects of his admiration again".
The next thing he heard, she was a patient in hospital, and her leg had been amputated.
"She had declared to the surgeons that she suffered intolerable pain in the knee, and had begged to have the limb removed," said the Gazette, "a petition the surgeon complied with, and thus became the instrument of her absurd and self-torturing revenge upon her husband."
Even by the wild standards of the Victorian press, this seems like a preposterous tale. But there's one line in the report which lends the whole affair a dash of credibility. "The editor of The Lancet vouches for the truth of this statement," it says at the outset.
As it turns out, the article in the Gazette was pinched virtually word for word from The Lancet itself. "We could, if we pleased, name the hospital involved," said the original piece, rather airily.
They didn't, though. Make of that what you will.
Discover more about what life was like in Victorian times and 10 truly bizarre Victorian deaths
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox.
You: “So what do I do with this free quantum computer you gave me access to???” Us: “More now than ever before!”
We just rolled out a huge collection (20+) of brand new Jupyter notebooks on our QISKit (Quantum Information Software developer Kit). Whether you're a quantum research scientist, trying to study the fundamentals of quantum states, a developer who wants to understand how you'd actually solve problems in chemistry or optimization, or someone who is curious how to build quantum games, you're gonna love what we just put out. You are hereby invited to add to the already 1 million-plus experiments run on the system.
Quantum research scientists: we've updated QISKit with important new functionality for studying tomography and decoherence, a.k.a. experiments that let you study the state of the quantum system. We also built new tools to help you visualize quantum states. Plus, a brand-new compiler to map the experiments you actually want to run onto the hardware we have.
Quantum developers, we've told you in the past we think chemistry and optimization will be some of the earliest use cases for quantum. Want to see how to actually run chemistry and optimization experiments? We just published a Jupyter notebook that shows you how to calculate the equilibrium bond lengths in Hydrogen (H 2 ), and Lithium hydride (LiH). Over time, we'll expand the range of molecules and properties we can simulate.
How about optimization? In the real world, there are so many uses of optimization (think of all the things you want to minimize and maximize!). We just put out a Jupyter notebook that showcases MaxCut problems, defined by finding the minimum (cost of something), and the maximum (the profit of that something), as well as the Traveling Salesman challenge of the “perfect route.”
Quantum applications for the classical world
So how do we envision using these notebooks? Possibly as part of a larger project, that maybe you're doing with the Data Science Experience (DSX, an interactive, collaborative, cloud-based environment for data scientists). Just in case that's in the cards for you, we put out a notebook that helps you get started doing quantum experiments through the DSX environment. We also make it easy to invite fellow researchers to collaborate or simply share your work within the community.
Sometimes it is all fun and (quantum) games
These notebooks are just the tip of the iceberg of our recent upgrade to QISkit. But we've also had some great contributions by our friends and community members all over the world. Dr. James Wootton from the University of Basel, for example, posted a “how to” guide for writing quantum games, like Quantum Battleships. Here's how he puts it on his blog: “Like normal Battleships, but simpler and more complex at the same time.”
The IBM Q experience takes you into the lab, into the depths of the dilution refrigerator, through the magic of the cloud, and is freely available to anyone curious about programming a quantum computer. To get started, visit our user guide. And then jump to our Jupyter notebooks to start experimenting.
Learn more about quantum computing at IBM and on developerWorks
We're covered in bacteria every day. They help us digest our food and protect our skin, and they're potentially a great medical tool—but only if we can control them. Scientists think they've taken the first step by engineering bacteria that can live in a swarm, but die when they try to escape individually to new areas.
The right bacteria can help treat infections, out-breed bad bacteria, and help regulate functions like digestion. Scientists at Duke University have taken advantage of the fact that bacteria can change their behavior when they're in large enough concentrations, and have engineered bacteria that rely on dense populations (often in enclosed spaces) to survive. Their findings are published in the latest issue of Molecular Systems Biology.
Advertisement
To make these bacteria—dubbed “swarmbots” because they can only survive in a swarm—the researchers started with a harmless strain of E. coli bacteria. These bacteria were engineered to produce a signaling molecule called N-Acyl homoserine lactone, or AHL.
The phenomenon is known as “quorum sensing.” Bacteria produce AHL when they come together in large enough concentrations. In response to the molecule, some bacteria shorten their tentacle-like appendages and modify their movement, so they all stick together as a slime-like biofilm. Other bacteria, like the luminescent Vibrio fischeri, only produce light when they're in groups, and use AHL as a signal to know when they have a so-called “quorum.”
The swarmbots respond to AHL by producing a protein that is resistant to antibiotics. They stop producing it when they are alone. During the experiment, scientists bathed bacteria in a pool of antibiotics. Regular bacteria, constantly producing the protein, broke out of their small capsule and spread. Swarmbots, however, stayed together. If any one bacterium broke out, it would stop being able to make its “antidote” to antibiotics and die off.
Advertisement
Scientists hope that these bacteria might be useful for all kinds of medical applications. The bacteria could make other proteins or even drugs, in response to the living body around them. When a system weakens enough to allow them to reach a population density, they might make chemicals that regulate the system and bring their own numbers down again.
[Molecular Systems Biology]
UPDATE: 5:45 p.m. EDT — Larry Dawson was issued a "stay away order" by D.C. Superior Court in October, ordering him to keep away from the Capitol grounds, months before be brought a gun to the U.S. Capitol Monday afternoon, court documents show. Dawson was arrested in 2015 for disrupting Congress and yelling out that he was a "prophet of God," according to media reports. He pleaded not guilty.
News reports say Capitol shooting suspect Larry Dawson of TN also caused House disturbance 10/22/15. Here's video.https://t.co/WLq7X7PfWf — CSPAN (@cspan) March 28, 2016
UPDATE: 5:23 p.m. EDT — Video has emerged of the gunman who attacked the U.S. Capitol Monday that shows him yelling at House members last year. Larry Dawson of Tennessee was arrested in 2015 for disrupting Congress and yelling out that he was a "prophet of God," according to the Daily Beast.
Dawson was receiving medical care Monday after he was shot by police. The vehicle he drove to the Capitol in was secured by police and was under investigation, according to media reports.
Here's the Capitol suspect shouting “I'm a prophet of God” during a House session last year. https://t.co/vi3CHlz3Z5 pic.twitter.com/Yz81ugkz44 — Andrew Kirell (@AndrewKirell) March 28, 2016
UPDATE: 5:10 p.m. EDT — As a shooting unfolded at the Capitol Visitors Center in Washington Monday afternoon, chaos broke out, with visitors running and shouting, according to Jill Epstein, executive director of California Association of Marriage and Family Therapists, who was walking through the metal detectors when the shooter attacked. She told NBC News one of her colleagues left his watch, wallet and phone behind because they were on the metal detector conveyor belt when the shooting started.
"People started screaming, 'Get out! Get out!' We didn't know which way to run. We ran out and they told us to get against the wall, so we were crouching against the wall outside the visitors center," Epstein told NBC News.
"Police appeared out of everywhere and they were screaming, 'Run for it! Run for it! Run up that ramp!' And we ran like you see in videos. It was surreal," said Epstein.
US Capitol Police just sent this to Hill staff pic.twitter.com/cTu9GI5Cc5 — Jennifer Bendery (@jbendery) March 28, 2016
UPDATE: 4:55 p.m. EDT — Capitol Police Chief Matthew Verderosa told reporters that an unidentified male suspect was undergoing surgery after being shot by police at the Capitol Visitors Center. The suspect drew and aimed what appeared to be a weapon there just after 2:30 p.m. EDT. He was struck, taken into custody and transported to the hospital.
Verderosa also corrected earlier reports that said a officer had been shot — only the suspect and a female bystander were injured, he said.
"While this is preliminary information, based on the initial investigation we believe this is the act of a single person who has frequented the Capitol grounds before," Verderosa said. "There is no reason to believe this is anything more than a criminal act."
Capitol Police Chief Matthew Verderosa: "It appeared that the screening process worked the way it's supposed to." pic.twitter.com/baq15HoBJg — Fox News (@FoxNews) March 28, 2016
ABC News previously identified the man as Larry Dawson of Tennessee. Dawson was arrested in Washington last fall.
Nobody has been charged in connection with Monday's incident.
UPDATE: 4:26 p.m. EDT — ABC News identified the suspect in the United States Capitol shooting Monday as Larry Dawson of Tennessee. He was arrested in the House last year after an incident in which he yelled that he was a "prophet of God," according to the Daily Beast.
Two Capitol police officers tell me the suspect in the Capitol shooting has "tested" security before. They know him — Rachael Bade (@rachaelmbade) March 28, 2016
Capitol on lockdown earlier & now awaiting presser after shooting at visitors center. Suspect wounded & at hospital. pic.twitter.com/UBPiMC3Mzg — Jason Donner (@jason_donner) March 28, 2016
The D.C. Courts website has a record for a Larry Russell Dawson who was charged with assault on a police officer and unlawful conduct on Capitol grounds in October 2015. He failed to appear in court.
UPDATE: 4:13 p.m. EDT — First Street and East Capitol Street in Washington were closed Monday afternoon as law enforcement continued to investigate a shooting at the U.S. Capitol, the Senate Sergeant at Arms Office tweeted.
The Capitol Police were set to host a news conference about the incident at 4:15 p.m. EDT. Watch it below or here.
UPDATE: 4:04 p.m. EDT — Anonymous federal law enforcement officials told the New York Times Monday they didn't think Monday's shooting at the United States Capitol was "part of a larger plot." An area lockdown had also been lifted, NPR reported.
The White House's earlier lockdown was "a routine precautionary measure" after news broke of the Capitol incident, Secret Service spokesman Robert Hoback told BuzzFeed in a statement.
IG user Sammy Sanchez (@ssammysanchez) posted this video from the #ShotsFired Call at the Capitol #OnlyOn12 pic.twitter.com/ovfjiWim7r — News 12 Now (@wdefnews12) March 28, 2016
UPDATE: 3:50 p.m. EDT — Reports appeared to disagree Monday afternoon about how many people were injured in a shooting at the United States Capitol Building. According to CNN, only one woman was hurt by shrapnel. But the Associated Press reported one Capitol police officer was wounded.
Per USCP, shelter in place has been lifted and the Capitol is open for official business only. Capitol Visitor Center remains closed. #alert — SenateSergeantAtArms (@SenateSAA) March 28, 2016
Tourists now being led out of the Capitol. Free to leave. pic.twitter.com/0w5GyIsQYH — Luke Russert (@LukeRussert) March 28, 2016
UPDATE: 3:39 p.m. EDT — A number of lawmakers took to Twitter Monday afternoon to reassure followers their staff members were safe after a shooting at the United States Capitol Building. Rep. Pete Olsen, R-Texas, and Sen. Chris Murphy, D-Conn., were among the politicians tweeting that their personnel were OK.
Confirmed my DC staff all accounted for & safe. Grateful for @CapitolPolice on the scene. We're all pulling for officer hit in line of duty. — Rep. Todd Young (@RepToddYoung) March 28, 2016
The Associated Press reported that one Capitol police officer had been shot and a suspect taken into custody.
1 Capitol police officer shot; "he's gonna be ok" says his colleague — Asawin Suebsaeng (@swin24) March 28, 2016
The area had undergone a lockdown drill earlier in the day, generating confusion Monday afternoon, according to the Daily Beast.
From a staffer: text alerts from USCP show how in mere hours, escalation from a shooting drill to an actual threat. pic.twitter.com/zbPFn5hlDK — Elaina Plott (@elainaplott) March 28, 2016
UPDATE: 3:27 p.m. EDT — The official Twitter account for the D.C. Metropolitan Police confirmed Monday afternoon there had been "an isolated incident" at the United States Capitol building. "There is no active threat to the public," it wrote. The Associated Press had previously reported that one Capitol police officer had been shot, but not seriously hurt.
Acc to @PeteWilliamsNBC: person entered CVC, pointed gun at police officer, officer fired single shot at suspect, suspect taken to hospital — Erika Masonhall (@ErikaMasonhall) March 28, 2016
Witness to Capitol shooting says it sounded like a "whole clip went off" — Shepard Smith (@ShepNewsTeam) March 28, 2016
According to CNN, a White House lockdown that occurred around the same time as the Capitol's was in reaction to a different incident. The cable channel reported that it involved a person trying to jump the fence.
2 separate incidents happening: one at the White House (which now is back to normal according to @CNN) and at the Capitol Hill complex — Elizabeth Landers (@ElizLanders) March 28, 2016
UPDATE: 3:18 p.m. EDT — CBS News reported that lockdowns at the Capitol and White House had been lifted after a shooting nearby. Congress was on recess, but the White House was hosting its annual Easter Egg Roll Monday.
Lock down at the White House is lifted. USSS walks the North Grounds of the White House. #shooting pic.twitter.com/v7AtZQQX3W — Doug Mills (@dougmillsnyt) March 28, 2016
Bad picture but this is rapper @TheRealSilento being escorted off the WH grounds. He was supposed to perform this hr pic.twitter.com/Yygh54hqAj — Benny (@bennyjohnson) March 28, 2016
WJLA has a live stream from the scene here.
UPDATE: 3:08 p.m. EDT — One person was in custody Monday afternoon after allegedly shooting a police officer near the United States Capitol building, the Associated Press reported. The officer was not critically injured.
The U.S. Capitol's official Facebook page had not yet posted about the incident, but reports continued to persist on social media. Congress is on recess.
Street leading up to the Capitol lined with ambulances and police cars...can't get past barrier along 2nd St pic.twitter.com/iZt7hT2FLJ — Joce Sterman (@jocefromthenews) March 28, 2016
Heavy police and fire response to a reported shooting in the Capitol. Helicopters now too. #Capitolshooting pic.twitter.com/3y19CxlxQD — Ron Haskell (@RonHaskell) March 28, 2016
UPDATE: 3:03 p.m. EDT — The verified Twitter account of the U.S. Senate Sergeant at Arms Office confirmed the Capitol complex's shelter-in-place order Monday afternoon after reports of a shooting. The Associated Press reported the White House had also been locked down.
UPDATE: Capitol's Sergeant At Arms: "Shooter has been caught. One police office shot, but not seriously. Remain sheltered in place." — Jennifer Bendery (@jbendery) March 28, 2016
Lots of ambulances are racing to the US Capitol, staging near the Capitol Visitors Ctr. We are sheltering in place. pic.twitter.com/RKMe4jp0M0 — Steven Portnoy (@stevenportnoy) March 28, 2016
Original story:
Users on social media reported that shots had been fired and they'd gone on lockdown at the United States Capitol building Monday afternoon. The Metropolitan Police Department confirmed a report of a shooting near the Capitol to ABC 7, but further details were unclear as of 2:55 p.m. EDT.
The Daily Beast reported paramedics were en route "to treat multiple injuries," and a reporter for WUSA9 tweeted that a "shooter is down," citing a Capitol Police source.
Here's the email that just went out to Hill staffers. Reports of shots fired in the Capitol Visitors Center. pic.twitter.com/VBjJKxJSQp — Lachlan Markay (@lachlan) March 28, 2016
Everyone is evacuated off east front plaza. Just sprinted into Cannon #Capitol pic.twitter.com/zdXDhH2IGk — George Gerbo (@Gerbo3) March 28, 2016
Shelter in place order just went over PA systems in the Capitol. A lot of police activity near visitor center. Roads closed. — Luke Russert (@LukeRussert) March 28, 2016
This is a developing story. Check back for updates.
WASHINGTON — Vulnerable California Republicans in Congress felt the Earth shift under them Monday as House Speaker Paul Ryan publicly cut his members loose from any obligation of loyalty to the top of the GOP ticket.
Ryan told members of his caucus in a conference call that he would neither campaign with nor defend GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump, providing political cover to Republican House members to denounce the candidate after taped comments by Trump bragging about groping women and Trump's dismissal of those comments during Sunday night's debate as “locker-room banter.”
With the Republican Party reeling from the crisis less than a month before election day, three California Republicans considered most at risk of losing their seats denounced Trump after the emergence of the tapes on Friday. Others in safer seats stayed silent.
Freshman Rep. Steve Knight of Lancaster (Los Angeles County), in a tight race against Democrat Bryan Caforio, said Saturday he was “deeply disturbed” by Trump's remarks and would not vote for him or Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.
For Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista (San Diego County), the timing of the tape's release could not have been worse — arriving just hours after Trump had named him to his national security team.
Issa was one of the first House Republicans to endorse Trump, but he issued a statement Saturday on Facebook saying, “This type of behavior has no place in American politics, especially not from those seeking to lead our great nation.” Issa did not, however, withdraw his endorsement, which left an opening for Issa's Democratic challenger.
“It's incomprehensible that Darrell Issa still supports this vile man's candidacy,” Doug Applegate said in a Twitter post Monday.
Rep. Jeff Denham of Turlock (Stanislaus County), challenged by Democrat Michael Eggman, did not return requests for comment to The Chronicle. But in a statement sent to the Modesto Bee, his spokesman Dave Gilliard said Denham was “deeply disappointed” by “Donald Trump's language toward women and I find it to be beyond inappropriate.” Denham did not withdraw his endorsement of Trump.
Another Republican in a close race to keep his House seat said Saturday the latest revelation reaffirmed why he denounced Trump months ago. In June, Rep. David Valadao, a second-term Republican running against Democrat Emilio Huerta in a heavily Latino district, said he would refuse to support Trump because of his denigrating comments about people “based on their ethnicity, religion, or disabilities.”
On Saturday, the Hanford (Kings County) incumbent tweeted, “I have repeatedly stated I cannot support Trump & this type of disgusting behavior is exactly why.”
Some Republicans, however, remained loyal to Trump, blasting Ryan and other party members for deserting their candidate. Orange County Rep. Dana Rohrabacher called Ryan a coward, both to fellow Republicans on the call and to the Orange County Register.
Ryan is “in a panic,” Rohrabacher told the Register. “It's not good leadership. ... I think the Republicans who are backing away are gutless. We don't have to just be concerned about saving House seats. We have to be concerned about saving the United States of America.”
GOP analyst Ford O'Connell said Republican incumbents as a whole face a political quandary. Disloyalty to the nominee threatens to anger Trump's hard-core loyalists at the party's base who loathe its “establishment” leaders. Yet support for Trump could alienate the large swathes of general election voters, especially women and minorities, who view Trump with revulsion.
“At least until election day, this is still Donald Trump's party,” O'Connell said. “Turning against the nominee could cause problems with base voters.”
Kurt Bardella, a former top aide to Issa who now runs his own consulting firm, said in an email that the “wishful thinking” that Republicans down ballot from Trump could insulate themselves from their party's nominee “has evaporated.”
“At this point, members need to ask themselves if appeasing the fringe of the base is worth being tied to Trump for the rest of their careers,” Bardella said. “If they break with Trump and lose, they still have a path back and can potentially run again. If they stay on the Trump train and lose, there really is no coming back from that.”
Meanwhile, a new NBC/Wall Street Journal poll released Monday vaulted Clinton to an 11-point lead over Trump, a margin so large that if it holds until the election — a big if — it could portend the kind of landslide necessary to put Democrats in the House majority and make House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of San Francisco speaker again.
Democrats need to net 30 seats on Nov. 8 to win back control of the House, a huge hurdle given the tiny number of seats in play thanks to Republican gerrymandering and a deepening partisan divide that has all but eliminated moderates in both parties.
Before Trump's widely panned performance in the first debate last month, his attacks on a former Miss Universe, the lewd tape and Sunday's debate, Democrats had all but given up hope of recapturing the House. Nathan Gonzalez, a nonpartisan political handicapper at the Rothenberg & Gonzales Political Report, had even lowered his projection for Democratic gains from 10 to 15 seats to seven to 12.
In an interview, Gonzales called the NBC/Wall Street Journal poll “stunning,” but counseled caution.
The poll “was taken over the weekend at arguably the worst possible moment for Donald Trump and Republicans,” he said. Although he rates the NBC/Wall Street Journal poll as one of the best national surveys, “We shouldn't draw conclusions based on any one survey.”
Moreover, GOP incumbents down ballot have shown what Gonzales described as a remarkable resiliency given the chaos Trump has sown in the Republican Party. Gonzales said that makes him hesitant to conclude that incumbents down ballot from Trump are suddenly vulnerable.
O'Connell predicted Republicans would narrowly maintain House control, if only because Democrats would have to win nearly every vulnerable seat to reach 30.
“It's still a long haul for Democrats, but then again, we don't know what else could drop,” O'Connell said.
Either way, Republican challengers are making up their minds about Trump.
Justin Fareed, battling Democrat Salud Carbajal for an open seat in Santa Barbara, condemned Trump's 11-year-old taped remarks. In response to a comment on his Facebook page, he said he had not endorsed anyone in the presidential race.
Scott Jones, running against California's most vulnerable Democratic incumbent, Ami Bera of Elk Grove (Sacramento County), disavowed Trump after the tape surfaced. Jones called Trump's actions, if what the presidential candidate said were true, “at best disgusting, and at worst criminal.”
Carolyn Lochhead is The San Francisco Chronicle's Washington correspondent. Email: clochhead@sfchronicle.com
ArcGIS vs QGIS – 10 Most Important Differences Between ArcGIS and QGIS
In thіѕ аrtісlе, we wоuld bе tаkіng a brіеf lооk аt the two leader GIS pieces of software: ArcGIS vs QGIS commonly used today. Wе wоuld bе dіѕсuѕѕіng аbоut whаt dіѕtіnguіѕhеѕ thеѕе twо іn terms of funсtіоnаlіtу, tороlоgу, tуре, Oреrаtіng ѕуѕtеm support аnd ѕо on.
These are two great platforms to work on, hence we will be pointing out the basic differences between them.
Here іѕ a list оf thе bаѕіс differences bеtwееn ArсGIS and QGIS:
1. Documentation
When it comes to documentation, ArcGIS is second to none. It provides an elaborate documentation on how sample data can be delivered easily and how tools can be used effortlessly. Thе саѕе іѕ ԛuіtе dіffеrеnt іn QGIS whоѕе documentation isn't quite gооd.
2. Operating System Support
QGIS can bе іnѕtаllеd оn ѕеvеrаl ореrаtіng ѕуѕtеmѕ whіlе ARCGIS саn only be installed оn wіndоw system. The аbіlіtу оf QGIS being able to run оn ѕеvеrаl platforms gіvеѕ it an еdgе оvеr ARCGIS whісh саn оnlу work оn a ѕіnglе рlаtfоrm( Windows OS to be precise).
3. Tороlоgісаl Funсtіоnаlіtіеѕ
Topology еxрrеѕѕеѕ thе spatial rеlаtіоnѕhірѕ bеtwееn аdjасеnt vector features іn same data layer оr dіffеrеnt data layers. Tороlоgісаl rules аrе uѕеd for detecting еrrоrѕ аnd correcting dіgіtіzеd dаtа.
In QGIS, topological results are not affected by cluster tolerance. On the other hand, topological results are affected by cluster tolerance in ArcGIS
4. Load Time
When it comes to load time speed, QGIS is quite faster than ArcGIS. Although, the case of load time speed depends solely on the user. For instance, a newbie will see ArcGIS as a slow and chunky system, while a GIS expert who wants to work on a large project won't mind waiting for the system to load completely. Nevertheless, QGIS runs quicker than ArcGIS.
5. Development
Thе kеу role in thе dеvеlорmеnt of QGIS belongs to thе соmmunіtу of рrоgrаmmеrѕ thаt bесаmе ѕресіаlіѕtѕ under ѕоmе ѕресіfіс ѕоftwаrе packages. Thіѕ ѕоftwаrе саtеgоrу іѕ ѕuссеѕѕful mоѕt often but nоt always. Uѕuаllу it іѕ соntrоllеd bу nоn-рrоfіt organizations but supported bу commercial оrgаnіzаtіоnѕ that have a рrаgmаtіс іntеrеѕt.
ArcGIS development is being pioneered by Esri development team. Although improved functionalities added to this system was as a result of feedbacks by users of this software.
6. Data entry
Although both ArcGIS and QGIS provide similar functionality when it comes to data entry. When a shapefile is being created in QGIS, you will be promoted to fill the fields with texts, whole or decimal numbers. While in ARCGIS, fields can be created with integers, float, text, etc.
7. Plugins
Onе оf the аdvаntаgеѕ I'vе fоund wіth QGIS іѕ the рlugіn library. It has so mаnу рlugіnѕ. For еxаmрlе, thе рrе-рrосеѕѕіng, processing, and post-processing Landsat, Sеntіnеl іmаgеrу, Sеmі-Autоmаtіс Clаѕѕіfісаtіоn Plugіn, is fаntаѕtіс. In fact, QGIS allows building a plugin of your own.
In ArcGIS, we talk about an add-in instead of a plugin; it is a customization, such as a collection of tools on a toolbar, that plugs into an ArcGIS for Desktop application to provide supplemental functionality for accomplishing custom tasks. These add-ins are authored using NET, Java or Python.
Although ArcGIS also has few add-ins, but can't be compared in number to that of QGIS which has a whole lot of free plugins.
8. Nеtwоrk Analysis Rеѕultѕ
The resultant оutрut was аlmоѕt same but оnе саn calculate thе “shortest раth” in QGIS еаѕіlу with thе hеlр of “Road Grарh” plugin but іn ArсGIS оnе саn't саlсulаtе wіthоut making gеоdаtаbаѕе.
9. Cаrtоgrарhіс Сараbіlіtіеѕ
There are mоrе nаtіvе саrtоgrарhіс оutрut орtіоnѕ with ArсGIS. Dіffеrеnt dаtа frаmеѕ саn be аddеd and linked. ArcGIS also has lot оf аdvаnсеd mарріng funсtіоnаlіtіеѕ. While in QGIS, Dіffеrеnt data frаmеѕ саn't be linked. QGIS dоеѕn't hаvе аdvаnсеd mарріng functionalities as соmраrеd to ArсGIS.
10. Othеr differences
ArcGIS support rісhеr соmрlеx types like Network, Tороlоgу, Gеоmеtrіс Nеtwоrkѕ, еtс.
Eѕrі'ѕ соmрrеhеnѕіvе GIS ѕоlutіоnѕ offer an easier ѕоlutіоn scenario fоr соmрlеx environments (including mobile, wеb and desktop wоrkflоwѕ)
ArcGIS fаmіlу еxtеnd the GIS wоrld fоr nоn-gео professionals, while for gео-рrоfеѕѕіоnаlѕ QGIS саn be a grеаt viable орtіоn/аltеrnаtіvе. It's grоwіng fаѕt аnd it dоеѕ hаvе some оf thе nесеѕѕаrу/rеԛuіrеd features.
Eѕrі still enjoys thе lіоn ѕhаrе оf thе mainstream GIS соmmunіtу. Mоѕt gоvеrnmеnt and соmmеrсіаl аgеnсіеѕ uѕе Eѕrі рrоduсtѕ оvеr аnу оthеr GIS расkаgе. QGIS' ассерtаnсе іѕ grоwіng but is mostly рорulаr in асаdеmіс сіrсlеѕ аnd іn arenas whеrе open source ѕоftwаrе іѕ thе nоrm.
When it comes to price, there is no comparison !! QGIS is FREE for everyone and ArcGIS is a proprietary software and cost thousands of $$$$.
In conclusion, both ArcGIS and QGIS are great GIS platforms to work on.
Guitar Speed Trainer - software course with play-along exercises to develop fast picking, precision and technique. SUBJECTS: Alternate Picking · Semi-alternate Picking · Inverted Picking · Sweep Picking · Tips & Tricks · The PP Secret · Speed Profiles · Muscle Training · Elbow Motion · Wrist Motion · Finger Motion · The LRB Secret · Single Speed · Double Speed · Chromatic Speed · Scale Speed · Pattern Speed · Random Speed · Burst Speed · Special Techniques · Fingerings · Virtuoso Soloing Guitar Speed .com HOME
Start here ... THE METHOD
The step-by-step training strategy for improving speed and technique TRIAL DOWNLOAD
Download the trial version and EXPERIENCE how speed training works... ORDER INFORMATION
How to order online, download, and get started immediately SUPPORT & CONTACT
Click here if you need help or if you have any question NEWSLETTER
Receive news, tips, downloads, and articles on guitar speed PRIVACY POLICY Do you want to play fast ? Are you ready to follow a systematic training method? Can you practice at least 20 minutes a day for the next two months? The Guitar Speed Trainer is a home study course software designed to help you develop superior speed and technique. It starts with knowledge ... The first thing you need is correct information. If you want to make significant progress then you simply must know all the important facts about guitar speed. That's why the very first thing you will do with the Guitar Speed Trainer will be learning the fundamentals: How speed picking really works.
works. The four picking strategies.
The three types of motion.
How to measure your speed.
Advantages and disadvantages of different approaches.
The "PP" secret for developing jaw-dropping speed.
The five worst training mistakes, and how to avoid them.
How to do the right exercise at the right time.
The "LRB" secret of super-coordination at high speed. Then, effective training Once you have the knowledge, the Guitar Speed Trainer then helps you translate it into action and get the best possible results in the shortest time. For example, GST helps you measure your Speed Profile and use that information to fine-tune your exercises. To get maximum benefit from every single minute of practice, GST uses the Ideal Speed Curve. This is a unique training strategy that ensure you always train "in the zone". Simple but effective drills focus on different types of Fingering and Phrasing (e.g scales, patterns, chromatic, etc.) All important Picking Techniques (e.g. single and double, alternate and semi-alternate, etc.) are exercised through short specialized exercises. Combining together all the individual techniques into a Virtuoso Solo is the final step. What seemed at first an impossible dream gradually becomes a concrete reality, in only a few weeks, thanks to GST's progressive and effective training strategy. So that's what the Guitar Speed Trainer truly gives you: All the necessary knowledge and all the personalized training you need to become a very fast guitar player. And if being a fast guitar player with great technique is what you want, I invite you to start by learning more about the guitar speed training method © Copyright GuitarSpeed.com
All Rights Reserved
Fanbases get rowdy during critical games. When emotions are high and there are a few beers involved, a fight can start. And that's what happened at TD Garden during Game 7 between the Wizards and Celtics. Boston came through with a series clinching 115-105 win.
According to Albert Breer of Comcast SportsNet New England, a Celtics fan slapped a Wizards fan at some point during the game. The Wizards fan took offense and punched the Celtics fan, causing a bloody mess.
Per my buddy @daverstevens, a Wizards fan did score a win for D.C. on the undercard tonight at the Garden. pic.twitter.com/DAgpjX8uAh — Albert Breer (@AlbertBreer) May 16, 2017
@jasonrmcintyre @daverstevens Blood. Source: Celtics fan slapped Wizards fan, Wizards fan responded by knocking Celtics fan out. — Albert Breer (@AlbertBreer) May 16, 2017
I get fans will get in arguments during games, but this isn't a sign of good sportsmanship to say the least.
UPDATE on May 16, 2017 at 12:25 p.m.: There's video on the internet of the fight. It is not pretty. Fighting people at sports games or really anywhere is a bad idea.
“Every time there is another story out, people come out,” she said. “They want to know how to get to that area. Where it is. The more there is, the more you talk about it, the more it goes on and on.”
Rachel was fairly deserted the other day, save for a family from Seattle on a drive from Las Vegas to Yosemite that made a U.F.O. detour at the urging of their 16-year-old, Hank Reavis. His arms full of Area 51 T-shirts as his father reached for his wallet, Hank said he wanted to see for himself the place featured in movies like “Paul.”
Asked if they would visit Area 51 itself, Hank's father, Gil, a retired logger, answered “Yes.” Hank corrected him.
“We won't get in there, Dad,” he said.
That observation was confirmed after a nine-mile drive up Back Gate Road to a back entrance of the base. Or at least, one assumes it was the back entrance to the base, given the six separate WARNING! signs prohibiting picture-taking or going beyond the two guard gates with flashing red lights.
“If you pass the gate, they can shoot you, I think,” said Niklas Gartler, 17, of Vienna, who came here with his uncle from Los Angeles.
Well maybe not shoot; the signs promise six months in prison for trespassers. The greater threat, in truth, might be the rattlesnakes that infest the roads and trails here during the hot summer months.
The report, “The Central Intelligence Agency and Overhead Reconnaissance: The U-2 and Oxcart Programs, 1954-1974,” was released, albeit in a redacted form, at the request of Jeffrey T. Richelson, a senior fellow with the National Security Archive at George Washington University. “There certainly was — as you would expect — no discussion of little green men here,” Mr. Richelson said. “This is a history of the U-2. The only overlap is the discussion of the U-2 flights and U.F.O. sightings, the fact that you had these high-flying aircraft in the air being the cause of some of the sightings.”
Marine Le Pen, leader of the French right wing National Front party, compared Jean-Claude Juncker's State of the Union speech to a “funeral for the European Union” and branded it “insipid and faulty.”
The prominent eurosceptic politician also reiterated her vow to hold a referendum on EU membership if elected as French President in 2017 during her speech at EU Parliament.
Read more
In his annual address, Jean-Claude Juncker voiced “respect and regret” at the UK's decision to leave the union, but said the EU would survive.
“Allow me to state, we respect and at the same time regret the UK's decision, but the EU as such is not at risk,” said Juncker.
Le Pen commented on the "regrets" of European Commission president.
“Brexit has really broken a taboo. The British have shown us that you can leave the European Union and you can come out better,” said Le Pen. She called fears about the consequences of Brexit a “lie,” since harmful impact of the decision was widely exaggerated.
“The catastrophic visions were just a lie. The UK is doing quite well, the shock that you wanted to see has now turned into trust, everybody thought there was going to be apocalypse falling on the UK but that didn't happen.”
In his speech, Juncker admitted that the EU may not have “enough union”, with populist parties gaining power.
He also spoke about social justice, migration and security.
Read more
Marine le Pen said that Juncker's words on the EU are a “magic formula” that “has no power.”
“Your answer for everything, no matter what, is ‘more Europe'. Terrorism, immigration, economy, agriculture? You count on Europe to protect us,” said Le Pen.
“What is Europe protecting us from? From prosperity?” she added.
Marine Le Pen welcomed the outcome of Brexit referendum in June and promised to hold a similar referendum in France. The potential withdrawal of France from the EU is commonly referred as ‘Frexit'.
According to a poll by Pew Research Center in June before the British referendum, 61 percent of France supported departure from the EU. The result was second only to Greece's 71 percent.
Obama's Nuclear Paradox: Pushing For Cuts, Agreeing To Upgrade
Enlarge this image toggle caption Charles Dharapak/AP Charles Dharapak/AP
President Obama came into office with a dream of a world without nuclear weapons, and he's sure to touch on this theme Friday when he becomes the first sitting U.S. president to visit Hiroshima, site of the world's first atomic bombing.
Yet Obama also has put the U.S. on course to spend around $1 trillion on upgrading its nuclear arsenal over the next three decades, critics say.
Everything about nuclear weapons is extreme: the implications of their use, the costs involved, and the strategic and political paradoxes they create.
Although the world hasn't seen a nuclear attack since 1945, the U.S. "uses" its strategic weapons every day, advocates say, by having them on hand to deter potential enemies. The most destructive arsenals ever built kept the world from fighting a major war, supporters say.
And a president who has opposed nuclear weapons all his life has wound up asking Congress to fund a new class of ballistic missile submarine, a new stealth bomber, upgrades to the current stock of nuclear weapons, a new cruise missile and billions of dollars of other programs.
The world's other nuclear superpower, Russia, is rejuvenating its own nuclear arsenal and threatening to develop whole new weapons, including an intermediate-range missile and what it claims is a new nuclear torpedo.
China, Russia, India and the United States all are developing new missiles that travel at least three times the speed of sound. Disarmament activists say no country should have these weapons.
"Obama and his successor, along with Russian President Vladimir Putin, have a responsibility to pull back from a nuclear action-reaction cycle that would put both countries at greater risk and block further nuclear reductions for many more years to come," declared Daryl Kimball, head of the Arms Control Association.
Kimball has called on Obama to propose new negotiations on global restraint, urge China, India and Pakistan to freeze their nuclear stockpiles and call for "a new push for a world without nuclear weapons."
Obama's Vision
In 2009, the first year of his presidency, Obama laid down what he called a "comprehensive agenda" to get to a nuclear-free world. And on a visit to Japan that same year, he said he hoped to visit Hiroshima while in office.
On Friday, he will make good on that second promise. But the president is nowhere close to the first — though he has always tried to be realistic about it.
"This is a distant goal, and we have to take specific steps in the interim to meet this goal," Obama said in 2009. "It will take time. It will not be reached probably even in our own lifetimes. But in seeking this goal we can stop the spread of nuclear weapons, we can secure loose nuclear weapons [and] we can strengthen the nonproliferation regime."
The president did get a new strategic arms reduction treaty with Russia in 2010 that obliges both sides to reduce their numbers of deployed strategic warheads to 1,550. He did make good on his vow to convene regular nuclear security summits aimed at getting control of loose nuclear material.
But the treaty with Russia, known as New START, did not address tactical nuclear weapons, and critics blasted what they called the imbalance of a deal in which they said Washington made more concessions than Moscow.
This year's nuclear safety summit in Washington was viewed as a mere victory lap — which Russia boycotted. And by the final year of Obama's term, it has become clear that the administration will have wound up spending more on new weapons than on nonproliferation. A lot more.
The Navy could spend nearly $100 billion on a class of 12 new submarines to carry the sea-based leg of the nuclear deterrent. The full cost of the Air Force's new nuclear stealth bomber is secret, but it will amount to at least $55 billion or more. The Air Force wants a new nuclear cruise missile, to upgrade its arsenal of B-61 nuclear bombs, and to develop a new ballistic missile to replace its 1970s-era Minuteman III.
A Major Expense
The Pentagon's plan to recapitalize the nuclear force is so expensive the military services don't want to pay for it out of their own budgets.
First, Congress created a special fund outside the shipbuilding account to cover the Navy's new submarine. Then, this spring, Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James told a House panel that if there's going to be a special fund for strategic deterrence, it should pay for everything in the triad — the Navy submarine and the new Air Force bomber and ballistic missile.
The strategic deterrence mission remains so critical that new funding should come on top of the services' base budgets, Pentagon leaders say, because the U.S. can't risk letting its current systems get too old.
"This is foundational to our survival as a nation," Chief of Naval Operations Adm. John Richardson argued when he issued his new guidance for the Navy.
Nuclear weapons opponents feel keenly what they call the dichotomy between where Obama began and where he has wound up.
"We're at this moment where the bookends of his administration are so in conflict with each other," said Rachel Bronson, executive director of the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists. "We've come from the grand visions of 2009 to the beginnings of major nuclear modernization and setting up for Cold War 2.0."
Part By Accident, Part By Design
Obama's legacy is partly the fault of history and partly the result of his own actions, Bronson said.
The first-term Obama, fresh from his election and eager to pursue a "reset" with Russia, did not anticipate that Putin would invade Ukraine and chill relations so profoundly.
Obama and his administration did, however, know exactly what they were doing when they tried to sell the 2010 New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty to the Senate, Bronson said.
The administration tried to appeal to pro-nuclear senators by agreeing to invest in the nation's nuclear labs and nuclear weapons infrastructure, which set in motion policies that may long outlast Obama's term.
Anti-nuclear groups hope the president will use the time he has left to do something big.
"The president must do more than give another beautiful speech about nuclear disarmament," wrote Lisbeth Gronlund of the Union of Concerned Scientists. "The world needs — indeed, is desperate for — concrete action."
The Union of Concerned Scientists is pushing for Obama to take the American nuclear triad off what it calls "hair-trigger alert," in which Air Force bombers and land-based missiles and Navy submarines keep ready to launch on a few minutes' notice. That creates too much risk for a miscalculation or mistake, opponents say.
American policies, along with nuclear modernization in China and Russia, plus North Korea's ambitions, prompted the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists to move its "Doomsday Clock" from 5 minutes too midnight to 3 minutes. The bulletin kept it there earlier this year — to convey how close it fears the world could be to destruction.
"There were bright spots," Bronson said, "but it didn't feel like a very optimistic time."
What Donald Trump is doing on the campaign trail
What Donald Trump is doing on the campaign trail
He is preaching to the converted. He is lashing out at anyone who is not completely loyal. He is detaching himself from and delegitimizing the institutions of American political life. And he is proclaiming conspiracies everywhere — in polls (rigged), in debate moderators (biased) and in the election itself (soon to be stolen).
In the presidential campaign's home stretch, Donald Trump is fully inhabiting his own echo chamber. The Republican nominee has turned inward, increasingly isolated from the country's mainstream and leaders of his own party, and determined to rouse his most fervent supporters with dire warnings that their populist movement could fall prey to dark and collusive forces.
This is a campaign right out of Breitbart, the incendiary conservative website run until recently by Stephen K. Bannon, now the Trump campaign's chief executive — and it is an act of retaliation.
A turbulent few weeks punctuated by allegations of sexual harassment have left Trump trailing Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in nearly every swing state. Trump's gamble is that igniting his army of working-class whites could do more to put him in contention than any sort of broad, tempered appeal to undecided voters.
The execution has been volatile. Since announcing last week that “the shackles have been taken off me,” Trump, bolstered by allies on talk radio and social media, has been creating an alternate reality — one full of innuendo about Clinton, tirades about the unfair news media and prophecies of Trump's imminent triumph.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump believes there's a global conspiracy to stop him from becoming president – but it's not the first time he's pushed unfounded theories. (Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post)
The candidate once omnipresent across the “mainstream media” these days largely limits his interviews to the safe harbor of the opinion shows on Fox News, and most of them are with Sean Hannity, a Trump supporter and informal counselor.
[Trump says groping allegations are part of a global conspiracy to help Clinton]
Many Republicans see the Trump campaign's latest incarnation as a mirror into the psyche of their party's restive base: pulsating with grievance and vitriol, unmoored from conservative orthodoxy, and deeply suspicious of the fast-changing culture and the consequences of globalization.
“I think Trump is right: The shackles have been released, but they were the shackles of reality,” said Mike Murphy, a veteran GOP strategist. “Trump has now shifted to a mode of complete egomaniacal self-indulgence. If he's going to go off with these merry alt-right pranksters and only talk to people who vote Republican no matter what, he's going to lose the election substantially.”
Even retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, a Trump supporter and adviser, acknowledged the difficulties for Trump. He said the nominee's understanding of what motivates his base is “what got him through the primaries. The problem for him is that you have to expand that in order to win a general election. What's out there is powerful, but not enough.”
For Bannon and legions of Trump fans, Trump's approach is not only a relished escalation of his combativeness, but also a chance to reshape the GOP in Trump's hard-line nationalist image.
“This is a hostile takeover,” said former House speaker Newt Gingrich (R), a Trump ally. “They believe the media is their mortal enemy and the country is in mortal danger, that Hillary Clinton would end America as we know it.”
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's surrogates on Oct. 16 accused the media of ignoring the release of hacked emails from Hillary Clinton's campaign by WikiLeaks. (Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
Gingrich continued: “This is not only about beating Hillary Clinton. It's about breaking the elite media, which has become the phalanx of the establishment.”
Trump's strategy was crystallized by his defiant speech Thursday in West Palm Beach, Fla., in which he brazenly argued that the women who have accused him of unwanted kissing and groping were complicit in a global conspiracy of political, business and media elites to slander him and extinguish his outsider campaign.
“It's a global power structure,” he said. Trump went on to describe himself as a populist martyr — “I take all of these slings and arrows gladly for you” — and posited: “This is not simply another four-year election. This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not we the people reclaim control over our government.”
Two days earlier, Trump was in Panama City Beach on Florida's culturally conservative panhandle sketching out his universe. His rally was outdoors after sunset. The amphitheater's capacity was 7,500, and there were large pockets of empty space, but a man came on the loudspeakers with an announcement: This was a record crowd of 10,000 people, with an additional 10,000 outside the perimeter.
When Trump strode out, he one-upped his announcer. “I guess we have 11,200 here, and outside we have over 10,000 people!”
So it went for the next 50 minutes as Trump told a patchwork of exaggerations and falsehoods about what he deemed his criminal opponent and the libelous news media conspiring to elect her.
“The election of Hillary Clinton will lead to the destruction of our country,” Trump said. “Believe me.”
One of his believers was Chris Ricker, 49, an electrician. Trump's slogans are his slogans — Ricker's ­T-shirt read: “Hillary Clinton for Prison” — and Trump's enemies are his enemies. “I watch Fox News 100 percent, but can you put down that I hate Megyn Kelly?” he asked.
Pointing at the crowd, Ricker said: “See this right here? This is a revolution.”
Ricker got to talking about Clinton and her “secret microphone” at the first debate. He was indignant when a reporter stated that Clinton had no such device: “Dude, where are you at? You haven't seen the videos? There was somebody sitting backstage giving her answers. It's all corrupt.”
By week's end, a new conspiracy was born. Trump insinuated during a rally Saturday in Portsmouth, N.H., that Clinton may be taking drugs.
“We should take a drug test prior [to the next debate], because I don't know what's going on with her,” Trump said. “At the beginning of her last debate she was all pumped up at the beginning, and at the end it was like, ‘Oh, take me down.' ”
[Trump claims election is ‘rigged' and calls for pre-debate drug tests]
The impact of Trump's provocations could extend beyond Election Day. Again and again, Trump has ominously predicted a “stolen election.” In Pennsylvania, for instance, he has instructed his rural white supporters to go to Philadelphia, a city with a large black population, to stand watch for voter fraud.
On Friday in Charlotte, another diverse city, Trump said: “The election is rigged. It's rigged to like you have never seen before. They're rigging the system.”
Departing from the norms of American democracy, Trump appears to be laying the foundation to contest the results, should he lose, and delegitimize a Clinton presidency in the minds of his followers.
Trump's echo chamber is not altogether new. It is a more nationalistic and racially charged strain of the one most elected Republicans have inhabited for two decades. Conservative talk radio and Fox News, which rose to prominence in the late 1990s, became for party leaders a retreat and a source of power.
But in recent years this echo chamber has evolved from being an arm of the party into an unpredictable and sprawling orbit of the American right. Starting with the tea party movement in the early years of Barack Obama's presidency, fury over what activists saw as a capitulating GOP establishment created a vacuum for someone or something to take hold.
Enter Trump, who promised total disruption and whose movement has been fueled not only by talk radio and television personalities, but also by a galaxy of blogs, websites and super PACs that saw money to be made and influence to be gained. Together they fed on false theories such as challenging President Obama's birthplace in Hawaii, and the connective tissue for their working-class rage has been the threat of illegal immigration.
Obama described this world as a “swamp of crazy that has been fed over and over and over and over again.”
“Donald Trump, as he's prone to do, he didn't build the building himself, but he just slapped his name on it and took credit for it,” Obama said Thursday in a speech in Columbus, Ohio.
Trump's worldview extends beyond what is published on Breitbart, which specializes in turbocharged coverage of illegal immigration and unproved theories about Obama and Clinton. Still, Bannon, who has been traveling with Trump daily, shares with him the latest Breitbart material and helps him hone lines slamming the Clintons. He tells Trump that he is the American incarnation of populist movements rising in capitals around the world, such as Brexit in Britain.
Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) — who has excoriated the “masters of the universe” obsessed with open borders — is another conduit and confidant, as is Trump's policy maven and speechwriter, Stephen Miller, a former Sessions adviser.
Then there is Roger Stone, Trump's longtime adviser and provocateur who has published conspiratorial writings about the Clintons. From Stone one can trace Trump's political bloodline to Alex Jones, who runs the website Infowars.com, which has trafficked in stories about the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks being a tyrannical government conspiracy.
Trump sat for an interview with Jones in late 2015 in which Jones spoke about the United States becoming a “third-world nation” and “globalists that want to have a world government.” Trump nodded along.
Jones more recently has called Obama and Clinton “demon possessed,” smelling of sulfur and attracting flies. At the second debate, Trump picked up on that characterization, labeling Clinton “the devil.” And it was Stone, in a recent interview with Infowars, who introduced the unfounded theory advanced on the stump by Trump that Clinton was “jacked up on something” in the second debate.
[A generation of GOP stars may be diminished: ‘Everything Trump touches dies']
Clinton has admonished Trump for taking what she calls “a radical fringe” into the political mainstream, and her advisers have watched with disgust as Trump has crafted a closing message rooted in dark conspiracies.
“It would be laughable that a Republican nominee for president would have allowed his campaign to be overtaken by Breitbart and Infowars, except that it is a very dangerous and cynical thing to do to try to convince voters of these lies,” said Jennifer Palmieri, the Clinton campaign's communications director.
Trump may not be a fleeting example of how an outsider will use this alt-right ecosystem to build a base of national support from outside of the Republican mainstream. Carson said he saw firsthand how these forces could propel a political outsider to the top tier of the presidential nominating contest.
“There were a lot of people who supported me who recognized that the Democrats and the Republicans were often one and the same,” Carson said. “They saw them as one establishment, and they put the media together with it.”
While Jones worked as a licensed vocational nurse (LVN) at the Bexar County Hospital (now University Hospital of San Antonio) in the pediatric intensive care unit, a statistically improbable number of children died under her care.[9] Because the hospital feared being sued, it simply asked all of its LVNs, including Jones, to resign and staffed the pediatric ICU exclusively with registered nurses. No further investigation was pursued by the hospital.[10]
Jones left and took a position at a pediatrician's clinic in Kerrville, Texas, some 60 miles northwest of San Antonio. It was here that she was charged with poisoning six children. The doctor in the office discovered puncture marks in a bottle of succinylcholine in the drug storage, where only she and Jones had access. Contents of the apparently full bottle were later found to be diluted. Succinylcholine is a powerful paralytic that causes temporary paralysis of all skeletal muscles, as well as those that control breathing. A patient cannot breathe while under the influence of this drug. In small children, cardiac arrest is the ultimate result of deoxygenation due to lack of respiration.[11]
Jones claimed she was trying to stimulate the creation of a pediatric intensive care unit in Kerrville.[12][13]
Mike Blanchfield, The Canadian Press
OTTAWA -- The European Union doesn't expect to resolve its visa dispute with Canada by a Tuesday deadline, forcing it to trigger a process that could see Canadians forced to get visas to visit 26 EU countries.
The 28-country bloc sees no prospect of meeting the deadline to settle a dispute over a Canadian visa requirement for travellers from Romania and Bulgaria, EU sources told The Canadian Press on Friday.
Though it would take several months for the visa rules to come into force, Tuesday's meeting of the EU College of Commissioners looks set to re-ignite a nasty public spat in a year when Canada and the EU are hoping to finally ratify their landmark free-trade deal, which has been seven years in the making.
Jean-Claude Juncker, the president of the EU's executive commission, personally placed the matter on the college's Tuesday agenda to comply with a two-year-old EU regulation that forces it to seek visa reciprocity with Canada, the United States and other countries, sources said.
The issue has not crept up on Canada: notice of the non-reciprocity action was published in EU journals on April 12, 2014, which started a two-year clock ticking. Once it expires, the European Commission is obliged to move forward with a "delegated act" that essentially gets the ball rolling towards imposing a retaliatory, one-year visa requirement on Canadian travellers.
"It is a political commission and therefore they need to have a political discussion on the topic," said one source.
"If non-reciprocity still exists on Tuesday -- which we can be pretty sure of -- the commission will be obliged to adopt that delegated act on a temporary suspension of the visa waiver for 12 months."
Canadians who have booked a springtime visit to Paris or a summer excursion to Pamplona's running of the bulls need not fret just yet.
Even if Canada does nothing to resolve the issue, it could take anywhere from four to nine months for the visa to take effect because of various EU rules.
The European Parliament and Commission will have four months to block the "delegated act" if a majority vote in either of those bodies fails to uphold it. Given high stakes of the Canada-EU free trade deal, it is possible that many European countries will break ranks with their Bulgarian and Romanian colleagues.
But the brinkmanship has left EU officials and politicians exasperated.
Representatives from Canada, the EU, Bulgaria and Romania have met four times since the EU filed notice on the issue, but no progress has been made, said another source.
In January, a Romanian member of the European Parliament wrote to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Immigration Minister John McCallum and International Trade Minister Chrystia Freeland, urging in strong language that the Liberals solve the problem.
European lawmaker Sorin Moisa wrote that removing visas for Romanians and Bulgarians "would not bring any risks for Canada, would remove some of the real political risks to CETA's adoption and would spare both the EU and Canada an embarrassing legal and political row."
The EU's embassy in Ottawa declined comment.
Felix Corriveau, a spokesman for McCallum, said Canadian officials in Ottawa and Brussels are "heavily engaged in a very positive, ongoing dialogue with Romania, Bulgaria and the European Commission."
"Canada's visa policy is not based on reciprocity," he added, saying it tries to strike a balance between welcoming visitors to Canada and "protecting the health, safety and security of Canadians."
Corriveau said visa policy is not linked in any way to free trade agreements.
Moisa, a member of the European Parliament's trade committee, disagrees.
"While I have never made the CETA-visa link myself, the EU-Canada summit that closed the CETA negotiations in September 2014 did it with utmost clarity," he writes.
A joint statement calling for visa-free travel for all Canadian and EU citizens was issued after the summit.
If a visa requirement were imposed on Canadian travellers, it would affect only the 26 countries of the EU's Schengen Area, with Britain and Ireland exempt.
The United States faces the same retaliation as Canada because it requires visas for visitors from Romania and Bulgaria as well as Croatia, Cyprus and Poland.
New study shows a woman's marital surname choice influences how people perceive the distribution of power in a marriage
Heidelberg | New York, 21 November 2017
When a woman chooses not to take her husband's surname after marriage, people perceive her husband as being higher in traits related to femininity and lower in traits related to masculinity. He is also perceived as having less power in the relationship. This is according to a study led by Rachael Robnett of the University of Nevada in the US. The research is published in Springer's journal Sex Roles and is the first to examine whether people's perceptions of a man's personality vary depending on whether his wife adopts his surname or retains her own.
The tradition of women adopting their husbands' surname after marriage is arguably one of the most widespread gender-role norms in Western cultures. In recent decades, it has gained attention from feminist scholars who want to understand why the surname tradition remains widely endorsed despite marked changes in the role that women play in society and in the labor force.
According to previous studies, women who violate the marital surname tradition are viewed differently from others. They are described in terms of instrumental traits that in a gendered society are typically assigned to men. These include having a higher status, yielding more power, being more self-focused, ambitious and assertive. These traits contrast with the expressive characteristics that are typically assigned to women, such as being more nurturing, kind and having less influence and power.
To date, researchers have not yet examined how a woman's marital surname choice influences how others perceive her husband. To this end, Robnett and her colleagues carried out three studies in the US and UK. The first two studies showed that husbands whose wives keep their own surnames are often described through terms that are counter to the gender-typical personality traits and power framework used for men. They are described in more expressive than instrumental terms, and are seen to hold less power in a marriage.
“A woman's marital surname choice therefore has implications for perceptions of her husband's instrumentality, expressivity, and the distribution of power in the relationship,” says Robnett. “Our findings indicate that people extrapolate from marital surname choices to make more general inferences about a couple's gender-typed personality traits.”
Results from the third study conducted by Robnett's team suggest that people are not unanimous in how they think about such cases. People who firmly hold on to traditional gender roles and can be described as hostile sexists react particularly strongly to a man whose wife retains her surname because they see him as being disempowered.
“We know from prior research that people high in hostile sexism respond negatively to women who violate traditional gender roles,” says Robnett. “Our findings show that they also apply stereotypes to nontraditional women's husbands.”
“This study joins several others in alluding to a link between traditions in heterosexual romantic relationships and power structures favoring men,” says Robnett. “The marital surname tradition is more than just a tradition. It reflects subtle gender-role norms and ideologies that often remain unquestioned despite privileging men.”
Reference: Robnett, R. et al (2017). Does a Woman's Marital Surname Choice Influence Perceptions of Her Husband? An Analysis Focusing on Gender-Typed Traits and Relationship Power Dynamics, Sex Roles DOI: 10.1007/s11199-017-0856-6
Further Information
About the journal Sex Roles
Services for Journalists
The full-text article is available to journalists on request.
Contact
Elizabeth Hawkins | Springer Nature | Communications
tel +49 6221 487 8130 | elizabeth.hawkins@springer.com
It isn't accurate to call Mary Landrieu "the last Southern Democrat," as one headline after another put it in the days leading up to and following her defeat in Saturday's runoff election in Louisiana. While it's true that Republicans now control almost all the Senate seats, governorships, and legislatures of the 11 states of the old confederacy (the exceptions are found in Virginia and Florida), there are quite a few Democratic elected officials left in the South—but few of them were elected statewide, and a large proportion of them are black.
For years, Democrats have tried to hold on in the South by appealing to the white voters who have steadily drifted away from them. That strategy has failed. Their future in the South—and they can have one—would start with black and Latino voters and work outward from there. It would be almost the exact opposite of how Democrats have been running statewide in recent years.
No one expected Landrieu to hold on for a third term in the Senate, notwithstanding her decades in office or her family's famous New Orleans name (her father is a former mayor; her brother is mayor now). Louisiana is a deeply Republican state, one that has only grown more Republican in recent years. Or it's more accurate to say that, just as in other states in the region, white Louisianans have grown more Republican. This may be the most telling piece of data about Landrieu's decline, from Politico: "During the open primary election last month, Landrieu won just 18 percent of the white vote, according to exit polls, compared to 33 percent six years ago."
Eighteen percent may be abysmal, but Barack Obama did even worse among Louisiana's whites. While there were no exit polls there in 2012, in 2008, he got only 14 percent of the white vote. Only in Alabama and Mississippi were his losses among whites more complete; he got 10 percent in the former and 11 percent in the latter.
So is the South now lost for Democrats? The problem with that question is that it lumps together states that are very different. Some states may indeed be lost, at least in the near future. But others are not. Democratic chances are a function of two variables: the proportion of non-white voters, and the particular kind of white voters, in each state.
Landrieu's loss is being described by some as the end point of a process that began in the 1960s, when Democrats became the party of civil rights and white Southerners began their migration to the GOP. That movement was slow but inexorable, and the election of Barack Obama solidified the idea in the South that the Republican Party is where white people naturally belong. Recent racial controversies have no doubt reinforced the division; as Ed Kilgore recently wrote, "I've just spent nearly a week back home in exurban Atlanta, and I regret to report that the events in and in reaction to Ferguson have brought back (at least in some of the older white folks I talked with) nasty and openly racist attitudes I haven't heard expressed in so unguarded a manner since the 1970s."
But Georgia is a state that looks to be competitive for Democrats, and it isn't because the whites there aren't overwhelmingly Republican (only 23 percent of them voted for Obama in 2008). It's because of a rising population of blacks and Latinos. Other states, like North Carolina, have a growing minority population and a healthy number of white liberals (even if it's nothing close to a majority of whites) that can bring 50 percent of the vote within reach.
So how can Democrats win with this kind of coalition? Not only does the old playbook for white Southern Democrats—emphasize your independence from the national party, brandish totems of cultural affinity (i.e., shoot some guns), bring home the bacon—not work anymore, there's an alternative: Be a more loyal Democrat.
To be clear, I'm not just saying that given a choice between a fake Republican and a real Republican, voters will choose the real Republican every time. Strong liberals, like strong conservatives, tend to think that the answer to nearly every defeat can be found in more ideological faithfulness; sometimes that's true and sometimes it isn't. What I am saying is that the only viable Democratic path in much of the South is to essentially forget about the conservative whites—they're Republicans now, and that isn't going to change.
In some places in the South—Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas—the coalition of minorities and liberal whites is just too small to win statewide, no matter what. But in other places—North Carolina now, and eventually Georgia and Texas—it could be enough, given the right circumstances.
Winning with that coalition requires a mobilization strategy, in contrast to the persuasion strategy so many Southern Democrats have used in the past. It means putting all your energy into getting those Democrats registered and voting, and not wasting time convincing unpersuadable white conservatives that you aren't like those other Democrats they see on TV. In fact, it just might require being more liberal, because that will be a stronger motivator for the liberal coalition. When a Southern Democrat bashes the national party, it usually fails to win over the white conservatives they're after, and it dampens the enthusiasm of reliably Democratic voters. So a greater emphasis on the things that distinguish Democrats from Republicans could give them more of a chance to win, particularly in presidential election years when turnout will already be higher.
I'll admit that there are places where this approach would inevitably fall short. But those are precisely the places where Democrats are all but guaranteed to lose anyway. A proudly liberal Democrat isn't going to do any worse in South Carolina than a Democrat who tries to convince voters that he can't stand his own party. This approach would have the added benefit of not making Democrats look weak and unprincipled, as they so often appear by the end of a campaign in the South.
And it isn't like they have a lot of other options. Why not give it a try?
1. Lack of access:
Most Americans have no access to art education, period. Funding for art education in public schools has been on the decline for decades. In general, art education starts too late for those who are interested in making art. Starting in high school is late. Many students apply to art school without even having taken art in high school.
2. The economic crisis of higher learning is especially evident in art and design schools:
There has been plenty of press already about the inflated cost of higher education and the obscene scale of student debt. Art and design schools are disproportionately represented among those institutions that force students into high debt. The possibility of repayment for art majors is very low by comparison to those who prepare themselves for more stable careers. This economic precarity infects the entire art-school system by excluding the majority who cannot borrow or otherwise obtain money to pay. Those who take on the financial risk are under pressure to make decisions about their work that respond to market incentives, and at times are forced to turn to a range of edgy and even illegal dealings to come up with money. I have had more students who dealt drugs and did sex work to pay their debts than I want to remember. Those students who make it into the top art schools are pressured to treat them as apprenticeships with famous art world figures who are supposed to open doors for them.
So while there are more and more art programs and art- and design-related degrees, that is not an indication that more people want to be artists—it is a reflection of the strategy adopted by educational institutions to try to increase tuition by multiplying degree programs. The proliferation of degrees does not translate into more jobs for graduates; it is just another way to lure more people into assuming debt.
3. The bogus myth that art and design schools are not
trade schools, that they are like liberal arts colleges,
engaging in “research:”
Most art and design schools are tuition-driven and starved for cash. The goal is survival through increased income, whatever the marketing may be. Today it may be that this or that school is a leader in public engagement, tomorrow it's social practice, the next day it's green design. Whatever responds to dominant cultural trends and funding priorities at foundations—that is what counts, not “research.”
Most classes taught in art and design schools are practical and technical. Many teachers in art and design schools think and act as though technical skills are all that can and should be taught, because the rest is up to talent and intuition. The tiny bit of theoretical and historical coursework most art students have to do is “dumbed down” by tired professors or racked up by young theory-heads who think that dumping a ton of Jacques Lacan, Jacques Rancière, or Chantal Mouffe on students without strong academic backgrounds will somehow transform them overnight into conceptual artists who can talk the talk.
Too many art professors who don't make money from sales and don't get commissions and grants have invented the notion that their practice is “research” and should be funded by universities. They are influenced by trends in Europe and Australia that have spurred a growth industry of art PhDs. There is no quality control, just a lot of ego and paperwork. Advanced degrees in art are useless in the United States. And while all art involves research, few—if any—artists engage in the kind of deep inquiry and evidence-based analysis that scientists and humanists must do to have their research validated by their professional communities. How living artists are validated is much too close to market priorities to be able to be judged in the same ways that academic endeavor is. So this is an Emperor's New Clothes situation.
Furthermore, most art and design schools do not have managerial structures or labor practices that engender strong research environments. More than 90 percent of art professors are exploited adjuncts that teach too many courses for too little money. That leaves little time for updating methods and course content, or for “research.” Most of those with full-time contracts have little or no job security, and most full-time jobs in art schools involve so much administrative work that research becomes a dream. Since there are so many adjuncts, the majority of the administrative work is put into the hands of professional bureaucrats with little or no involvement in teaching, whose primary purpose is to make sure the schools save money by holding on to students, exploiting teachers, and generating more income. All this makes art school laborers risk-averse and politically docile for fear of getting fired.
Those who have a bit more protection through tenure or unions behave as though they are in a lifeboat that will sink if they let more people in or if they have to change their methods. That culture of fear produces a hostile work environment with lots of struggles between the haves and the have-nots. It also makes changing content and teaching methods into a source of constant internal strife. There are strung-out art teachers who use the same course plans for decades—something that would be a serious problem in academic fields—but the teachers defend themselves as standing by “tradition” or by characterizing calls for change as an attack on their jobs. They misrepresent the calls for change as political in ways that serve them by making them seem like victims or by arguing that change will destroy art. So, even though every year Yale students complain that they need teachers who support their interest in performance and video, the people in power resist and maintain divisions in disciplines that hardly make sense given what the students are doing.
I am not trying to suggest that art schools do not use calls for curricular change to undermine teachers—don't get me wrong—but digging in one's heels and being resistant to change is also about teachers feeling threatened, either with the loss of their salaries, or the prospect of having to work harder to adapt. For the elite at top schools, accepting change would mean that star faculty and visitors might have to start teaching for a change—and they don't want to. They just want to do studio visits and keep things easy. The prevalence of one-on-one encounters in MFA programs makes for lots of smarmy exchanges that are very difficult to control since everything is he-said-she-said—they are breeding grounds for all kinds of psychological weirdness on the part of teachers, visitors, and students. That is the dark side of art school.
4. The relationship with the art market:
Few art and design schools have close ties to the market, though many try. Those connections are key for validating the expense of insane tuition based on a better chance of making good on the investment. But the connections are people-based, more than alumni-centered, which would be the case at business and law schools. Art schools secure their connection to the market by bringing art stars onto the faculty and having them as regular visitors. They also forge ties with curators who pass through on studio visits, scoping out the next new talent. Art department websites list those names as if schools were galleries with high-powered rosters. Most schools cannot play that game because of the cost. Those who do are the ones whose graduates are more likely to show commercially early, but that does not guarantee long-term success. Former students of mine have had their work snatched up for a few years and then dumped—the normal vicissitudes of the art market. What the instant success of art school graduates does however, is created hype around certain art schools, which explains why Columbia or Yale would get over 1000 applications while a small, regional program would have trouble filling seats. This is not about the quality of teaching, the size of studios, or the range of course offerings. It's about the market connection. That orientation is far from the mentality that was espoused in prior generations, when the chance of selling one's work as a young artist was minimal.
The downside of all this is that art school stops being a place of learning and becomes a place for networking. Students become more interested in getting shows out of visitors than in thinking. In addition, many star visitors and faculty don't treat art school as school, either. It's quick money for some, a way to find emerging artists for overworked curators, a dating game for the creeps, and a bit of a power trip.
Behind all these are the backdoor operations at the high-profile schools—faculty play favorites with students and reward them with introductions to their own art dealers. Some even speculate with student work.
5. Pedagogy:
Everyone will want to argue about pedagogy. Art school is an ideological war zone in which teachers are frequently on the defensive about the “right way” to teach. For many artists, teaching gives them the only chance they have to hold court and wield power—and vent their own frustrations or propagate their personal myths about what art is about and for. There are formalists who just want to make school about technique and beauty. There are others who want to make art teaching all about reading theory and spewing philosophy. There are those who hate identity politics and shut up students who want to create work about their outsider status. There are those who hate painting and are mean to painting students, those who think performance is a joke, those who believe that video just involves turning on a button and that no one needs to learn how to edit (although years are devoted to teaching students to draw). There are those who tell students that all they have to do is dig into themselves and access their deepest feelings or find a “great life experience” to contemplate—so that the slacker teacher doesn't have to prepare any course material. I have seen it all. Where does one begin with the problems of pedagogy? Too much too late? Not enough quality control? Lack of standards? The radical disparity in skills among students? The poor integration of the humanities into art and design education?
There are people who try to do their best to help students without being overly egotistical about the endeavor of teaching. Sadly, they do not represent the majority, certainly not in big cities with large art communities.
Teaching art is a long, slow process. It is expensive to do well. Classes need to be small. The facilities needed to teach a range of skills are costly to maintain. Students need time to absorb and practice what they learn, and that, too, is costly. They need to look at art and that means having to travel for most students, which is also costly. In a dog-eat-dog art world where most artists are having a hard time getting by and most schools are having a hard time staying open, you won't find a lot of generosity or openness.
First beta of Opera 11 showcases tab stacking
Oslo, Norway - November 23, 2010 - Tabbed browsing, one of the essential features in all browsers, has evolved yet again thanks to its long-time pioneer. Opera 11 beta introduces tab stacking, a better way to organize your open tabs. Traditionally, tabs were opened side-by-side, but now people using Opera can stack their tabs, grouping them by site or by theme. Tab stacking reduces clutter and makes it easier to identify and work with sets of open tabs.
It is easy to stack tabs. Simply drag one tab on top of another. Hovering the mouse over a tab will cause the stack to expand in a visual preview. Clicking the arrow icon expands the current stack across the tab bar. This brief video showcases tab stacking in action: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hqSGGk1YTI.
"Tabs are the most popular feature in browsers today," said Jan Standal, VP of Desktop Products, Opera. "Because so many of us wrestle with tens or even hundreds of tabs, we wanted to find a better way to manage them. So, whether you are tracking positive reviews of your new album or researching the proper dimensions of Stonehenge, stacking your tabs is an intuitive way to organize and group your open webpages."
Extensions go to 11
Opera 11 also introduces extensions, browser add-ons that enhance the capabilities of Opera. In the three weeks since extensions debuted in the alpha release of Opera 11, more than 500,000 extensions have been downloaded. Fueling the growth in available extensions, developers submit between 10 and 20 new extensions each day. The full extension catalog is available here: https://addons.labs.opera.com/.
Thanks to a new developer mode in Opera 11 beta, extensions are even easier to make. Developers can use the developer mode to launch, test and package extensions quickly.
Mouse gestures go to 11
Mouse gestures provide a simple and effective way to control Opera with a few simple mouse movements. Since their introduction in Opera 5, mouse gestures have proven to be one of the most loved Opera features. In Opera 11, a new visual interface highlights mouse paths and helps guide the discovery, use and mastery of these powerful shortcuts. The full list of mouse gestures is available here: http://www.opera.com/browser/tutorials/gestures/.
But wait! There is more:
- The address field now hides unnecessary information and puts the security status of each page front and center. Now, badges explain the security state of the site, giving consumers clear information about the sites they visit.
- Plug-ins can be set to load on-demand. This can give as much as 30 percent performance improvement.
- Extensions and Opera Unite applications are updated automatically through Opera's update mechanism.
- Even more work has been done to boost browsing speed, particularly for Linux. Opera 11 for Linux is 15 to 20 percent faster on common benchmarks than Opera 10.63.
- Bookmarks are just a click away thanks to a new bookmarks bar that replaces Opera's personal bar.
- Opera 11 is 30 percent smaller than Opera 10.63, despite including new features.
Availability
Download Opera 11 beta (English only) from http://www.opera.com/browser/next. Opera runs on Windows, Mac and Linux computers.
Resources
Opera 11 beta press kit: http://www.opera.com/media/presskit/Opera11beta.zip
Timeline of tabbed browsing in Opera: http://www.opera.com/bitmaps/press/resources/campaign/opera11beta/tabs_timeline.gif
No drummers were harmed in the making of this browser.
While the tablet market is definitely a heated one on the hardware side, the browser market is the heated one over on the software side. Internet Explorer 9 Beta just launched a few months ago, and Firefox seems to be getting closer to a stable 4.0 release every single day. And then there's Opera. This browser has been gaining in popularity for some time now, and Opera 11 looks to make that huge leap to put it in the same category as IE, Firefox and Chrome.The very first beta of Opera 11 is out today, and it's bringing a major new feature: tab stacking. Tabbed browsing as a whole revolutionized the way people could surf the web, but as technologies have changed and trends have shifted into widescreen displays, another way of aligning tabs is due. That's tab stacking. Opera thinks that it's a better way of organizing tabs; traditionally, tabs were opened side-by-side, but now people using Opera can stack their tabs, grouping them by site or by theme. A plug-in has enabled other browsers to do this already, but support from the creator is always nice.There's also one other thing: extensions. Extensions recently came to Safari, and they're what has made Firefox such a huge success in large part. Opera claims that developers are submitting between 10-20 new extensions each day, all of which enable Opera to become a more flexible and more useful browser. Looks like we've got another contender!
Lincoln City defender Bradley Wood has warned Arsenal he will do whatever it takes to keep Alexis Sanchez quiet when the teams meet in the FA Cup this evening.
Wood has a reputation in the National League for his tough-tackling, no-nonsense approach.
When Arsene Wenger's side beat Sutton to set up the quarter-final tie against the Imps at the Emirates, the 25-year-old received a message from his brother Robert, an Arsenal fan, asking him to go easy on their multi-million pound stars.
Lincoln defender Bradley Wood will do whatever it takes to keep Alexis Sanchez quiet
The no-nonsense defender says he has no problem 'smashing' the likes of Alexis Sanchez
'I got a text from him wishing me good luck but also saying please don't injure too many of their players,' he says.
'I told him him I'll do what I normally do and he messaged back saying "oh, can't wait...".'
One player he can't wait to face is Sanchez. While he knows the Chilean is one of the world's best at making defenders look stupid, the right-back is up for his biggest battle yet.
'I'm a human being and he's a human being. That's all it is. We're two guys who could be going against each other over 90 or 120 minutes.
Wood is out of contract in June but has verbally agreed a new deal with the club
'There are many ways to skin a cat and by hook or crook that's what I'll try to do to him. If he tries to run me in the channels then I'm smashing him,' he says.
'That's not to say that I'm going to boot him 24/7 but if I manage to keep him quiet then I'll have done a good job. It'll be the same on the left side with Sam [Habergham and in the centre with Luke [Waterfall] and Sean [Raggett].'
And despite the odds being stacked heavily against the first non-League side to reach the last eight of the FA Cup in 103 years, Wood believes the Imps are heading south to win.
'We're coming up against world class players who are better than us, we know that, but we've got a big, big heart and we're not going to be tourists on a stadium tour,' he adds.
'Arsenal are going through a sticky patch, they've got the fans on their backs. After 20 or 30 minutes, if it's still 0-0 or we're 1-0 up, I'm sure those 9,000 Lincoln fans will turn into 20,000 and the longer the game goes on it'll get worse for them. We've got our game plan and we know if we implement that we'll be ok.'
Alexis Sanchez looked grumpy during training and could be in for rough ride on Saturday
Wood's matured since his days at Grimsby Town. He made his debut in 2009. It's hard to believe he's only 25 givens the number of games he has played.
One person who has been there all the way is his partner Loren. They have four children together.
'There's Ellie, seven, Mollie, seven, Oscar, five, Amelia, one. Amelia is a little princess and the one who can brighten any moment of any day,' he says.
'Loren has been with me all the way through, though. There have been some tough times. We both work. We are a working couple after all.'
After Grimsby he spent two years at Alfreton ahead of his move to Sincil Bank. It was part-time football.
Wood, who is out of contract at the end of the season, has no sympathy for Premier League players who complain or hold out for more money.
A new contract for him may have been agreed verbally with manager Danny Cowley but the uncertainty is what keeps him so committed.
Wood says manager Danny Cowley has transformed Lincoln into a group of winners
He's already played over 40 games this season and is expected to set the tempo in each one.
'Danny and Nicky [Cowley - assistant manager] have turned us into winners,' he adds. 'What they say do and say is crucial to our success. There's no b******t.'
It's been a relentless year but it's clear to see why he embraces it. He is a fighter - fighting for himself and his family who rely on him dearly.
'I'm out of contract at the end of the season but that has only meant that I haven't become complacent,' I'm playing to pay bills, to pay the mortgage, to support my kids. That's what I think about.
'Loren has been my rock. She's seen me at my lowest and at my highest. Football is just a job for me. She asked me the other day whether I was excited about the Arsenal game. Of course I am, but I always look at the bigger picture.
'Playing Arsenal will be unforgettable. I'll be thinking about my family when I walk out of the tunnel. They will be with me throughout. They are what fuels me.'
Image caption Two rival Arab groups are said to be fighting over a gold mine
Some 100,000 people have fled fighting over a gold mine in Sudan's Darfur region, the UN has said.
It said many were living in the open in appalling conditions, while others had fled to a nearby town where offices and schools had shut to accommodate them.
It has sent 600 tonnes of food aid and blankets to the town of al-Sireaf.
More than a million people have been living in camps for the displaced in Darfur, after almost a decade of fighting.
Violence in Darfur has come down from its peak after civil war broke out in 2003 but there are still clashes between government forces, rebels, bandits and rival ethnic groups.
The current fighting is said to be between two Arab communities, who are in a dispute over gold deposits in the north of the region.
The UN had previously said that 70,000 people had been displaced, but it revised the estimate up to 100,000.
Thank you for using a Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department Ambulance. On behalf of the emergency personnel who treated you and the more than 2,000 employees of DC Fire and EMS, please accept our best wishes for a speedy recover from your illness or injury. Our Department provides this web page as a resource for answering questions about customer service, ambulance billing, insurance payments, hardship assistance and other topics associated with emergency services. Common questions include:
Why does the District charge ambulance fees?
To reduce the tax cost of emergency medical services (EMS) for DC residents. The Fire and EMS Department has charged ambulance fees for more than thirty years. District Government authorized such fees to offset the tax cost of providing EMS to residents and visitors. While taxes provide the majority of operational funding, ambulance fees collected from insurance companies pay approximately $1 out of every $8 spent on EMS. Although this might not seem like much, monies from other District programs would be redirected to support EMS if ambulance fees were not charged. Additionally, more than 15% of patients using EMS in the District live in Virginia or Maryland. If taxes were used as the only source of funding, Virginia and Maryland residents would essentially use the system for “free,” while DC residents paid the bill.
What types of fees are charged and how much does an ambulance ride cost?
The Fire and EMS Department follows the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) “Fee Schedule for Payment of Ambulance Services” as described in Volume 67, Number 39 of the Federal Register. The new fees became effective January 1, 2009 and include the following:
BLS Transport: $428 is charged to patients receiving “basic life support” (BLS) level care. BLS includes minimal or basic treatment and vital signs monitoring. In some cases, oxygen may also be given. Reasons for BLS transport are usually considered “non-life threatening.”
$428 is charged to patients receiving “basic life support” (BLS) level care. BLS includes minimal or basic treatment and vital signs monitoring. In some cases, oxygen may also be given. Reasons for BLS transport are usually considered “non-life threatening.” ALS Transport: $508 is charged to patients receiving “advanced life support” (ALS) level care.
$508 is charged to patients receiving “advanced life support” (ALS) level care. ALS-2 Transport: $735 is charged to patients receiving extended “advanced life support” (ALS) level care. ALS-2 includes any ALS treatment listed above, combined with breathing tube insertion, CPR, multiple medications or other extended care. Reasons for ALS-2 transports are usually considered “immediately life threatening.”
$735 is charged to patients receiving extended “advanced life support” (ALS) level care. ALS-2 includes any ALS treatment listed above, combined with breathing tube insertion, CPR, multiple medications or other extended care. Reasons for ALS-2 transports are usually considered “immediately life threatening.” Mileage: $6.55 per loaded mile is charged to all patients transported by ambulance. Transport mileage is measured from the incident location to the receiving hospital.
The fees described above are subject to change. The most recent notice describing District of Columbia ambulance fees may be found on the Department web site or will be mailed to you upon request. Please call our customer service number at (202) 673-3331 for additional information.
A fire truck came with the ambulance. Do I get charged for that too?
No. The Fire and EMS Department only charges fees for ambulance transport. Fire trucks can respond to 911 calls faster than ambulances, meaning emergency personnel get to you quicker. No fees are charged for this service. You also will not be charged if you were evaluated and/or treated but chose not to be transported to the hospital by ambulance.
Why did the ambulance crew ask me for my personal information?
To verify your identity and prevent fraud. Because the Fire and EMS Department charges fees for service, ambulance crews are instructed to verify patient identity including name, social security number, birth date, home address and telephone number. They also may ask for health insurance, automobile insurance or employment information, depending on the situation. Our Department requires identity verification to protect patients from fraud and to assure, if possible, you are covered by healthcare or other insurance.
Will my health insurance pay my ambulance bill?
In most cases, YES. DC residents who are covered by MediCAID, Alliance or MediCARE programs will have NO out-of-pocket expenses related to ambulance bills. DC residents who are covered by private healthcare insurance MAY be required to pay a copay or deductible expense, generally less than $100. Ambulance patients who are not DC residents and not covered by MediCAID, MediCARE or other federal programs, will be expected to pay all ambulance charges they are responsible for. Other insurances may pay ambulance charges including automobile, homeowners, boat or “umbrella” policies.
What happens if I don't have healthcare insurance?
We can help you! If you are a DC resident without healthcare insurance, and you are NOT eligible for MediCAID, please call (888) 828-8019 and ask to speak with a customer service specialist. Our billing office staff will provide contact and application information for the DC HealthCare Alliance, a DC Department of Health program that provides free healthcare to low-income District residents who meet income eligibility requirements.
Are there any programs for senior citizens?
YES! Effective January 1, 2009, if you are a senior citizen covered by MediCARE and a DC resident, you are no longer responsible for paying ambulance charges NOT covered by MediCARE or another insurance plan. Please make certain you sign any MediCARE verification forms offered by the ambulance crew or mailed to you by our ambulance billing office.
I'm NOT a DC resident and don't have health insurance. Am I still responsible for paying my ambulance charges?
In most cases, YES. If you are NOT a DC resident, Federal Law requires the District to bill you for the full amount of ambulance charges and pursue payment of such charges. If you do NOT have healthcare or other insurance and cannot afford to pay your charges, please call (888) 828-8019 and ask to speak with a customer service specialist. Our billing office staff will provide information concerning payment options. You may be required to complete and submit application forms or other information.
What is the telephone number for ambulance billing questions?
For all questions related to ambulance billing including insurance, payment and hardship assistance, please call (888) 828-8019 Monday through Friday (excluding holidays) between the hours of 8:30 am and 7 pm, east coast United States time.
What is the payment mailing address and contact information for ambulance billing?
Please mail ALL correspondence concerning ambulance billing, including payments, forms, letters and other correspondence to:
DC Fire and EMS Department
P.O. Box 27767
Washington, DC 20038
Make checks payable to: District of Columbia Treasurer
Main Phone: 1(888) 828-8019
To pay by credit card: https://dcwebforms.dc.gov/pay/fems1/
Medical Records Information: (202) 673-2039
HIPAA/PRIVACY/FOIA Information: (202) 673-3397
HIPAA and Privacy. The District of Columbia Fire and EMS Department may use your protected health information (PHI) for purposes of securing payment of ambulance charges. This may include submitting insurance claims, submitting claims to other third parties identified as responsible for payment of charges, or mailing you an invoice requesting payment. Claims for payment of charges may be submitted directly or through the use of a third party billing company and/or clearing house. Follow-up use of PHI for payment purposes may include management of billed claims for services rendered, medical necessity determinations and reviews, insurance company appeals, utilization review and collection of outstanding accounts. Designated agency personnel, including contractual personnel, may review and use PHI to verify your eligibility for certain services including eligibility for “hardship” classification, medical assistance programs or other special designations.
Check the sky for flying pigs: US album sales are up. American industry experts report that for the first time since 2004, more music is being bought and sold in 2011 than during the same time last year – a difference of almost 2m albums. It's as if a sliver of light has penetrated the gloom of the music industry.
US album sales are up by 1% in the first half of 2011, according to Nielsen SoundScan. This is only the second time since 1999 that album sales have seen year-on-year growth. In comparison, the first half of 2010 showed an 11% drop from 2009's sales figures, and the UK's 2010 numbers were 7% lower than the previous year.
And it isn't just albums: people are buying more digital singles. US music sales have increased by 8.5% over the first half of last year, bolstered by an 11% increase in digital single purchases and a 41% boom in vinyl sales.
As in the UK, Adele is leading US sales figures – Americans have bought 2,517,000 copies of 21. But the industry has also been buoyed by acts such as Katy Perry and Mumford & Sons, as well as digital "fire sales", such as Amazon's 99 cent Lady Gaga offer.
Despite iPod slingers and vinyl fetishists, the US remains a country of musical traditionalists. Downloads still account for just one out of three albums sold, with CDs being the most popular format by far.
Many of the city's poorer residents wholeheartedly support the government, and aside from some gatherings in poor neighborhoods where residents bang pots in anger, the major protests have not taken place in the slums or drawn noticeably large contingents from them. Mr. Maduro has seized on this repeatedly, and has dismissively depicted the demonstrators as “fascist, spoiled, rich kids.”
But many in the capital's slums have sincere doubts about the government, or flatly oppose it. Some have joined the protests in other parts of the city. Still, many say they have deliberately kept clear of the demonstrations because of the threat of violence or because they do not trust the opposition. Others reject its central demand that Mr. Maduro be pushed from office, saying he was elected and that it would subvert democracy to oust him.
“I'm a Chavista but things are going badly,” said Estefanía Medina, 26, a restaurant worker who lives in a slum in a tiny brick hut perched precariously on a hillside. “Maduro is doing things badly. But I don't support the violence of the opposition either. They are full of hate.”
As the protests continued, Mr. Maduro added several extra days off for the traditional pre-Lent carnival holiday this weekend, including one on March 5, the anniversary of the death of Mr. Chávez.
Critics called the move an effort to dampen the protest movement, and some opposition-heavy cities and sections of the capital canceled carnival festivities, saying that with people dying in the protests, it was no time for celebration. Mr. Maduro criticized the cancellations and then played on the stereotype of a fat-cat government opponent traveling abroad for the holiday.
Saying that all flights out of the country were booked solid, Mr. Maduro said this week, “They leave the country and they take away or try to take away from the farmer, the worker, the student, the humble Venezuelan man and woman who live from their work, try to take away carnival, life, culture, music. I won't permit it.”
As his opponent, Mr. Capriles, spoke at the recent rally, one person in the crowd that stretched for many blocks said he felt compelled to encourage other residents from poorer areas to come out as well. The protester, Jorge Lisboa, 24, a computer support worker, carried a sign referring to one of the capital's most radically pro-government slums, known as 23 de Enero.
NY Attorney General Launches Civil Rights Investigation Into The Weinstein Company — What Does Malia Obama Know?
On Monday, New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman launched a civil rights probe into The Weinstein Company. Former President Barack Obama's daughter, Malia, interned at the film company's New York City offices this year. What does she know?
New York Times reports:
The New York attorney general, Eric T. Schneiderman, has opened an inquiry into the Weinstein Company examining whether allegations of sexual misconduct and harassment against its co-founder Harvey Weinstein reflect broad gender discrimination and other civil rights violations. “No New Yorker should be forced to walk into a workplace ruled by sexual intimidation, harassment or fear,” Mr. Schneiderman said in a statement on Monday. “If sexual harassment or discrimination is pervasive at a company, we want to know.” On Monday, the attorney general's Civil Rights Bureau sent a subpoena to the company seeking a long list of documents, including personnel files; criteria for hiring, promoting and firing; formal and informal complaints of sexual harassment or other discrimination based on gender or age; and records showing how such complaints were handled, according to a person who has seen the confidential subpoena and who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
A 19-year-old Malia Obama interned at The Weinstein Company and was responsible for evaluating the quality of scripts the office received. If Malia felt the script was up to standards, it was passed on to higher-ups. This very well means Malia could have interfaced with Weinstein Co. executives, and in doing so, was she a witness or subjected to Harvey Weinstein's behavior?
Newsweek reports:
Malia Obama, 19, landed an internship at the Weinstein Company right after her dad left office earlier this year, according to The Hollywood Reporter. Working in the New York City office, she was doing more than fetching coffee—TMZ reported that Malia Obama was “ensconced in the production/development department,” tasked with “reading through scripts and deciding which ones move on to Weinstein brass.” Her internship has come under new scrutiny in the wake of a New York Times investigation that revealed Weinstein paid off at least eight women who accused him of sexual harassment, which often included unwanted touching or promises that he would help further their careers. For example, Frank Rich, an executive producer for Veep and a New York writer, tweeted about how Weinstein's transgressions were not a secret.
Amid the scandal, the million-dollar question the media refused to ask was tweeted by writer Frank Rich:
“The Biggest mystery of @nytimes Weinstein story: How exemplary parents like Obamas let their daughter work there. The stories were out there.”
Biggest mystery of @nytimes Weinstein story: How exemplary parents like Obamas let their daughter work there. The stories were out there. — Frank Rich (@frankrichny) October 6, 2017
Image: Che Saitta-Zelterman/Motherboard
It's that time of the year again, where we recap the worst or biggest hacks of the previous 365 days, and try to convince you that, yes, this was the worst year for security ever.
It's not quite like that. Plus, every year has been called the worst year, or the year of data breaches, for at least five years now. Perhaps the reality is that we will always have data breaches and hacks. 2016 was no different, but it's fair to say it actually had some of the most shocking cyberattacks we've ever seen.
Read more: The Motherboard Guide to Not Getting Hacked
Here's a handy list to remind you of all the things that got badly pwned this year. (Sorry, Johnny Cockring, but hacking billboards to put Rubio porn memes on them didn't make the list)
RUSSIAN SPIES HACK THE DEMOCRATS
Undeniably the hack of the year, or at least the one that was talked about the most. Over the last year, hackers believed to be working for the Russian government penetrated the networks of the Democratic National Committee, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, the Gmail account of Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman John Podesta, and many more.
The hackers didn't just steal documents and data, but then went one extra step, setting up cover personas, such as the mysterious Guccifer 2.0—the Romanian hacker who can't speak Romanian—to leak the data publicly. These efforts, according to security experts and eventually the US government, were all part of a Russian campaign to influence the US presidential election.
OLD BREACHES COME BACK WITH A BANG
These hacks didn't happen in 2016, but we didn't know about them (or at least their full extent) until this year. 2016 will be remembered as the year-old data breaches surfaced all of a sudden, for no apparent reason.
In May 18, we found out that the 2012 LinkedIn breach, which at the time had only hit around 6 million people, actually affected practically all LinkedIn users—around 117 million. Then hackers revealed someone had broken into MySpace, stealing the passwords of 427 million users. Then we found out about Tumblr, which lost the passwords of 65 million people. Then, it was VK and DropBox.
We don't know exactly who the hacker, or group of hackers, behind all these breaches are. But a mysterious character nicknamed Tessa88 seemed to be at the center of it all somehow.
There were also two (from the same company!) old mega breaches, apparently unrelated to these, which all dated back to 2012. Yahoo revealed that someone, perhaps a nation-state, had broken into its servers and stole 500 million credentials in 2014. And that someone else (nobody knows who), had stolen as many as 1 billion records in 2013.
All these hacks had unintended consequences, such as low-level hackers breaking into celebrities' social media accounts taking advantage of the fact that some used the same passwords across different accounts. That forced some companies—which had not been breached—to proactively reset users' passwords. Overall this was another great reminder to never reuse passwords.
Of course, there were also plenty of new fresh breaches, including a new hack of Adult Friend Finder, exposing more than 400 million users.
THE INTERNET OF THINGS TAKES DOWN MAJOR WEBSITES
Here at Motherboard we've been warning you that the Internet of Things can be an unmitigated disaster for cybersecurity for around a year now. We also warned you that cybercriminals would soon turn your internet connected stuff into zombie armies.
And then it happened.
In September, unknown attackers forced the website of security journalist Brian Krebs to go offline after a record-breaking distributed denial of service powered by a drove of hacked cameras and DVRs. The attack was powered by a new type of self-spreading malware called Mirai that targets Internet of Things devices and turns them into a botnet. Weeks later, a hacker released the code for Mirai on a hacking forum, unleashing a new wave of attacks.
The worst one targeted Dyn, an internet infrastructure company. The attack took down Twitter, Reddit, Spotify and many more than collateral damage. As hackers launched a turf war to control the botnet, the attacks continued, and might go on for a while.
MYSTERIOUS GROUP CLAIMS TO HAVE HACKED THE NSA
Over a seeming weekend just like any other, a mysterious hacking group calling themselves the Shadow Brokers released a series of hacking tools they claimed belonged to Equation Group, an security industry term to refer to the NSA. As it turned out, those tools really were indeed stolen, somehow, from the American spy agency.
To this day, we don't know who The Shadow Brokers are, or why they really released the files. Theories range from blaming Russia, to a rogue NSA insider. After weeks of silence, The Shadow Brokers released even more files—and then disappeared again.
RESEARCHERS CATCH SOPHISTICATED IPHONE HACKING TOOL IN THE WILD
On a summer morning, a famous Middle Eastern human rights activist received a weird text message on his iPhone. Instead of clicking on the link inside of it, he forwarded it to a cybersecurity researcher. The researcher, who's studied government spyware for a long time, immediately knew this was yet another sophisticated attempt to hack the activist, who had already been targeted with two different types of commercial/government spyware.
As it turned out, someone, presumably the UAE government, was trying to hack into the activist's iPhone using an unknown hacking tool developed by a shadowy Israeli hacking contractor. This was the first time anyone had caught a remote jailbreak—the technical term for taking control of an iPhone remotely—in the wild. In other words, it was a rare and extremely dangerous catch (Apple quickly released an update that patched the vulnerability).
Researchers estimated that the exploit that the hackers tried with the activist could've cost one million dollars, given that a startup offered that kind of reward (now they offer $1.5 million) for anyone that comes out with a similar hacking technique.
CYBER BANK ROBBERS STEAL MILLIONS ABUSING SWIFT BANKING SYSTEM
All year long, unknown cybercriminals have been abusing the international cross-border payments messaging system SWIFT, which is used by most major banks in the world, to steal millions of dollars.
The first major known cyber heist was in February against the Bangladesh Bank, which lost $81 million in just a few hours. The hackers could've stolen $1 billion if it hadn't been for a typo in one of their money transfer requests, which alerted the Federal Reserve Bank in New York, stopping part of the attack.
That was just the beginning. In the following months, more banks reported similar attacks, and international banks, as well as Swift, are now working on a way to stop them.
Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter.
Have you ever felt so lifeless? When you don't want to do anything just lying on the bed, thinking about nothing, feeling that the time has stopped. Those are not the best days of our life, but sometimes it happens, like when weather change so quickly. It's hard, because inside of you, you think that you should do something, you can't waste your time doing nothing, but sometime you don't have the power and just want the end of the day, hoping that tomorrow will be better day. The problem is when in the next day you feel the same...It's not really a big something comics, I just though this could be a perfect beginner comics with the new program what I use. It's mostly a "based on a true story" comics, but this hasn't happend to me.I really like 's comics about those two: [link] . Since I first red these comics I couldn't forget Vinyl's "Yo Tavi! Whatcha doin'?!" greating. I found myself sometime saying this line over and over again. I really like it, and I wanted to draw it too, my life can't be whole whitout it.This was the main reason why I made this situation with Vinyl and Octavia, even if I think that Octavia isn't the one who would ever feel so lifeless.Tumblr version: [link] MLP:FiM ©
Xu Wei
(Yicai Global) July 24 -- Jia Yueting, the founder of Leshi Holding (Beijing) Co., better known by the LeEco brand, is still in California to tie up some loose ends but will return to China in the near future, two sources close to the billionaire entrepreneur said, denying media reports that Jia returned on July 20.
The news of Jia's arrival in Los Angeles to oversee Le Supercar operations gave rise to speculation that he has already fled the country. He responded to the rumors with a Weibo post by another executive manager at the company, showing that he had been busy with work in the US.
Jia‘s main concern at present is obtaining funding for Leshi-backed US electric car startup Faraday Future and the mass production of the FF 91 model. The vehicle, promoted as the world's fastest electric car, is Jia's biggest hope after LeEco's financial troubles saw him resign as chairman of its listed arm, Leshi Internet Information and Technology Corp. Beijing [SHE:300104].
Jia delayed his return to China in order to meet Ulrich Kranz, former BMW senior president, head of BMW i and Faraday Future's new chief technology officer, media reported last week. As well as Kranz, the carmaker's chief financial officer and designers came from BMW i.
A funding shortage and setbacks in plant construction have fueled uncertainty about FF's mass production plan. The firm originally planned to build an EV assembling plant in North Las Vegas, Nevada, but construction at the site has been suspended since last November due to a cash crisis.
The firm confirmed construction of the plant has been shelved, and it's looking for a new site to begin mass production as soon as possible. Faraday will release details of the new site in the coming weeks, a company statement said.
Jia will instead use an existing facility to expedite FF 91 production, a source at the company said. It will build a new plant once it has the financial resources. The new plant is in central California and only a few hours' drive from the carmaker's headquarters in Los Angeles and Silicon Valley, he disclosed.
The change of plan does not mean that an original equipment manufacturer will produce the FF 91, the source added. Faraday will buy an existing production line, and then work on equipment procurement, plant transformation and production independently in order to achieve mass production earlier. Purchasing an existing production line also costs less than building a new plant.
FF's public relations department denies that the company will relocate to Mare Island in Vallejo, North California. The firm held talks on developing its second plant on the island with the local government last year, but the plan ran aground due to financial issues early this year.
I've listened to Rascal Flatts' music for a decently long time. It's not a main listen for me, but I'm 22, and I'd estimate I first listened to Rascal Flatts around 2006. The song was probably “My Wish” or “Life Is A Highway.” I haven't checked to see if that timeline matches up, but it's been a while.
If you're like me, there was a moment when something about Rascal Flatts just clicked for you: You realized that Rascal Flatts was not one person named Rascal Flatts, but actually a band of three men whose collective group name is Rascal Flatts. If you listen to the group's lead singer, Gary LeVox, he sounds exactly like a dude whose name would be Rascal Flatts. But he is, in fact, part of a band with the same name.
This brings us to the present tense. The group played the National Anthem on Wednesday in Cleveland before Game 3 of the NBA Finals between the Warriors and Cavaliers. It was a nice performance in front of a rapt audience.
But most importantly, it provided a eureka moment for a whole lot of people on Twitter. Receipts:
I am MIND BLOWN right now. I had no clue that Rascal Flatts was more than one damn person. Wtf pic.twitter.com/WOFdVfhdP3 — choc. (@_ThatGirlLexx) June 8, 2017
Wait.... Rascal Flatts is more than one person? pic.twitter.com/Q6zDa4Qs7P — G-Money (@TheWentzWagon11) June 8, 2017
...anybody else not knows Rascal Flatts is more than one person.. — lil'(Lay)Low (@calayci_coffey) June 8, 2017
(I've been there myself.)
Tbh always thought Rascal Flatts was one person — Varun Vishnubhatla (@varunvishnu24) June 8, 2017
Wait Rascal Flatts isn't one person??? — Bobby (@Bobbymire) June 8, 2017
Tweets of this nature go back years, though the anthem resurfaced them.
"WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME RASCAL FLATTS WAS THE NAME OF A BAND AND NOT A SINGULAR PERSON"
Oh. My. GOD. — Shawna (@PatsFanatic92) July 21, 2015
since when was rascal flatts more than one person wtf — alexis rose (@goschlexii) November 3, 2016
RASCAL FLATTS ISNT ONE PERSON???'??'.#. — shay (@smileflowerhans) June 5, 2016
Anyway, here's LeVox, the lead singer:
Tell me he couldn't be a guy with the first name Rascal and the last name Flatts. You can't.
For all of you out there who are worried about a new quarterback, and Oklahoma's offensive effectiveness in 2013, you can take a big sigh of relief now. As EA Sports sets to release NCAA Football 2014 they've adopted the theme of "Keep it Real." The idea is to give the game player an even more realistic experience with the video game. To achieve this, they've given the game a major redesign. However, the skeptic may still raise an eyebrow at the "reality" of their team rankings.
Don't get me wrong here. I would love for EA Sports to be spot on, and there's a chance that they could be, in grading Oklahoma's offense. The Sooners return a majority of their offensive line, a stable of running backs, and a young but experienced corps of wide receivers that has explosive speed. It's the trigger man that has many of the skeptics waiting with baited breath though. However, EA Sports seems to have a lot of faith in a guy who has only completed 10 passes in a Sooner uniform.
Perhaps we should learn a valuable lesson from EA Sports on being optimistic. After all, when has Bob Stoops ever failed with a quarterback? Josh Heupel had never thrown a pass in a crimson and cream uniform before taking over the helm of the Sooner offense and neither had Sam Bradford. Yet, both of them led the Sooners to glory in spectacular ways. Jason White and Nate Hyble were unpopular fan choices to start at quarterback and yet won conference championships. Landry Jones was quite possibly the most unpopular most prolific passer that any school has ever seen. Then there's Paul Thompson who transitioned from wide receiver back to quarterback in August of his senior season to lead Oklahoma to the 2006 Big Twelve title. Fact is, every starting quarterback during the Stoops era, except for the one who got kicked out of school, has won a conference championship. What is there to worry about? Thank you EA Sports for keeping it real and putting us in our place.
Now it's your turn to "Keep it Real" in the comments section. Give us your thoughts on Oklahoma's offensive expectations and the quarterback play. We may ask one of you to help us with a follow-up post in the next couple of weeks.
SEOUL, April 15 (Yonhap) — South Korea denounced Japan Friday after Tokyo issued a diplomatic report renewing the country's claims to the South's easternmost islets of Dokdo.
The annual report, Diplomatic Bluebook 2016, was reported to the Cabinet with claims that Dokdo is clearly Japanese territory historically and under international law.
“It is beyond deplorable that the Japanese government repeated its unjustified territorial claims to Dokdo, which is our territory historically, geographically and by international law,” Cho June-hyuck, a spokesman of Seoul's Foreign Ministry, said in a statement. “We demand an immediate withdrawal of the (claim).”
Cho urged Japan to stop its “futile claims” and work to open a “new future” for bilateral relations by squarely facing up to history.
The report is the latest in a series of actions that have threatened to undermine the mood for bilateral cooperation in the wake of last year's landmark agreement to resolve the issue of Tokyo's wartime sexual enslavement of Korean women.
Last month, Tokyo also approved a set of updated high school textbooks that repeated Japan's territorial claims to Dokdo. The authorization represented a bolstering of the claims because 27 of the newly approved 35 social studies textbooks — or nearly 80 percent — accused South Korea of “illegally occupying” the islets.
South Korea rejects the claims as nonsense because the country regained independence from Japan's 35-year colonial rule in 1945 and reclaimed sovereignty over its territory, including Dokdo and many other islands around the Korean Peninsula.
Chung Byung-won, director-general of the ministry's Northeast Asian affairs bureau, called in Hideo Suzuki, a minister at the Japanese Embassy in Seoul, to lodge a protest, according to a ministry official who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
Dokdo, a pair of outcroppings lying in the East Sea, has long been a thorn in bilateral relations. Seoul effectively controls the islets with a police detachment stationed there since 1954.
Japan first mentioned the Dokdo claims in the diplomatic report in 1963 and has since carried the claims in the book on an irregular basis without putting them in the reports issued in 1967-1970, 1988-1989, 1993-1996, 1998-1999, 2002 and 2007.
This year's report still referred to South Korea as Japan's “most important neighbor that shares strategic interests,” saying Tokyo will improve bilateral relations following the agreement on the issue of the sex slaves. The accord will be the key to opening a “new era” in the two countries' ties, it added.
Last year's report referred to the South simply as the “most important neighbor,” which marked a toning down from the 2014 report that said the two countries share basic values and interests, such as free democracy and basic human rights.
On North Korea, the latest Bluebook said Japan demands Pyongyang take specific steps toward denuclearization. Japan is a member of the now-stalled six-party talks on North Korea's nuclear weapons program and last month adopted its own punitive measures separate from U.N. Security Council sanctions to punish Pyongyang for its nuclear test in January and long-range rocket launch in February.
The report also said Japan will work to resolve the issue of the Japanese citizens who were abducted by Pyongyang in the 1970s and 1980s.
Facebook today offered reporters a deep dive on how it handles privacy and previewed some upcoming changes. The company revealed it does 80 trillion privacy checks per day on the backend to make sure data isn't wrongly exposed. It runs 4000 surveys about privacy per day which pushed it to now begin displaying on-screen descriptions of how privacy controls work, including for status update audience selectors and resharing.
Facebook used to have every team work on its own privacy functionality, and then would have dedicated teams for privacy sprints around specific privacy changes. But as the company grew, two specific privacy teams evolved. One is the Privacy Product Engineering team that builds the settings that let users control who sees their content. The other is the Privacy Infrastructure Engineering team, which “helps engineers move the fast and build things” while still being confident there will be no privacy breaches, says Privacy Engineeering manager Reylene Yung.
For example, the product team built the privacy shortcuts into the home page and the selectors for choosing who sees your status updates. The infrastructure team built a framework that ensures if a piece of data is missing information about who it can be shown to, it's locked down, which lets engineer be confident they can't screw up Facebook in ways that will expose private information.
Facebook runs 4000 surveys a day in 27 languages about how people are reacting to privacy controls. To make those sentiments feel more urgent and personal, Facebook displays quotes from those surveys on monitors in its privacy teams' offices. In the past those surveys have led directly to product changes. Yung explained that teenage users were repeatedly writing in asking for the ability to post publicly, as Facebook had barred that functionality to protect kids. But the feedback convinced it to give teens the option to post publicly in October 2013 and do a big outreach campaign about what that means.
More recently, the surveys identified some big misconceptions and product requests that Facebook is hoping to fix with new explanations product changes:
Facebook will let people set their old Cover photos to only be visible to a specific audience
When a friend reshares a piece of your content, Facebook will explain that reshare will only be visible to mutual friends (shown above)
Facebook will begin testing an in-line privacy selector for status updates that explains who “public” or “friends” posts will be shown to (shown below)
Facebook's privacy team manager Mike Nowak admitted that people think Facebook changes its privacy controls too often or that the company has failed to make privacy easy to understand. That's a bit of an understatement. Facebook has a terrible public perception when it comes to privacy that may be causing an overall chilling effect on sharing. People may choose not to post something because there's a risk they don't understand their own controls and could accidentally share it with the wrong people.
Facebook has a shaky record on privacy, in particular a big set of unilateral privacy changes in 2009 that pushed users to share things with “everyone”. Combined with its real identity policy, this has created a desire for ways to share more anonymously like new app Secret.
Designing privacy controls is a serious challenge. Some users want total control, even if it's complex, while others want a super simple interface they don't have to think about. Building controls that satisfy both has been a struggle for Facebook, which gets criticized for either making controls too complicated or not empowering users enough.
But that's no excuse for not finding a solution. The company's mission and business model depend on privacy. People are scared to share if they don't know who will see their content, and the less that's shared, the fewer opportunities Facebook has to display ads. Perhaps a one-size-fits-all approach simply can't work. Facebook may need to create a dynamic privacy control system that recognizes if users want more granular control or simplicity and serves them an interface to match. For now, more sessions with reporters like this and more on-screen explanations should instill a bit more confidence.
Posted on by James Clarke
I've received an interesting email based on an informal note by a mineralogist at Mintek in Randburg nroth of Johannesburg commenting on how the media rarely present geologists to the general population.
If you discount the “sound bytes” on Discovery Channel's volcano specials, they rarely get a mention, he says.
Well, no wonder…
A big American TV company last year tried to integrate geologists working in hazardous circumstances into a “Survivors” style show.
It hired a production crew and corralled a group of geologists prepared to vote each other off based on how they reacted while performing hazardous tasks such as crawling around active volcanoes, testing landslides, making hazardous flights into remote areas and so on.
The last remaining “hard-core geologist” would win a prize.
The team was plagued with problems from the beginning. They found six male and three female geologists and flew them to a very unstable volcano in the Philippines.
The nine scientists bonded nicely on camera, especially when given alcohol. But the camera crew noticed that even after drinking “gallons” the geologists continued talking in “an obscure jargonised language about ‘breccia,' and ‘lahars,' none of which made for good reality TV”.
The only rise in tension came when the seismologist and the structural geologist got into a yelling match over the best recipe for chilli.
When the geologists climbed the volcano to probe its secrets they went in different directions and camera crew was unable to find more than two working together.
The geologists felt that the volcano could erupt any moment. On hearing this the cameramen disappeared.
The result was almost no footage, and the TV editors were unable to make sense of what they had because they had no idea what the geologists were talking about.
Few of the scientists seemed to understand the concept of voting off another member. Finally, they were told to just get rid of someone on any sort of criteria so they decided to dump whoever had the worst aim with a rock hammer.
The second event, landing in a ski plane in Alaska's frozen waste, failed because none of the geologists was nervous and thus there was no sense of drama – except among the camera crew. The crew refused to go on site. Instead it gave the scientists two cameras and asked them to film themselves.
When the editors went through the footage they found it was all about “glacial erratics”
Only 10 percent of the footage showed humans- mainly a petrologist standing passively to show scale.
In Hawaii's volcanic zone most of the cameramen quit, defeated by the chilli diet and stressed by the danger. And only five geologists remained. The rest had become so fascinated by rock formations that they stayed behind.
Paying for an almost-constant supply of beer and the transportation of the geologists' heavy piles of rock samples almost exhausted the budget..
The project has now been canned.
So geologists will remain an enigma.
In my experience palaeontologists (fossil hunters), despite the same pre-occupation with rocks, are far better material. They would make a splendid “Survival” series for they are very quarrelsome; they have a great sense of humour and they behave dramatically when, after days of lying in the dust scraping away at the ground, they leap around in ecstasy.
Glenn C Conroy, a professor of palaeo-anthropology (palaeo-anthropologists look mainly for pre-human bones) at Washington University in St Louis, Missouri, told me about a cannibal restaurant that charged four times as much for cooked palaeo-anthropologists as it did for cooked missionaries.
Asked why, the chef said, “Have you ever tried to clean a palaeo- anthropologist?”
It's much the same with geologists.
Advertisements
Share this on: Google
Facebook
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Filed under: Uncategorized | Tagged: "survival series", geologists, geology, humour |
Around 500 party-goers, among them many Americans, were in the West Berlin nightclub La Belle when a terrorist bomb exploded just after midnight on Saturday, April 5, 1986. Two US servicemen and a Turkish woman were killed in the blast.
Aside from shocking the world and provoking a US attack on Libya 10 days later, the tragedy briefly drew global attention to the existence of the so-called "Ami-Club" scene associated with American troops stationed in the former West Germany. Since then, little has been heard about this elusive chapter in German-American intercultural relations. In the years following the fall of the Berlin Wall the scene began to fade into obscurity -- until now.
A new project by Berlin DJs Daniel Best and Kalle Kuts (aka G.I. Disco) aims to evoke the heyday of the millions of "Ami" or American soldiers stationed in West Germany during the Cold War, contributing to the small but growing trend of "Westalgie" -- nostalgia for the former West Germany.
'GIs Weren't Seen as Occupiers'
"Back then GIs weren't seen as occupiers," Kalle Kuts remembers, "they were very welcome because they had saved West Berlin during the blockade and made sure it stayed part of the free world. It all looks a bit different from today's perspective."
The DJs' compilation "G.I. Disco -- A 1980s History of the Cold War's Hottest Music in West Germany," released last week on UK record label BBE, traces the assimilation of American soul, funk, R&B and disco into the West German music scene in the final decade of the Cold War. The album pays tribute to exclusive "GI clubs" which sprang up all over West Germany during the 1970s and 1980s to cater for hordes of homesick troops craving a taste of American nightlife.
Growing up in West Germany, Best and Kuts had been turned on to the ground-breaking sounds coming out of the US while listening to American Forces Network Radio. "AFN's Top 40 show format and the style of their DJs was completely unknown to German listeners back then and the soul, funk and disco records that army DJs like Steve Kastelac or the Magnificent Magoo played on their shows were simply the freshest sounds around," write the Berlin DJs in the liner notes of their new album.
It seems the radio station -- primarily designed to keep US servicemen up to date while abroad -- inadvertently inspired a whole generation of West German musicians.
The Mysterious World of GI Nightlife
According to Best, there were two types of GI nightclubs. A number were actually inside the American military zones, such as Silverwings at Tempelhof Airport in West Berlin -- essentially an officers' club for members of the US Airforce. As a rule, "GI clubs" inside military zones were out of bounds for Germans. Locals who succeeded in charming their way past the US military policemen on the door were mostly women. The clubs were designed to be as authentic as possible, right down to the imported American drinks sold behind the bar. All transactions were in dollars -- clubbers could exchange deutsche marks at the door.
Then there were the inner-city American clubs outside the military zones where the door policy was more relaxed. These were the sort of clubs, says Kuts, that he and Best occasionally managed to sneak into. He says they "just came for the music and were happy to gain admission at all." Nightclubs such as Chic in West Berlin and Cinderella in Stuttgart gave young Germans like Kuts and Best their first glimpse of the sequestered world of GI nightlife.
"I remember some of my first serious clubbing experiences going to Chic in West Berlin in the mid to late '80s," Kuts reminisces. "They used to check us with metal detectors at the door, something that became standard practice after the La Belle bombing. It felt like going to a club in New York. The DJs at Chic performed on another level -- it was the first time I saw and heard anything like that in real life, not just in an American movie or music video."
Far-Reaching Influence
Best and Kuts believe the new sounds of the GI club scene helped to set the course of West German popular music. "I can still remember when Eric B. & Rakim's track 'Paid in Full' first came out in 1987. It was one of the songs that started the whole new school hip hop movement and I heard it first in Chic," Kuts told SPIEGEL ONLINE. He claims American influences can be seen in the music of the Neue Deutsche Welle (a German music genre often translated as "New German Wave") as well as modern German hip hop, dance and electronic music.
"A lot of DJs and musicians have been influenced in their later work by going to those clubs and listening to AFN radio, just like Daniel and me," explains Kuts. He points out that big names associated with Germany's 1990s hip hop explosion, such as Advanced Chemistry from Heidelberg or Die Fantastischen Vier from Stuttgart, came out of cities once home to large concentrations of US troops.
Ethnic Melting Pots Ignored By Social Historians
On the back of the duo's project -- the album, their regular Berlin events and an upcoming DJ tour -- the GI clubs of the 1970s and 1980s are being rediscovered as legends of "Westalgie" folklore. However, Kuts says that despite the significant role they played in shaping modern West German music, the nightclubs have been largely ignored by social historians of West Germany. "It's a shame the GI club culture in Germany is kind of a black hole in history writing. That's one of the main reasons we started this 'G.I. Disco' project," he told SPIEGEL ONLINE.
The academic silence on the topic is surprising considering the special function the clubs played for the African-American soldiers and African-Germans in Germany. "Most of the guests at Chic were African-American GIs performing the latest dance moves fresh off the US dance floors and German women interested in meeting these guys," says Kuts.
"There were other immigrants there too, kids from Turkey, Yugoslavia and Greece." The clubs were "ethnic melting pots" and also "offered the small Afro-German community a home where they could be part of the majority -- at least for one night," write the DJs.
Kuts and Best won't rest until the GI club scene gets the musical and cultural recognition they believe it deserves. The DJ duo is now also planning an exhibition of rare photos and eyewitness accounts in their quest to shed more light on this lost chapter of West German cultural history.
Starting THIS SUNDAY, June 1st, and running through June 7th, all Sinful Colors nail colors will be on sale again at Walgreens for $0.99 each (regularly $1.99). No coupon required. This will be an excellent time to pick up some of the Summer 2014 Collections polishes (more on that in a moment)!
Do Sinful Colors nail polishes perform better than Chanel nail polishes? According to Consumer Reports' recent findings, the answer is YES. (I think many of us already believe this to be true, but it's nice to see that others agree!) Thanks so much to reader March for sharing that link with me today!
1444 Peppered Amazons
Two coats, no top coat
Peppered Amazon is a gorgeous Shamrock green with tons of silver micro-shimmer (the shimmer looks a bit like glass flecks in person). This shade is similar to the permanent shade Mint Apple but definitely not a dupe. Mint Apple is a lighter, more mint-colored green and the shimmer in Mint Apple is gold, not silver. Peppered Amazon was almost a one-coater with excellent opacity after just one coat (but of course I always apply two). The formula was a tiny bit thick, but not difficult to work with. Dry time was average for both coats.
1443 Mint Tropics
Three coats, no top coat
I feel like we've seen this color (or similar colors) a few times from Sinful over the years, but it's still a color I tend to gravitate toward. Unfortunately, I've encountered way better formulas when it comes to mint greens--this one was super finicky. Even after three coats there were still some obvious streaks, and this polish did not want to level (which you can clearly see above). Super streaky + no self-leveling is bad enough, but this one also took a long time to dry. I'm afraid I would give this shade a pass.
1433 Blue La La
Two coats, no top coat
Alright, alright...I caved. I said I wasn't going to buy any more blues from Sinful for a while (I have an ungodly amount already) but so many of you have been loving this one that I decided to pick it up to see if it wowed me when I got it on my nails. And yes, it wowed me. It's beautiful, just as you said it would be. It's lighter and more purple-leaning than Essie Butler Please and Sally Hansen Pacific Blue, but it is nowhere near as purple as OPI You're Such a Budapest. It's kind of right on the line between blue and periwinkle. And in case you missed my previous post, Blue La La, you kind of "need" it. ...I caved. I said I wasn't going to buy any more blues from Sinful for a while (I have an ungodly amount already) but so many of you have been loving this one that I decided to pick it up to see if it wowed me when I got it on my nails. And yes, it wowed me. It's beautiful, just as you said it would be. It's lighter and more purple-leaning than Essieand Sally Hansen, but it is nowhere near as purple as OPI. It's kind ofbetween blue and periwinkle. And in case you missed my previous post, this is NOT a dupe for Sinful Colors Sail La Vie/Hip to be Square/Alfresco . I required two coats for great opacity and the only issue I had was with leveling (which you can see above). But of course you can fix that with a good top coat. If you don't already have, you kind of "need" it.
1432 Embers Only
Two coats + top coat
Ruby Glisten (also part of the Summer 2014 Collections--you can Ruby Glisten is a red jelly with tiny red hex glitters, Embers Only has a lot more going with it. The base color is a pinkish-red jelly and there are small metallic gold hex glitters in this one, as well as tiny iridescent flakes. My swatch above doesn't do this one justice--here are some macros: When I saw this in the store, I was hoping it wouldn't be too similar to(also part of the Summer 2014 Collections--you can see my swatches of Ruby Glisten here ). And I'm happy to say that it's completely different. Whileis a red jelly with tiny red hex glitters,has a lot more going with it. The base color is a pinkish-red jelly and there are small metallic gold hex glitters in this one, as well as tiny iridescent flakes. My swatch above doesn't do this one justice--here are some macros:
Even though this is a jelly, it only required two coats for the opacity you see in these pics. It's a beautiful formula to work with and no issues with drying. This one really surprised me--it's stunning in person. I just have to show you one more macro because, well, look:
I love this!
Next up, I have two of the three Opalescent Toppers that are Walgreens-exclusives (again, these can be found in the Summer 2014 mega-display). Since Sinful Colors is calling these Opalescent Toppers, I decided to try them over another Sinful shade (NOT new):
Sinful Colors Mesmerize
(NOT new--I'm just showing the base color I chose for these toppers)
So here we go:
These are NOT toppers. The first nail on the left is Bring It Sheer (green Opalescent Topper) and the other two nails are From Sheer to Eternity (blue Opalescent Topper). I applied one coat to each nail and it was a hot mess from beginning to end. These are way too opaque to be toppers, yet they're not opaque enough to be regular polishes. Here are swatches of them on their own:
1438 From Sheer to Eternity
four coats, no top coat
Cinderella, while sheer as well, is more opaque than this one. Also, Cinderella is a warmer blue, and the flecks in that polish are gold and pink. Yep, four coats and this one's still streaky/patchy. And it's one of those "stringy" polishes that's thick and doesn't want to come off the brush. Also, it never dried after four coats. On the plus side, I love the green and pink flecks in this polish (you can see them a tiny bit better in the pick below). For those of you who may be thinking this is a dupe for Sinful Colors Cinderella , NOPE., while sheer as well, is more opaque than this one. Also,is a warmer blue, and the flecks in that polish are gold and pink.
1436 Bring It Sheer
Three coats, no top coat
Bring It Sheer was a tiny bit better, application-wise, than From Sheer to Eternity, but you can see that it's still pretty streaky after three coats. Also, it took a very long time to dry. It's quite pretty, but I feel like it's just not worth the hassle. Although I do love the pink and green shimmer running through this one:
Again, ALL Sinful Colors polishes will be on sale at Walgreens for $0.99 each starting SUNDAY, June 1st through June 7th. That includes the polishes featured above, which are part of this mega-display that's now at Walgreens stores across the nation. If you'd like to see my swatches of three other shades from the Summer 2014 mega-display, CLICK HERE
Do you own any polishes from the Summer 2014 Collections? Are you plotting a haul for next week?
The products featured in this post were purchased with personal funds. For more information, click here
Before I get into my little swatch-fest, a few Sinful Colors tidbits for you:Now for the swatch-fest! Today I'm going to show you the remaining six polishes that I purchased from the Sinful Colors Summer 2014 Collections ( click here to see the Summer 2014 mega-display that's now at Walgreens stores across the nation). I already showed you my swatches of a few other shades from the Summer Collections ( click here to see my swatches of Curry Up, Ruby Glisten and Lively in Lilac ) but I went back for more after that initial purchase--I just couldn't help myself! So let's take a look...
People are wondering out loud about the parallels between today's Republican Party and organized crime, and whether “Teflon Don” Trump will remain unscathed through his many scandals, ranging from interactions with foreign oligarchs to killing tens of thousands of Americans by denying them healthcare to stepping up the destruction of our environment and public lands.
History suggests – even if treason can be demonstrated – that, as long as he holds onto the Republican Party (and Fox News), he'll survive it intact. And he won't be the first Republican president to commit high crimes to get and stay in office.
In fact, Eisenhower was the last legitimately elected Republican president we've had in this country.
Since Dwight Eisenhower left the presidency in 1961, six different Republicans have occupied the Oval Office.
And every single one of them – from Richard Nixon to Donald Trump – have been illegitimate – ascending to the highest office in the land not through small-D democratic elections – but instead through fraud and treason.
(And today's GOP-controlled Congress is arguably just as corrupt and illegitimate, acting almost entirely within the boundaries set by an organized group of billionaires.)
SPONSORED
Let's start at the beginning with Richard Nixon.
In 1968 – President Lyndon Johnson was desperately trying to end the Vietnam war.
But Richard Nixon knew that if the war continued – it would tarnish Democrat (and Vice President) Hubert Humphrey's chances of winning the 1968 election.
So Nixon sent envoys from his campaign to talk to South Vietnamese leaders to encourage them not to attend an upcoming peace talk in Paris.
Nixon promised South Vietnam's corrupt politicians that he would give them a richer deal when he was President than LBJ could give them then.
LBJ found out about this political maneuver to prolong the Vietnam war just 3 days before the 1968 election. He phoned the Republican Senate leader Everett Dirksen – here's an excerpt (you can listen to the entire conversation here):
President Johnson:
Some of our folks, including some of the old China lobby, are going to the Vietnamese embassy and saying please notify the [South Vietnamese] president that if he'll hold out 'til November the second they could get a better deal. Now, I'm reading their hand, Everett. I don't want to get this in the campaign. And they oughtn't to be doin' this. This is treason. Sen. Dirksen: I know.
Those tapes were only released by the LBJ library in the past decade, and that's Richard Nixon that Lyndon Johnson was accusing of treason.
But by then – Nixon's plan had worked.
South Vietnam boycotted the peace talks – the war continued – and Nixon won the White House thanks to it. As a result, additional tens of thousands of American soldiers, and hundreds of thousands of Vietnamese civilians, died as a result of Nixon's treason.
And Nixon was never held to account for it.
Gerald Ford was the next Republican.
After Nixon left office the same way he entered it – by virtue of breaking the law – Gerald Ford took over.
Ford was never elected to the White House (he was appointed to replace VP Spiro Agnew, after Agnew was indicted for decades of taking bribes), and thus would never have been President had it not been for Richard Nixon's treason.
The third was Ronald Reagan, elected in 1980.
He won thanks to a little something called the October Surprise – when his people sabotaged then-President Jimmy Carter's negotiations to release American hostages in Iran.
According to Iran's then-president, Reagan's people promised the Iranians that if they held off on releasing the American hostages until just after the election – then Reagan would give them a sweet weapons deal.
In 1980 Carter thought he had reached a deal with newly-elected Iranian President Abdolhassan Bani-Sadr over the release of the fifty-two hostages held by radical students at the American Embassy in Tehran.
Bani-Sadr was a moderate and, as he explained in an editorial for The Christian Science Monitor earlier this year, had successfully run for President on the popular position of releasing the hostages:
"I openly opposed the hostage-taking throughout the election campaign…. I won the election with over 76 percent of the vote…. Other candidates also were openly against hostage-taking, and overall, 96 percent of votes in that election were given to candidates who were against it [hostage-taking]."
Carter was confident that with Bani-Sadr's help, he could end the embarrassing hostage crisis that had been a thorn in his political side ever since it began in November of 1979. But Carter underestimated the lengths his opponent in the 1980 Presidential election, California Governor Ronald Reagan, would go to win an election.
Behind Carter's back, the Reagan campaign worked out a deal with the leader of Iran's radical faction – Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khomeini – to keep the hostages in captivity until after the 1980 Presidential election.
This was nothing short of treason. The Reagan campaign's secret negotiations with Khomeini – the so-called "October Surprise" – sabotaged Carter and Bani-Sadr's attempts to free the hostages. And as Bani-Sadr told The Christian Science Monitor in March of 2013:
After arriving in France [in 1981], I told a BBC reporter that I had left Iran to expose the symbiotic relationship between Khomeinism and Reaganism.
Ayatollah Khomeini and Ronald Reagan had organized a clandestine negotiation, later known as the “October Surprise,” which prevented the attempts by myself and then-US President Jimmy Carter to free the hostages before the 1980 US presidential election took place. The fact that they were not released tipped the results of the election in favor of Reagan.
And Reagan's treason – just like Nixon's treason – worked perfectly.
The Iran hostage crisis continued and torpedoed Jimmy Carter's re-election hopes.
And the same day Reagan took the oath of office – almost to the minute, by way of Iran's acknowledging the deal – the American hostages in Iran were released.
And for that, Reagan began selling the Iranians weapons and spare parts in 1981, and continued until he was busted for it in 1986, producing the so-called "Iran Contra" scandal.
But, like Nixon, Reagan was never held to account for the criminal and treasonous actions that brought him to office.
After Reagan – Bush senior was elected – but like Gerry Ford – Bush was really only President because he served as Vice President under Reagan.
If the October Surprise hadn't hoodwinked voters in 1980 – you can bet Bush senior would never have been elected in 1988. That's four illegitimate Republican presidents.
And that brings us to George W. Bush, the man who was given the White House by five right-wing justices on the Supreme Court.
In the Bush v. Gore Supreme Court decision in 2000 that stopped the Florida recount and thus handed George W. Bush the presidency – Justice Antonin Scalia wrote in his opinion:
"The counting of votes … does in my view threaten irreparable harm to petitioner [George W. Bush], and to the country, by casting a cloud upon what he [Bush] claims to be the legitimacy of his election."
Apparently, denying the presidency to Al Gore, the guy who actually won the most votes in Florida, did not constitute "irreparable harm" to Scalia or the media.
And apparently it wasn't important that Scalia's son worked for the law firm that was defending George W. Bush before the high court (thus no Scalia recusal).
Just like it wasn't important to mention that Justice Clarence Thomas's wife worked on the Bush transition team and was busy accepting resumes from people who would serve in the Bush White House if her husband stopped the recount in Florida…which he did. (No Thomas recusal, either.)
And more than a year after the election – a consortium of newspapers including The Washington Post, The New York Times, and USA Today did their own recount in Florida – manually counting every vote in a process that took almost a year – and concluded that Al Gore did indeed win the presidency in 2000.
As the November 12th, 2001 article in The New York Times read:
“If all the ballots had been reviewed under any of seven single standards and combined with the results of an examination of overvotes, Mr. Gore would have won.”
That little bit of info was slipped into the seventeenth paragraph of the Times story on purpose so that it would attract as little attention as possible around the nation.
Why? because the 9/11 attacks had just happened – and journalists feared that burdening Americans with the plain truth that George W. Bush actually lost the election would further hurt a nation that was already in crisis.
And none of that even considered that Bush could only have gotten as close to Gore as he did because his brother, Florida Governor Jeb Bush, had ordered his Secretary of State, Kathrine Harris, to purge at least 57,000 mostly-Black voters from the state's rolls just before the election.
So for the third time in 4 decades – Republicans took the White House under illegitimate electoral circumstances. Even President Carter was shocked by the brazenness of that one.
And Jeb Bush and the GOP were never held to account for that crime against democracy.
Most recently, in 2016, Kris Kobach and Republican Secretaries of State across the nation used Interstate Crosscheck to purge millions of legitimate voters – most people of color – from the voting rolls just in time for the Clinton/Trump election.
Millions of otherwise valid American voters were denied their right to vote because they didn't own the requisite ID – a modern-day poll-tax that's spread across every Republican state with any consequential black, elderly, urban, or college-student population (all groups less likely to have a passport or drivers' license).
Donald Trump still lost the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes, but came to power through an electoral college designed to keep slavery safe in colonial America.
You can only wonder how much better off America would be if 6 Republican Presidents hadn't stolen or inherited a stolen White House.
In fact – the last legitimate Republican President – Dwight Eisenhower – was unlike any other Republican president since.
He ran for the White House on a platform of peace – that he would end the Korean War.
This from one of his TV campaign ads:
“The nation, haunted by the stalemate in Korea, looks to Eisenhower. Eisenhower knows how to deal with the Russians. He has met Europe leaders, has got them working with us. Elect the number one man for the number one job of our time. November 4th vote for peace. Vote for Eisenhower.”
Two of his campaign slogans were "I like Ike" and "Vote For Peace, Vote For Eisenhower".
Ike was a moderate Republican who stood up for working people – who kept tax rates on the rich at 91 percent – and made sure that the middle class in America was protected by FDR's New Deal policies.
As he told his brother Edgar in 1954 in a letter:
"Should any political party attempt to abolish social security, unemployment insurance, and eliminate labor laws and farm programs, you would not hear of that party again in our political history."
And Eisenhower was right – the only way Republicans have been able to win the presidency since he left office in 1961 has been by outright treason, a criminal fraud involving conflicted members of the Supreme Court, or by being vice-president under an already-illegitimate president.
And that's where we are today, dealing with the aftermath of all these Republican crimes and six illegitimate Republican presidents stacking the Supreme Court and the federal judiciary.
And this doesn't even begin to tell the story of how the Republican majority in the senate represents 36 million fewer Americans than do the Democrats. Or how in most elections in past decades, Democrats have gotten more votes for the House of Representatives, but Republicans have controlled it because of gerrymandering.
This raises serious questions about the legitimacy of the modern Republican Party itself.
They work hand-in-glove with a group of right-wing billionaires and billionaire-owned or dominated media outlets like Fox and “conservative” TV and radio outlets across the nation, along with a very well-funded network of rightwing websites.
The Koch Network's various groups, for example, have more money, more offices, and more staff than the Republican Party itself. Three times more employees and twice the budget, in fact. Which raises the question: which is the dog, and which is the tail?
And, as we've seen so vividly in the “debate” about healthcare this year, the Republicans, like Richard Nixon, are not encumbered by the need to tell the truth.
Whether it's ending trade deals, bringing home jobs, protecting Social Security and Medicaid, or saving our public lands and environment – virtually every promise that Trump ran and won on is being broken. Meanwhile, the oligarchs continue to pressure Republican senators to vote their way.
Meanwhile, a public trust that has taken 240 years to build is being destroyed, as public lands, regulatory agencies, and our courts are handed off to oligarchs and transnational corporations to exploit or destroy.
The Trump and Republican campaign of 2016, Americans are now discovering, was nearly all lies, well-supported by a vast right-wing media machine and a timid, profit-obsessed “mainstream” corporate media. Meanwhile, it seemed that all the Democrats could say was, “The children are watching!”
Fraud, treason, and lies have worked well for the GOP for half a century.
Thus, the Democrats are right to now fine-tune their message to the people. But in addition to “A Better Deal,” they may want to consider adding to their agenda a solid RICO investigation into the GOP and the oligarchs who fund it.
It's way past time to stop the now-routine Republican practice of using treason, lies, and crime to gain and hold political power.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PETERSBURG, Va. -- As Brent Reid drove along E. Washington Street in Petersburg, everything looked as it should, but Reid pointed out a smell he doesn't think belongs.
"It just permeates the air all through this area and it just doesn't stop all summer long," he said.
He said the foul smell in the area is coming from the Tri-Cities Regional landfill.
"I kept wondering to myself how people could stand to live and work in the area, how bad it was," said Reid.
Nick Megariotis also works in the area. He said there are days when the smell is not bad, but other times it can be unbearable.
"I sometimes come out of the building to get fresh air, sometimes what we're working with smells and there's nowhere to go to get fresh air around here," said Megariotis.
CBS 6 went to the president of Container First Services, the company which owns the landfill, to address some of the concerns.
Robert Guidry said they take every complaint seriously and said they did have a complaint yesterday but that was the first in several weeks.
"Currently we are in an area where we've had an issue with some material coming down in about a 310 foot section and as a result of that we have got some exposed trash," said Guidry.
Guidry said they have submitted a plan to the State and are currently working to correct the issue.
He said the plan should be finished by next Friday, which should help minimize the issue.
However, he did say that because it's a landfill, there are times where there can be an odor.
"We have deodorizers all around the site to help with the odor," he said.
Still, those in the area said this kind of smell is one they would like to see completely gone.
"Sometimes the smell is bad enough it makes you sick to your stomach," said Megariotis.
On this day in 1987, in one of his most famous Cold War speeches, President Ronald Reagan challenges Soviet Leader Mikhail Gorbachev to “tear down” the Berlin Wall, a symbol of the repressive Communist era in a divided Germany.
In 1945, following Germany's defeat in World War II, the nation's capital, Berlin, was divided into four sections, with the Americans, British and French controlling the western region and the Soviets gaining power in the eastern region. In May 1949, the three western sections came together as the Federal Republic of Germany (West Germany), with the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) being established in October of that same year. In 1952, the border between the two countries was closed and by the following year East Germans were prosecuted if they left their country without permission. In August 1961, the Berlin Wall was erected by the East German government to prevent its citizens from escaping to the West. Between 1949 and the wall's inception, it's estimated that over 2.5 million East Germans fled to the West in search of a less repressive life.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
With the wall as a backdrop, President Reagan declared to a West Berlin crowd in 1987, “There is one sign the Soviets can make that would be unmistakable, that would advance dramatically the cause of freedom and peace.” He then called upon his Soviet counterpart: “Secretary General Gorbachev, if you seek peace–if you seek prosperity for the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe–if you seek liberalization: come here, to this gate. Mr. Gorbachev, open this gate. Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall.” Reagan then went on to ask Gorbachev to undertake serious arms reduction talks with the United States.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Most listeners at the time viewed Reagan's speech as a dramatic appeal to Gorbachev to renew negotiations on nuclear arms reductions. It was also a reminder that despite the Soviet leader's public statements about a new relationship with the West, the U.S. wanted to see action taken to lessen Cold War tensions. Happily for Berliners, though, the speech also foreshadowed events to come: Two years later, on November 9, 1989, joyful East and West Germans did break down the infamous barrier between East and West Berlin. Germany was officially reunited on October 3, 1990.
Gorbachev, who had been in office since 1985, stepped down from his post as Soviet leader in 1991. Reagan, who served two terms as president, from 1981 to 1989, died on June 5, 2004, at age 93.
Over the past twelve hours, the Trump-Russia scandal has taken a series of twists and turns, largely focused on the revelation that Special Counsel Robert Mueller has had the Trump transition team's emails all along. These emails likely incriminate quite a number of Trump's current and former people. But an overlooked detail in the story may prove to be the most crucial of all: Mueller also has the Trump team's laptops and cellphones.
Here's the relevant passage from Reuters, which we'll quote here for the purpose of dissecting what's really going on here: “The FBI had requested the materials from GSA staff on Aug. 23, asking for copies of the emails, laptops, cell phones and other materials associated with nine members of the Trump transition team responsible for national security and policy matters.” (link). So what are we looking at? First, it means Mueller has copies of all the data and history on the laptops and cellphones used by the Trump transition team. This provides far broader avenues for evidence gathering than mere emails.
If Trump's people were their usual sloppy selves, it's unlikely that they wiped (or sufficiently wiped) the devices they had been using. This means Mueller would have access to every word processing document they typed, and perhaps access to personal email accounts that were being used on those laptops. The cellphones would not provide recordings of transition team phone conversations, but would have call histories, and potentially copies of voicemails. This is just the beginning.
Reuters says that Robert Mueller was targeting nine people on the Trump transition team in particular. Who are they? “National security and policy matters” could be interpreted in a few different ways. While this is not an indicator of guilt, here is a partial list of some Trump transition team members whose official titles could fit the above description: Michael Flynn, Mike Pence, Rudy Giuliani, Reince Priebus, and Jeff Sessions. Flynn has already cut a plea deal.
In the Stop & Shop in Orleans, Massachusetts, I was struck by the elegance of the mackerel in the fresh fish display. They were rowed and stacked, brilliant against the white of the crushed ice; I loved how black and glistening the bands of dark scales were, and the prismed sheen of the patches between, and their shining flat eyes. I stood and looked at them for a while, just paying attention while I leaned on my cart—before I remembered where I was and realized that I was standing in someone's way.
Our metaphors go on ahead of us, they know before we do. And thank goodness for that, for if I were dependent on other ways of coming to knowledge I think I'd be a very slow study. I need something to serve as a container for emotion and idea, a vessel that can hold what's too slippery or charged or difficult to touch. Will doesn't have much to do with this; I can't choose what's going to serve as a compelling image for me. But I've learned to trust that part of my imagination that gropes forward, feeling its way toward what it needs; to watch for the signs of fascination, the sense of compelled attention (Look at me, something seems to say, closely) that indicates that there's something I need to attend to. Sometimes it seems to me as if metaphor were the advance guard of the mind; something in us reaches out, into the landscape in front of us, looking for the right vessel, the right vehicle, for whatever will serve.
Driving home from the grocery, I found myself thinking again about the fish, and even scribbled some phrases on an envelope in the car, something about stained glass, soapbubbles, while I was driving. It wasn't long—that same day? the next?—before I was at my desk, trying simply to describe what I had seen. I almost always begin with description, as a way of focusing on that compelling image, the poem's "given." I know that what I can see is just the proverbial tip of the iceberg; if I do my work of study and examination, and if I am lucky, the image which I've been intrigued by will become a metaphor, will yield depth and meaning, will lead me to insight. The goal here is inquiry, the attempt to get at what it is that's so interesting about what's struck me. Because it isn't just beauty; the world is full of lovely things and that in itself wouldn't compel me to write. There's something else, some gravity or charge to this image that makes me need to investigate it.
Exploratory description, then; I'm a scientist trying to measure and record what's seen. The first two sentences of the poem attempt sheer observation, but by the second's list of tropes (abalone, soapbubble skin, oil on a puddle) it's clear to me that these descriptive terms aren't merely there to chronicle the physical reality of the object. Like all descriptions, they reflect the psychic state of the observer; they aren't "neutral," though they might pretend to be, but instead suggest a point of view, a stance toward what is being seen. In this case one of the things suggested by these tropes is interchangeability; if you've seen one abalone shell or prismy soapbubble or psychedelic puddle, you've seen them all.
And thus my image began to unfold for me, in the evidence these terms provided, and I had a clue toward the focus my poem would take. Another day, another time in my life, the mackerel might have been metaphor for something else; they might have served as the crux for an entirely different examination. But now I began to see why they mattered for this poem; and the sentence that follows commences the poem's investigative process:
Splendor, and splendor,
and not a one in any way
distinguished from the other
—nothing about them
of individuality.
There's a terrific kind of exhilaration for me at this point in the unfolding of a poem, when a line of questioning has been launched, and the work has moved from evocation to meditation. A direction is coming clear, and it bears within it the energy that the image contained for me in the first pace. Now, I think, we're getting down to it. This élan carried me along through two more sentences, one that considers the fish as replications of the ideal, Platonic Mackerel, and one that likewise imagines them as the intricate creations of an obsessively repetitive jeweler.
Of course my process of unfolding the poem wasn't quite this neat. There were false starts, wrong turnings that I wound up throwing out when they didn't seem to lead anywhere. I can't remember now, because the poem has worked the charm of its craft on my memory; it convinces me that it is an artifact of a process of inquiry. The drama of the poem is its action of thinking through a question. Mimicking a sequence of perceptions and meditation, it tries to make us think that this feeling and thinking and knowing is taking place even as the poem is being written. Which, in a way, it is—just not this neatly or seamlessly! A poem is always a made version of experience.
Also, needless to say, my poem was full of repetitions, weak lines, unfinished phrases and extra descriptions, later trimmed. I like to work on a computer, because I can type quickly, put everything in, and still read the results later on, which isn't always true of my handwriting. I did feel early on that the poem seemed to want to be a short-lined one; I liked breaking the movement of these extended sentences over the clipped line, and the spotlight-bright focus the short line puts on individual terms felt right. "Iridescent, watery," for instance, pleased me as a line-unit, as did this stanza:
prismatics: think abalone,
the wildly rainbowed
mirror of a soapbubble sphere,
Short lines underline sonic textures, heightening tension. The short a's of "prismatics" and "abalone" ring more firmly, as do the o's of "abalone," "rainbowed," and "soapbubble." The rhyme of mirror and sphere at beginning and end of line engages me, and I'm also pleased by the way in which these short lines slow the poem down, parceling it out as it were to the reader, with the frequent pauses introduced by the stanza breaks between tercets, adding lots of white space, a meditative pacing.
And there, on the jeweler's bench, my poem seemed to come to rest, though it was clear there was more to be done. Some further pressure needed to be placed on the poem's material to force it to yield its depths. I waited a while, I read it over. Again, in what I had already written, the clues contained in image pushed the poem forward.
"Soul," "heaven" . . . The poem had already moved into the realm of theology, but the question that arose ("Suppose we could iridesce . . .") startled me nonetheless, because the notion of losing oneself "entirely in the universen/ of shimmer" referred both to these fish and to something quite other, something overwhelmingly close to home. The poem was written some six months after my partner of a dozen years had died of AIDS, and of course everything I wrote--everything I saw—was informed by that loss, by the overpowering emotional force of it. Epidemic was the central fact of the community in which I lived. Naively, I hadn't realized that my mackerel were already of a piece with the work I'd been writing for the previous couple of years—poems that wrestled, in one way or another, with the notion of limit, with the line between being someone and no one. What did it mean to be a self, when that self would be lost? To praise the collectivity of the fish, their common identity as "flashing participants," is to make a sort of anti-elegy, to suggest that what matters is perhaps not our individual selves but our brief soldiering in the broad streaming school of humanity—which is composed of us, yes, but also goes on without us.
The one of a kind, the singular, like my dear lover, cannot last.
And yet the collective life, which is also us, shimmers on.
Once I realized the poem's subject-beneath-the-subject, the final stanzas of the poem opened swiftly out from there. The collective momentum of the fish is such that even death doesn't seem to still rob its forward movement; the singularity of each fish more or less doesn't really exist, it's "all for all," like the Three Musketeers. I could not have considered these ideas "nakedly," without the vehicle of mackerel to help me think about human identity. Nor, I think, could I have addressed these things without a certain playfulness of tone, which appeared first in the archness of "oily fabulation" and the neologism of "iridesce." It's the blessed permission distance gives that allows me to speak of such things at all; a little comedy can also help to hold terrific anxiety at bay. Thus the "rainbowed school / and its acres of brilliant classrooms" is a joke, but one that's already collapsing on itself, since what is taught there—the limits of "me"—is our hardest lesson. No verb is singular because it is the school that acts, or the tribe, the group, the species; or every verb is singular because the only I there is, is a.
The poem held one more surprise for me, which was the final statement—it came as a bit of a shock, actually, and when I'd written it I knew I was done. It's a formulation of the theory that the poem has been moving toward all along: that our glory is not our individuality (much as we long for the romantic self and its private golden heights) but our commonness. I do not like this idea. I would rather be one fish, sparkling in my own pond, but experience does not bear this out. And so I have tried to convince myself, here, that beauty lies in the whole and that therefore death, the loss of the part, is not so bad—is in, fact, almost nothing. What does our individual disappearance mean—or our love, or our desire—when, as the Marvelettes put it, "There's too many fish in the sea . . . ?"
I find this consoling, strangely, and maybe that's the best way to think of this poem—an attempt at cheering oneself up about the mystery of being both an individual and part of a group, an attempt on the part of the speaker in the poem (me) to convince himself that losing individuality, slipping into the life of the world, could be a good thing. All attempts to console ourselves, I believe, are doomed, because the world is more complicated than we are. Our explanations will fail, but it is our human work to make them. And my beautiful fish, limited though they may be as parable, do help me; they are an image I return to in order to remember, in the face of individual erasures, the burgeoning, good, common life. Even after my work of inquiry, my metaphor may still know more than I do; the bright eyes of those fish gleam on, in memory, brighter than what I've made of them.
"A Display of Mackerel"
What is Futures Trading?
Investоpedia defines futures as “financial cоntracts оbligating the buyer tо purchase an asset оr the seller tо sell an asset, such as a physical cоmmоdity оr a financial instrument, at a predetermined future date and price.” These financial cоntracts were оriginally created fоr farmers tо prоtect themselves frоm the drastic changes in crоp prices thrоughоut the year. Farmers wоuld negоtiate deals tо sell crоps at a certain price at a future date, regardless оf the current market price. This wоuld prоtect bоth buyer and seller frоm price fluctuatiоns.
Tоday, futures cоntracts still fоcus оn livestоck and crоps, but they have alsо expanded tо numerоus items including gоld, оil, treasury bоnds and stоcks. Even thоugh futures are traded, they are quite different frоm a regular stоck. Fоr example, futures cоntracts have a set expiratiоn date. This means that by the determined date, all assets must be delivered and the cоntract must be met. With stоcks, there is nо determined date.
When wоrking with futures, yоu will hear the terms lоng and shоrt. These refer tо the twо pоsitiоns оf a futures cоntract. The persоn with the lоng pоsitiоn agrees tо buy the underlying asset at a certain price when the cоntract expires. If the market price оf the underlying asset has mоved higher, the buyer will prоfit. The shоrt pоsitiоn is оn the оther side оf the cоntract, selling the underlying asset and prоfiting if the market price has gоne dоwn.
Fоr example, say yоu take a lоng pоsitiоn and agree tо buy stоck futures at $100 a share in three mоnths. Within three mоnths, if the price оf the stоck gоes up tо $105, yоu can sell yоur futures cоntract early and make a $5 prоfit fоr each share. Hоwever, say thоse shares decreased in value tо $97 a share. That means yоu lоse $3 per share, and yоur lоss is the seller's gain.
Fоrward vs. Futures Cоntracts
Fоrward and futures cоntracts bоth allоw yоu tо buy оr sell assets later fоr a specified price. Hоwever, these types оf cоntracts are nоt the same and can be easily cоnfused. The main difference between a fоrward cоntract and a futures cоntract is a futures cоntract is traded оn a regulated exchange. A fоrward cоntract is nоt traded оn an exchange and is simply a private cоntract between the buyer and the seller.
What Infоrmatiоn Is Included in a Futures Cоntract?
While the terms оf each future cоntract can vary, each cоntract shоuld list the quantity оf the asset, the selling price and whether the cоntract will be settled with cash оr requires a physical delivery. If the cоntract specifies physical delivery, this means the actual asset must be delivered by the date specified in the cоntract and it cannоt be traded. Physical delivery is nоt as cоmmоn as it was in the past, but it is still used tоday, particularly when wоrking with agricultural cоmmоdities.
Each cоntract shоuld specify the quantity оf the underlying asset. Fоr example, оne futures cоntract cоuld be fоr 100 bushels оf cоrn оr fоr 50 shares, etc. Due tо the varying cоmmоdities, each cоntract will alsо have different measurements, such as оunces, barrels оr even dоllar amоunts. Hоwever, dоllar amоunts can vary greatly if being traded with cоuntries using different currency.
Where Are Futures Primarily Traded?
There are exchanges arоund the wоrld that trade a variety оf futures, but sоme fоcus primarily оn certain types оf futures. Fоr example, The New Yоrk Mercantile Exchange trades energy and fооd cоntracts. The Chicagо Bоard оf Trade is where mоst agricultural cоmmоdities are traded alоng with interest rate futures and U.S. treasury nоtes. Livestоck is still a primary fоcus оf the Chicagо Mercantile Exchange. A gооd brоker shоuld prоvide yоu with all the infоrmatiоn yоu need tо knоw abоut specific futures cоntracts and the best exchanges fоr each kind. Electrоnic exchanges are alsо available if yоu wish tо wоrk by yоurself, withоut the help оf a brоker. оptiоns fоr electrоnic exchanges include оneChicagо Exchange, which is where yоu can trade single stоck futures. Intercоntinental Exchange is anоther electrоnic trading platfоrm fоr trading glоbal futures.
What Are the Risks оf Trading Futures Cоntracts?
If yоu knоw what yоu are dоing, trading futures is nоt any riskier than оther investment оptiоns. Hоwever, the leverage invоlved in futures trading means prоfits and lоsses can cоme quicker than if yоu were investing directly in the underlying asset.
Understanding leverage is crucial when wоrking with futures. When yоu pay fоr a futures cоntract, yоu buy оn a margin. This means yоu оnly pay a certain percentage оf the price оf the asset. With futures, yоu can pay as little as 10 оr 15 percent. This means that yоu can receive high reward with these cоntracts оr lоse big. If yоu plan tо trade futures cоntracts, yоu need tо be wise with yоur mоney and use stоp-lоss оrders tо prevent any large lоsses. A stоp-lоss оrder is when a brоker must sell оnce a share has reached a certain price. This allоws yоu tо exit an underperfоrming investment befоre the lоsses becоme tоо great tо handle.
When trading futures, pооr mоney management can cоst yоu greatly. Because there are risks invоlved with trading futures and it is pоssible tо lоse substantial amоunts оf mоney, experts recоmmend yоu оnly trade with mоney yоu can affоrd tо lоse. This mоney is called risk capital. Yоu will want tо talk tо an experienced brоker befоre jumping intо the futures arena tо ensure yоu understand the risks and tо guide yоu thrоughоut the prоcess.
What Else tо Cоnsider Befоre Trading
Befоre yоu begin trading futures, there are several things tо cоnsider. The first thing is tо establish a trading strategy. If yоu trade stоcks, yоu may have a trading strategy already. Hоwever, that same tack might nоt wоrk with futures trading.
As with stоck trading, it is helpful tо watch market trends, factоring in interest rates and bоnd yields. Be sure tо pick periоds yоu are cоmfоrtable with, whether yоu are better at predicting shоrt-term оr lоng-term market mоvements.
As a beginner, it is alsо wise tо chооse futures categоries yоu are familiar with. There are several categоries, including agriculture, energy and equity indexes. Within these categоries, there are mоre specific sectоrs such as livestоck оr natural gas. оnce yоu have chоsen yоur categоry and instrument, yоu can narrоw it dоwn tо yоur cоntract. Yоu will want tо research all оf these cоntracts carefully as they can differ greatly by their vоlatility, margin requirements, liquidity, etc. This research can, and shоuld, take a cоnsiderable amоunt оf time tо ensure yоu are making the right investment.
As with any investment, be aware оf the risks befоre yоu start trading. There are cоnservative and aggressive futures strategies, but even aggressive traders shоuld оnly risk mоney they can affоrd tо lоse – especially if they are inexperienced in futures trading.
Where Dо I Trade Futures?
оne оf the mоst cоmmоn ways tо trade futures is tо оpen a managed accоunt at a brоkerage firm. Experienced traders will dо the trading fоr yоu, which can minimize yоur risk. Yоu have tо pay a fee fоr the cоnvenience, but this is оne оf the smartest оptiоns fоr cоnservative traders. оther оptiоns include trading оn yоur оwn with an оnline brоkerage cоmpany. These cоmpanies usually have small fees, but yоu will be dоing mоst оf the wоrk yоurself.
Yоu can alsо day trade futures if yоu desire. Hоwever, this is an extremely risky оptiоn, particularly if yоu are chооsing tо day trade futures оn yоur оwn, withоut an experienced brоker оr investоr assisting yоu. Day trading futures requires extensive research оn purchases and margins. Yоu alsо must have a strоng knоwledge оn when is the best time sell оr buy futures tо reap any reward.
What Is the Prоcess fоr Trading?
After all yоur research and trading prоcess plans are finalized, the actual prоcess fоr trading futures is simple. The first steps tо trade that require the mоst effоrt include:
1. Select the asset yоu wish tо trade.
2. Find an experienced and knоwledgeable brоker.
3. Discuss yоur trading plans and strategies with yоur brоker.
4. Make yоur margin depоsit оn the futures with the brоker.
After yоu have made yоur depоsit, the brоker takes оver. The brоker will trade the asset with the clearinghоuse. Yоu will want tо wоrk with the brоker tо ensure yоur trading strategy is wоrking and tо discuss any changes.
An experienced and knоwledgeable brоker is key tо trading futures. The wrоng brоker can put yоu in hоt water and limit yоur gains. As yоu lооk fоr the best brоker fоr trading futures, there are a few things tо cоnsider.
Experience
Hоw lоng has the brоker been trading futures? What is their success rate? Yоu need a brоker whо understands what they are dоing and has a track recоrd tо shоw that their trading strategies wоrk.
Registratiоn
Ensure yоur brоker оr firm is registered with the Natiоnal Futures Assоciatiоn. The NFA establishes and enfоrces rules regarding the trading оf futures. It is mandatоry that all brоkers trading futures are members, tо ensure that everyоne trading futures plays by the same rules. In additiоn, check with the Cоmmоdities Futures Trading Cоmmissiоn tо ensure yоur brоker оr firm is registered. The CFTC's respоnsibilities include prоtecting users frоm fraud and viciоus and unethical practices.
Fees
Hоw much mоney will yоu be paying yоur brоker fоr their services? It is wise tо cоmpare cоsts between several brоkers befоre yоu make any final decisiоns. The cоst оf services and attached fees can be excessively high if yоu are nоt careful.
Cоmplaints
Dо yоur research оn the firm tо determine if any cоmplaints have been made regarding the firm and its brоkers. The last thing yоu want tо dо is give yоur mоney away tо a thief.
Trading futures, if dоne cоrrectly, can prоduce big rewards. Hоwever, it can alsо bring abоut large lоsses. Befоre making any final decisiоns, dо yоur research and talk tо a licensed brоker tо determine if trading futures is the right step fоr yоu tо take.
It has been a long wait but the first Lamborghini Centenario has finally been delivered. The lucky first recipient of the highly limited Italian supercar is a Sheikh from the United Arab Emirates.
The first Centenario to be delivered is one of the 20 coupés finished in an interesting shade of orange. In addition to the 20 coupés, 20 more convertibles will soon find their way to their respective owners, bringing the total production of the supercar to just 40 vehicles.
Lamborghini Centenario 1 of 2
The Centenario was revealed at last year's Geneva Motor Show and packs a naturally aspirated V12 that is good for 770 hp and 690 Nm of torque. This translates to impressive performance on road, shifting through a 0 to 100 km/h sprint in just 2.8 seconds. The speedometer will keep on running well beyond 350 km/h for those who get the opportunity.
The highly limited Lambo was called to life in honor of the 100th anniversary of the brand's founder, Ferruccio Lamborghini. For more information on the Lamborghini Centenario, make sure to read our first release.
Lawyers for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump are asking a San Diego judge in the upcoming fraud trial over Trump University to keep out any evidence relating to his presidential campaign.
In a pretrial motion filed Thursday in federal court, Trump lawyer Daniel Petrocelli listed more than a dozen areas he described as “outside the adjudicative” process that jurors should not hear.
They covered much of what Trump has been saying over the past year or more, and what has been said and written about him as he pursues the presidency.
The list included any evidence from campaign statements, speeches, advertisements, statements at debates and tweets from Trump's very active Twitter account.
It also includes two specific subject areas that have been flash points during the campaign and controversial for the candidate: “personal conduct accusations” and “comments about this case and the Court.”
The motion does not specifically identify what comments are out of bounds. But the personal conduct accusations likely relate to the 10 women who have recently accused Trump of groping or kissing them in the past.
Trump has denied mistreating the women, characterizing the accusations as fiction and blaming the campaign of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton for prompting the women to come forward.
The comments about the Trump University litigation stem from Trump's widely reported attacks on U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who is presiding over the case.
In a stop in San Diego in May, Trump said Curiel was being unfair to him and charged that the judge's “Mexican” heritage made him biased against the businessman. The judge was born in Indiana to Mexican immigrants.
A firestorm of criticism ensued over the remarks, but Trump did not back down.
Petrocelli said the evidence he wants excluded is “extraneous, irrelevant and prejudicial” to the upcoming trial.
“Before trial begins in this case, prospective members of the jury will have the opportunity to cast their vote for President,” the lawyer wrote. “It is in the ballot box where they are free to judge Mr. Trump based on all this and more. But it is in the jury box where they must judge him and this case only on evidence and argument relevant to the issues at hand.”
The motion was one of many filed this week by lawyers from both sides seeking to shape the upcoming trial. It is set to begin Nov. 28, not quite three weeks after the presidential election.
The plaintiffs in the class-action suit contend they were lured into paying for seminars and services from Trump University believing they were getting inside secrets of real estate success from Trump's handpicked teachers.
Instead, the suit said, they received little insight or knowledge after paying as much as $35,000 to the university.
Other information Trump wants excluded includes statements about his taxes, his charitable foundation that has come under scrutiny during the campaign, prior bankruptcies, his statements about other politicians, state attorneys general or “public servants,” and his casino and beauty pageant businesses.
The trial will be held in two phases. The first will determine liability — whether or not Trump is liable for deceiving customers as they allege — and the second on monetary damages.
Curiel is expected to rule on Petrocelli's motion and several others on Nov. 10, two days after the election. The timing of the trial — which was filed in 2010 — was scheduled so it would happen after the election and before Trump would take office, if he wins.
Twitter: @gregmoran
greg.moran@sduniontribune.com
A Dedham cop was arrested and placed on leave yesterday after he was charged as an accessory in the kidnapping of an Avon man who is presumed dead, authorities said.
Michael Schoener, 40, pleaded not guilty to a charge of accessory before the fact of kidnapping. He was held on $5,000 cash bail and ordered to be placed on a GPS tracking bracelet if he is released, Norfolk District Attorney Michael W. Morrissey said in a statement.
Schoener was indicted for his role in the mysterious disappearance of James Robertson, an Avon man who vanished on New Year's Day.
James Feeney, 44, has already been charged with kidnapping Robertson and is behind bars on $500,000 bail, authorities said.
Prosecutors said Schoener gave Feeney, the kidnapping plot's mastermind, a photograph of Robertson, a printout of Robertson's criminal record, as well as his police badge, handcuffs and an empty pistol holster.
“Robertson, who was on probation, was last seen on January 1, 2014, when two individuals posing as constables came to his home in Avon and kidnapped him under the guise of Robertson having to be drugged tested by probation,” Morrissey said in a statement. Robertson has not been seen “since that January 1, 2014, encounter and is presumed dead.”
Dedham police said Schoener was arrested on a warrant issued by a Norfolk Superior Court grand jury. He has been placed on leave, but police did not specify whether it was paid or unpaid leave.
“There are ongoing criminal and internal investigations under way,” police said in a statement.
Dedham police Chief Michael D'Entremont did not return a call for comment.
At the time of the disappearance, state police said Robertson was last seen getting into a silver Toyota Camry.
State police issued sketches of two men thought to have information about the disappearance, and in May, Feeney and another man were arrested.
Falcom has put out a new set of Tokyo Xanadu screenshots, introducing Mitsuki Hokuto, the fifth party member to join Kou, Asuka, Sora, and Yuuki, her grandfather and secretary, and a new organization named Zodiac.
Get the details below.
■ Characters
Mitsuki Hokuto
18 years old. She is the student council president of Morimiya High School and daughter of the “Hokuto Group,” Japan's leading enterprise. Generally, she has a kind and calm personality, but she's also skilled in the art of negotiation thanks to her leadership studies.
Mitsuki's father was supposed to succeed the Hokuto Group, but he died. Her grandfather, the current president, anticipates Mitsuki to take his place, and drags her into the issue of who will be the successor.
She seems to have some knowledge of the relationship between “Zodiac” and the Other World, as well as the organization Asuka belongs to.
Seijuroh Hokuto
70 years old. He serves as the current president of the Hokuto Group. His large build is often intimidating, and he has a fairly strict personality.
The death of his eldest son started an unsightly dispute over the company's successor among his other sons and daughters. But he has put his faith in his granddaughter Mitsuki, and is entrusting part of the business in Morimiya.
Kyouka Yukimura
27 years old. She is Mitsuki's entrusted “cool beauty” of a secretary. She can handle anything flawlessly, and is the perfect support to Mitsuki's work in Morimiya City.
She is one of the few people that Mitsuki is fine with showing her true feelings to, and when Mitsuki feels weak, she supports her like an older sister.
As a member of Zodiac, she has knowledge of the Other World, and in order to protect Mitsuki and the president, she regularly trains for battle.
■ Character Actions
Basic Attack
Mitsuki's basic attack fires several magic bullets from the ends of her cane-like Soul Device. These bullets diffuse radially, which make for a greater attack range. Since several magic bullets will simultaneously hit even when firing at point-blank range, depending on how its used, just her basic attack can provide enough fire power.
Shooting Skill: Innocent Edge
An attack where shining swords appear in mid-air and project forward. Normally, the projected swords will move forward in a straight line, but if you're locked on to the enemy, the trajectory is changed so that all your swords fly towards the enemy.
Flight Skill: Wonder Staff
An attack where Mitsuki sits atop her Soul Device like a witch on a broomstick and flies through the air at high speed while deploying magic circles.
Strength Skill: Hermit Shell
For a fixed period of time, a barrier expands around Mitsuki and protects her from every attack. While it's mainly for defense, it's also possible to damage enemies by touching them with the barrier.
Cross Drive: Chaos El Dorado
Mitsuki's Cross Drive begins by firing white and black bullet from the ends of her Soul Device. After that, the bullets fuse to create a huge golden magic sphere that launches forward at the enemy.
■ Zodiac
70 years ago, at the dawn of the technological revolution, the world's economies and businesses were lead by a union of 12 corporate giants. They had the influential power to exceed national frameworks with their stance of utilizing the Other World, but avoiding intervention in the surface world, they basically carried on without interfering with cross-national conflicts.
While the participating companies of each nation are in mutual cooperation with each other, there is also competition in the fields of new energy, the Doryoku Network, the Xiphone, and high-tech materials obtained from the Other World.
Two of Zodiac's groups are based in Japan—the Hokuto Group and Amano Works. Hokuto has been a key member since Zodiac's inception, but Amano took the place of Suruga Heavy Industries, which was part of Zodiac as of several years ago.
While Zodiac often cooperates with Nemesis in the fields of new technologies and Soul Devices, they didn't have any conflicts until the secret feud over the treatment of the Other world.
5.7k SHARES Tweet
WASHINGTON, DC – Anti-vaccers are upset that the Trump administration is getting all kinds of press and attention for using what they call “alternative facts” when in fact they have been using them for years.
“We were one of the first groups to use alternative facts and have used them for years,” said Sherri Tenpenny, unpublished anti-vaccine osteopath. “It's a little ridiculous that Trump and the lot are getting all this attention for it.”
Many alternative medicine outfits have relied on alterative facts for their entire careers and some whole professions are based on it such as anti-vaccine, anti-GMO, naturopathy, homeopathy, reiki, faith healing, etc. The fact that all of a sudden it has become “mainstream” to use alternative facts is rubbing several of them the wrong way.
“The entire premise of homeopathy is based on alternative facts, that's a fact” said Dan Ullman, homeopath. “If we used real, scientific facts our whole empire would crumble.”
After the Trump camp claimed that they were using their own alternative facts when discussing things like the size of Trumps inauguration crowds and hand size, the entire alt med community took notice.
“We are planning an alternative facts march on Washington,” said Ullman. “By homeopathic calculations it will be the biggest most powerful march in human history.
The Diabetes Payroll
Dr. Jason Fung Blocked Unblock Follow May 30, 2017
Insulin, first discovered in 1921, revolutionized the treatment of type 1 diabetes. Dr. Banting licensed insulin to pharmaceutical companies without a patent because he believed that this life saving drug for type 1 diabetes should be made available to everybody who needed it. So, why is insulin so hard to afford today?
Only three pharmaceutical companies manufacture insulin in the United States — Eli Lilly, Sanofi and Novo Nordisk. In 2012, it is estimated that insulin alone cost the US health care system $6 billion. How can they make so much money from a century old product? In 2013, according to firecepharma.com, the best selling drug for diabetes (and #5 overall) was…. Lantus, a long acting form of insulin. So, after all the research of the past 95 years, the biggest money-makin', mama-shakin' drug was insulin? Yes, sir. Worldwide, this drug alone made $7.592 billion. That's billion with a B. Oh, but the news gets better for Big Insulin. Out of the top ten, various insulins also ranked #3, 4, 6,7,9, and 10. Holy patent extensions Batman! A full seven of the top ten drugs for diabetes are insulin — a drug close to a century old. It's like your 95 year old grandfather beating LeBron James at basketball.
Tweaking the insulin molecule allows additional patents and cheaper generic medications can be kept at bay. That this clearly violates Dr. Banting's original intention doesn't matter. There is no clear evidence that these newer insulins are any more effective than the old standards. While there are some theoretical benefits, the outcomes in type 2 diabetes have only worsened even as these newer insulins became more widely prescribed. Hiking prices is another lucrative technique. From 2010 to 2015, the price of newer insulins rose from 168- 325%. Without generic competition, there is clearly collusion between the companies to keep prices high. After all, shareholders must be kept happy and the CEO needs a private jet.
At the time of insulin's discovery, type 2 diabetes, while still relatively rare, had few treatments available. Metformin, the most powerful of the biguanide class of medications, was discovered shortly after insulin and described in the scientific literature in 1922. By 1929, its sugar lowering effect was noted in animal studies, but it was not until 1957 that it was first used in humans for the treatment of diabetes.
It entered the British National Formulary in 1958, and entered Canada in 1972. It was not FDA approved in the United States until 1994 due to concerns about lactic acidosis. It is now the most widely prescribed diabetes drug in the world.
The sulphonylurea drug class was discovered in 1942 were introduced in 1956 in Germany. By 1984, more powerful second generation SUs were introduced in the United States. These drugs stimulated the pancreas to release more insulin, which reduced blood sugars. There were many side effects, including severe hypoglycemia, but they did prove effective at lowering blood sugars. For decades, these two drug classes were the only oral medications available for the treatment of T2D.
Even while the number of blood pressure and cholesterol medications were exploding, the oral hypoglycaemic drug class was mired in a rut. There was simply no money to be made for drug companies. The numbers of patients were too small, and the benefits of these drugs were dubious. But things were soon to change.
In 1977, the Dietary Guidelines for Americans were introduced to an unsuspecting American public and dietary fat was public enemy #1. The subsequent high carbohydrate intake would have unintended consequences and the obesity epidemic soon bloomed. Following like a love-sick puppy was the epidemic of type 2 diabetes.
In 1997, the American Diabetes Association lowered the blood sugar definition of type 2 diabetes, instantly rendering as many as 1.9 million more Americans as diabetic.
Pre-diabetes underwent a similar change in definition in 2003. This would label 25 million more Americans as pre-diabetic. With growing numbers, the business case for the development of diabetic medications changed completely. While there is broad consensus that pre-diabetes is best treated with lifestyle changes, advocacy groups soon embraced the notion of drug therapy. The guidelines have been lowered so much that, by 2012, the prevalence of diabetes in American adults was 14.3% and prediabetes 38%, adding up to 52.3% of americans being either pre-diabetic or diabetic. This was now the new normal. It was more common to have pre-diabetes or diabetes than it was to have normal blood sugars. Diabetes is the new black.
By 1999, the diabetes economy was primed to boom. In 1999, rosiglitazone and pioglitazone were approved by the FDA for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. They have subsequently fallen into disuse due to concerns about provoking heart disease and bladder cancer. But it hardly mattered. The dam had burst. From 2004- 2013, no less than thirty new diabetes drugs were brought to market.
By 2015 sales of diabetes drugs had reached $23 billion, more than the combined revenue of the National Football League, Major League Baseball, and the National Basketball Association. This was big business.
While these drugs all lowered blood sugars, clinically important outcomes, such as reducing heart attacks or strokes, blindness, or other complications of the disease, were not improved. The entire diabetes industry revolved around reducing high blood sugars instead of actually helping patients. The disease was one of increased insulin resistance, yet treatments were based upon lowering blood sugars instead. We were treating symptoms, instead of the actual disease.
Follow the Money
In 2003 the American Diabetes Association changed the definition of pre-diabetes adding an additional 46 million adults to its ranks. In 2010, the definition was further broadened by the use of the Hgb A1C. Ostensibly to help with early diagnosis and treatment, it is perhaps no coincidence that 9 of 14 outside experts on this panel worked in various capacities with the giant pharmaceutical companies that made diabetes medications and stood to reap an unending stream of money.
While individual members were paid millions of dollars, the association itself reaped more than $7 million in 2004 from its pharmaceutical ‘partners'. By 2012, more than 50% of the American population would be considered either diabetic or pre-diabetic. Mission accomplished. Cha ching. The market for drug consumption had been created.
The conflicts of interest only get worse. In 2008, a joint statement released by the American College of Endocrinology and the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists released a joint statement about pre-diabetes encouraging physicians to consider drug treatment of high-risk patients despite the fact that no drug had been yet approved by the FDA.
Were these unbiased academics giving their honest opinions? Hardly. 13 of the 17 members on that panel were paid as speakers and consultants to diabetes drug companies.
By 2013, these ‘advocacy' groups recommended drug treatment of pre-diabetes even more forcefully if lifestyle changes didn't work. Altruistic? Hardly. That year, more than $8 million of Big Pharma's money helped shape their positive opinion.
Thirteen of the 19 doctors on the panel that made the recommendation, including its chairman, were paid as consultants, speakers, or advisers to pharmaceutical companies that, surprise, surprise made diabetes drugs. Payments totaled $2.1 million since 2009. While patients could no longer afford their insulin shots, there was plenty of cash for the diabetes associations and the academic ‘diabetes experts'. Fancy dinners? Check. Fancy trips? Check. Large cheque? Check.
The story would be completely different if these drugs actually helped patients in a meaningful way. In prediabetes, none of the current drugs are approved for use. We can all agree that T2D is a disease of high insulin resistance but the current crop of medications only treats high blood sugars.
T2D, at its very core, is a disease about too much sugar in the body, not just the blood. Yet most of our drugs, from metformin to insulin do not rid the body of that sugar. It only drives it from the blood and into the body. But if this sugar is toxic in the blood, why would it not be toxic inside the body?
We are only moving the sugar from somewhere we can see it (the blood) to somewhere we cannot (the body) and then pretending things are improved, but all the while knowing that we have not made a difference. Where lifestyle changes clearly improves health, drugs just as clearly do not. But this inconvenient fact hardly matters to the big pharmaceuticals and their minions. As long as they controlled the diabetes associations, there was cash to be made.
This largely explains the reluctance of the world's Diabetes Associations and endocrinologists to acknowledge the devastating truth — that insulin just doesn't help patients over the long term. With so much cash on the table, who do you think funds all the research in the universities and academia, pays for all the private school tuition, sponsors all the ‘diabetes' events? Big Insulin. But the pied piper must be paid. The currency of repayment is blindness, organ failure, amputations, and death. Who pays? You, my friend.
Qantas leads charge as non-miners shine at end of profits season
Posted
Winners are grinners, and no-one was grinning more during reporting season than Qantas boss Alan Joyce, who was all smiles as he gave a news conference to extol his bumper result.
Key points: One third of non-resources companies post increased earnings
Qantas led charge with $700m profit
Retail, companies exposed to US market also benefitted
No extra tax for Government, with overall profits down 5pc
"The higher the profitability, the fewer journalists we have here. My aim in life is to make sure there are no journalists here in the future if we can," he said with a smile.
It was rare public frivolity from a major company chief executive, but with the flying kangaroo shooting the lights out with a half-year profit of nearly $700 million, Mr Joyce could afford to laugh.
While the reporting season was not as tough as predicted, the crash in commodity prices has stripped a large slab of earnings out of the market and the economy.
Unfortunately, an improved performance from the non-resource sector was unable to make up the shortfall.
"Overall, from the banks through financial services, to manufacturing, through industrial supply and what have, they haven't been too bad," Peter Warnes, head of investment research at Morningstar, said.
According to Mr Warnes, the key to profit season were the banks, with a half-year result from Commonwealth and quarterly updates from ANZ and NAB.
"Banks are the bankers to the economy. If they're doing reasonably well, then the majority of their clients will be doing well and think that's kind of seeped through," he said.
Non-resources companies enjoy increased earnings
And the numbers support that view.
Two thirds of non-resources companies increased their earnings.
More significantly, half of all companies beat expectations — the norm is 45 per cent.
In addition, two thirds of all companies outperformed the market on the day they reported — usually it is half.
AMP Capital's head of investment strategy, Shane Oliver, said it was a sign the economy was transitioning away from the beleaguered resources sector.
"New Wales and Victoria [are] doing very, very well, falling unemployment, compared to WA, which is not doing so well," he said.
"So, in other words the east coast states have filled the gap."
Falling Australian dollar boosts results
Illustrating that, the construction boom in Sydney and Melbourne helped to build materials company Boral lift earnings 31 per cent.
With its exposure to the US, Boral was helped by a falling dollar, as were other reporting season stars, such as healthcare companies, CSL, Cochlear and Sonic.
The dollar, as well as plunging oil prices, gave Qantas its profit liftoff.
And, while Woolworths problems were laid bare for all to see, other retailers fared better.
"Stocks like JB Hi-Fi, for example, continue to benefit from relative low unemployment here in Australia and low interest rates," Elio D'Amato, head of funds manager Lincoln Indicators, said.
"While, yes, their margins have been a little bit under pressure, that's been offset by Australian consumers continuing to spend."
At the other end of the scale, companies like Ansell, Flexi Group and Arrium disappointed investors.
Insurers such as QBE and IAG also did not live up to many people's expectations.
"Whilst dividends were OK for a lot of those insurance businesses, on an earnings-per-share basis, they did slightly disappoint. But we don't think that's a long-term trend. We think they'll be able to arrest that and return to positive growth in the near term," Mr D'Amato said.
Profits won't help Government coffers: analyst
Fears of widespread dividend cuts weighed heavily on investor sentiment going into the reporting season as profits struggled in a sluggish economy.
BHP Billiton, Rio Tinto and now Woolworths have grabbed the headlines by slashing their payouts in what could be a change of sentiment.
But analysts point out that 63 per cent of companies increased their dividend.
"When we look at stocks like Telstra, for example, the big banks, in particular CBA, and the other quarterly updates provided by market, we don't see any immediate threat to dividends moving forward," Mr D'Amato said.
Unfortunately for Federal Treasurer Scott Morrison, while companies will continue to pay their shareholders, AMP's Shane Oliver said profit season showed they will not be paying more to Canberra in the way of tax.
"Profits are still down," he said.
"You've got profits up in the non-mining part of the economy by an average of 5 per cent; you've got profits down in the resources side by about 65 per cent. Net, net profits are down about 5 per cent," he said.
Which means Mr Morrison will have to look elsewhere to try to cut his budget deficit of around $40 billion.
Topics: business-economics-and-finance, company-news, mining-industry, markets, australia
Perhaps the National Women's Soccer League won't be United States women's national team players' only option moving forward amid a cloud of uncertainty surrounding the team's collective bargaining agreement.
Olympique Lyon chairman Jean-Michel Aulas tells French outlet Le Monde that Americans are headed to his French dynasty of a club next season.
“OL will have a very international team next season. Several U.S. players will join us,” he said.
[LAULETTA: What Portland's signing of Amandine Henry means for NWSL]
Aulas did not specify which players would make the trek across the pond, but the timing makes sense with there being a three-year gap until the next major women's tournament following the conclusion of the Olympics this August. U.S. players on full-time national team contracts are currently required to play in the NWSL.
Aulas also spoke of the looming departure of French midfielder Amandine Henry for Portland Thorns FC this summer. Le Monde reports that Henry signed a two-year contract — which likely means until the end of the 2017 season, although NWSL and the Thorns did not disclose terms.
France national team coach Philippe Bergeroo purportedly blessed Henry's move to the U.S., where the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Silver ball winner hopes to learn some of the U.S. mentality.
Henry will likely depart with another French league title — which would be the club's 10th straight — but the greater hope is to deliver a third UEFA Champions League title for Lyon, which demolished SK Slavia Praha of the Czech Republic, 9-1 on Wednesday in Leg 1 of the quarterfinals. Henry was part of the Lyon teams which won back-to-back Champions League titles in 2010-11 and 2011-12.
Henry's time at Lyon may not be completely done. The NWSL season is short — running April through early October — and Aulas told Le Monde that Henry is welcome to return to the club during her inactive times.
“I told Amanda that she could return during this period,” he said. “We left in good relations. It will promote the Lyon football in Portland and in the United States.”
He named his one-armed robot El-E (pronounced “Ellie”), because, among other reasons, her lifting style reminded him of an elephant using its trunk.
El-E's novel interface, the laser pointer, is important because it simplifies a tricky, longstanding problem basic to getting a robot to fetch, said Gaurav S. Sukhatme, an associate professor of computer science at the University of Southern California, who has played with El-E at the Atlanta lab.
“The pointer gives the robot just enough context and guidance to solve the really hard problem of figuring out which object among many lying around in a room to pick up,” Professor Sukhatme said. “People in artificial intelligence have been working on this problem for a long time.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Just pointing to an object with natural gestures usually isn't enough to direct a robot, and even when robots navigate to the right spot, it's hard for them to grasp a particular object unless, for instance, they have a three-dimensional computer model of it, Professor Kemp said. Guided by the laser pointer, though, El-E can fetch objects as varied as towels, wallets or coffee mugs with no need for elaborate computer modeling. The laser pointer has its limits: the object being retrieved has to be in a line of sight with it. If the object is behind a bookshelf, or in the next room, the beam won't get there.
The robot is far from a consumer item just yet; it is a laboratory prototype, about to be tested with patients at the ALS Center at the Emory University School of Medicine, said Dr. Jonathan Glass, the center's director. The robot may fill an important need there. “I've had patients tell me if they drop their cellphone, they may spend several hours trying to lean down and pick it up,” Dr. Glass said. “And it fills a psychological need, too, not to have to ask for help.”
Andrew Y. Ng, an assistant professor in computer science at Stanford who is developing robot technology for people to use at home, said Professor Kemp's use of the laser pointer was highly effective. “It is simple, elegant and clever,” he said, “one of those solutions that many of us wish we had thought of ourselves.”
El-E isn't a biped — she rolls along on wheels. When a laser pointer illuminates a spot in the room, she detects the spot with her wide-angle camera, then trains her camera eyes on it to get the position of, say, the cellphone or book, Professor Kemp said. Then she lumbers off, her built-in laser range finder scanning across the surface for the target. Once she reaches it, a camera in her hand looks downward to get the measure of the object before she grabs it.
Another point-and-click household robot offers a two-way voice and video system that lets Mom and Dad visit with their children even when the parents are in a faraway hotel. This robot, ankle high and shaped like a disc, is connected to a home wireless network; its out-of-town owners can turn on a laptop computer and use the Internet to call the robot sitting in the living room. Then they can use the laptop's mouse and keyboard to send the robot rolling around the room. On the computer screen, they see what the robot is seeing with its cameras, and they can talk with anyone near the robot's sound system.
The robot, called ConnectR and not yet on the market, is being tested by its manufacturer, iRobot, said Colin Angle, chief executive. It is expected to cost about $500.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
ConnectR's camera system can show out-of-town parents the printed words in a book their children are holding at home, so they can read them a bedtime story from it. It “will allow people to visit virtually regardless of where they are in the world,” Mr. Angle said.
This article is about the ent of Fangorn Forest. For the chapter, see Treebeard (chapter).
Treebeard in the Motion Picture trilogy Treebeard Biographical information Other names Fangorn Titles Oldest of the Ents ? Shepherd of the Trees Birth YT ? Death Unknown Spouse Fimbrethil Weapon Bare hands, feet, and legs Physical description Race Ents, Onodrim Gender Male Height Around 14 feet Hair Leaf, twig and moss like Eyes Deep brown shot with green light Peter Jackson's Film Trilogy Actor CGI and full size practical animatronic Voice John Rhys-Davies
"Things will go as they will; and there is no need to hurry to meet them." — Treebeard
Treebeard, also known as Fangorn, was the oldest of the Ents left in Middle-earth, an ancient tree-like being who was a "shepherd of trees". He had a very tall and stiff-limbed appearance, with bark-like skin and leafy hair.
In Chapter 5 of The Two Towers, Gandalf calls Treebeard "...the oldest living thing that still walks beneath the Sun upon this Middle-earth." In The Return of the King, chapter 6, "Many Partings", Celeborn addresses Treebeard as "Eldest."
Contents show]
History Edit
"Hrum, now, well, I am an Ent, or that's what they call me. Yes, Ent is the word. The Ent, I am, you might say, in your manner of speaking. Fangorn is my name according to some, Treebeard others make it. Treebeard will do." — The Lord of the Rings, The Two Towers, Book III, Chapter IV: "Treebeard
Before the Third Age Edit
Treebeard was believed to be the oldest Ent who ever lived. He was so old that he remembered the time of Elves teaching the trees to speak, recalling how they wanted to talk to everything. In the time when Middle-earth was merely a giant forest, Treebeard roamed the land, presumably with his love, Fimbrethil. But after the loss of the Entwives, he and the remaining Ents dwelt in the Forest of Fangorn, isolating themselves from the outside world.
Third Age and War of the Ring Edit
"I do not like worrying about the future. I am not altogether on anybody's side, because nobody is altogether on my side, if you understand me: nobody cares for the woods as I care for them, not even Elves nowadays." — The Lord of the Rings: Treebeard
With the arrival of the Istari in the year TA 1000 of the Third Age, Saruman came to Fangorn and befriended Treebeard, and would often visit him. The two would talk, discussing various subjects, with Saruman gathering information about the forest itself, and in particular its intertwining paths.[1]
As the years passed and with no Entings due to the loss of the Entwives, the number of Ents fell. Some Ents in their old age became still and silent, almost becoming tree like as they slumbered. Treebeard, Finglas, Fladrif, Quickbeam and around fifty remained, some younger, some older. When Sauron's shadow began to spread across the land once more, Treebeard and the Ents remained in Fangorn, continuing to tend the trees, and taking no part in the affairs of Men, Elves and Wizards. However, they were brought into the war when Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took escaped from Saruman's Orcs, became lost in Fangorn Forest and befriended Treebeard. Upon learning that Saruman was cutting down the forest to power his war effort, an angry Treebeard called all the ents together for an Entmoot. After three days of deliberation, they decided to attack Isengard, in an event known as the Last March of the Ents.[1]
Leading the attack, Treebeard helped to bring down Isengard's walls and utterly destroy them, save the tower of Orthanc and Saruman himself who sat in his tower with his manservant Grima Wormtongue. The Ents also broke the dam wall which had starved the once green and beautiful Wizards Vale of all its water, flooding Saruman's pits, mines, and machines of war.[2] Once Isengard was cleansed, Treebeard remained to guard over Saruman, but was ultimately unable to keep him, due to the power of Saruman's voice and the fact that Treebeard could not bear to lock any living thing up.[3]
After the War of the Ring and Beyond Edit
After Aragorn was crowned king, he promised Treebeard that the Ents could prosper again and spread to new lands with the threat of Mordor gone, and renew their search for the Entwives. However, Treebeard sadly lamented that forests may spread once more, but the Ents would not, predicting that the few remaining Ents would remain in Fangorn forest until they slowly dwindled in number. However, he still held some hope for finding the Entwives, as he asked Merry and Pippin to watch for them near the Shire, and to bring word if they were to find them.[3]
Treebeard's ultimate fate is not known. While he aged very slowly and was extremely long-lived, he was not immortal.[citation needed]He most likely underwent the same fate of all the Ents: eventually settling down in one place, growing roots and leaves, and essentially becoming a tree himself, ceasing conscious thought.
In her final words to Treebeard during their parting at Isengard, Galadriel said she would "Not [see him] in Middle-earth, nor until the lands that lie under the wave are lifted up again. Then in the willow-meads of Nan-tathren we may meet in the spring. Farewell!" This suggests that in the future, perhaps after the Dagor Dagorath, when the lands of Beleriand will be recovered again, Treebeard and, possibly all the other Ents, will awaken again and that he will meet her again in Nan-Tathren.[3]
Portrayal in adaptations Edit
Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings film trilogy Edit
"Side? I am on no one's side, because no one is on my side." — The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers
In Peter Jackson's films The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers (2002) and The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King (2003), Treebeard is a combination of a large animatronic model and a CGI construct; his voice is performed by John Rhys-Davies, who also plays Gimli.
In the movie The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers (2002), the Ents at the Entmoot initially decline Merry and Pippin's request for help. Treebeard is carrying the hobbits through the forest, when Pippin gets an idea. He asks Treebeard to carry them towards Isengard, because that is the last place Saruman would look for them. When Treebeard gets close to the forest's edge, he sees the devastation wrought by Saruman's orcs. The trees have all been chopped down to serve as fuel for Saruman's war machine. Treebeard then makes a momentous decision, and calls for the other Ents.
"Come, my friends. The Ents are going to war. It is likely that we go to our doom. The last march of the Ents." — The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers
They attack Isengard and manage to flood it. In the book, Treebeard and the Ents decide to attack Saruman without any such coercion. They were already most likely aware of this situation. When Gandalf arrives at Isengard in The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King (2003), Treebeard refers to Gandalf as "young master Gandalf".
Video games Edit
Treebeard is featured in The Lord of the Rings: Conquest in both the good and evil campaigns. In the first he appears in the Battle of Isengard level, where the player must deliver Gríma Wormtongue's key to Orthanc to him. In the second, an alternate timeline in which Frodo took the One Ring for himself sees Treebeard killed by the Balrog known as Durin's Bane.
He also appears in LEGO The Lord of the Rings: The Video Game, in which he is a playable character when one of the Hobbits is riding on his shoulder.
Voice Dubbing actors Edit
Foreign Language Voice dubbing artist Spanish (Latin America) Maynardo Zavala Spanish (Spain) José Antequera Portuguese (Brazil) (Television/DVD) Guilherme Lopes German Wolfgang Hess French (France) Vincent Grass Czech Jiří Zavřel Slovak Emanuel Romančík Italian (Italy) Carlo Baccarini
Trivia Edit
Lists of miscellaneous information should be avoided. Please relocate any relevant information into appropriate sections or articles.
It's believed that many of Treebeard's mannerisms were based on Tolkien's friend C.S. Lewis, a loud, bombastic man known for his powerful stride and overwhelming presence.
The Top Trumps card game lists Treebeard as being 17,051 years old.
Appearances Edit
Books Edit
Adaptations Edit
Translations around the world Edit
Foreign Language Translated name Afrikaans Boombaard Albanian Pemëmjekër Arabic لحية الشجرة Armenian Ծառմորուս Azerbaijani Ağac saqqal Belarusian Cyrillic Древобород Bengali ট্রিবিয়ার্ড Bosnian Drvobradi Breton Barvgwez ? Bulgarian Cyrillic Дървобрад Cambodian ពុកចង្កាដើមឈើ ? Catalan Barbarbrat Cebuano Kahoy bungot Chichewa Mtengondevu Chinese (Hong Kong) 樹鬍 Corsican Arburu barba Croatian Drvobradaša Czech Stromovous Danish Træskæg Dutch Boombaard Esperanto Arbobarbon Estonian Puuhabe Finnish Puuparta French Sylvebarbe / Barbebois (New translation) Galician Bárbore Georgian თრეებეარდ German Baumbart Greek Δεντρογένης Gujarati વૃક્ષ દાઢી Hebrew זקן עץ Hindi ट्री दाढ़ी Hungarian Szilszakáll Icelandic Tréskegg Indonesian Jenggot pohon Irish Gaelic Féasógcrann Italian Barbalbero Japanese 木の髭 Javanese Wit jenggot Kannada ಟ್ರೀ ಗಡ್ಡ Kazakh Ағаш сақал (Cyrillic) Ağaş saqal (Latin) Korean 나무수염 Kurdish Darrî (Kurmanji Kurdish) Kyrgyz Cyrillic Дарак сакал Laotian ເປັນໄມ້ຢືນຕົ້ນຈັບຫນວດ Latin Arborbarbam Latvian Koksbārda Lithuanian Medisbarzda Malay Pokokjanggut Marathi वृक्ष दाढी Macedonian Cyrillic дрвобрада Manx Faasaagbilley ? Mongolian Cyrillic мод сахал Nepalese वृक्ष दाढी Norwegian Treskjegg Polish Drzewiec Portuguese (Brazil) Barbárvore Portuguese (Portugal) Barba de Árvore Punjabi ਟ੍ਰੀਿ ਬੀਅਰਡ Romanian Copacbarba Russian Древень Scottish Gaelic Feusagcraobh ? Serbian Дрвобради (Cyrillic) Drvobradi (Latin) Sinhalese රුක් රැවුල Slovak Stromobrad Slovenian Drevobrada Somalian Geedgadhka Spanish (Spain and Latin America) Bárbol Sundanese Tangkal Janggot Swahili Mtindevu Swedish Lavskägge Tamil மரம் தாடி Telugu చెట్టు గడ్డం Thai ทรีเบียร์ด Turkish Ağaçsakal Ukrainian Cyrillic Дре́влен Uzbek Дарахт соқол (Cyrillic) Daraxt soqol (Latin) Vietnamese Câyrâu Xhosa Umthi ndevu Yiddish טרעעבעאַרד Zulu Isihlahla sentshebe
Ents Beechbone | Bregalad (Quickbeam) | Fangorn (Treebeard) | Fimbrethil (Wandlimb) | Finglas (Leaflock) | Fladrif (Skinbark)
The excellent Letters of Note blog has unearthed yet another fascinating missive - the exchange of letters in which David Ben-Gurion offered Albert Einstein the presidency of Israel. Here's the letter containing Ben-Gurion's offer:
(You can read a transcript at Letters of Note)
Einstein responded, declining the office, citing his age, and saying that he felt he lacked "natural aptitude and the experience" to deal with people.
His closing remark is both extremely humble and extremely moving:
I am the more distressed over these circumstances because my relationship to the Jewish people has become my strongest human bond, ever since I became aware of our precarious situation among the nations of the world.
With conflict once again raging in the region, I can't help wondering - how would history have been different if Albert Einstein had accepted the presidency of Israel?
Plenty of Democrats, even those who think of themselves as progressive, would not answer yes to those questions. Some would answer, “Don't be naïve, that's impossible,” and others would say, “All we need to provide is equal opportunity for all and let the market sort it out.” (To which I'd reply, “Talk about naïve!”) I'm fine with disagreement, but I'm not fine with standard public questions like “How do we create a better climate for business so it can provide more jobs?” Consider what this implies about the purpose of people, to say nothing about the meaning of life. The business of America should not be business, but well-being.
Think about it this way: There are two kinds of operating systems, hard and soft. A clock is a hard system. We know what it's for, we know when it isn't working, and we know that 10 clock experts would agree on how to fix it — and could do so.
Soft systems, like agriculture and economics, are more complex. We don't all agree on goals, and we don't agree on whether things are working or in need of repair. For example, is contemporary American agriculture a system for nourishing people and providing a livelihood for farmers? Or is it one for denuding the nation's topsoil while poisoning land, water, workers and consumers and enriching corporations? Our collective actions would indicate that our principles favor the latter; that has to change.
Defining goals that matter to people is critical, because the most powerful way to change a complex, soft system is to change its purpose. For example, if we had a national agreement that food is not just a commodity, a way to make money, but instead a way to nourish people and the planet and a means to safeguard our future, we could begin to reconfigure the system for that purpose. More generally, if we agreed that human well-being was a priority, creating more jobs would not ring so hollow.
Sadly, even if we did agree, complex systems are not subject to clever fixes. Rather, changes often have unexpected results (that shouldn't happen with a clock), so change necessarily remains incremental. But without an agreement on goals, without statements of purpose, we are going to continue to see changes that are not in the interest of the majority. Increasingly, it's corporations and not governments that are determining how the world works. As unrepresentative as government might seem right now, there is at least a chance of improving it, whereas corporations will always act in their own interests.
The root of this endeavour is to be found in The Most Serene Republic's log for today. The results of that root are as follows :
IP MAC # mI LGen TZ 128.135.118.179 00:1D:C0:04:6A:98 189 235 MWh US/Central 128.135.118.180 00:1D:C0:04:6B:14 126 169 MWh US/Central 141.239.148.243 00:1D:C0:01:74:E6 10 20.5 MWh US/Hawaii 165.124.180.22 00:1D:C0:04:6A:8C 92 79.8 MWh US/Central 184.23.25.241 00:1D:C0:00:EB:6D 28 44.2 MWh US/Pacific 198.108.25.193 00:1D:C0:04:12:9B 2 1.97 MWh US/Eastern 64.30.126.213 00:1D:C0:04:57:A9 60/30 49.9 MWh US/Pacific 65.183.143.207 00:1D:C0:02:EF:CD 20 26.8 MWh US/Eastern 66.91.168.133 00:1D:C0:03:6C:A3 18 35.8 MWh US/Hawaii 69.146.54.20 00:1D:C0:03:AB:02 24 55.9 MWh US/Mountain 69.91.192.223 00:1D:C0:04:5F:B0 48 62.8 MWh US/Pacific 70.167.75.146 00:1D:C0:04:6A:01 44 92.4 MWh US/Pacific
Most of the afflicted items (9) are running software version R3.7.28 (88072d) built on Fri Feb 05, 2016 03:46 PM PST ; a couple are running R3.7.27 (bed096) made Tue Aug 11, 2015 11:33 AM PDT and one R3.7.26 (7888b3) made Mon Aug 25, 2014 01:56 PM PDT.
Here's the complete and detailed list of their activity (tsv) : solar-lulz.txt
As you can see, the units are not particularily reliable, there's a long litany of possible errors (how the fuck do you get the frequency out of range on a solar panel is anyone's guess, but maybe they recycle old Sony tv sets or something) and they are encountered regularly.
In terms of actual economic utility, the situation is grim : a total of 143 800-00065-r03 units together with a further 45 800-00038-r08s, all installed on August 10 2012 managed to produce a whopping 235 MWh in the intervening 1`699 days. That's about 0.731kWh per unit per day. A microinverter is typically rated for about 200W, which means an efficiency of about 15%. I guess there's no sun where these people live ?
Except they live everywhere, from Hawaii and the West Coast to Flyover America to East Coast. None of the examples fare any better ; of the 662 individual microinverters we sampled not one actually rose over 25% efficiency. In fact, people regularily pay to the tune of $11`760 in cash for installing an item that will produce less than one cent of revenue per day on average during the next five years! At which rate the investment will amortize itself sometime after the supposed problem all this wastage resolves has long solved itself!
To recap : "solar power" costs more in energy alone to merely produce the hardware (we're not counting the minerals, just the energy to assemble all the stuff together) than it will ever output over its lifetime. Then there's the cost to decomission the things, then there's the actual wasted raw materials that compose them, etcetera etcetera.
This can not be underlined thickly enough : the best way to save energy is to... not buy nor install solar panels.
For every Watt of energy an installed solar panel ever produces, it will have consumed about three Watts of energy. You are actually saving two Watts by not putting one in. Running your fridge with the door open in front of the electric stove with the oven door open for the rest of this year is more economical, financially, more efficient, energetically, and more environmentally friendly than installing one single microinverter.
Please, for the sake of your children : stop doing stupid shit like installing solar panels. Do some reading instead. Try doing some math. Please ?
———
Last week's federal district court decision in Erotic Service Provider Legal Educ. & Research Project v. Gascon holds that there's no constitutional right to engage in prostitution.
That has long been the conventional understanding, but it's an interesting question why exactly this is so. Lawrence v. Texas is reasonably read, I think, as securing some constitutional right to sexual autonomy; and most constitutional rights include a right to spend money to exercise the right. It would clearly be unconstitutional for the government to say:
“you can have an abortion but you can't pay for it”; “you can send children to a private school but only if it's free”; “you can publish a newspaper but you can't spend money on it”; or “you can engage a lawyer for your criminal trial but only if he's a volunteer.”
And this is so even though such payments may cause results that some people view as harmful (e.g., the propagation of economic inequality into inequality in education, defense against criminal charges, and political activity.) There's controversy about whether the government could limit spending on particular kinds of speech, such as speech about elections; but there's broad agreement that most spending on speech — and the other constitutional rights I mention — is indeed constitutionally protected.
The court explains its reasoning this way:
The relationships granted protection by the Fourteenth Amendment “are those that attend the creation and sustenance of a family” and similar “highly personal relationships.” “The individuals are deeply attached and committed to each other as a result of their having shared each other's thoughts, beliefs, and experiences. By the very nature of such relationships, one is involved in a relatively few intimate associations during his or her lifetime.” The Supreme Court has held that the Constitution protects “those relationships, including family relationships, that presuppose ‘deep attachments and commitments to the necessarily few other individuals with whom one shares not only a special community of thoughts, experiences, and beliefs but also distinctively personal aspects of one's life.'” Board of Directors of Rotary Int'l v. In the context of intimate relations, “[w]hen sexuality finds overt expression in intimate conduct with another person, the conduct can be but one element in a personal bond that is more enduring.” Lawrence v. Texas. The Ninth Circuit has determined [in a pre-Lawrence case] that a couple comprised of an escort and a client possesses few, if any, of the aspects of an intimate association. It lasts for a short period and only as long as the client is willing to pay the fee…. While we may assume that the relationship between them is cordial and that they share conversation, companionship, and other activities of leisure, we do not believe that a day, an evening, or even a weekend is sufficient time to develop deep attachments or commitments. In fact, the relationship between a client and his or her paid companion may well be the antithesis of the highly personal bonds protected by the fourteenth amendment. Similarly, here, the Court finds precedent dictates that the intimate association between a prostitute and client, while it may be consensual and cordial, has not merited the protection of the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. See, e.g., Lawrence (distinguishing its holding from application in the context of public conduct or prostitution); Muth v. Frank, 412 F.3d 808, 818 (7th Cir. 2005) (holding that, pursuant to Lawrence, there is no cognizable fundamental right to private consensual sexual conduct). Having defined the asserted right to constitutional protection within a particular relationship, and having found that the
relationship has not historically been granted recognition as fundamental, the Court finds that
Section 647(b) does not challenge a fundamental right requiring the application of strict scrutiny in assessing its constitutionality…. This Court finds that, following the holding in Lawrence, moral disapproval is not an adequate or rational basis for criminalizing conduct. However, there are “justifications for criminalizing prostitution other than public morality, including promoting public safety and preventing injury and coercion.” Accordingly, the Court finds that Defendant has proffered sufficient legitimate government interests that provide a rational basis to justify the criminalization of prostitution in California.
I'm inclined to think this is generally right (as I briefly noted in 2007 in this article, at p. 1836). I don't think I'd treat Lawrence as limited to relationships that are already “deeply attached and committed” (which would exclude casual sex as well as prostitution); rather, I think that case is best read as focusing on the special potential of noncommercial sexual activity to promote emotional relationships, which I suspect is greater than the potential of commercial sexual activity to do so. Still, in general, I do think that prostitution is different enough from noncommercial sex to be outside the scope of Lawrence. Though my tentative view is that prostitution should be decriminalized, and that bans on prostitution do more harm than good, I don't think that prostitution is constitutionally protected.
But in any event, this struck me as an interesting case to pass along.
Are you in the market for a cinema to call your own? Good news! The Regent Theatre on Mount Pleasant can be yours for just $9 million (plus applicable taxes.)
First opened in 1927 as 'The Belsize,' The Regent remains a fully operational movie theatre with regular screenings and events. Ed The Sock hosted the Beaver & Bacon Comedy Festival there just a few weeks ago.
Whoever buys the historic building could certainly choose to keep it running as a cinema. It's served as a movie theatre nearly all its life, save for a 20 year stretch beginning in the 1950's when it was used to foster Canadian stage talent.
A post shared by Kevin Burke Of The Internet (@kevinburke32) on Nov 27, 2017 at 2:54pm PST
While it's listed as a commercial property, the realtor selling this building does invite potential buyers to "explore the possibilities."
"Very unique opportunity to acquire an icon of Davisville Village," reads the listing. "Over 600 seats plus mezzanine level with administration offices."
That could make for one wicked place to live, but, more likely, it will make for another event venue and movie theatre. Or maybe condos.
You never know in this town.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Chad L. Coleman put on the performance of his life on an NYC subway, except none of it was acting.
“The Walking Dead” actor started screaming at passengers on the Downtown 4 express train on Friday.
“I wanna know where my humanitarians are!” he yelled as he walked up and down the train cart. “Yes, I am Chad L. Coleman. I am on ‘The Wire,' ‘The Walking Dead,' I'm not trying to f–k with you. I'm telling you the truth.”
The entire fit, in which he repeatedly yells about humanitarians and identifies himself as an actor, lasted over 3 minutes and was caught entirely on film. Coleman even tells riders to record the video for TMZ if they want.
The actor told TMZ the rant began after people were trying to figure out who he was on a train and heard a guy say, “No, we don't know that n—-r.” His humanity comments, he said, were in reference to Baltimore.
Coleman is most widely known for playing Tyreese on “The Walking Dead” and Cutty on “The Wire.”
His rep did not immediately return a request for comment.
Warning explicit language:
There's little doubt that Travis Dahl adores his dog, Dora, and absolutely none that she adores him. But their partnership is on borrowed time. Soon, Dora will leave for a new home and a new job. “It'll be a bittersweet moment when she leaves, that's for sure,” he says ruefully.
Dora, you see, has a drug problem. When it comes to marijuana, she can't help herself. She'll find it in sealed bags in the trunks of cars, hidden under floorboards, inside walls, drawers or pockets. And when she finds it, she won't move until Dahl retrieves it and rewards her.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Dora has a drug problem. Photograph: Jason Wilson for the Guardian
She's just as zealous in searching for meth, coke and heroin. But while it's still illegal to possess or traffic in those substances, from 1 July, weed will be 100% legal for adults in the state of Oregon to buy, to have and to smoke in private places. Instantly, Dora's ability to sniff it out will become a liability to her handler and his department.
In the three years she's worked with officer Dahl in the police department of little Roseburg, just off I-5 in southern Oregon, Dora has been involved in about 300 drug cases. (If that seems like a lot for a town of 25,000, Dahl agrees, conceding that “Douglas County has a reputation”, particularly as a centre for growing marijuana.)
Dora is a Belgian malinois, or Belgian shepherd. She resembles a German shepherd but a little less heavy-set, and a lot more bouncy. “They're kinda high-strung and playful, which is why they're good at this.” Indeed, she couldn't be further from your mental image of a vicious police dog. Her demeanour is that of a loving (albeit well-trained) family pet – affectionate to all, and especially loving to her owner.
Malinois has a keen sense of smell, but so do other breeds. Her temperament is the key. Dora lives to play tug or fetch, and every time she finds coke, meth or weed she gets rewarded with a moment of play. For her, sniffing out drugs, and sending people to prison, is nothing but a never-ending game.
It's not the only breed used for this work – police have successfully used labradors, German shepherds, poodles and even chihuahuas. But the specialist breeder/trainers that Roseburg deals with are in Holland, and they do malinois. (Dahl has to give her the basic commands in Dutch.)
The dogs are a five-figure investment, and Roseburg's small PD in only able to afford them thanks to an “anonymous benefactor”. Once they are in the US they are perfected by specialist trainers who, as is often the case, are at least half-focused on training the handlers. (“Dora never makes mistakes,” says Dahl, “only I do.”)
Dora's abilities generally give the police probable cause to search a car, a house or a person. But they can't take it for granted: time and again, Dahl has had to explain to courts and juries what her abilities are, why they are reliable, how she was trained, and how he can be sure that she hasn't smelled the tobacco, snacks or ammo that drugs may have been stored with.
Dora and her handler, Travis Dahl. Photograph: Jason Wilson for the Guardian
Because harder drugs are so often stored with weed, in Oregon there will be circumstances where a legal drug is stored with an illegal one. If it can be argued that Dora smelled the legal drug, and not the illegal one, probable cause goes out the window. As Dahl puts it: “I couldn't stand up in court and swear she hadn't smelled the marijuana.”
It's too difficult and dicey now to exclude marijuana from her repertoire. At the end of June, she'll retire from the force and move on to the city's jail, to sniff out contraband in one of the few buildings in Oregon where marijuana will still be absolutely forbidden.
Dahl has to give her to her new handler. He's planning to give her some space. “I'll stay away from her for a while. It would be too hard for her, and for me.” He'll get a new “three drug” dog who will never have been trained to smell out pot.
We can respect him, and his bond with his animals, and still wonder, at the beginning of the end of the war on drugs, whether all this has been worth it.
All over Oregon, police forces are either retiring their drug dogs, or playing wait-and-see and betting for now that prosecutors will be able to carry the day until their dogs serve out their term. Meanwhile, in Roseburg's prison, Dora may well find herself interacting with people who she helped to send there.
For those of us who are dog-lovers, but who also feel dismay at all the time, energy and money that's gone into punitive approaches to drug use, that may seem a little sad. A dog's love, playfulness and eagerness to please in doing the job it was trained for mean that like so many inmates, it has to be wrenched away from its loved ones and spend its days behind prison walls.
How long do we want to go on making love a part of the apparatus of the war on drugs?
Just a week after the executive board of the United Nations Educational, Cultural and Scientific Organization (UNESCO) ratified a controversial resolution that ignored Jewish and Christian ties to the Temple Mount, the body's World Heritage Committee is set to vote on a similar text.
The UNESCO heritage committee's 21 member states are expected to vote on Wednesday in Paris on the resolution, entitled, “Old City of Jerusalem and its Walls.” As with last week's contentious text, the latest draft is expected to pass with a comfortable majority.
A draft of the resolution obtained by The Times of Israel once again refers to the Temple Mount compound solely by its Muslim names, “Al-Aqsa Mosque/Al-Haram Al-Sharif,” and defines it only as “a Muslim holy site of worship.” As the site of the Biblical temples, the mount is the holiest place in Judaism.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
While last week's text did include one passage with a mention of the importance of Jerusalem's Old City for “the three monotheistic religions,” the heritage committee's resolution text includes no references to Jewish or Christian ties to the area's holy sites.
According to Israeli officials, there is some chance that the Arab nations sponsoring the resolution — Kuwait, Lebanon and Tunisia — will agree to insert a similar passage in the final draft, in order to ensure that Western countries vote for the resolution, or at least abstain.
Last week's resolution referred to Israel as “the occupying power” at the holy sites. The new resolution does not. Nor does the new version put quotation marks around the Jewish term “Western Wall,” a punctuation seen in Israel as further bolstering the original resolution's disdain of a Jewish connection to Judaism's holiest site. Israel's envoy to UNESCO, Carmel Shama-Hacohen, said over the weekend that these seemingly minor changes in so hostile a text nonetheless mark significant concessions on the part of Arab states, which would not have been achievable only a few months ago.
Last week's resolution, which was approved at the UNESCO committee stage on October 13 with 24 “yes” votes, six “no” votes and 26 abstentions, and then formally confirmed by UNESCO's executive on October 18, sparked vociferous condemnation in Israel, as well as from UNESCO's own director and several foreign leaders. A chorus of Israeli politicians, led by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu but including left-wing lawmakers, slammed the decision as absurd and UNESCO as detached from reality.
Immediately after the committee stage vote, the agency's director-general, Irina Bokova, issued a rare statement rebuking member states for the vote. To “deny, conceal or erase any of the Jewish, Christian or Muslim traditions undermines the integrity” of the Temple Mount, she stated.
Mexico and Brazil, which voted in favor of the resolution, later expressed regret and vowed to abstain in future votes on the matter. Italy, which abstained, said it would henceforth vote against similar resolutions.
“To say that the Jewish People has no connection to Jerusalem is like saying that the sun creates darkness,” Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi told Netanyahu during a phone call over the weekend.
Renzi promised to try to convince other European governments to adopt his position, according to a read-out of the call issued by Netanyahu's office.
“Prime Minister Netanyahu said that even the theater of the absurd has limits and noted that it was important that countries which respected both themselves and the truth not participate in it. He added that it was not a political question but one of historical facts,” the statement read.
Netanyahu views Renzi's position as “a welcome process of changing direction in extreme votes against Israel in international forums,” the statement continued. “The change in UN institutions will take some years and will also entail disappointments but these are – without doubt – the first signs of a welcome change.”
Italy, Brazil and Mexico are not members of UNESCO's World Heritage Committee, and thus will not be able to vote on Wednesday.
The 21 nations that will vote on the text are: Finland, Poland, Portugal, Croatia, Turkey, Azerbaijan, South Korea, Indonesia, the Philippines, Vietnam, Kazakhstan, Tunisia, Kuwait, Lebanon, Peru, Cuba, Jamaica, Burkina Faso, Zimbabwe, Angola and Tanzania.
According to Shama-Hacohen, Netanyahu instructed him to work to convince countries likely to abstain to go further and cast a vote against the resolution, arguing that an abstention is akin to support.
“If the Palestinians continue to adhere to this dangerous path, which is actually a diplomatic jihad against the Jewish people, Judaism and Christianity, they will discover that last week's surprises from Mexico and Italy are only the beginning,” he insisted.
Shama-Hacohen added that an ambassador from a leading Arab state had told him he did not understand what the Palestinians were trying to accomplish with their resolutions, but that political pressures meant his government was forced to toe the Palestinian line.
US deficit panel launches offensive against social programs
12 November 2010
The proposals announced Wednesday by the Democratic and Republican chairmen of the Obama administration's budget deficit panel amount to an all-out attack on the working class combined with even bigger tax cuts and windfalls for the corporate-financial elite. They are, however, only an initial indication of the assault on social programs, jobs and working class living standards that is being prepared in the United States.
The principal measures in the report released by the commissioners, former Republican senator Alan Simpson and former Clinton administration official Erskine Bowles, include:
* Cuts in Social Security cost-of-living increases for retirees and an increase in the retirement age to 68 by 2050 and 69 by 2075.
* Reductions in health care expenditures across the board, including even deeper cuts in both Medicare and Medicaid than those included in Obama's health care “reform.” The commissioners also champion “tort reform” to limit the ability of people to sue for damages in cases of medical malpractice.
* A 10 percent reduction in the total federal workforce, i.e., a loss of over 200,000 jobs. The elimination of an additional 250,000 non-military contractors, and a three-year pay freeze for all non-military federal employees.
* The implementation of one of several proposals for “tax reform” that will further skew the tax system in favor of the rich. Proposals include the elimination or lessening of tax deductions and the slashing of individual income tax rates, including a massive reduction for top earners from the current 35 percent to 23 percent. Also included is a reduction of the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 26 percent and the permanent extension of corporate tax credits as part of a plan to “make America the best place to start and run a business.” Popular tax breaks, such as the mortgage interest tax credit, are to be ended and regressive consumption taxes imposed, including a 15 cent increase in gasoline taxes by 2013.
That these proposals are broadly opposed by the American people is acknowledged by the commissioners themselves. Not bothering to conceal his contempt for the population, Simpson joked that he might have to join the “witness protection program.” He said the commissioners had laid everything on the table to “let the American people chew on it.”
The commissioners and the media are billing the report as a call for “shared sacrifice.” This is a fraud. Not only are the cuts directed overwhelmingly against the working class, including cuts in health care for veterans, but under the cover of deficit-reduction and fiscal responsibility changes are being proposed to the tax system that will effectively transfer trillions of dollars from the government to the personal bank accounts of the financial aristocracy.
The proposals demonstrate that the economic crisis unleashed by the criminality and greed of the ruling elite is being used to fundamentally and permanently alter social life and class relations to the benefit of the self-same elite.
This class-war policy has the support of the Obama administration and both political parties. Speaking from South Korea on Thursday, Obama jumped to the defense of the commissioners, criticizing members of his own party for suggesting that the cuts went too far. “We're going to have to take actions that are difficult and we're going to have to tell the truth to American people,” Obama said, echoing the talking points of the report itself.
The proposals were released the same day that the White House made its most explicit statement yet that it would agree to extend the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy, a policy demanded by the Republicans. Obama adviser David Axelrod told the Huffington Post on Wednesday that the administration would agree to a temporary across-the-board extension of the tax cuts, including for those making more than $200,000 a year.
The New York Times, the liberal establishment's newspaper of record, declared its full support for the commission. Its lead editorial Thursday hailed the report as a “welcome antidote” to the election campaigning, which “offered no credible plans” for reducing the deficit. The Times praised the commissioners for “daring to mention the need to find significant savings in Social Security, Medicare and other mandatory programs.”
The Times were particularly enthusiastic about cuts in health care. It noted approvingly that the chairmen “would go beyond the new health care reform law by strengthening some of the most important cost-cutting provisions … It would strengthen a Medicare payment advisory board [to recommend cuts in the program for the elderly] and cap tax exclusions for employer-sponsored plans at a lower level than the law does”—that is, force workers onto cheaper plans with less coverage.
The proposals of Simpson and Bowles represent a continuation of the policies of the first two years of the Obama administration, which has been devoted to bailing out the banks, reducing wages, expanding war and slashing government spending on health care.
While the liberal and pseudo-socialist “left”—including the Nation magazine and middle-class groups such as the International Socialist Organization—provided Obama support and political cover, he spearheaded an attack on the working class. His administration also provided a breathing space for the corporate-financial elite to regroup after the financial crash of 2008, and for the Republican Party—repudiated by the voters in the Obama landslide of 2008—to capitalize on popular disillusionment resulting from Obama's betrayal of his campaign promises and to make a comeback.
The 2010 elections were characterized by mass disaffection and abstention among workers and youth who voted for Obama two years earlier. The sweeping Republican victory heralds an even more aggressive assault on the working class by the financial elite.
The commission chairmen's report underscores the utterly undemocratic character of the US political system and the essential fraud of elections dominated by two right-wing parties of big business. In order to prepare social cuts opposed by the vast majority of the people, Obama formed the deficit commission last February, appointing two co-chairmen with an established record of attacking Social Security. The report of the deficit commission was deliberately scheduled for after the elections in order to give the electorate no say on the proposals.
No one should take seriously the criticisms of the commission report from sections of the Democratic Party, its middle-class “left” supporters and the trade union bureaucracy. They will work just as assiduously to demobilize popular opposition and pass brutal austerity measures as they did to promote Obama and support the policies of the first two years of his administration.
The proposals are a stark warning to the American people. They are only the beginning. Programs upon which millions of people depend and which have been taken for granted for generations are being targeted to be gutted. Everything is on the table—Social Security, unemployment benefits, health care programs, public education.
The American financial aristocracy is ruthless in its determination to carry out this restructuring of class relations. The experience of the Obama administration has demonstrated that it is impossible to oppose this attack within the rotten framework of the Democratic Party and the two-party system.
To fight for its interests, the working class needs its own political party and its own program, based on the socialist transformation of the American and world economy.
Joseph Kishore
Joseph Kishore
As the most senior driver on the Red Bull junior programme, reigning GP2 champion Gasly remains the most likely alternative for Toro Rosso should it part with either Sainz or Kvyat for 2018.
Sainz caused a stir during the Austrian Grand Prix weekend when he suggested he was unlikely to remain at the Faenza-based squad for a fourth successive season, a suggestion that was quickly refuted by Red Bull team boss Christian Horner.
However, Horner went on to say a week later at Silverstone that offers for the Spaniard's services would be considered.
Sainz has been linked with a future move to Renault, with the French car manufacturer thought to be weighing up a list of contenders - including Robert Kubica - for 2018.
Asked about the speculation surrounding Sainz, Gasly said any possible move could only play into his hands, even if he conceded it would still take time for the exact picture to become clear.
"The only thing I want is to be in F1, and if things like this [Sainz leaving] are happening, it can only be a good thing because it means there is a seat in Toro Rosso," Gasly told Motorsport.com.
"But we still don't know exactly what is happening, and we'll have more answers in the next few weeks. At the moment the only thing I can do is to push for things for happen.
"Red Bull knows I want to make it to F1, and they've been supporting me for the last four years, but F1 is quite a difficult world; it's not all about performance. Politics and finances can play a part unfortunately and you just have to wait for the right time for your opportunity.
"For reasons out of my control we couldn't make it happen for 2017. Hopefully we can for 2018."
Test chance
Gasly, whose main racing programme is in Super Formula this season, will get his second run in a 2017 F1 car next week in post-race testing at the Hungaroring, sharing Red Bull test duties with race driver Max Verstappen.
While the Frenchman's capabilities are well known to the team, he still believes the test offers one final chance to prove he is "fully ready" to make the graduation to a full-time drive.
"I've been with Red Bull for a couple of years, and every time testing has gone really well, in the simulator also they can compare me to Daniel [Ricciardo] and Max and when you test you compare," added Gasly.
"They know my speed, they know me as a driver, they watched me last year in GP2. But every test is still a good opportunity to show what you can do and show your potential.
"I don't think it will be 'yes or no' for my future, but everything you can do to impress them is good, and this is a chance to show them I am fully ready to make the move."
Formula E showing a one-off
Gasly also made his Formula E debut earlier this month, standing in for absent Renault e.dams driver Sebastien Buemi in the New York double-header and scoring a pair of points finishes.
But the reigning GP2 champion made it clear he wasn't interested in any further Formula E outings while his focus remains on securing a seat in F1.
"At the moment, it was really just a one-off race to replace Sebastien," he said of his New York appearance. "Now the target is still F1, it's the only thing I want and my only motivation.
"I will have time to think about different series in the future; I'm still 21 and the only thing I think about every day is F1. At the moment I am still waiting for my chance."
Grey's Anatomy was adjusted up a tenth among adults 18-49 versus the preliminary Thursday broadcast ratings. Though it was not adjusted in adults 18-49, Scandal's rise in total viewers makes it the most watched episode in the show's history.
Want to know why adjustments occur to the preliminary ratings? Read this.
Broadcast primetime final ratings for Thursday, April 17, 2014
Time Net Show 18-49 Rating/Sh Total Viewers (Millions) 8:00 CBS The Big Bang Theory – R (8-8:31PM) 2.2/8 9.69 FOX Hell's Kitchen 1.7/6 4.95 NBC Community – Season Finale 1.0/4 2.87 ABC Grey's Anatomy – R 0.9/3 3.59 CW The Vampire Diaries 0.7/3 1.66 8:30 CBS The Big Bang Theory – R (8:31-9PM) 2.7/9 10.91 NBC Parks and Recreation (8:31-9:01PM) 0.9/3 2.39 9:00 ABC Grey's Anatomy 2.6/8 8.45 FOX American Idol 1.9/6 7.97 CBS The Crazy Ones 1.6/5 6.19 NBC Hollywood Game Night 0.9/3 3.21 CW Reign 0.4/1 1.39 9:30 CBS The Crazy Ones – Season Finale 1.3/4 5.23 FOX Surviving Jack 1.0/3 4.29 10:00 ABC Scandal – Season Finale 3.4/11 10.57 NBC Parenthood – Season Finale 1.3/4 3.99 CBS NCIS – R 1.0/3 6.13
–
Nielsen TV Ratings: ©2014 The Nielsen Company. All Rights Reserved.
Photo
SO far, the Mitt Romney-Paul Ryan ticket has been given the approval rating typically reserved for a Hollywood bromance in the dead of August. Two thumbs up for the cute Republican dudes!
The man from Janesville, Wis., was hoisted onto the love pedestal, a nerd suddenly out of his loafers and into the sex dreams of Republicans, who apparently, unlike Democrats, need this kind of thing. The Web site Politico worked up a complete Ryan hot sheet, noting his “dreamy bedroom eyes” and “buff” body, while TMZ, brandishing a photo of the congressman and his trainer, called him “the hottest vice-presidential candidate ever.”
Savor it, Mr. Ryan. Most V.P.'s are forgotten before the next election.
My editor asked me to write a critique of the two men's attire on the day of the announcement in Virginia, thinking there might be something in their casual look.
The idea of politicians deliberating over what message their clothing conveys enchants editors. They tend to overestimate the effects of a generic blazer or give too much credit to mysterious back-room handlers. It amounts to an idealization of the image-making process, a hoax. In truth, there are no real differences of style and message in the clothing of the current presidential candidates, which is too bad.
Photo
But one thing bugged me about Mr. Ryan's appearance on the day of the announcement in Virginia, on the symbolic deck of a battleship. He had on a blazer with an open-neck shirt and dark trousers; Mr. Romney was in his familiar shirt sleeves and a tie. Polished but relaxed. Yet if Mr. Ryan was chosen to bring youth and vigor and a kind of Ayn Rand boldness to the G.O.P., as the commentators kept saying, then his jacket was killing it.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
So much for his lethal six-pack. He was swimming in his coat, like Tom Hanks in “Big” when he becomes a kid again.
ArenaNet has filled the world of Guild Wars 2 with dangerous foes. While players travel to stop these dark forces, new threats lurk in the shadows. For every moment our backs are turned, these new forces gain more strength. The Sky Pirates of Tyria now come out to challenge the might of Tyria's greatest heroes.
advertisement advertisement
The Dragon Bash is coming to an end, and with the assassination case now closed, players will follow the culprit to a secret hidden lair. It is here players will fight against a new enemy known as the Aetherblades. Once inside the lair, you will see that you are in a series of caverns littered with wooden posts and old parts of wrecked ships that make up the pirates' living quarters.
Once outside you can see a storm over the high seas
As you fight your way deeper into the lair, you will notice small bits of technology. At first it seems harmless. You'll see holographic projectors for pure entertainment at first. But the deeper you go, you realize pirates aren't the only threat you will face. The Aetherblades have allies within the Inquest.
Overall the Inquest aren't doing anything new. The Aetherblades pose the real threat, dishing out knockdown and conditions. The enemy groups are put together to coordinate their attacks so have your support skills at the ready. Without them you may end up wiping a few times.
I really enjoyed the fights. Having normal enemy encounters that made you think a bit more than usual is always great. But the real fun comes from the boss fights. The first one has players face off against some inquests. The fight seems to be pretty normal, but once you thin the group down to just the leader, he will retreat into a strange device in the very center of the room that protects him from your wrath.
Golems will pop up, and from the protective device, laser walls shoot out, and move counterclockwise. If you let the beam walls hit you, you'll take damage. If they hit the golem, it will receive buffs like a timed protective shield. Your party will need to move along with the laser to bring down the golem. But it doesn't end there. Two more golems show up, and a new set of laser walls circle the room. These new walls move much faster, but don't reach as high. Players can use the stacked boxes to let the laser walls pass underneath them to avoid damage. But don't stand in one spot too long, or the second laser wall will hit you.
This was such a good battle. It wasn't just a simple hack and slash experience. It got you moving around, keeping your attention more on your surroundings rather than your enemy. It definitely was an interesting design, much like the previous Molten Weapons Facility.
You finally catch up with Mai Trin, the culprit for the assassination, but she's not alone. Nothing makes a better partner in crime than a battle hungry Norn. Give that Norn a cannon to carry on his shoulder and you're in trouble! Mai starts to attack players, letting Horrik pick off members of your party with his cannon. Now Horrik will stay in one spot, so controlling him isn't an issue. Mai has a protective shield around her, only allowing electrical attacks to get through. Seems like a simple solution, take out Horrik and finish off the boss, right? Do that and Mai will only revive her partner. Players will have to use a different strategy.
As I mentioned, Mai has a shield that protects her from all non-electrical damage. You need a way to knock out that shield. That's where the cannon blasts come into play. By sticking close to Mai, she will be in the AoE range of Horrik's cannon attacks, knocking out her shields allowing players to start dealing some real damage.
The next stage in the fight happens whenever you take out about 25% worth of Mai's health. Both bosses jump out and take control of cannons that they fire down at your party. Each time this stage of the fight lasts longer. The final time will last about 90 seconds, so get get ready to dodge. Once Mai is down, she will surrender leaving just you and the trigger happy Horrik. Do as much damage as you possibly can, because as the fight draws out he gains stacks of fury.
After surrendering, Mai hangs her head in shame.
I loved this boss fight. We saw a 2 boss encounter in the Flame and Frost dungeon, and here we see it again. This wasn't planned however. Both development teams just happened to design their fights this way. I hope this does become a trend though.
Besides the dungeon, players will notice a new statue that was built to honor Cobiah Marriner, the founder of Lion's Arch, and the main character in the newest Guild Wars novel, Sea of Sorrows. Here players can start a scavenger hunt to find plaques scattered throughout Lion's Arch. You may have seen some of these plaques already pop up around the city. Inscribed on them are bits of history. If you can find them you will be rewarded with a consumable that gives 5 skill points. I don't want to say any more than that, so not to spoil the hunt for those who won't be using the Wiki to cheat.
A nice way to tie in the new lore of the game.
The Sky Pirates of Tyria is a neat little update. The main focus of course is the dungeon, featuring a new set of enemies, and unique boss fights that will surely be memorable. The dungeon will only be a temporary addition, so go party up and kick some pirate butt!
Want to win a free copy of Guild Wars 2 to take part in the piratical action? Go enter our giveaway now, before it ends on June 28th, 2013!
David North / David North is a freelance writer for MMORPG.com. David loves to play and makes games, but now he writes about them! If you want to creep on him and make fun of his ability to draw, follow him over on Twitter @David_the_North.
Read more of David's Guild Wars 2 coverage:
Fans of the late Anton Yelchin have the opportunity to celebrate a whole other side of the actor.
On Saturday evening, Star Trek stars including Chris Pine, John Cho and director J.J. Abrams traveled to the Other Gallery in Los Angeles were they were able to experience an artistic element of their friend.
Guests at the Anton Yelchin Photography Exhibit were able to explore 40 images from the photographer.
According to Extra, Anton's work has been described as "experimental, provocative and surrealist." Proceeds from the exhibit will go to the Anton Yelchin Foundation, which empowers children and filmmaking students.
Dakota Fanning and sister Elle Fanning, Demi Moore and Susan Sarandon were also spotted at the exhibit that is open to the public starting Monday all the way through December 31.
The audacity of federal Liberal promises often seems surpassed only by the government's audacity in breaking them: The entire electoral system was to be radically overhauled, only now it's staying the same; the middle class was to be saved from a non-existent crisis, only now it's to be grateful for barely existent tax cuts and some very existent tax hikes; the budget was to be balanced by 2019-20, only now it's projected to be balanced by never.
Not until this week, though, has the government been so bold as to demonstrate the necessity of a promise it made by way of going back on it.
Government should be transparent, in part so that people may see for themselves whether its words line up with its actions; for such a high-minded principle did the Liberals promise to make sweeping changes to the Access to Information Act. Only now, of course, they're declining to line their actions up with their words, tinkering with the Act in ways that minimally increase transparency and overhauling it in one way that causes great harm.
By declining to fulfil their commitment to open government, they obligingly illustrate its importance.
It's an innovative piece of performance art from a government that normally prefers its performances to be captured by the professional photographer accompanying the prime minister on his morning jogs. But do not dare question the spontaneity of the resulting images, lest your question be described as vexatious.
This is, after all, the bill's major attack on transparency: Departments can deny Access to Information requests if they consider the request “vexatious” or claim it would “unreasonably interfere with the operations of the government institution.”
“Vexatious” is an interesting word to use. It means, as far as I and the Oxford dictionary are aware, to “cause or tend to cause annoyance, frustration, or worry.” One might think that all inquiries worth making of a government would vex it. As for interference, interfering with the operations of a government institution whose operations can't withstand scrutiny is the point of making inquiries.
Like Woody Allen's heart, the government wants what it wants. And all the while, others want to hold it to account for its promise that it will be held to account. This is what the government finds vexing and interfering.
Broken promises are rarely so unpardonable. Whether a promise ought to be kept or ought to never have been made, it may be broken for any number of reasons. Perhaps there wasn't enough information available at the time it was given. Perhaps the information was available but the context wasn't properly understood. Or perhaps one party doesn't have the abilities it thought it did, or the strength to see the promise through.
It's a painful moment, being forced to confront the limits of foresight, reality or character. Obviously so when you're on the receiving end of the failure, but equally when the failure is yours.
Do not believe, though, that the government is having such a moment.
Rather than merely break a promise, and rather than merely break many, and not content even to take action that in the coldest and most calculating fashion is intended to make it easier to break more, the government maligns the motives of those who seek to hold it to its word on any matter important enough to cause it frustration.
This isn't the sort of broken promise that should be forgiven. Forgiveness isn't being requested; an accusation is being made. The accusation is designed to head questions about the accuser off at the pass to prevent inquiries from turning up facts embarrassing to itself, which might turn into accusations annoying to itself, which might interfere with “the operations of the government institution,” otherwise known as “whatever we would prefer you not to know about.”
The government's broken promise on transparency can only be called an exercise in gaslighting. And the really terrible thing — the vexing thing, you might say — is that it might work.
Shannon Gormley is an Ottawa Citizen global affairs columnist and freelance journalist. @Shannon Gormley
The famous Shiller PE ratio is once again at the center of much debate.
The measure -- which is based on 10-year, inflation-adjusted earnings -- indicates that stocks are once again extremely overvalued.
Detractors, like BofA/ML's David Bianco think the measure is useless because the Shiller number is distorted by writeoffs, and compares apples to oranges (stocks pre-and post-war, basically).
For investors, what matters is not whether stocks are "overvalued" or more expensive than they were in history, but whether using the ratio can actually make you money. In other words, should you sell when the ratio gets to high?
Anwiti Bahugana, Ph.D and Tom West of Columbia Management has run the numbers on this question, and their conclusions are interesting:
A general rule of investment proclaims that one must buy low and sell high. We tested this hypothesis using Shiller's P/E as a guide for market's cheapness. Using data from 1872 onwards, we ranked ordered P/Es and divided them into valuation quintiles. The most expensive quintile had valuations of more than 19x and the cheapest quintile with valuations less than 10x. As expected, buying stocks when valuations are the cheapest does indeed provide the best returns over the next 10 years. However, buying stocks when they are in the two uppermost (i.e., expensive) quartiles also returns about 6-8%. Results are about the same when we look at returns over the next 12-month period. Average returns are about 6% and median about 8%.
Here's their table:
This is a bit unsatisfying, but the general conclusion you could take away from this is... yes, it's better to buy stocks when they're "cheap" but at least historically, it hasn't made sense to sell stocks when they're expensive.
Stocks may be due for a tumble here, but the Shiller Ratio alone isn't enough.
3. Pierce showed he's still got something left at 38. Josh Smith started the game at power forward but Pierce finished it emphatically with his final three-pointer with 28 seconds left. Pierce made six of 11 shots and finished with a season-high 20 points—five times his average of 4.0 points entering the game. “I'm not the go-to scorer I was years back where they would give it to me in isolation,” Pierce said. “I do a good job really playing off our stars pretty much and that's what I was able to do today. I'm out there with J.J. and Chris Paul and D.J. and they're going to take most of the attention and I was able to take advantage of it.” Pierce also had a dunk in the first quarter. “I didn't see that coming, that's for sure,” said Rivers, who added that Pierce playing a season-high 27 minutes also allowed him to get in a rhythm. “I think part of it is on me as much as it is on him and I've been saying that all year,” Rivers said. “But it has to help his confidence and help him get in better rhythm with our guys.”
Two angry customers are seen on video attacking a restaurant owner and punching her 15-year-old daughter in the face over a complaint about their order.In the video, a man and a woman are seen apparently arguing with the woman who owns the restaurant because their food was cold and there weren't enough fries.The female customer goes into a frenzy and starts repeatedly punching the restaurant owner as the male customer stands by and watches.After a flurry of about 8 or 9 punches, she storms off. At the same time, a 15-year-old girl - the daughter of the restaurant owner - steps out of a vehicle and approaches the two.Without warning the heavyset man punches her hard in the face, knocking her down into a chair.The girl is able to stand back up again and is seen being comforted by several bystanders.The two suspects then drove off in a tan Cadillac Escalade. Paramedics treated the woman and daughter for their injuries.The incident happened Thursday, June 22, 2017, at a restaurant called the Quik Chik in Baxley, Georgia. Police say the video's timestamp indicating 2010 is inaccurate.Police are still looking for the two suspects.
The Bernie Sanders supporters were hatching an online plan to wage a protest inside a rally for Donald Trump when one cautioned that, even in the heat of a polarizing presidential campaign rife with overheated rhetoric, the government was watching.
"The Secret Service will be monitoring Facebook and other social media," the poster cautioned others as they planned a disruption inside a Southern California rally for the presumptive GOP nominee. "Be smart when posting. Any perceived threats will come with a knock at the door."
If the Secret Service was monitoring that conversation, it isn't saying. But combing through social media for potential threats amid one of the most divisive presidential campaigns in memory ultimately falls to the agency, as does provide in-person protection to Trump, Sanders and likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. It may be too much, even for an agency with a $2 billion budget and 3,200 special agents, say some experts.
"The Secret Service has a very difficult task," said James Reese, founder and chairman of leading security firm TigerSwan. "You can only secure so much, and the men and women in the agency work their butts off."
A failed attempt earlier this month by a British national to assassinate Trump reminded the public of the ever-present danger lurking at every rally, campaign stop and fund-raising dinner. Michael Sandford, 20, was arrested after trying to grab a cop's gun, which he allegedly told the Secret Service he had hoped to use to kill the developer.
It was not the first time angry opposition to Trump prompted violence: At a March campaign event, agents swarmed around Trump in Dayton, Ohio, after a man tried to storm the stage. It came a day after Trump canceled a Chicago rally on the advice of the Secret Service over safety concerns.
Even without an ongoing presidential campaign, the Secret Service is charged with protecting the president, vice president and their immediate families; former presidents and their spouses, visiting heads of state and high-ranking dignitaries and official representatives of the United States performing special missions abroad.
When wide-open fields compete for presidential nominations, a process overseen by the Secretary of Homeland Security determines which candidates get full protection. After the conventions, both major presidential and vice presidential candidates, as well as their spouses, are protected.
The rancorous campaigns and the explosion of social media, where any angry comments could potentially ripen into a full-blown threat, mean the heat, hate and potential for harm stalking Trump and Clinton has the Secret Service more taxed than ever.
“The Secret Service is now subject to things I have never seen before – threats, protesters storming the stage,” Dan Bongino, a 12-year veteran of the U.S. Secret Service who is currently running for a congressional seat in Florida, told FoxNews.com. “The left is now infatuated with the idea of suppressing free speech, and hell-bent on causing disruption. The agents are constantly operating in the red zone at a very heightened stress level.”
In March, Secret Service Director Joseph Clancy voiced his desperate need for more agents at the peak of the campaign season and told the House Appropriations Committee panel that his agency's ability to perform at the desired level was being hindered by increased attrition.
Recent scandals, such as the 2012 incident in which some agents on a presidential trip to Colombia were revealed to be involved with prostitutes, as well as the incident two years ago when a man was able to jump the White House fence and cross the yard into the presidential mansion before being captured, appear to be taking a toll on morale.
The Secret Service requires highly trained agents and equipment to provide airspace security, counter-surveillance, emergency response, counter assault, critical systems protection, explosive detection canine teams and counter-snipers.
The Secret Service has about 6,500 employees, which includes 3,200 Special Agents, 1,300 Uniformed Division Officers and 2,000 technical and administrative employees. The agency is seeking to add 1,100 more employees by 2019, but its biggest test may be just weeks away – when the two parties hold their conventions.
Professionals warn that the real concern comes not from the protesters themselves, but the distraction they cause – which could then leave a gaping hole for other opportunists to wreak havoc.
“Terrorists and others wait very patiently for moments like these to strike,” Bongino explained. “This is every agent's worst nightmare.”
A government official who requested anonymity due to the sensitive nature of the security apparatus told FoxNews.com the Secret Service has sought manpower help from other federal law enforcement agencies, but aid has been limited.
“They have had to request adjustments to meet the requirements, and can also receive help from other federal agencies,” said the source. “But all the agencies have manpower problems, so they help each other where they can. The reality is that agencies worry about their own missions first, so mutual support is limited.”
The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) has been known to help out with such things as pre-screening and bag checks at events for both presumptive nominees. Another federal intelligence source pointed out that the Secret Service commonly utilizes agents from other agencies, including ATF, FBI and local law enforcement while they take full control of "close protection."
The Secret Service has an intelligence division tasked with analyzing and investigating threats made against those under its protection – from deranged letters to disturbing phone calls to casual comments made on a Facebook feed. Although the agency does not provide details, it is known to use specialized social media tracking technology to discern between real and bogus threats.
It also maintains a vast database to report, analyze and store information that could indicate a potential threat to anyone under agency protection.
Monitoring social media for potential threats is just one aspect of the online challenge. The Secret Service also must protect candidates from hackers.
“Both candidates are highly valuable targets for cyberattackers. Further, this year's elections are taking place within a cybersecurity landscape never before seen in history,” said Gordon MacKay, chief technology officer for Digital Defense.
Security woes have been heightened further following reports this week that the Clinton Foundation was among the organizations infiltrated by suspected Russian hackers ahead of the election, potentially obtaining guarded information regarding the probable nominee. The Secret Service, FBI and NSA are all believed to be working the investigation.
However, Bongino insisted that the agency's Protective Intel Division has become particularly apt in determining what is credible and what is not in a fairly timely manner.
While one government insider acknowledged that “Trump has caused consternation among the Secret Service profilers due to his polarizing effect,” it isn't that far removed from the concerns raised during Obama's 2008 run.
“That was just as frightening due to the various domestic terrorist organizations that have platforms heavily built upon racism,” he said.
From the start of his campaign, Trump has hired his own various private security and intelligence detail, led by former law enforcement officials. But multiple sources say that the mogul's own detail is “irrelevant” to the work they do, as the Secret Service simply does not accept support from the private security sector.
And it's not just people on the payroll who are protecting the GOP candidate – armed citizen groups supporting Trump have also taken on “security” roles of their own.
"My bet is we ain't seen nothing yet,” said a member of "Lions for Trump." “The Secret Service can only do so much, and we know we need patriots ready to put their bodies on the line to protect this movement."
As for the fast approaching conventions, a spokesperson for the RNC stated that security is under the direction of the Secret Service and city of Cleveland and that the Host Committee isn't involved in the planning. The DNC referred the matter to the Philadelphia Mayor's Office, which did not respond to the comment request.
Secret Service spokeswoman Nicole Mainor told FoxNews.com that in preparing for the conventions, the agency employs a unified command model involving various agencies in various areas of expertise through the formation of subcommittees.
"The goal is to develop and implement a seamless security plan that will create a safe and secure environment," she said. "We train on a continuing basis so that each individual remains prepared to respond to any eventuality."
Like the Bernie Sanders supporter pointed out in an online forum, protest alone will not prompt action from the Secret Service. Should the anger develop into a threat against one of the candidates, the agency will respond.
"We make no distinction on the purpose, message or intent of any particular group," Mainor said. “If individuals or groups decide to act unlawfully, plans have been put in place to efficiently address them."
One of the Most
Tony Award®-Winning
Musicals in History!
2018 TONY AWARD WINNER FOR BEST MUSICAL
THE BAND'S VISIT is the winner of 10 Tony Awards, making it one of the most Tony-winning musicals in history. It is also a 2019 Grammy Awards® winner for Best Musical Theater Album. In this delightfully offbeat story, set in a town that's way off the beaten path, a band of musicians arrives lost, out of the blue. Under the spell of the desert sky, and with beautiful music perfuming the air, the band brings the town to life in unexpected and tantalizing ways. Even the briefest visit can stay with you forever.
With a score that seduces your soul and sweeps you off your feet, and featuring Tony-winning performances and thrillingly talented onstage musicians, THE BAND'S VISIT rejoices in the way music makes us laugh, makes us cry, and ultimately, brings us together.
The Grammy Award® Winning Original Broadway Cast Recording is now available from Ghostlight Records.
Download the Album Order the CD
At least two people have been killed and two injured after a suicide bomber blew themselves up next to a number of foreign consulates in the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad, authorities said. The diplomatic missions possibly affected include those of Iran, India and Pakistan.
The attacker attempted to join a line of people applying for visas to Pakistan, Reuters cited a spokesman for the regional governor as saying. When the man was prevented from entering the building, he detonated the explosive device, the official added.
According to police, officers are currently battling gunmen in a house close to the Pakistani consulate.
BREAKING NEWS: Explosion and gun fire heard near Pakistan consulate in Nangarhar. Officials still to confirm. — TOLOnews (@TOLOnews) January 13, 2016
The area around the Pakistani consulate has been sealed off following the suicide attack, police told Reuters, adding that there may be casualties from the blast.
Local residents and children from a nearby school have been evacuated, witnesses said.
The blast killed at least five policemen and injured another 11 people, including schoolchildren, security sources told Afghan TV channel TOLOnews.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Once as highly regarded as cosmonauts, ballerinas and nuclear scientists, Russian circus stars have wowed generations.
Princess Stephanie of Monaco poses with members of Mayarov and Nikulin circus companies ahead of the opening of the 33nd International Circus Festival of Monte Carlo in Monaco, January 11, 2009. REUTERS/Jean-Pierre Amet
But the lure of high-wire acts, slapstick clowns, lion tamers, dancing elephants and exotic beasts for modern audiences is being eclipsed by the trend-setting innovations of the Cirque du Soleil.
Behind the scenes at Moscow's Nikulin Circus, spinning acrobats and a juggler on a unicycle practice amid a cacophony of music and raised voices. A big grey elephant calmly awaits a turn in the ring. The stench of the menagerie is overpowering.
“It's getting harder to impress people,” complained Yulia Silantyeva, a big cat trainer, who comes from a large family of big top performers. “It (the Russian circus) is losing its strong standing.”
Under the Soviet Union, Russian circuses held a stature on a par with its globally renowned opera and ballet, touring internationally and boasting of visits from the Russian elite, including Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev, whose daughter ran off with a circus acrobat at 22.
“Brezhnev was the country's last leader to visit the circus... This is not the attitude the circus deserves,” said circus manager Maxim Nikulin, who followed in the footsteps of his father, Yuri, a beloved and world-renowned clown and actor whose portrait graces a Russian stamp.
As prestige has faded and state support dried up, the best performers have moved abroad, in a run on talent akin to the so-called brain-drain of scientists and engineers who have also deserted mother Russia.
Many performers have defected to the Montreal-based Cirque du Soleil — the new gold standard in acrobatic arts.
Russians now make up about 35 percent of the Cirque du Soleil's 1,200-person crew of artists. Talent from other post-Soviet states also make up much of its troupe.
MY DREAM
Russian acrobat Ruslan Yakimolin, dressed in a unitard during a rehearsal for one of the Cirque's shows, trained at the Moscow Circus but said he had not a moment's hesitation when le Cirque invited him to move to Canada two years ago.
“It was always my dream to join the Cirque du Soleil, they invited me and now I'm here,” Yakimolin said, catching his breath following a series of daring somersaults.
The 27-year-old Cirque du Soleil came to Moscow with its first show just three years ago, but already Russia is its fastest-growing market.
The mega circus is two weeks away from launching its most expensive production ever, a $57-million extravaganza entitled Zarkana, at Moscow's Kremlin Palace.
The venue itself is monumental: Built on the orders of Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev and used for Communist party congresses, it is a 6,000-seat theater inside the Kremlin walls.
Zarkana will command the space for more than three months — much longer than most typical theater and dance shows.
“We have had four shows in Moscow in 27 months, that's the quickest expansion of Cirque du Soleil anywhere in the world in the last 10 years,” Craig Cohon, co-founder of Cirque du Soleil in Russia, told a press conference Wednesday.
“There is a huge opportunity here,” he said.
The outfit, founded by former circus performer turned billionaire and space tourist Guy Laliberte, is expected to decide in April whether to open a permanent show in Moscow.
But Cohon rejects suggestions that Cirque du Soleil is stealing viewers away from the traditional Russia circus — not least because tickets to its show are four times as costly as Nikulin's performances, whose cheapest tickets go for $13.
“It's a completely different type of entertainment,” he said.
Despite the richness and special effects of the Cirque's luxurious adult shows, Nikulin's performers say animals, clowns and other traditional acts will continue to have the power to captivate children.
“Cirque du Soleil clearly attracts the best talents from the local circuses and many leaves,” said Silantyeva, whose boyfriend has been recruited to the Cirque du Soleil.
“But the Russian circus, Russian animals, Russian clowns remain. They are something viewers are used to and what our circus is world-renowned for.”
blog | oilshell.org
The Riskiest Part of the Project
Status Update
The table in Measuring Progress with Tests shows these stats:
573 total tests, 375 passing, 136 failing (as of March 22nd)
After writing that post, I spent a few days grinding away at the spec tests. I made a fresh run, and the bottom row is:
601 total tests, 406 passing, and 146 failing
Implementing features in a test-driven manner was such a smooth process that I felt I could work on something else. I like to "de-risk" projects by tackling the hard parts early.
In particular, it's important to make global architectural changes before there's too much code. For example, translating shell to Oil led me to use the Lossless Syntax Tree representation. If I hadn't made that change two months ago, it would have broken the features I just implemented.
What Remains
So what is now the riskiest part of the project?
I've mostly designed the Oil language, but I haven't implemented it, so that could be a risk. But I have implemented and tested OSH, so I view it as a matter of work and not risk. The Oil language design has already been influential in the Ion shell, part of Redox OS, which is some amount of validation.
I think the biggest risk is breaking the dependency on the Python interpreter. It affects all the code, and I haven't had a clear idea on how to do it.
Why Shouldn't Oil run on Top of CPython?
A shell should be simpler and smaller than Python. The biggest shell is bash, at 150K lines, while CPython's core alone is 148K lines. With the Modules/ directory, Python is 444K lines. Shells are required on machines where Python isn't, like Android phones and other embedded devices. Shell resides at a lower level of the OS stack than Python. The Python interpreter starts slowly. If you import many modules, it may take hundreds of milliseconds to get to main() . A full second isn't unheard of. Shell programming is about lightweight processes, and that includes the shell itself. Python 3's handling of Unicode is awkward for a shell. The shell often deals with filenames, and Unix file systems don't have a standard encoding. The shell can treat filenames as opaque byte strings in most cases. The Python interpreter does some things with signals that we don't want, like turning them into exceptions. I want the Oil interpreter to be a library and have an API in the style of Lua. I don't want to expose Python-C API to users.
In retrospect, I see that the OSH code has markers of two half-formed plans to break the Python dependency.
There are C++-isms in the parser, like out parameters, and return codes rather than exceptions. I thought this would make possible an automated translation from Python to C++, in the style of bootstrapping Go by translating C to Go. Another plan involved using the OHeap serialization format to bridge Python and C++. Last month, I stated a goal of using it to write a vertical slice of the shell runtime in C++. Essentially, I was putting off the parser port and concentrating on the runtime port, which left more unknowns in the future.
Although vague, either of these plans could have worked with enough effort. But over the last two weeks, I experimented with a more general solution. I believe it will not only work, but cost less to implement and even benefit end users.
Tomorrow I will describe what this solution is.
Cuts to the Bank of Canada overnight lending rate appear to be the driver behind consumers ratcheting up their debt, which Statistics Canada said Thursday reached record levels in the four quarter of 2014.
[np_storybar title=”Four myths about Canadian household debt — and a few unpleasant truths” link=”https://business.financialpost.com/2015/03/03/four-myths-about-canadian-household-debt-and-a-few-unpleasant-truths/”%5D
Few financial issues create as much angst in this country as household debt. So how bad is it? BMO crunches the numbers
[/np_storybar]
Household debt to disposable income was 163.3% at the end of the last quarter but the increase comes as household net worth increased 7.5%.
Doug Porter, chief economist with Bank of Montreal, predicts the debt to income number will push higher in the coming months albeit not as much in Alberta where low oil prices continue to threaten the economy.
“It's partly fuelled by the Bank of Canada's rate cut and party fuelled by the strength in the Toronto and Vancouver housing market,” said Mr. Porter.
New data from the Teranet-National Bank House Price Index, also released Thursday, show prices continue to increase in those two cities, with Vancouver existing home prices up 5.7% in February from a year ago and Toronto up 7.3% during the same period.
But most of the 11 markets across the country surveyed in the index have slowed or declined in value with the national index up only 4.4% from a year ago.
Mr. Porter noted that with interest rates still very low — below 3% for long-term mortgages fixed for five years — the current debt is mostly manageable.
“The concern is where do we go from here. Longer term, where is the room for the consumer to lead the way?” said Mr. Porter. “It's not a clear and present danger.”
He also emphasized in a note to clients that consumer debt is still not at the high reached in the United States because the way we calculate the ratio is different in Canada. Using the American formula, Canada's household debt is 153% of disposable income compared to the 165% the U.S. reached at its peak.
The net worth part of the Statistics Canada release also shows that many Canadians who are not in debt continue to grow wealthier with the federal agency noting that household net worth on a per capital basis was $233,000 in the fourth quarter.
“Those who are not in debt are doing quite well and, if anything, household assets are at at an all-time high,” said Mr. Porter.
Marc Pinsonneault, an economist with National Bank of Canada, said while house prices have pulled back in most parts of the country, sales continue to climb and that has helped push up debt levels.
“The debt to income ratio was not increasing in the last few quarters [until] the last one and I assume it is because residential [debt] has increased more than revenues,” said Mr. Pinsonneault.
Diana Petramala, an economist with Toronto-Dominion Bank, expects that debt will continue to rise until housing activity starts to slow.
“The modest pick-up in household borrowing over the second half of 2014 is largely consistent with accelerating consumer spending and a robust turnaround in the Canadian housing market in the summer of last year. Looking forward, a combination of lower interest rates and weak income gains are expected to translate into a further increase in the debt-to-income ratio in the first half of 2015,” she said.
She added that credit card delinquency rates are at record low levels, while only 0.28% of Canadian mortgages were in arrears 90 days or more in October.
Get the Recipe Tortilla Española (Spanish Egg and Potato Omelette)
More Eggs Buying tips, techniques, and recipes, no matter how you like them.
Here's a challenge for you: Name one dish that can be eaten as a snack, an appetizer, and a main course; that's equally delicious both hot and cold; that almost anyone would be happy to eat at any time of day or night; that is just as perfect for your kid's lunchbox as it is alongside a stiff drink; that's considered as much the domain of home cooks as of restaurant chefs; and that's composed of only a few very ordinary ingredients.
Pizza comes close, but, as good as cold pizza is, let's face it—it's better hot. I've been thinking about this for several days now, and the only good answer I can come up with is Spain's famed tortilla española, also sometimes called tortilla de patatas.
Made with egg, potato, olive oil, and sometimes onion, it's one of those rare dishes that demonstrate how a handful of household ingredients can be transformed from ho-hum to exceptional with just a little bit of good technique. It may seem hard to get jazzed about an egg and potato omelette, but, when made well, tortilla española is one of the greatest of egg dishes. No wonder the Spanish find just about any excuse to eat it.
The hard part, as one might expect when dealing with a national dish made by millions of cooks in Spain and abroad, is that there are many ideas about what a tortilla española should be. In both my travels and my recipe research, I've seen ones as thin as pancakes and others as thick as cheese wheels. I've seen some made with onions and some without. I've seen the potatoes fried vigorously until crisp and browned—Ferran Adrià famously put potato chips in his—and, alternatively, cooked gently to the point of falling apart. Once they're cut open, I've seen some tortillas ooze loose egg and others that are solid all the way through. Clearly, there's no one right way to do it.
This, then, is the way I like it: nice and thick, with onions, the potatoes cooked slowly in oil until they're silky and softened, and the egg moist and custardy but not runny in the center.
Here's what you need to know to make it at home.
Step 1: Salt Your Eggs
This is not the first step you'll see in most tortilla española recipes, but there's a good reason to change that. Contrary to popular belief, pre-salting eggs doesn't thin them and turn them watery; it actually helps them retain moisture during cooking (more on the science of that here). Once I've added a generous pinch of salt and beaten the eggs very well, I set them aside while I get to work on the rest of the tortilla.
Step 2: Cook Your Potatoes and, Yes, Onions
Next, peel and slice the potatoes and onions thinly. I like Yukon Golds for their smoother, less starchy texture, but you can use russets, too. The onions are a contentious topic among Spanish cooks, and some will swear that including them invalidates the recipe. ("It's tortilla de patatas, not patatas y cebollas," they'll say.) That may be, but if so, an onion-y tortilla española is the most delicious version of wrong I've ever tasted. Slowly cooked in the oil with the potatoes, the onions are melting and sweet, but they also serve another important function: They add moisture to the tortilla. I like to think of them as an insurance policy against dryness. Even if you accidentally cook the tortilla a little more than you intended, those pockets of moisture guarantee it won't taste that way.
Now comes the most extravagant part of the recipe: frying in oil. It's extravagant because you need a lot of oil here—my recipe calls for about two cups, and it's 100% olive oil, which isn't exactly cheap. Some modern recipes for home cooks use significantly less oil, but it just doesn't come out the same. I like to go the traditional route here.
I have a few things to say in defense of this. First, it's essential to bathe the potatoes and onions in ample oil so that everything tenderizes evenly and so that oil flavor can work its way into all of the vegetables. Second, you should feel free to use a less expensive olive oil here: Heating it kills off most of the nuanced flavors of the pricier oils anyway. And third, you end up draining the cooked potatoes and onions, and the leftover oil is even more delicious than before; it can be used again in other dishes (or to fry subsequent batches of potato and onion for more tortillas, which you will want to make). Ultimately, none of it goes to waste.
I heat the oil until it's shimmering, then add all of the potatoes and onions to the skillet. At first, they won't all seem to fit, but with a little stirring, they'll compress as they cook. I keep it just hot enough that the oil is bubbling around all the pieces of food, but not so hot that it's frying vigorously. Once done, the potatoes will be extremely tender and breaking apart, and the onions will be smooth as silk. This takes about 20 minutes.
I find that the texture of the cooked potatoes plays a critical role in how the tortilla turns out. When tortilla española is made with firmer slices of potato that retain their shape, what you end up with is an omelette that has a very clear divide between egg and filling. There are sections of egg, and then sections of potato. This approach makes it more difficult to form and flip the tortilla, since the eggy part is so loose and runny. But when the potatoes are partially broken down, they mix into the egg and thicken it. (The residual heat from the potatoes and onions also helps thicken the eggs slightly.)
The tortilla is easier to form and flip with the thicker batter, and the interior has much less of a clear demarcation between potato and egg: Instead, it has a delicious cohesion, with larger bits of potato and onion studded throughout.
Once they're done, I drain the potatoes and onions through a mesh strainer, saving that oil for later use. When they're free of excess oil, I season the potatoes and onions well—a bland potato and egg dish will never be a good one.
Step 3: Froth Eggs, Then Mix in Potato and Onion
I give the eggs one final vigorous beating to froth them up, which helps create an airier tortilla later, and then mix the potato and egg in.
Some people swear that you should let the potato-egg mixture sit for a half hour or more before cooking, but I don't have the patience for that, and I haven't noticed any major difference in batches left to sit longer. (In fact, letting the potato mixture cool too much can make it harder to cook the tortilla, as the cold mixture will take longer to set in the center of a thick tortilla.) I give it about five minutes or so, which is more or less how long it takes to clean out the skillet—a 10-inch one, for my recipe—and heat a few tablespoons of the reserved oil in it.
A note on the skillet: Traditionally, this would all be done in a carbon steel skillet, and, if you have one that's well seasoned, you certainly can use it here for both the frying and the omelette-cooking steps. If not, nonstick is your best option. I use the nonstick for both steps. (The potatoes and eggs will ensure that the nonstick surface never reaches dangerous vaporization temperatures, even if you place the pan over high heat.)
Step 4: Cook, Shake, Swirl
When the oil in the skillet is hot, I scrape the egg mixture in, shaking and swirling the pan to keep the tortilla in motion. Heat regulation is important here: Too hot, and the surface may burn before the egg has cooked through; not hot enough, and you won't get much browning.
Step 5: Form
As soon as the egg is noticeably thicker, I take a spatula and push it in all around the sides. The idea is to start giving the tortilla its characteristic puck-like shape. The more solid the egg gets, the more it will hold that shape. Ultimately, though, the key to getting the shape right is to flip the tortilla.
Step 6: Flip
Flipping is the part about making a tortilla española that most people dread, but it's not too hard, and it's essential for getting just the right shape and texture. Skipping the flip and using the broiler to cook the top of the tortilla has a tendency to puff it up and create a very different texture from the one you're after here.
Exactly when you flip, and how many times you do it, is a matter of personal preference. If you want a runny center, you'll need to attempt a flip while the egg is still fairly loose in the center. If you want it well done, you can wait until the egg is more set. I try to take a middle road, with the center and top still slightly fluid, which should yield a custardy center when it's finished.
For those who are uncomfortable with the flip, doing it just once may be more than enough. But if you have the technique down, flipping back and forth a few times can be helpful in creating a creamier center from edge to edge: Much like with flipping a steak, the more times you turn the tortilla, the more the heat building up near the surface can dissipate, preventing those sub-surface layers from cooking as much as they otherwise would. If you feel up to the task, flipping more is a good idea.
To do it, you'll want to set a plate with a shallow (or no) rim, a flat lid, or some other firm, flat surface upside down on top of the tortilla; it can be larger than the pan by a few inches, but it must, at a minimum, be slightly larger than the tortilla itself. Then lift the skillet up, place your hand flat on top of the plate, and, in one very quick motion, rotate so the plate is on the bottom. The faster you do this, the better, since hesitation and slowness are exactly the things that will lead to your tortilla slipping out and hitting the floor. I'd recommend doing this over the sink or a garbage can just in case of any drips. Holding the plate or lid with a dish towel is also advisable. (Remember: That tortilla is hot!)
After you've successfully flipped it, add another tablespoon or two of reserved oil to the pan, then carefully slide the tortilla back into it. Use the spatula again to press in on the sides and reinforce that puck shape.
At this point, you need to cook the tortilla only long enough to set the bottom (again, flipping it one or two more times, if you wish, until it's done). Leave it a little longer if you want a more fully cooked center (called cuajada in Spanish) or less if you want it runny (jugosa or babosa, as they say).
Then you can either carefully slide the tortilla out of the skillet onto a serving plate, or flip it out onto a serving plate using the same technique as before.
How you eat it—hot, cold, in small cubes as an hors d'oeuvre, in a hefty wedge for dinner—is entirely up to you (though, however you serve it, I'd recommend a generous dollop of homemade allioli on the side). The options are endless.
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
Today's Music News Zep without Plant Page's manager discusses possible tour and album for Zep mark II 07 January 2009 - Legendary rock manager Peter Mensch has been discussing his client Jimmy Page's plans to reform Led Zeppelin without Robert Plant.
According to Mensch, Jimmy Page, bassist John Paul Jones and Jason Bonham - the son of original Zep drummer John Bonham - look likely to tour, and there's even talk of recording an album.
“People don't really understand it,” Mensch told 6 Music, “Jimmy Page has been playing guitar professionally since he was 16 years old. Jimmy Page likes being a musician. That's what he does! He doesn't want to be a race car driver or a solicitor.
“So they [Page, Jones, Bonham] did the show with Robert Plant; they had a really good time rehearsing, the three of them, before Robert showed up.
“And they decided that if they could find a singer that they thought would fit their bill – whatever their bill was at this stage in their career – that they'd make a record and go on tour.
“And I support that because, why not? That's what Jimmy Page does. That's his job, his hobby, his vocation.” "They decided if they could find a singer that they thought would fit their bill... that they'd make a record and go on tour."
Peter Mensch
Mensch – whose company Q Prime also represents Metallica, Red Hot Chili Peppers and Snow Patrol – also revealed that the band have yet to find a replacement for Plant: “John Paul Jones and Jimmy Page enjoy playing with each other, Jason Bonham is a really good drummer so why not? We just need to find a singer.”
Despite a list of rumoured vocalists that includes Aerosmith's Steven Tyler, Chris Cornell from Soundgarden and Myles Kennedy from relative unknowns Alter Bridge, Mensch wouldn't confirm any names.
“I can't comment on any rumours right now,” Mensch continued, “It's gonna be a long and difficult process. And we're not soliciting people! So don't call me about it!”
Similarly, it's not known whether the new outfit would be touring under the banner Led Zeppelin or a new name.
A reaction
Since this story was first published (7 January), Peter Mensch spoke to MusicRadar.com saying that there are now no plans for a reunion without Plant.
"They tried out a few singers, but no one worked out,” he explained. “That was it. The whole thing is completely over now. There are absolutely no plans for them to continue. Zero. Frankly, I wish everybody would stop talking about it."
Mensch concluded: "Led Zeppelin are over! If you didn't see them in 2007, you missed them. It's done. I can't be any clearer than that."
Back in September 2008, singer Robert Plant said he had no plans to work with Led Zeppelin while he was recording and touring with the bluegrass singer Alison Krauss, with whom he created the Mercury nominated album Raising Sands.
To hear more from this interview listen again to the
Matt Everitt 07 January 2009 - Legendary rock manager Peter Mensch has been discussing his client Jimmy Page's plans to reform Led Zeppelin without Robert Plant.According to Mensch, Jimmy Page, bassist John Paul Jones and Jason Bonham - the son of original Zep drummer John Bonham - look likely to tour, and there's even talk of recording an album.“People don't really understand it,” Mensch told 6 Music, “Jimmy Page has been playing guitar professionally since he was 16 years old. Jimmy Page likes being a musician. That's what he does! He doesn't want to be a race car driver or a solicitor.“So they [Page, Jones, Bonham] did the show with Robert Plant; they had a really good time rehearsing, the three of them, before Robert showed up.“And they decided that if they could find a singer that they thought would fit their bill – whatever their bill was at this stage in their career – that they'd make a record and go on tour.“And I support that because, why not? That's what Jimmy Page does. That's his job, his hobby, his vocation.”Mensch – whose company Q Prime also represents Metallica, Red Hot Chili Peppers and Snow Patrol – also revealed that the band have yet to find a replacement for Plant: “John Paul Jones and Jimmy Page enjoy playing with each other, Jason Bonham is a really good drummer so why not? We just need to find a singer.”Despite a list of rumoured vocalists that includes Aerosmith's Steven Tyler, Chris Cornell from Soundgarden and Myles Kennedy from relative unknowns Alter Bridge, Mensch wouldn't confirm any names.“I can't comment on any rumours right now,” Mensch continued, “It's gonna be a long and difficult process. And we're not soliciting people! So don't call me about it!”Similarly, it's not known whether the new outfit would be touring under the banner Led Zeppelin or a new name.Since this story was first published (7 January), Peter Mensch spoke to MusicRadar.com saying that there are now no plans for a reunion without Plant."They tried out a few singers, but no one worked out,” he explained. “That was it. The whole thing is completely over now. There are absolutely no plans for them to continue. Zero. Frankly, I wish everybody would stop talking about it."Mensch concluded: "Led Zeppelin are over! If you didn't see them in 2007, you missed them. It's done. I can't be any clearer than that."Back in September 2008, singer Robert Plant said he had no plans to work with Led Zeppelin while he was recording and touring with the bluegrass singer Alison Krauss, with whom he created the Mercury nominated album Raising Sands.To hear more from this interview listen again to the Music Week or download the Music Week podcast Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
Thursday, the story of the Kentucky county clerk who refused to issue marriage licenses (now that same-sex couples can marry) reached its inevitable conclusion. Having been turned away by the Supreme Court, Davis was out of legal options for delaying the moment of truth: She had to either obey a court order to issue marriage licenses, including licenses to same-sex couples, or be in contempt of court.
She chose contempt and has been jailed, while her office has begun issuing licenses in her absence. Federal Judge David Bunning had the lesser option of fining her, but concluded (correctly, I think) that fines would simply delay the resolution of the case: Davis would not pay them and would continue showing contempt for the court's order, forcing Bunning to jail her at some later date.
Response. Presidential candidates courting the religious-right vote immediately began characterizing Davis as a martyr for her beliefs. Ted Cruz issued a statement beginning with this line:
Today, judicial lawlessness crossed into judicial tyranny. Today, for the first time ever, the government arrested a Christian woman for living according to her faith.
Mike Huckabee compared Davis to Abraham Lincoln, who “disregarded the Dred Scott 1857 decision that said black people aren't fully human.” [1] He also tweeted that “Kim Davis in federal custody removes all doubts about the criminalization of Christianity in this country”, and is planning a rally tomorrow outside the jail where she's being held. (Some other Republican candidates have been less supportive. Lindsey Graham has been the most blunt: “As a public official, comply with the law or resign.”)
Other voices on the right portray Davis in larger-than-life terms. RedState.com founder Erick Erickson sees her case as a harbinger of civil war. Conservative Review‘s Daniel Horowitz casts Davis as this era's Rosa Parks, and Steve Deace wants her to run for president. (Critics compare her to a different character in the civil rights movement: George Wallace standing in the doorway of the University of Alabama, unsuccessfully trying to block integration.)
Martyrdom. The Christian tradition is rich with martyr stories, going all the way back to the stoning of Stephen and the imprisonment of Paul in the New Testament. In the Lutheran school I attended through eighth grade, we were sometimes asked to imagine facing a choice between denying our faith and punishment or death. (I have heard similar stories from Catholics.) Like Muslim suicide bombers, we were promised glories in Heaven that would more than compensate for any earthly suffering.
But is that what's happening here? Does Kim Davis deserve the enthusiastic admiration of conservative Christians, and even the grudging respect of those who disagree with the stand she's taking? Or is she undermining the rule of law and usurping the powers of her office to implement her personal religious agenda? [2]
What the judge said. Before deciding that question, it's worthwhile to examine the court order she's defying. In that order, Judge Bunning considers Davis' arguments and explains why he is rejecting them.
Davis argues that by signing a license for a same-sex marriage, she would be expressing approval of such marriages, which her religion denies. Bunning counters:
The form does not require the county clerk to condone or endorse same-sex marriage on religious or moral grounds. It simply asks the county clerk to certify that the information provided is accurate and that the couple is qualified to marry under Kentucky law. Davis' religious convictions have no bearing on this purely legal inquiry.
(Let me amplify that a little: Marriage-under-the-law and marriage-in-the-eyes-of-God have always been two different concepts. No one is asking Davis to affirm that same-sex marriages are valid in the eyes of God.)
A footnote spells out what the legal qualifications are:
A couple is “legally qualified” to marry if both individuals are over the age of eighteen, mentally competent, unrelated to each other and currently unmarried.
Davis also protests on free-speech grounds, claiming that an order that she sign the license form is compelled speech banned by the First Amendment. Bunning disagrees:
Because her speech (in the form of her refusal to issue marriage licenses) is a product of her official duties, it likely is not entitled to First Amendment protection.
In support of this view, he quotes a precedent from 1971:
When a citizen enters government service, the citizen by necessity must accept certain limitations on his or her freedom.
And Bunning does not see a violation of the First Amendment's free-exercise-of-religion guarantee:
Davis remains free to practice her Apostolic Christian beliefs. She may continue to attend church twice a week, participate in Bible Study and minister to female inmates at the Rowan County Jail. She is even free to believe that marriage is a union between one man and one woman, as many Americans do. However, her religious convictions cannot excuse her from performing the duties that she took an oath to perform as Rowan County Clerk.
Bunning does not mention this quote, but the principle goes back to an 1892 decision in which Oliver Wendell Holmes ruled against a policeman fired for something he said:
The petitioner may have a constitutional right to talk politics, but he has no constitutional right to be a policeman.
Davis is perfectly free to practice her religion in her personal life, but when she assumes the role of a public official, she has to act according to law. [3]
Cashing in? Hypocrisy? It's a safe bet that St. Paul's imprisonment wasn't part of his grand plan to become a celebrity and get rich. But Dan Savage has been making this prediction since Davis first hit the headlines:
No one is stating the obvious: this isn't about Kim Davis standing up for her supposed principles—proof in a moment—it's about Kim Davis cashing in. There's a big pile of sweet, sweet bigot money out there waiting for her. If the owners of a pizza parlor could raise a million dollars just by threatening not to cater the gay wedding no one asked them to cater… just imagine how much of that sweet, sweet bigot money Kim Davis is going to rake in. I'm sure Kim Davis is already imagining it.
In an interview on MSNBC, Savage spelled it out:
She will have written for her a ghost-written book, she will go on the lecture circuit, and she'll never have to do an honest day's work again.
Savage's “proof in a moment” is a reference to Davis' own checkered marital history: She's been married four times and divorced three times, a practice which (unlike homosexuality) is explicitly condemned by Jesus in the Gospels.
Ad hoc purity. I have a more general complaint than hypocrisy, one that applies not just to government officials like Davis, but also to the baker [4] and florist who have been claiming persecution when they are not allowed to discriminate against same-sex couples: Their position relies on two principles, and one of them they just made up for this purpose.
The first principle is the one right-wing Christians always want to focus on: Homosexuality is sinful. Whether or not the rest of us agree, it's incontestable that they believe it and have for a long, long time.
But since no one is asking them to commit homosexual acts, that principle by itself doesn't create an issue. Their position requires a second principle: Christians should live according to a standard of purity that doesn't allow them to involve themselves in other people's sins.
Kim Davis has to imagine a pretty broad purity zone around herself, if verifying that two men are “over the age of eighteen, mentally competent, unrelated to each other and currently unmarried” involves her in the sin of their homosexuality. And the bakers who won't sell a cake to a same-sex wedding reception — giving them no connection whatsoever to the actual marriage ceremony — must have an even broader purity zone.
Now, there are religious people who try to live their lives according to extremely high standards of purity (like the Jain monks who wear masks so as not to kill any tiny insects they might otherwise breath in). But that does not include any of the right-wing Christians who are claiming persecution. Their Christian practice did not require an expanded purity zone until now, and even now it only applies to situations that involve gays.
For example, apparently the clerks who gave Kim Davis her marriage licenses didn't balk at the fact that (according to Jesus) some of those marriages were adulterous. I'll bet she didn't have any trouble renting a hall or buying flowers or cakes. Even the most conservative Christians simply didn't care about this kind of purity before same-sex marriage became legal, and still don't care about it in any other context.
Here's what that says to me: This isn't about religion, not when it depends on a “sincerely held belief” that was invented solely for this purpose. So either it's about personal animus against gays, or it's about protesting the politics of same-sex marriage. Neither is the kind of moral nor constitutional issue that Kim Davis' defenders want to make it.
[1] I'm not sure which act of Lincoln's Huckabee is referring to, and I suspect he doesn't know either. Dred Scott laid out some general principles about slavery before Lincoln was elected, but what specifically did the Supreme Court order Lincoln to do? How did he defy that order?
[2] As satirized in this image and this story from The Onion. I suspect conservative Christians are picturing a world in which only conservative Christian public officials have the right to bend their duties around their religion. But a friend suggested this example, which corresponds pretty well to the Davis case: What if a Jewish meat inspector decides that his religious convictions require him to reject all pork? I've also seen this example: What if an official refuses to issue hunting and fishing licenses, because he takes “Thou shalt not kill” literally?
Some of the Kim Davis satire doesn't have a political point, it's just funny. For more humor, check out the hijacked #FreeKimDavis tag on Twitter.
[3] A common complaint by conservative pundits is that liberals are fine with liberal officials ignoring laws. President Obama's recent executive orders on immigration are a frequently cited example. But there are some significant differences between the two cases, as becomes clear when you compare the justifications.
Obama's action is justified in a memo from the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel (which I summarized at the time). Unlike Davis, the OLC memo never appeals to an authority higher than the law.
Instead, the memo outlines the executive branch's strategy for handling the impossible situation Congress has created: The law would deport 11.3 million undocumented immigrants, but Congress has provided funding for dealing with only a tiny fraction of that number. Consequently, the administration must prioritize whom to deport.
When a court disagreed with the administration's reasoning and issued an injunction against parts of the order, the administration stopped implementing it — except for one mix-up, which is being rectified without the judge needing to fine or jail anyone for contempt.
[4] As Dan Savage might have predicted, the bakers have made out like bandits. In the United States, being persecuted as a Christian is extremely profitable.
HOUSTON (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Wednesday halted a plan to allow fracking on public lands in central California, saying a federal agency's environmental plan should have taken a “hard look” at the potential impact of the process.
A pumpjack brings oil to the surface in the Monterey Shale, California, in this file photo dated April 29, 2013. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
The ruling, by U.S. District Judge Michael Fitzgerald, was at least the second setback in three years for fracking in California and came as the Obama administration's rules for hydraulic fracturing on federal lands have been tied up in another court.
The U.S. Department of the Interior's Bureau of Land Management (BLM), which periodically leases out land to private producers, offered a plan that would have allowed fracking on about a quarter of new wells drilled on some 1 million acres across central California.
The final outcome is not clear as Judge Fitzgerald asked both sides for a further briefing on Sept. 21 as the case enters its remedy phase.
But it could be similar to that a 2013 case in which a federal judge ruled that the BLM violated the National Environmental Policy Act when it issued oil leases in California's Monterey County without considering the environmental dangers of fracking.
Since that ruling, the BLM has refrained from holding any lease sales in that area until it completes an environmental review of the risks of fracking, said one of the plaintiffs in the cases, the Center for Biological Diversity.
California has long had an oil and gas industry, but it has trailed Texas, Oklahoma and North Dakota in fracking. Industry experts say that stems from regulatory uncertainty and more complex geology in California.
Fracking, currently regulated by states, involves injection of large amounts of water, sand and chemicals underground at high pressure to extract oil or natural gas.
A federal judge in Wyoming in June struck down the Obama administration's rules for fracking on public lands, holding that Congress had not delegated to the BLM the authority to regulate it. That ruling is under appeal.
The BLM's rules, issued in their final form in March 2015, required companies to provide data on chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing and to take steps to prevent leakage from oil and gas wells on federally owned land.
Environmental groups, while acknowledging that most fracking happens on private lands, said the BLM rules should be stronger.
The case is No. CV-15-4378 in United States District Court, Central District of California.
A MELBOURNE train driver was hugged and comforted by her passengers after she tearfully told them she almost hit a pedestrian on Thursday morning.
Court Backman was driving a Frankston Line express when she narrowly avoided hitting a pedestrian who dashed through a level crossing about 8.15am.
The close brush with tragedy greatly affected Ms Backman who took to the train's PA to tell passengers what had happened.
“I've been on since 2am, I get it,” she told them. “I want to get you guys to work. I want to go home myself,” reported The Herald Sun.
She then went on to tell them how hurtful the abuse and anger from stressed out passengers was to train drivers.
“Nobody needs to tap their watches or clap their hands ... you don't know why the trains are running late.
“I'm sorry for that. I'm sorry for the fact we are running so late.
“Like I said, be grateful for the fact this train even ran ...”
It was then — as she described the near miss with the pedestrian — she became emotional.
“To everybody who has been lovely and hasn't decided to do all these passive aggressive things or get on the PA and abuse me, you've been fantastic I truly appreciate and thank you very much for your patience.”
As soon as the train arrived at Flinders Street Station, its final destination, dozens of passengers reacted, not with anger, but with kindness.
She was hugged and comforted by passengers who told her how appreciative they were.
Ms Backman's mother, Ali Backman, took to Facebook to share her thanks.
“Thank you all so much for comforting my beautiful daughter,” she wrote, before adding her daughter was very appreciative of the kindness being shown to her.
Ms Backman told news.com.au she was “very proud”, but couldn't say more due to the media policy of Metro Trains.
In a statement, Metro Trains spokeswoman Sammie Black told news.com.au the company was grateful for the support and care shown to Ms Backman.
“We will be passing every message onto her and we know that she has been very appreciative of the support received. Our team is focused on ensuring our driver's wellbeing, as part of our trauma assistance program.”
Ms Backman was met by her manager at Flinders Street Station after she took a break following the incident.
In these types of incidents, a driver can choose to seek a relief driver immediately, however, in this instance, she determined she was able to continue the journey into the city.
“In these types of incidents, a driver can choose to seek a relief driver immediately, however, in this instance, she determined she was able to continue the journey into the city,” Ms Black said.
emoticon icon of DashDash the Vulpix made
KipTheMudkip of the T
witch Plays Pokémon subreddit for the same reason I released the
I made early.
Update: Made the fur darker cos for a Pokémon who's fur is saposed to be noticeably darker, when compared to other artwork of DarkDash, this emotes seemed WAY to light. the old version is still available in the download thoth
Update #2: apon persanol request of
KipTheMudkip
I have edited the emote a bit more to darken the head fur fluff a bit... I thought I had darkened it for V2 along with DashDash's regular fur, but apparently ether I somehow did'nt, or that part of the V2 edit did'nt save :/ (and yes both V1 & 2 versions are still in the download ZIP)
- Pokémon is copyright by Nintendo and Game Freak
- Operation Complete Dex was click the link in this sentince- Pokémon is copyright by Nintendo and Game Freak
Twitch Plays Pokémon was made and is owned by
Twitchplayspokemon of Twitch, All lore is developed by the community who plays the games, and the lore for DashDash (with possibly the exipson of DashDash's in game nickname) conjured by:
Download contains the Emote you see here in PNG format, an alt version with slightly darker head fluff (PNG), 2 old versions of the emote (again PNG version) and the WIP (PDN format) file, and the WIP for the updated version
-Original Sprite this was built off of was riped from the games by www.spriters-resource.com/ Download contains the Emote you see here in PNG format, an alt version with slightly darker head fluff (PNG), 2 old versions of the emote (again PNG version) and the WIP (PDN format) file, and the WIP for the updated version
Anfor- For more info on Dashdash see: www.reddit.com/r/twitchplayspo… - For more info on what
Honestly, I need more than a week to recover from Sunday's episode of Outlander. Claire and Jamie's reunion was tender, a little silly, and a lot sexy. We even needed a special 74-minute episode to get our fill of the couple's first meeting in 20 years.
But if you know anything about this show, you'll know that trouble and drama simply cling to this Scotsman and his Sassenach. In the clip above, exclusive to ELLE.com, watch an exquisitely romantic Outlander moment: Something dangerous has clearly happened, and a tearful Claire whispers to Jamie, "I've caused you so much trouble. Just dropped in out of the clear blue sky, and put your livelihood, your life in jeopardy."
As for Jamie's passionate reply? You'll just have to see for yourself. Could this be Outlander's most intimate, romantic moment yet?
Watch the next installment of Outlander on STARZ this Sunday at 8PM ET.
I'd like to introduce how to show AWS RDS metrics on NewRelic using C#. There is an Amazon RDS Plugin devloped by Ruby, but I have developed by C# because I want to customize components.
Here is a chat of this plugin. This plugin can show a metric (CPU usage in this case) of several instances.
Let's move on to the data structure of sending New Relic API.
Data structure of sending New Relic API has "Component > Metric", a parent and child relationship. A chart can show several metrics in the same components. It seems it cannot show several metrics over the different components at the same time. So I send each instance which I want to show the same chart as each metric under the same component. This means the name of metrics as shown below.
Component/RDS/[instance name of RDS]/[metric name of RDS Cloudwatch] (sample) Component/RDS/production/CPUUtilization
Then you can get above chart when you set the Metric(s) property of NewRelic chart to "Component/RDS/*/CPUUtilization[Percent]".
Then here is a code. Please add Rx-Main, AWSSDK (2.0), JSON.NET to project references via Nuget. AWS AccessKey and SecretKey must be provided by AppConfig or constructor and LicenseKey and guid of NewRelic must be edited.
RDSMetrics.cs
This code works as a ConsoleApp. It is executed every 60 seconds by Rx, and query to AWS cloud watch to get each metric and each RDS instance by one API call. We cannot get several metric or instances at one Cloudwatch API call. Then format the data to JSON and send it to NewRelic. The observing RDS instances are defined by calling AWS API. In this case, instance id contains "production".
You can confirm new plugin is added to your NewRelic dashboard after you start this code. And please add a chart and configure its property.
(This post is an English Translation of my original Japanese post.)
Toronto's food and beer scenes are on point these days. Never has there been more options, more variety, and more experimentation happening on both fronts. Toronto has long been a foodie-city, the multiculturalism allows tastebuds to travel the word without leaving the city limits. But in the past few years, craft breweries have been popping up in increasing numbers. In fact, these days it seems like a new brewery is opening up each month, and no one is complaining might I add.
Torontonians love beer, but not just any 'ole beer. We love good beer, smartly crafted beer, beer that makes us stop and think about what we've just tasted. We also take our food very seriously. So, when you can find a place that brews great beer AND serves exceptional food, people take notice.
In a quest to showcase the best brewpubs in Toronto, those places that brew their own beer and serve food, I conducted a survey back in March. While I could have put this list together myself, I wanted those who know the brewpub scene in the city the best to have their say.
So what have they chosen as the top 5 brewpubs in Toronto? Go on and watch the video! Then come back and read about some awesome giveaways. It's ok, I'll wait…
Giveaway!!
Now that you've watched the video, you've probably got beer and food on the brain. Lucky for you, I've got some awesome giveaways to satisfy those cravings! The top 3 brewpubs have all given me gift certificates to give away to 4 lucky viewers. There's a $50 giftcard for Folly Brewpub, two (2) $50 giftcards for Mill St. Brewpub, and a $40 giftcard for Indie Ale House up for grabs.
To enter, all you have to do is
Subscribe to my YouTube channel (If you're already subscribed, awesome! Proceed to #2) Answer this question in the comments section on my YouTube channel below the Top 5 Brewpubs in Toronto video:
Where in the world have you had your most memorable beer and why was it so memorable?
Nitty Gritty: The contest will run until May 11th and then I'll randomly choose 4 winners. Contest is only open to those 19 years of age or older and can only be used for the purchase of food items, before taxes and gratuity. You don't have to be a Toronto resident to win, but you'll have to get yourself into the city.
Complete List of Brewpubs in Toronto
When I talked to people about wanting to put together a video about Toronto's brewpubs, I heard a lot of “there's more than 5?” Yup, there is. More than 10 in fact (and growing).
Amsterdam BrewHouse
Barvolo
Batch
Bellwoods Brewery
Burdock
Duggan's Brewery
Folly Brewpub
Granite Brewery
Indie Ale House
Lansdowne Brewery
Louis Cifer Brew Works
Mill St Brewpub & Mill St Beerhall
How Were the Top 5 Determined?
Back in March, I ran a survey for 2 weeks to determine the top 5 brewpubs in Toronto. The survey was made up of 10 questions and each question carried a weighted value. Depending on the number of votes a brewpub received, those votes were multiplied by the weight of the question. The total points for each brewpub were then tallied and the 5 brewpubs with the most points were named the top 5 brewpubs in Toronto. Below is a complete list of the questions, the weight, and the top 5 results for each question.
Let's start in December 2015. Swift opensourced. I had a hackintosh laptop that I used to write Dart code. My friend and co-developer Robbert Brandsma, who used Swift for iOS projects, convinced me to give Swift a try. That thursday evening I visited his home and spent until sunday night hacking at Swift. Not much later, probably a few days, we got the crazy idea to develop a web application in Swift. By then, only Paulo Faria and his group, Zewo, had gotten a simple webserver to work. It relied heavily on C and the API was not even close to mature.
We decided to use Zewo for now and used the community's choice for a MongoDB driver, by Dan Appel, to set up a website using our favourite database, MongoDB. This is when we realised we didn't agree. In Dart everything felt part of a whole, the language. APIs were natural and easy to use and understand. They followed standards. Wrapping C made it tough to do that but allowed quick deployment. So we wanted to create our own MongoDB driver, and whilst we're at it an HTTP server, too. So we did.
We wrote a funny library for parsing binary data (BSON) and an HTTP Server called “Microwave” which supported websockets as a first. Not soon after we created MongoKitten and switched to using the then new library called Vapor (at version 0.3), by Tanner Nelson. So about 3 months later, in March, we felt it was mature enough compared to other libraries to publish it on Reddit, too.
A day after she voiced her “shock” at sexual assault allegations against Hollywood producer and Democratic donor Harvey Weinstein, Hillary Clinton said she would donate Weinstein's political contributions to charity.
In an interview with CNN Wednesday, Clinton said it wasn't possible to donate her contributions from Weinstein back, but she would donate it to charity.
HILLARY CLINTON BREAKS SILENCE ON HARVEY WEINSTEIN: 'I WAS SHOCKED AND APPALLED'
"What other people are saying, what my former colleagues are saying, is they're going to donate it to charity, and of course I will do that," she said. "I give 10% of my income to charity every year, this will be part of that. There's no -- there's no doubt about it."
On Tuesday, Clinton said she was “shocked and appalled by the revelations about Harvey Weinstein” in a statement released on Twitter. “The behavior described by women coming forward cannot be tolerated. Their courage and the support of others is critical in helping to stop this kind of behavior.”
The former presidential candidate was questioned after she remained silent for five days after the accusations were reported in The New York Times last week.
OBAMAS SAY THEY'RE 'DISGUSTED' BY HARVEY WEINSTEIN ALLEGATIONS IN STATEMENT
Weinstein contributed $46,350 to Clinton during her 2016 presidential candidacy, as well as to HILLPAC, a committee Clinton used to support other Democrats while she was a senator, according to the Associated Press.
Weinstein has also donated to the Clinton Foundation. The foundation says on its official website that Weinstein gave in the range of $100,001 to $250,000 through June 2017.
UC Riverside political scientist suggests that introduction of coins fits historical pattern of troubled regimes turning to gold as “golden parachute”
By University of California, Riverside …..
When ISIS announced in 2014 that it would create its own currency of gold, silver and copper coins, the terrorist organization said its intent was to free its purported Islamic state, or “caliphate”, from a global economic system it views as corrupt.
The introduction of gold dinars and silver dirhams – modeled upon those minted by Caliph Uthman in 650 CE – may indicate instead the group's preparation for the destruction of the “caliphate” and its subsequent need to easily launder its wealth, according to a researcher at the University of California, Riverside.
Regardless of why ISIS created a coinage monetary system, cutting off avenues for converting these coins to cash should be a priority in global counterterrorism efforts, Ian Oxnevad, a Ph.D. student in political science at UC Riverside, writes in a paper published in The Journal of the Middle East and Africa. The peer-reviewed journal is the flagship publication of the Association for the Study of the Middle East and Africa.
“Should ISIS come to military defeat and its members scatter worldwide, or if it continues in its current incarnation, the value carried in gold, silver and metal coins offers the group a simple means of transferring value among its members and laundering its wealth into currency beyond the confines of the organization,” Oxnevad says in “The caliphates's gold: The Islamic State's monetary policy and its implications.”
The common use of a metallic monetary system virtually vanished worldwide by the early 20th century. It is also an expensive form of currency to produce. So why would a terrorist group publicly declare a trimetallic monetary policy?
The establishment of a monetary policy that has its roots in Islamic economic philosophy “may imply a move to revive an authentic economic past in accordance with (ISIS's) ideological mythos,” Oxnevad says. Or, it “may indicate its design for a utilitarian purpose, such as financing governmental functions or facilitating the funding of terrorist activity through money laundering.”
Scholars of Sharia, or Islamic, law are divided on the topic of paper money, the political scientist explains in the paper, noting that monetary policies of historical Muslim empires were driven by practicality, not religious purity. ISIS's move toward a trimetallic monetary policy, he suggests, derives “more from romanticizing the past than following sharia law.”
“Modern Islamist economics … seeks to demonstrate cultural separateness and distinction, while many Islamist groups seek to place blame for localized economic failure on foreign influence,” he writes. “Regarding the issuance of coinage, evidence exists to suggest the issuing of new coin-based currency in Islamic history has followed this logic.”
A coin-based currency may, however, be designed to function as “a financial safety mechanism for the regime under stress,” making it easier for ISIS to launder its wealth in gold markets that remain under-policed, thereby offering a means of bypassing currency controls, Oxnevad suggests.
“Oil revenues provided ISIS with the means to secure major currencies prior to the start of coalition bombing in September 2014. The announcement of a metallic currency in November 2014 cannot be entirely coincidental, as converting value into precious metals in the form of specie facilitates the group to effectively launder its wealth in the event ISIS needs to expand its operations or devolve into a transnational terrorist group with a territorial safe haven,” he explains. “Indeed, such a shift to gold follows a long historical pattern of regimes turning to gold as a form of ‘golden parachute' when under stress or facing defeat.”
The convertibility offered by gold and silver offers ISIS and its members an under-regulated and highly liquid means of obtaining hard cash outside of is territory, Oxnevad adds. Foreign fighters, for example, can melt down gold and silver coins and covert them back to hard currencies before returning to their countries of origin.
“Whether or not regional and international authorities seek to curtail gold conversion in the region remains to be seen. Whatever course of action is taken by states within an anti-ISIS coalition, depriving the group of golden loopholes through increased surveillance of metal dealers in the region remains an option,” Oxnevad suggests. “Integrating Middle East metal dealers into the financial system, and applying greater regulatory scrutiny and intelligence assets to free trade centers such as those in the Gulf, should comprise a policy priority in countering terrorism both now and in the future.”
The concept of a sleeper is clear, and admirable in theory. The driver gets a car that can haul ass, but on the outside it looks no more special than your standard commuter car. No hood scoops, no special badges, black paint please, and a reasonable tint are the tools of the trade.
After two years of owning a relatively sleepy Mazdaspeed 3 I have come to love and hate what comes along with owning a sleeper. Let me lay out my pros and cons and I will leave it to you all to decide if I am crazy.
Pros:
+ Absolute anonymity. With a car like this you blend in like a charm. With its tint and debadged rear, no one, and I mean NO ONE knows what is special about the car. This includes cops. This is a very good thing. Having this car in black buys you the benefit of doubt with police. In a pack of cars, they will not focus on the black wagon which may or may not be going a little faster than the rest.
Advertisement
+ People think you are an adult. Let's be honest, the big wings and hood scoops on an STI or Evo send a certain signal to the world. None of those signals are that of maturity. A good sleeper works just as well outside of a fancy restaurant as it does the local AutoX.
Cons
- No one thinks that the car is special. Unless you really know your stuff as a gearhead you cannot tell a 1st Gen MS3 from your typical Mazda 3. Unless you get a good glimpse of the wheels or happen to spot the rear spoiler it is tricky to identify one.
Advertisement
"But Nerd, I thought that was what you wanted?"
Well, sort of. Problem is, with a special car the vain part of me wants the world to know that the car is special. Having to explain why the car gets poor milage, or why it is so noisy, or why the ride is bumpy gets old. With a Evo or STI the world looks at it and understands why it is noisy and brash. Even better with an Evo or STI is the onlooker probably thinks, "I bet that thing goes fast." The week before I got the MS3 I needed a rental, so I happened to pick up a Camaro in black. I have never driven a car cooler than that. The car got smiles, waves, questions and attention. It was fantastic and makes me understand why the pony car revival has been a success.
As I have grown older I have found that having to explain what you own is annoying and makes you feel like a snob or a prick. Why? To some people it smacks of arrogance. In their minds I am saying, "well of course you don't know that the car is fast, you don't know your stuff" when I try to explain the vehicle.
Advertisement
I know this is the greatest example of a 1st world problem, but I just wanted to share my observations from the past few years.
So am I crazy? Has anyone had a similar experience?
Russia's new ambassador to the United States said that President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE was "warm and friendly" in greeting him during a Friday meeting and expressed hope for improved relations between the two countries amid growing tensions.
"The atmosphere was good, constructive and friendly," Anatoly Antonov said, according to the Russia's Tass news agency. "President Trump met me cordially. We agree with his staff members to continue our contacts."
“President Trump received me in a warm and friendly way. ... The atmosphere was very genial, constructive and welcoming. At least, that was my personal feeling,” he said, as reported by Reuters.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We, together with his colleagues, his staff, agreed to continue our cooperation," he said.
He said that Russia was ready to take "concrete steps" toward mutual cooperation with the U.S.
The relationship between Russia and the U.S. has grown increasingly frosty in recent months amid investigations in the U.S. centering on Moscow's efforts to interfere in the 2016 presidential election.
The House and Senate voted overwhelmingly in July to impose new sanctions on Russia in retaliation for the election meddling. Trump unenthusiastically signed the penalties into law early last month.
In response, the Kremlin ordered the U.S. to cut the size of its diplomatic staff in Russia by 755 employees. Weeks later, the U.S. ordered Russia to close its consulate in San Francisco, as well as two diplomatic annexes in Washington and New York — a move that the Trump administration said was made to return to diplomatic parity between the two countries.
Russian President Vladimir Putin responded to those closures this week by warning the U.S. that the Kremlin may order that it cut its diplomatic staff in Russia by another 155 employees.
"We reserve the right to further reduce the number of US diplomats in Moscow," he told reporters Tuesday.
(Reuters) - Pope Benedict's decision to live in the Vatican after he resigns will provide him with security and privacy. It will also offer legal protection from any attempt to prosecute him in connection with sexual abuse cases around the world, Church sources and legal experts say.
"His continued presence in the Vatican is necessary, otherwise he might be defenseless. He wouldn't have his immunity, his prerogatives, his security, if he is anywhere else," said one Vatican official, speaking on condition of anonymity.
"It is absolutely necessary" that he stays in the Vatican, said the source, adding that Benedict should have a "dignified existence" in his remaining years.
Vatican sources said officials had three main considerations in deciding that Benedict should live in a convent in the Vatican after he resigns on February 28.
Vatican police, who already know the pope and his habits, will be able to guarantee his privacy and security and not have to entrust it to a foreign police force, which would be necessary if he moved to another country.
"I see a big problem if he would go anywhere else. I'm thinking in terms of his personal security, his safety. We don't have a secret service that can devote huge resources (like they do) to ex-presidents," the official said.
Another consideration was that if the pope did move permanently to another country, living in seclusion in a monastery in his native Germany, for example, the location might become a place of pilgrimage.
POTENTIAL EXPOSURE
This could be complicated for the Church, particularly in the unlikely event that the next pope makes decisions that may displease conservatives, who could then go to Benedict's place of residence to pay tribute to him.
"That would be very problematic," another Vatican official said.
The final key consideration is the pope's potential exposure to legal claims over the Catholic Church's sexual abuse scandals.
In 2010, for example, Benedict was named as a defendant in a lawsuit alleging that he failed to take action as a cardinal in 1995 when he was allegedly told about a priest who had abused boys at a U.S. school for the deaf decades earlier. The lawyers withdrew the case last year and the Vatican said it was a major victory that proved the pope could not be held liable for the actions of abusive priests.
Benedict is currently not named specifically in any other case. The Vatican does not expect any more but is not ruling out the possibility.
"(If he lived anywhere else) then we might have those crazies who are filing lawsuits, or some magistrate might arrest him like other (former) heads of state have been for alleged acts while he was head of state," one source said.
Another official said: "While this was not the main consideration, it certainly is a corollary, a natural result."
After he resigns, Benedict will no longer be the sovereign monarch of the State of Vatican City, which is surrounded by Rome, but will retain Vatican citizenship and residency.
LATERAN PACTS
That would continue to provide him immunity under the provisions of the Lateran Pacts while he is in the Vatican and even if he makes jaunts into Italy as a Vatican citizen.
The 1929 Lateran Pacts between Italy and the Holy See, which established Vatican City as a sovereign state, said Vatican City would be "invariably and in every event considered as neutral and inviolable territory".
There have been repeated calls for Benedict's arrest over sexual abuse in the Catholic Church.
When Benedict went to Britain in 2010, British author and atheist campaigner Richard Dawkins asked authorities to arrest the pope to face questions over the Church's child abuse scandal.
Dawkins and the late British-American journalist Christopher Hitchens commissioned lawyers to explore ways of taking legal action against the pope. Their efforts came to nothing because the pope was a head of state and so enjoyed diplomatic immunity.
In 2011, victims of sexual abuse by the clergy asked the International Criminal Court to investigate the pope and three Vatican officials over sexual abuse.
The New York-based rights group Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR) and another group, Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests (SNAP), filed a complaint with the ICC alleging that Vatican officials committed crimes against humanity because they tolerated and enabled sex crimes.
The ICC has not taken up the case but has never said why. It generally does not comment on why it does not take up cases.
NOT LIKE A CEO
The Vatican has consistently said that a pope cannot be held accountable for cases of abuse committed by others because priests are employees of individual dioceses around the world and not direct employees of the Vatican. It says the head of the church cannot be compared to the CEO of a company.
Victims groups have said Benedict, particularly in his previous job at the head of the Vatican's doctrinal department, turned a blind eye to the overall policies of local Churches, which moved abusers from parish to parish instead of defrocking them and handing them over to authorities.
The Vatican has denied this. The pope has apologized for abuse in the Church, has met with abuse victims on many of his trips, and ordered a major investigation into abuse in Ireland.
But groups representing some of the victims say the Pope will leave office with a stain on his legacy because he was in positions of power in the Vatican for more than three decades, first as a cardinal and then as pope, and should have done more.
The scandals began years before the then-Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger was elected pope in 2005 but the issue has overshadowed his papacy from the beginning, as more and more cases came to light in dioceses across the world.
As recently as last month, the former archbishop of Los Angeles, Cardinal Roger Mahony, was stripped by his successor of all public and administrative duties after a thousand of pages of files detailing abuse in the 1980s were made public.
Mahony, who was archbishop of Los Angeles from 1985 until 2011, has apologized for "mistakes" he made as archbishop, saying he had not been equipped to deal with the problem of sexual misconduct involving children. The pope was not named in that case.
In 2007, the Los Angeles archdiocese, which serves 4 million Catholics, reached a $660 million civil settlement with more than 500 victims of child molestation, the biggest agreement of its kind in the United States.
Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi said the pope "gave the fight against sexual abuse a new impulse, ensuring that new rules were put in place to prevent future abuse and to listen to victims. That was a great merit of his papacy and for that we will be grateful".
(Reporting by Philip Pullella; Additional reporting by Robin Pomeroy; Edited by Simon Robinson and Giles Elgood)
King Bhumibol is often credited with foiling a Communist movement during the Cold War, liberalizing the Thai economy and keeping the country together despite its often-fractious politics. But another of his great successes, at least for the monarchy, has been to make royal wealth seem sacred, and any contribution to it appear virtuous.
In a country afflicted by economic inequality and widespread corruption, King Bhumibol was portrayed as benevolent and frugal, detached from the material world and concerned first and foremost by the well-being of his subjects. (A squeezed-out tube of his toothpaste was exhibited to the public, set on a golden cloth, after his death, as evidence of his fabled economy.) By appearing to embody the virtues of a great Buddhist ruler — “love-kindness,” charity and perseverance, as the sacred texts go — King Bhumibol acquired the aura of a bodhisattva.
King Bhumibol's very status as a Buddha-in-the-making also helped transform the Thai monarchy from a beleaguered institution, struggling for political and financial survival, at the start of his reign into a thriving corporate operation today.
The royal family, thanks in part to a raft of projects with business, academia, the arts and charities, has implanted itself at the center of Thailand's cultural and social life — apparently far from the messy, brutal realities of capitalism and political gamesmanship. Giving money or labor to a royally endorsed project has come to be seen as a good deed, and so an opportunity to improve one's chances of an auspicious rebirth in the Buddhist reincarnation cycle.
Donations to the royal household since King Bhumibol's death have totaled more than $26 million. Tens of thousands of Thais have volunteered to support the cremation ceremony, providing accommodation, transportation and security, as well as cleaning services. According to the government's public relations department, volunteers under 17 will be given a piggy bank inscribed with this statement by the late king, “The power of people who think positively, do good deeds and are grateful is the power that will bring about peace and prosperity to families, communities and the country.”
King Bhumibol's material legacy also is great. The Crown Property Bureau, the agency that manages the royal finances, has vastly expanded its business portfolio. Neither the bureau's assets nor its operations are entirely known, but the Thai monarchy is now thought to be the world's richest, with an estimated fortune of at least $30 billion. Under King Bhumibol, the royal family of Thailand has become fabulously rich by cultivating an appearance of frugality and making wealth seem immaterial — or rather, divine.
Dubbed the "smart milk jug," Milkmaid is a unique home appliance that notifies the user via SMS text when its content is low or the milk has gone bad. The jug is embedded with high-tech features such as sensors, GSM radio module, antenna, SIM card and a rechargeable battery.
A concept winner for the GE and Quirky contest, the device will work with an app that connects to the Milkmaid to provide instant stats about the milk, such as temperature, expiration date and how much milk is left. The app can also suggest recipes for regular and spoiled milk, and allow users to re-order milk via online grocery delivery services.
Product development company Quirky recently completed the design and engineering phase of the working prototype. If there's a demand for the product, Milkmaid could be made available for purchase.
Image courtesy of GE Reports
This article originally published at PSFK here
Georgia Claims Its Annotated Laws Are Covered By Copyright, Threatens Carl Malamud For Publishing The Law
from the law-must-be-secret dept
Therefore, we demand that you immediately: cease and desist your unlawful copying of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated; remove any and all files containing the Official Code of Georgia Annotated from the internet; destroy any and all files containing the Official Code of Georgia Annotated from the internet; and provide us with prompt written assurance within 10 days of receiving this letter that all such steps have been taken and that you will cease and desist from any further infringement of the copyrighted Official Code of Georgia Annotated.
If you do not comply with this cease and desist demand within this time period, the State of Georgia, through the Georgia Code Revision Commission, is entitled to use your failure to comply as evidence of willful infringement and seek monetary damages and equitable relief for your copyright infringement.
It is a long-held tenet of American law that there is no copyright in the law. This is because the law belongs to the people and in our system of democracy we have the right to read, know, and speak the laws by which we choose to govern ourselves. Requiring a license before allowing citizens to read or speak the law would be a violation of deeply-held principles in our system that the laws apply equally to all.
This principle was strongly set out by the U.S. Supreme Court under Chief Justice John Marshall when they stated “the Court is unanimously of opinion that no reporter has or can have any copyright in the written opinions delivered by this Court, and that the judges thereof cannot confer on any reporter any such right.” Wheaton v. Peters, 33 U.S. (8 Pet.) 591 (1834). The Supreme Court speciﬁcally extended that principle to state law, such as the Ofcial Code of Georgia Annotated, in Banks v. Manchester (128 U.S. 244, 1888) , where it stated that “the authentic exposition and interpretation of the law, which, binding every citizen, is free for publication to all, whether it is a declaration of unwritten law, or an interpretation of a constitution or a statute.”
You may recall a few years back that the state of Oregon claimed that its laws were covered by copyright and threatened to sue people who posted them online. Yes. Its laws. Other states have done the same at times, and each time they get mocked mercilessly for the plain ridiculousness of trying to use copyright law to stop people from publishing. Now, technically, these states are on reasonably firmground, even if they're oncommon sense ground. While US copyright law is clear that works of theare not covered by copyright, that's not the case for state or local governments. Of course, that doesn't make it any saner tosuch a copyright. After all, this iswe're talking about. It seems crazy to think that any government should get upset about someone publishing the laws that everyone is supposed to obey. In fact, you'd think they'd encourage it.But... some states just can't help themselves. The latest state to demonstrate how stupid this is would be the state of Georgia, which is now threatening to sue Carl Malamud and Public.Resource.org for daring to publish Georgia's annotated legal code. In a very weak attempt to distinguish this from copyrighting "the law" itself, the threat letter makes it clear that it's not claiming a copyright onper se, but rather "the copyrightable aspects," of "the Official Code of Georgia Annotated." From this, it would seem that they mean the, which explain the law, are somehow covered by copyright. And they're not happy that someone, such as Carl Malamud, has the temerity to offer up this code so that those impacted by Georgia law might actually understand the laws they are bound to obey.Given Malamud's history , and the fact that he himself reached out to the Georgia Code Revision Commission to let them know he was publishing the annotated version, I would imagine that he does not intend to cease and desist, but will fight this in order to show that such things should be publishable.But, really, why is the state of Georgia doing this in the first place? It's not as if the state needed the "incentive" of copyright to publish an annotated version of the law. If anything, this seems like copyright misuse. But, even beyond that, it just seemsfrom a public policy standpoint to want to make your own laws harder to understand.: And, as expected, Malamud has responded . The entire letter is worth reading, but a quick snippet:
Filed Under: annotations, carl malamud, copyright, georgia, laws
I got my new buffalo router this week, and surprisingly, no-one had documented how to do DHCPv6 with Prefix Delegation. I managed to get it working so I thought I would document it so others can find it.
Edit: I added a check to make sure dhcp6c is only running once. My router ended up running multiple copies and having them interfere with each other
Steps:
Set up jffs. You'll be using it through the rest of these steps Copy /usr/bin/ipkg /jffs Edit /jffs/ipkg and change
IPKG_DIR_PREFIX=/usr/local/lib/ipkg
to:
IPKG_DIR_PREFIX=/jffs/usr/local/lib/ipkg Copy /etc/ipkg.conf /jffs Edit /jffs/ipkg.conf and add the following source:
src openwrt-trunk http://downloads.openwrt.org/snapshots/trunk/ar71xx/packages
comment out the whiterussian source. jffs update and install needed packges:
# IPKG_CONF_DIR=/jffs /jffs ipkg update
# IPKG_CONF_DIR=/jffs /jffs ipkg install wide-dhcpv6-client
# IPKG_CONF_DIR=/jffs /jffs ipkg install rdisc6 Put the following in /jffs/etc/config/dhcp6c.wanup: #!/bin/sh if [ ! -f /tmp/var/run/dhcp6c.pid ] ; then dhcp6c -c /jffs/etc/dhcp6/dhcp6c.conf -p /tmp/var/run/dhcp6c.pid vlan2 fi Put the following in /jffs/etc/config/rdisc6.wanup:
#!/bin/sh
echo 2 > /proc/sys/net/ipv6/conf/vlan2/accept_ra
rdisc6 Make those scripts executable. # chmod 755 /jff/etc/config/*.wanup Put the following in /jffs/etc/dhcp6/dhcp6c.conf: interface vlan2 { send rapid-commit; send ia-pd 0; send ia-na 0; request domain-name-servers, domain-name; script "/jffs/etc/dhcp6/dhcp6c-script"; }; id-assoc pd 0 { prefix-interface br0 { sla-id 0; sla-len 0; }; }; id-assoc na 0 {}; Put the following in /jffs/etc/dhcp6/dhcp6c-script: #!/bin/sh if [ -f /var/run/radvd.pid ] ; then kill -HUP `cat /var/run/radvd.pid`; fi Make dhcp6c-script executable. Make sure ipv6 is enabled in the web interface, along with radvd. Put the following as radvd.conf: interface br0 { AdvSendAdvert on; prefix ::/64 {}; RDNSS 2001:558:FEED::1 2001:558:FEED::2 {}; }; Replace the nameservers above if this isn't for comcast. It's probably possible with a little work to re-write radvd.conf dynamically based on the received dns servers. This works for now. Reboot
If you run into an issue following these steps, please contact me. Note that I tried several things first and attempted to distill the results down to instructions. It's possible that in trying something, I did something relevant that I didn't record here.
Advertisements
Proportional share of income paid in state and local taxes, by income class. (ITEP)Ω
State taxes favor those with the highest incomes.
That's according to a new report by the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, which finds that on average the bottom fifth of earners pay proportionally twice as much of their incomes in state and local taxes as the top 1 percent. Such systems that are skewed toward the poor are also less stable in the long run, given the decades-long trends of growing income inequality, the report's authors argue.
“The vast majority of states allow their very best-off residents to pay much lower effective tax rates than their middle- and low-income families must pay — so when the richest taxpayers grow even richer, these exploding incomes hardly make a ripple in state tax collections,” they write. “And when the same states see incomes stagnate or even decline at the bottom of the income distribution it has a palpable, devastating effect on state revenue.”
To rank states on tax fairness, the authors developed a Tax Inequality Index, based on comparisons of pre- and post-tax incomes by income group. Less equal — or regressive — systems, based on their analysis, widen the income gap after taxes and credits are applied. A more equal, or progressive, system narrows that gap.
Hover over each state to its tax inequality ranking. Darker shading and lower numbers represent less fair tax systems.
Washington was the most regressive state, based on their analysis of a number of factors. (For a complete list of their rankings, scroll to the end of this post.) For the bottom fifth of earners there, the bite that state and local taxes take of their incomes is seven times as large as the bite taxes take out of incomes for the top 1 percent. Florida was next, followed by Texas, South Dakota and Illinois.
What makes a regressive system
The taxation systems in the 10 most regressive states shared a number of features, the authors found. Four lack personal income taxes, while five have virtually flat (or non-progressive) personal income taxes. Six of the states rely too heavily on sales taxes, which are regressive because consumption and incomes do not rise in lockstep. (Consumption accounts for a larger share of income for low-wage earners than high-wage earners.) In September, economists at Standard & Poor's, the credit ratings agency, suggested that such an over-reliance on sales taxes may exacerbate income inequality and act as a drag on revenues.
As the chart below shows, income taxes are typically the most progressive, on average, while property taxes are slightly regressive. Sales and excise taxes tend to be very regressive, since spending as a share of income tends to fall as income rises.
Progressiveness by tax type and income group. (ITEP)
What makes a progressive system
The least regressive tax systems — and each state's system was found to be at least somewhat regressive — exhibited the opposite, typically levying highly progressive income taxes; relying heavily on those taxes as opposed to sales and excise taxes; and using refundable tax credits to offset the tax impact on those who earn less.
While Delaware's income tax is not particularly progressive, it's heavy reliance on income taxes instead of consumption taxes make its system the least regressive overall. Though not comparable to a state, D.C. ranks as the next least regressive tax system, followed by California, Oregon, Montana and Vermont. D.C., Minnesota and Vermont make their tax systems fairer by providing generous refundable Earned Income Tax Credits to lower-wage earners.
Of course, the way a tax is structured matters, too. An income tax's progressiveness is often determined by two factors: a tax rate that gradually rises with income and the availability of refundable tax credits targeted at the lowest earners. As the chart below shows, while California, Louisiana and Alabama all levy personal income taxes, California's is far more progressive.
File photo: APA/Gindl
A suspected radical Islamist was arrested in Graz last week, for the second time, a spokesman for the state prosecutor has confirmed.
The 47-year-old man, who has Austrian citizenship but is originally from Macedonia, was initially arrested in November, along with a dozen other suspected jihadists in police raids that took place across Austria.
He was freed by a judge after a detention hearing but the prosecutor lodged an appeal which was accepted last week.
Meanwhile, a Bosnian man who was arrested in Croatia is being transferred to Graz. The 49-year-old is accused of belonging to a terrorist organization and recruiting jihadists in Austria.
Five suspected radical Islamists are currently in custody in Graz. The prosecutor's office is waiting for police reports, and will then decide on a possible indictment.
Austrian state prosecutors have requested anonymity in the public reporting of proceedings relating to the arrests, as they fear the possibility of reprisal attacks, and some are reported to be under police protection.
The woman who filed a lawsuit against Donald Trump alleging he raped her when she was 13 years old was scheduled to speak out publicly Wednesday, but the press conference was called off just as it was scheduled to start. Her attorney, Lisa Bloom, told members of the media that the accuser—who is still going by her identity in court documents, Jane Doe—had received numerous death threats throughout the day and decided against revealing her identity.
"We're going to have to reschedule. I apologize to all of you who came. I have nothing further." @LisaBloom press conference is off. — Irin Carmon (@irin) November 2, 2016
The accuser alleges that Trump raped her repeatedly at a series of 1994 parties thrown by billionaire Jeffrey Epstein, who has since been convicted and served 13 months for solicitation and procurement of minors for prostitution. Epstein was "widely known to throw wild parties with young women and girls," according to The Huffington Post, which also found Trump admitted to knowing Epstein in a New York Magazine article: "I've known Jeff for fifteen years. Terrific guy...He's a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side. No doubt about it—Jeffrey enjoys his social life."
A court date has been set for December 16 of this year, when Trump is scheduled to have a "status conference" with a judge. According to HuffPost, the story has so far received minimal mainstream media coverage for a number of reasons, including that the accuser has remained anonymous and her public backers were heavily criticized in the press.
Trump's defenders will likely point out that Bill Clinton has also been linked to Jeffrey Epstein.
Zack Snyder was a guest on the “Hall of Justice” podcast with Seth Everett this week to talk about his upcoming Doritos Super Bowl commercial contest. After explaining that the winner gets to work with him on a future DC Comics movie, the majority of the interview shifted towards Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, Man of Steel, and Justice League.
Advertisement
Snyder revealed that Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is about 99.9% done. They're just waiting on some final 3D shots to come in and get approved. He also explained that fans won't need to see Man of Steel before they see the sequel, and that he thinks of it as more of a prequel to the Justice League movie.
Snyder also addressed the criticism of Man of Steel, which had a darker take on Superman and even showed him killing one of his enemies. “People are always like ‘you changed Superman',” Snyder explained. “If you're a comic book fan, you know that I didn't change Superman. If you know the true canon, you know that I didn't change Superman. If you're a fan of the old movies, yeah I changed him a bit.”
Snyder also argued that having the TV and movie universes separate are a very good thing for fans.
“As opposed to trying to shoehorn all of these storylines into a single universe, we let the characters exist in multi-universe, and therefore it's a lot more fun and a lot more value for the audience. They get to see their favorite and most beloved characters on different adventures at the same time in different universes and it really makes the meal a lot richer and a lot more fun. We get to go with these guys in all different directions and I think that's really the joy of what we're trying to do over here at DC.”
That's an interesting way to look at it, and very “comic-booky”. Snyder also talks about working with Christopher Nolan, and more. Check out the full interview below!
SOURCE: Hall of Justice Podcast #28
Wahid Baloch, a Baloch literary and social activist, was kidnapped on July 26 while returning from a friend's funeral from Umar Khot in Sindh. (Note: his surname and ethnicity are the same word.) Baloch was on a bus when it was intercepted, and he was offloaded against his will into a car. Better known for his social justice and literary work, Baloch works as a telephone operator at Civil Hospital and is an active voice against forced disappearances in Balochistan, one of Pakistan's largest provinces.
Baloch is also in-charge of Sayyad Hashumi reference library in Karachi which preserves all the published and unpublished materials on Baloch (the people), Balochi (the language) and Balochistan (the province). The Founder of Sayyad Hashumi library professor Sabah Dashtyar was shot and killed in 2011.
Forced disappearances are not a new phenomenon in Baluchistan, where Baloch nationalists are engaged in an armed resistance movement against the Pakistani state. However, a considerable number target unarmed civilians—mostly poets, writers, and activists who are an active part of the resistance movement.
According to official data obtained by the news agency The News, nearly a thousand bullet-ridden corpses have been recovered from various parts of Balochistan in the past six years, and more than half the mutilated bodies have been identified as ethnic Baloch. The report further revealed that more than 112 locals are still missing. In 2014, Farzana Majeed marched thousands of kilometers across Pakistan for her missing brother and the missing people of Baluchistan. Majeed's family, like many others, blame Pakistan's security agencies for these disappearances.
Security agencies have routinely denied involvement in these disappearances, but human rights groups say this is a lie, arguing that the government specifically targets individuals involved in Baloch separatist movements and literary figures who write or speak about the Baloch struggle for freedom. In the wake of Baloch's disappearance, Amnesty International released a statement accusing Pakistan's security agencies of involvement, expressing concerns about Baloch's safety and well-being. The Human Rights Commission has formed a team to investigate Baloch's disappearance.
In a text titled “Who Was Comrade Wahid?” published on the website Baluch Samachar (which shares under-reported and often suppressed news stories from Balochistan), Imtiaz Baloch remembers Baloch's activism and his love for the community:
Wahid Baloch has been determined and passionate about his humanitarian work. He organized several press conferences, protests, gatherings and marches against enforced disappearances of Baloch people. Residents of Lyari use to say: “Wahid bleeds for others”. This passion of dedicating his time for others earned him the nickname of “Comrade”. No one knows Wahid in Lyari, if you don't add Comrade to his name(..) The Gadap police registered an informal report of his kidnapping but declined to file a First Investigation Report (FIR).
The Pakistani government routinely blocks and suppresses news stories from Balochistan, including websites reporting on the Baloch National Movement. Baloch activists often rely on Twitter and Facebook to share reports about abductions and torture. Activists are using the hashtag #SaveWahidBaloch to draw attention to this latest forced disappearance:
#SaveWahidBaloch It is nearly Two Weeks now that Wahid Baloch was #IllegallyDisappeared. There is no news about him and his Family Suffers. — Mohammad Ali Talpur (@mmatalpur) August 5, 2016
Enforced disappearance of Wahid Baloch is continuation of Pakistani state policy of persecuting educated #Baloch.#SaveWahidBaloch — Kamal Baloch (@Kamal_Baluch) July 30, 2016
It has been well over a week since Baloch was abducted. His whereabouts are still unknown, and community members, friends, and his family fear for his life. As Imtiaz Baloch puts it, “A man who fought to eradicate the menace of forced disappearances became a victim of the very crime.”
The death penalty is a hotly contested political debate, but it wasn't always so controversial. Executions have been the ultimate punishment in societies since humanity formed even the semblance of civilization. The means of execution has been incredibly brutal and varied, and here are 10 of the most intense, terrifying, and violent means of execution:
Walking the Plank
Walking the plank has been a joking part of pirate fiction present in even the tamest childhood tales. The real life version is not so cheery, however, if you truly envision the scene… you, terrified, with your limbs tied (or not) as you're forced at sword point to step out into shark infested waters in the middle of the ocean, knowing you won't be saved. A prolonged and salty death is not how I would like to go, disappearing under the waves when my mind can no longer overcome my physical limits.
Cement Shoes
(Images via myamazingfact, arisgeorgiades)
Modern gangsters have taken a queue from the pirates of times past, and created an urban version of walking the plank. “Sleeping with the fishes” has become a part of the lexicon, in reference to the cement shoes that vengeful gangsters force on their unwilling client's feet. Like the most terrifying shoe salesmen in the world, they'll make your shoes fit for an eternity, as they throw you off the side of a bridge.
Seppuku
Seppuku is a culturally mandated suicide ritual in Japan that was conducted almost entirely by Samurai, as part of their code of honor (bushido). To prevent themselves from falling into enemy hands, or to recover from a felonious or otherwise shameful act, seppuku involves disembowelment with a short blade, preferably with a close friend to end the deed with a swift decapitation. Seppuku has been recorded as recently as 1970, after a failed coup d'etat.
The Gridiron
(Images via wikipedia, mirrorservice, headlesshistoricals)
The horrors of the gridiron are immediately visible to anyone who has held a cookout in their backyard; it's basically broiling someone alive on a grate over a bed of coals. A favored execution for discontents and those considered treasonous, it was a horrible way to die.
The Brazen Bull
The brazen bull was a bronze oven in the shape of a bull, just large enough to fit an adult. The offender would be placed in the belly of the beast, and sealed inside. Heating elements would be placed directly below the bull until the screams and smoke of the roasting victim would come out of the bulls mouth. This was a dramatic, and excruciating, way to go.
The Gas Chamber
(Images via occc, paulrodgers9w)
The gas chamber was put to mass effect during the holocaust in World War II, and used as a human form of execution since 1924, until the final case in 1999. In the late 20th century the gas chamber was outlawed as cruel and unusual punishment, as several cases of inmates taking up to 11 minutes to die swayed the public into rejecting it as an option.
The Firing Squad
The firing squad has been around as long as gunpowder. To assuage the conscience of firing squad members, one of the shooters is typically given a blank, so, if necessary, each member of the squad can tell themselves they were the innocent member. This is still a common (though less formalized) form of execution in much of the world. The most recent example in the United States was in Utah as recently as June 2010.
The Electric Chair
Much like the gas chamber, the electric chair was seen as a humane advancement, using the power of science to cause a quick end to a cruel life. Just like the gas chamber, this was not always the case. Several mistakes marred the history of the electric chair, as prolonged public scenes led tales to spread like wildfire about the horrific spasms and blood that was seen by most as cruel.
Crushing (Pressing)
(Images via fanac, listverse)
Made famous in America because of the case of GIles Correy (the only American documented to have been killed with this technique), who was pressed to death during the Salem Witch Trials in Salem, Massachusetts. He was placed between two large boards as increasing weight was placed on top, in an attempt to get him to confess to being a witch. Giles refused, and it's said his last words were “more weight.”
Burned at the Stake
Being burned at the stake is a prevalent film cliche (much like walking the plank) that's popular mostly because of its brutality, and the suspenseful preparation required, as pieces of wood are slowly placed around the victim, who is tied to a post in the center. Death by fire is said to be one of the most incredibly painful, and just from standing around a large bonfire, it's pretty easy to tell how excruciating such a death would be.
There was no shortage of President Trump-hatred spewed at Sunday night's Emmys. During an on-stage 9 to 5 reunion segment, actress and all-around garbage human being Jane Fonda and feminist Lily Tomlin, who both starred in the 1980 film, got in on the anti-Trump action.
Dolly Parton, who was on stage with the women and also starred in the film, opted to instead talk about her breasts and avoid the Trump-bashing.
“Back in 1980, in that movie, we refused to be controlled by a sexist, egotistical, lying, hypocritical bigot,” said Fonda.
“And in 2017, we still refuse to be controlled by a sexist, egotistical, lying, hypocritical bigot,” Tomlin chimed in, referencing the president.
WATCH:
Dolly Parton, Lily Tomlin & Jane Fonda "still refuse to be controlled by a sexist, lying, egotistical bigot" https://t.co/wvJkc1TOJl #Emmys pic.twitter.com/Zgr8cj53To — Hollywood Reporter (@THR) September 18, 2017
Fonda appeared at the Women's March following the election of the president and rips Trump whenever she's granted the spotlight.
But the feminist is most well-known for her anti-American actions during the Vietnam War. Per The Hollywood Reporter:
Almost 45 years after she climbed into the seat of a North Vietnamese anti-aircraft gun vehicle and smiled for photographers, Jane Fonda, now 79, still finds herself targeted by U.S. military veterans. The actress and activist, who took to the L.A. streets for the Women's March to protest Donald Trump's policies, already was one of Hollywood's most outspoken opponents of the Vietnam War when, at 34, she made a two-week trip to Hanoi in July 1972. By then, more than 60,000 U.S. soldiers had lost their lives in the conflict; Vietnamese casualties were close to 1 million.
A few days ago, AMD released its latest Catalyst beta graphics driver — and hidden within, AMD has helpfully provided a long list of new GPU and APU code names that the driver is compatible with, and provided a little more background on the highly anticipated Kaveri desktop APU. It seems that the successor to the Kabini and Temash mobile APUs will be called Mullins. On the desktop, discrete GPU front, we now know that there will be an 8000-series (Sea Islands) GPU called Tonga, and that the 9000-series (Volcanic Islands) will feature Hawaii and Vesuvius GPUs. It also appears that AMD might be preparing a new GPU model numbering scheme that does away with the Radeon brand name.
These details come from the latest Catalyst beta driver, version 13.150.0.0. As with almost every Windows driver, the Catalyst driver comes with an INF (INFo) file that tells the operating system what the driver does, how to install it, and what devices the driver supports. It is in this INF file that SemiAccurate uncovered the names of AMD's new APUs and GPUs. Finding these code names in the INF file suggests that AMD is at least testing early prototypes in the lab, but they could be quite close to release as well.
Starting at the top, there are 16 variants of the Mullins APU, all of which appear to target the mobile market — in other words, it's the successor to Kabini and Temash, which target laptops and tablets respectively. Mullins is a river in Belize, just like Temash. Mullins should be a 28nm chip, built at TSMC.
After Mullins, the INF file mentions Kaveri, the much-anticipated Steamroller-based APU that will finally unify the CPU and GPU for (potentially) large performance gains. The INF mentions that Kaveri will come with two different GPUs, Spectre and Spooky, both of which should be based on the GCN architecture. Spooky and Spectre are, incidentally, are the names of two Lockheed ground-attack gunships (AC-130H and AC-130U). In total there will be 18 variants of the Kaveri APU, with TDPs ranging from 17W to 100W, spanning embedded, mobile, desktop, and workstation form factors — just like Trinity/Richland, which Kaveri replaces. It appears that there will be Kaveri chips with full-fat, “Lite,” and “SL” GPUs, with SL probably being the weakest/cheapest option. It isn't yet known whether Kaveri will be produced on TSMC or GlobalFoundries' 28nm process.
GPUs
The Catalyst INF file contains info about three discrete desktop Sea/Volcanic Islands GPUs (Tonga, Hawaii, Vesuvius) and a bunch of mobile GPUs from the Solar family (Sun, Venus, Saturn, Neptune). There isn't a whole lot of info about Tonga or Vesuvius, but there will be six Hawaii variants; three each for Radeon and FirePro markets. The only mobile GPU of note is the Venus Pro MCM, which could mean that it's a multi-chip module, with the RAM sitting on top of the GPU, rather than on the PCB. MCM could stand for something else too, though. The Sea Islands chips will be 28nm, but again we're not sure where they will be built. Volcanic Islands is meant to be 20nm, but neither TSMC nor the Common Platform Alliance (IBM, Samsung, GloFo) are at that point yet.
And then there's the bombshell: The Mullins APUs, which should come with Radeon HD 9000-series GPU, instead comes with “R2 Graphics” or “R3 Graphics.” There is even a mention in the INF file for an “AMD Radeon R5 M200 series.” It is clear that a new numbering scheme (R2, R3, R5) is being developed, with the “M200” possibly indicating a segment (mobile) and relative product position (200), just like Intel's modern CPU numbering scheme. The Mullins APU, without the Radeon brand, suggests that AMD might be reserving Radeon for specific (enthusiast? discrete?) parts, or doing away with the name entirely (unlikely). With the uncomfortable 10000-series fast approaching, it's likely that this new naming scheme will kick into action after the Radeon HD 9000-series has run its course.
All of these code names are scheduled to come to market sometime in 2013, though with just six months left, it'll be interesting to see if the 9000-series Volcanic Islands GPUs actually make it out in time.
Now read: AMD unveils world's first 5GHz CPU
Scully have I loved Fox Mulder was brilliant and sexy in "The X-Files" -- but it's Dana Scully who has my heart.
In this summer of Dark Knights and Hellboys and Iron Men, it's refreshing to be reminded -- as we will be this weekend, with the opening of "The-X-Files: I Want to Believe" -- that not so long ago, there was a science fiction series with a woman at its core, a heroine whose major goals were more about disproving the existence of extraterrestrial life than marrying Big, a chick who spent more time chasing fluke worms down toilets than trying on shoes.
I was crazy about "The X-Files," Fox's pre-9/11 ode to trusting no one. I taped every episode. I watched many of them repeatedly. I borrowed friends' tapes and purchased some of my favorite episodes when they became available. I saw the confounding first "X-Files" feature, "Fight the Future," in the theaters. Twice. I still think of 10:13 as a lucky number, on a clock or calendar, and I still occasionally address e-mails to friends who knew me at the time with "Mulder, it's me." Perhaps the biggest sign of my devotion was that I forced myself, balefully, to keep watching the show to the bitter end, after David Duchovny took off and pallid young Mulder and Scully imitators were hired to generate new heat.
Advertisement:
No, I never wrote fanfic or had an online alter ego named after Scully's dog, "Queequeg"; I didn't name my cat Skinner, though let me tell you, it crossed my mind. Eight years out, I can't imaginatively conjure up the face of the Well-Manicured Man, or tell you what the deal was with the alien black oil.
But I was never in it for the conspiracy, the Syndicate, Deep Throat, the Cigarette Smoking Man or the array of bat boys, robotic cockroaches, Satanic cheerleaders or Mexican goat suckers that waltzed menacingly across my screen every week.
I was there because I knew, eventually, my heroes would get it on. And because I was totally enraptured by special agent Dana Scully.
It probably wasn't supposed to be that way. Duchovny's Fox Mulder was, after all, the centerpiece of the narrative: the brilliant, wounded, lonely man, who spends his life trying to sort through the trauma of his sister's disappearance and prove that he isn't crazy for believing in aliens, ghosts and El Chupacabra (the Mexican goat sucker). And it didn't hurt that Duchovny was basically a walking pheromone, all languid eyes and long-necked eroticism.
Sure, Mulder was hot, and made you want to heal and help him and go with him to the Andes in search of the yeti or whatever it was he planning to do with his three-day weekend.
But the one I would have gone to the ends of the earth for was Scully. Patient, long-suffering, geeky forensic pathologist Scully, so short and tucked and tailored. Given such a tough role -- as the woman brought in by the FBI to be the minder and school marm, as Mulder correctly says in the first episode, to spy on him -- Scully was supposed to be able to take away his toys and crush his dreams of ghouls and goblins.
Advertisement:
Who wants to be the skeptic, the killjoy, the buzzkill? Gillian Anderson, plucked from obscurity in her early 20s to play Scully, should have initially petitioned for a special Emmy category that rewards excellence in the field of lip biting, sideways casting of the eyes and exasperated bowing of the head.
But as the show matured, it was Scully -- the cerebral head of the X-Files, torn between her Catholic faith, her scientific impulse to explain away the inexplicable and her affection for her partner -- who was destined to become the (still cerebral) heart of the show.
The very fact that her character was such a hard sell made her repeated brushes with the supernatural all the more powerful. Mulder's desire to believe was so expansive, his credulity so flexible, that it's not as though he was ever going to have either shaken from him. But Scully's surety was solid, stable, rigid; every time she saw something she thought she'd never see, we saw it crack, sparks fly from it. She was forced to question herself, grow, change. In short, she got the better arc, and her journeys were always, by dint of the setup, more intricate and moving.
There's a beautiful scene at the end of an episode from Season 3, "Clyde Bruckman's Final Repose," about a man who can foresee when and how everyone will meet his or her end. In it, Scully, who of course initially doubts him, watches as one of Bruckman's unlikelier predictions -- that she will wind up in bed with him, holding his hand tenderly as tears stream down his face -- comes true. Anderson's pale young face opens wide with grief and realization: grief for the man she'd taken for a kook, realization that he had been for real, and also that the other prediction he'd made about her was that she would never die.
Advertisement:
Scully, we are to believe, is immortal; the series hinted at it at various other points, especially in a stunning sixth-season episode in which she looks away from death as it approaches her. It's a testament to the strength of the character that as the other unwieldy mythologies of "The X-Files" -- aliens and government conspiracies and black oil! -- inevitably crumbled under the weight of their own convoluted expectations, the mystery and mythos surrounding Scully grew steadily stronger.
Early episodes of the show look so dated now -- check out their toaster-size phones and Scully's ill-advised jewel-toned pantsuits -- but "The X-Files" was innovative television when it debuted, dealing as it did with issues of science, faith and distrust in government that in a post-9/11 world would probably have landed Fox Mulder deep in Guantánamo.
Scully certainly did her time as a damsel in often soap-operatic distress: She was abducted, her eggs were harvested, her sister was killed; she had cancer, a chip was implanted in her neck, and she was dragged to a spaceship in Antarctica, where a gross-looking tube was stuffed down her throat and she was pumped full of an alien virus. But though her reproductive system was the depressing locus for much of her trauma, she wasn't alone in her victimhood. Mulder had nearly as many indignities foisted on him. Abduction, check. Dead sister, check. Alien virus, check.
Advertisement:
In fact, the show was exceptional in its willingness, if not to turn gender conventions on their head, then at least to level the playing field. The producers could have insisted on a more standard-issue duo, an alien-loving nerd and a bombshell lady scientist. Instead we got the slightly repressed (or at least sharply coifed and primly manicured) but socially capable leading lady and her porn aficionado partner, leering but ultimately unlucky with the ladies. "X-Files" creator Chris Carter complicated the roles of his wary protagonists further by making Scully the rational, resilient, mature one and her partner Mulder a gullible, sensitive, doe-eyed and slightly laughable foil.
The pairing, based mostly on the dynamic between actors Anderson and Duchovny, crackled, and the show had at its core a professional relationship that was not just sexually, but romantically, electric. Of course, back then, when we all walked a mile to school and programs started the season in September and finished them in May, slow-burn television relationships burned really slowly, especially in comparison with today's short-attention-span theater, when an unrequited prime-time couple can maybe make it to sweeps before kicking off their panties.
Not only did the sparks between Mulder and Scully fly fast and far, but the drawing out of their relationship allowed their audience to fall for them too, despite the irritating imperfections of both character and plot.
Advertisement:
Scully was a leading lady to fall for, a smart-girl icon who was (and would still be, alas) a rare television bird: professional, independent, unsentimental. She liked boys' things: Her favorite movie was "The Exorcist," her favorite book the phallic classic "Moby-Dick"; her nickname from her father was Starbuck; she wrote her thesis on Einstein's twin paradox. She was the opposite of squeamish. In possibly the best "X-Files" episode of all time, the vampire farce "Bad Blood," there is an ur-Scully scene: She is doing an autopsy after a long day of chasing the undead through a small Texas town. Annoyed, she sighingly hoists the departed's heart, lung and intestines onto the scale, reading their weights into a tape recorder. Then she opens up the victim's stomach and starts poking around with her scalpel to determine his last meal. "Pizza, topped with pepperoni, green peppers, mushrooms." Here she pauses, looks up briefly from the bloody innards. "Mushrooms. That sounds good." She orders a pizza.
Today's television is not without its Scullys -- "Law & Order" ladies who crack skulls and chase bad guys in Jimmy Choos. But they all feel like tall, skinny, limp knockoffs of the original. Dana Scully was not standard television beautiful, but a diminutive pre-Raphaelite, pale of skin and red of hair, who could give equal amounts of soul to lines like "Nothing happens in contradiction to nature, just in contradiction to what we know of it" and "Well, seeing as how it's Friday, I was thinking I could get some work done on that monograph I'm writing for the penology review: 'Diminished Acetylcholine Production in Recidivist Offenders.'" A woman who, when asked by her pestering partner to examine a cadaver's head just one more time for a set of horns, can snap on her gloves and mutter "Whatever" like she really means it.
Of course most of the credit here goes to Scully's portrayer, Anderson. I was always keenly aware of the discrepancy between the entertainment press's reactions to Anderson and Duchovny. The latter, a Princeton grad who was an English Ph.D. candidate at Yale (his unfinished dissertation was to have been on morality, magic and technology and "Gravity's Rainbow"), was always breathlessly congratulated for his special intellect and pedigree. He seemed to accept the media's wide-eyed adoration with self-assuredness, feeding reporters lines about Marvell or Milton. Anderson, by contrast, was unapologetic about being the wifty one, a remorseless wild child whose giggly demeanor and pseudo new-wave spirituality always made her appear, in interviews and on talk shows, the polar opposite of her character.
But I always thought that for Anderson to so beautifully embody Scully -- a character so distant from her own experience -- meant that she was the special one. Intervening years have put a satisfying spin on their real-life personae. While Duchovny, who had such a bright future ahead of him that he (discerningly) left the show early, flopped around in middling movies until finally finding his natural home on the softcore narcissism-fest "Californication." Anderson, meanwhile, has built a career on an immaculately edited collection of sophisticated material. The former punk rocker may still be wifty, but she is practically a poster child for highbrow period piece drama, and has turned in gorgeous performances as Lily Bart in "The House of Mirth," as Lady Dedlock in "Bleak House" and as a doctor in the brutal Idi Amin biopic "The Last King of Scotland." She even did a terrific sendup of herself in "Tristram Shandy: A Cock and Bull Story."
Advertisement:
This weekend, she'll be bringing all those chops back to the role that made her, and that's good news. In an entertainment world where women are disappearing from multiplexes, where men bulk up as superheroes while women don't eat but sip pink drinks, we need to remember that there was once a very short heroine who hunted monsters and talked about Einstein, who kicked ass and questioned her faith, who went to work with a man she loved but didn't rip his shirt off over lunch, who didn't want to believe, but opened herself nonetheless to possibility. We need Scully back, even for a moment.
India A 277 (Rohit Sharma 94, Saha 56, Carter 5-63) & 188 for 8 (Pujara 96*, Holder 5-55) beat West Indies A 252 (Permaul 66, Ahmed 3-43) & 210 (Simmons 53, Rohit Sharma 4-41) by two wickets
Scorecard
No. 10 Shami Ahmed added 73 with Cheteshwar Pujara to take India A home © WICB
Cheteshwar Pujara took a huge step towards Test selection as he added 73 with No. 10 Shami Ahmed to take India A to a thrilling win in the first unofficial Test, at Kensington Oval. Pujara's unbeaten 96 was the highest score in all four innings of the match, and more than three times the next best effort by an Indian in the final innings. An equally impressive performer, the 6'7" tall Jason Holder, playing at his home ground, ended up on the losing side despite registering his third five-for in his 15th first-class match. His effort reduced India A to 115 for 8 in a chase of 186.
It might have been an unofficial Test, but the qualities that make Test cricket special were all on display. Two teams full of young men hoping to represent their Test sides went into the final day with all three results possible, and three rain interruptions brought a draw into the picture too. In fact when the players went off the third time, in the last hour of the day, with India A needing 20 runs, it seemed the sides would have to settle for a draw.
India A would have been glad they got a chance to come out to finish the game off, but not long before that they would have happily taken that draw when rain interrupted on the first two occasions. When the clouds opened up for the first time, during the lunch break, all three West Indies A quick had taken a wicket each to add to their overnight effort of 22 for 3. And in a tense morning session, they had conceded just 55 runs.
India A had added only two runs on the final day when left-arm quick Delorn Johnson broke through Shikhar Dhawan's defence with a slower ball. Dhawan failed to add to his overnight 13. Rohit Sharma and Pujara then fought through a testing period. Rohit was dropped on two by substitute Kyle Corbin when India were 28 for 4. Even before he had reached double figures, Rohit had played two edgy shots: a mis-hit that just cleared extra cover, and another that just fell short. In the first hour only 20 runs came by. Johnson and Holder's figures on the final morning at one point read 6-2-9-1 and 6-2-9-0.
Rohit relieved a bit of pressure with a six over long-off and a four over mid-on. However, just when he had begun to show signs of having overcome a shaky start, Rohit followed and edged a wide delivery from Jonathan Carter, who already had a five-for to his name in the first innings. In the minutes before lunch, Holder bowled Manoj Tiwary with an inswinger to make the session West Indies A's.
Showers during the lunch break caused a 45-minute delay in resumption. Pujara, 26 at lunch, now counterattacked. He hit three fours in five deliveries to bring the target down to two figures, but Holder struck soon. It took a sharp low catch from Nkrumah Bonner to send Wriddhiman Saha back. That was the cue for Pujara to attack more, and he did so by hitting Johnson for back-to-back fours to reach his half-century. India A had reached 115 when Holder pegged back Bhuvneshwar Kumar's off stump, and West Indies were all but there.
Holder followed Bhuvneshwar's scalp up with a bouncer that hit Pujara on the right hand. Even as the physio made his way off the ground, rain made a second appearance, sending players in for an early tea break. Pujara and Ahmed had added only five runs by then, and you would have thought that a further delay might have given them some hope for a draw if they could hang in until the next rain interruption.
You had another thing coming: soon after tea Ahmed lofted Holder over long-on for a six. That seemed to be a momentum-shifting shot. The partnership now relied more on Pujara's risk-free shots. He now took such control of the situation that in the end Ahmed ended with just 27 of the 73-run stand. The drama was hardly over, though.
By the final drinks break of the match, the two had seen off the quicks, eased through a brief spell of spin from both ends, and were now bracing up for another burst from Holder and friends. They had added four after the drinks, which took the partnership past 50, when it began to pour down again. This interruption seemed to have a finality to it, but about 15 minutes later we were back on again.
Now India A needed 20, West Indies still needed two wickets, and the weather was around too. Serenely Pujara resumed with a four to fine leg. Streakily Ahmed swung at two wide deliveries and took seven. Holder put in one last effort, but an inside edge off Ahmed's bat evaded the stumps. He did manage another maiden to keep India A waiting, but Pujara at the other end finished it off with another boundary.
Pujara has had previous experience of batting well with the Saurashtra tail too, most notably when he saved one in the fog and fading light of Delhi in 2007-08. He'll be glad he went a step further this time.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Written by Nancy Atkinson
It's not quite like requesting “Tea, Earl Grey, hot” and having a steaming drink appear, but almost. The Electron Beam Freeform Fabrication, developed at NASA's Langley Research Center, is an engineer's version of the science fiction replicator on Star Trek.
“You start with a drawing of the part you want to build, you push a button, and out comes the part,” said Karen Taminger, the technology lead for NASA's Fundamental Aeronautics Program.
Electron Beam Freeform Fabrication or EBF3150 creates part for airplanes, not food and drink and uses an environmentally-friendly construction process to manufacture layered metal objects. This technique could revolutionize the aviation industry and may have applications for the future spacecraft and the medical community as well. It can be used to make small, detailed parts or large structural pieces of airplanes.
EBF3150 works in a vacuum chamber, where an electron beam is focused on a constantly feeding source of metal, which is melted and then applied layer by layer on top of a rotating surface until the part is complete. A detailed 3-dimensional cross-sectional drawing of the part is fed into the device's computer, providing information of how the the part should be built from the inside out. This guides the electron beam and and the inflow of metal to produce the object, building it up layer by layer.
Commercial applications for EBF3150 are already known and its potential already tested, Taminger said, noting it's possible that, within a few years, some aircraft will be flying with parts made by this process.
The metals used must be compatible with the electron beam so that it can be heated by the stream of energy and briefly turned into liquid form. Aluminum an ideal material to be used, but other metals can be used as well. In fact, the EBF3150 can handle two different sources of the feed stock metal at the same time, either by mixing them together into a unique alloy or embedding one material inside another, such as inserting a strand of fiber optic glass inside an aluminum part, enabling the placement of sensors in areas that were impossible before, Taminger said.
While the EBF3 equipment tested on the ground is fairly large and heavy, a smaller version was created and successfully test flown on a NASA jet that is used to provide researchers with brief periods of weightlessness. The next step is to fly a demonstration of the hardware on the International Space Station, Taminger said.
Future lunar base crews could use EBF3 to manufacture spare parts as needed, rather than rely on a supply of parts launched from Earth. Astronauts might be able to mine feed stock from the lunar soil, or even recycle used landing craft stages by melting them.
But the immediate and greatest potential for the process is in the aviation industry where major structural segments of an airliner, or casings for a jet engine, could be manufactured for about $1,000 per pound less than conventional means, Taminger said.
The device is environmentally friendly because its unique manufacturing technique cuts down on the amount of waste. Normally an aircraft builder might start with a 6,000-pound block of titanium and machine it down to a 300-pound part, leaving 5,700 pounds of material that needs to be recycled and using several thousand gallons of cutting fluid used in the process..
“With EBF3 you can build up the same part using only 350 pounds of titanium and machine away just 50 pounds to get the part into its final configuration,” Taminger said. “And the EBF3 process uses much less electricity to create the same part.”
While initial parts for the aviation industry will be simple shapes, replacing parts already designed, future parts designed from scratch with the EBF3150 process in mind could lead to improvements in jet engine efficiency, fuel burn rate and component lifetime.
“There's a lot of power in being able to build up your part layer by layer because you can get internal cavities and complexities that are not possible with machining from a solid block of material,” Taminger said.
A film based on Neil Gaiman's beloved children's story Graveyard Book was supposed to be released this year, but some behind-the-scenes shake-ups left the project in development hell. Now, it looks like Ron Howard could be its savior.
According to The Hollywood Reporter, Howard is in talks to resurrect Gaiman's 2008 novel as a live-action film. The previous, stalled version was a stop-motion flick developed by Henry Selick (Coraline, The Nightmare Before Christmas).
The book follows a young boy who is raised by ghosts in a cemetery after his family is murdered. Once the boy becomes a teenager, his family's killer returns in an effort to finish him off. Dark? Yeah, a little. But it's a heck of a story.
It's great to see Howard step in to try and save the project, but it's sad we won't get to see what Selick could've done with the source material as a stop-motion film. He's an auteur of the style and that story would've provided an awesome vehicle for the format. But, Howard is no slouch, and with the right script and casting this could be a great film.
If he signs on, Howard could be joined by Gil Netter (Life of Pi) and Ben Browning (Sanctum). The great Brian Grazer (Friday Night Lights) could also jump in as a producer. Now, if they'd just bring Gaiman in to write the script, this would be the best idea ever.
Are you glad to see The Graveyard Book come back off the shelf?
(Via The Hollywood Reporter)
More Tokens
Power tokens are a new type of beneficial condition in Imperial Assault, akin to the Focused condition. However, instead of adding an entire dice to your attack or defense pool, these tokens are meant to serve as a much finer and more granular augmentation to a figure's attack and defense. Presumably, modifying a number of figures that lacked damage, surges, or suvivability.
The basic rules of power tokens are:
1. You may spend one power token per attack or defense;
2. A figure can possess only two power tokens at any given time;
3. Figures spend power tokens when an attack is declared (before rolling).
Note: It was actually harder than anticipated to find what the actual rules are going to be. I put this together via the Team Covenant video and the articles released by FFG.
Based on these rules, I'm led to a few conclusions. First, FFG clearly doesn't intend on figures building up a large mass of these tokens, as not only did they limit the total a figure can possess, but also removed any incentive to hoard the tokens as you can only spend one per attack or defense (that said, I could see more expensive figures such as Darth Vader or Jedi Luke appreciating the ability to bank three or four block power tokens before heading out).
Second, power tokens, while strong, are slightly weaker than the effects given by Command cards or Zillo Technique, in that you must use a token before you know the results of an attack. Use a block token and roll a dodge - sorry, you still lose the token. Spend a surge token and roll three surges - the token is gone. This could be frustrating in some cases, but I enjoy that it will encourage players to carefully consider what types of tokens should be given to specific figures.
Major League Baseball announced late Monday evening that the Cubs' Game 4 against the Nationals will be played in the late afternoon, beginning at 4:30 p.m. Central time.
Reason: They actually looked at Tuesday's weather forecast, which calls for rain in the evening. From a MLB press release:
Major League Baseball announced tonight that Tuesday's Game Four of the National League Division Series between the Washington Nationals and the host Chicago Cubs on TBS will have a first pitch time of 5:38 p.m. (ET)/4:38 p.m. (CT), regardless of the outcome of tonight's NLDS Game Three between the Arizona Diamondbacks and the Los Angeles Dodgers. Forecasts for Chicago on Tuesday evening led MLB to establish the 4:38 p.m. local first pitch time at Wrigley Field.
Smart thinking on MLB's part — kudos to them for doing this regardless of what happens in Monday night's Dodgers/Diamondbacks game.
This is likely not great news for many of you who work usual daytime hours, whether you are going to the game or just watching it on TV — as it's kind of the end of the work day, an oddball time when they wouldn't really start a game during the regular season. But the fact that this game is now officially a late-afternoon start increases the likelihood that they'll be able to get the game in before heavier rain comes into the Chicago area.
Given the fact that Monday's Red Sox/Astros game in Boston was played in light-to-moderate rain for much of that afternoon, I'd think they will try to play Game 4 of the Cubs/Nats series Tuesday even if it's raining, unless there's lightning or a torrential downpour, neither of which is in the forecast.
If rain somehow prevents Tuesday's game from being played, it would be played Wednesday and the teams would simply lose their off day if they had to play Game 5, which would still be in Washington Thursday.
I will have a full recap of Monday's Game 3 win at 8 a.m. CT Tuesday morning.
Snowden had just left the luxurious Mira hotel where Glenn Greenwald interviewed him. The interview had aired on the Guardian and journalists all over the world were scrambling to find out more.
“I saw the front of the newspaper, I was really shocked. The most wanted man was in my house.”
Rodel's lawyer, Robert Tibbo, who provided legal advice to Snowden during his time in Hong Kong, explained to her what the NSA whistleblower had done and how he urgently needed a place to hide.
“He looked very upset and worried,” she recalled. “I said it's ok, he can stay in my home. I feel like we are the same as asylum-seekers so I should help him.”
When 46-year-old Vanessa Mae Rodel first met Edward Snowden on the doorstep of her run-down apartment, she saw herself in him — a refugee looking for safety, comfort and security in one of the most impoverished areas in Hong Kong after fleeing his country
Read more
When 46-year-old Vanessa Mae Rodel first met Edward Snowden on the doorstep of her run-down apartment, she saw herself in him — a refugee looking for safety, comfort and security in one of the most impoverished areas in Hong Kong after fleeing his country
“He looked very upset and worried,” she recalled. “I said it's ok, he can stay in my home. I feel like we are the same as asylum-seekers so I should help him.”
Rodel's lawyer, Robert Tibbo, who provided legal advice to Snowden during his time in Hong Kong, explained to her what the NSA whistleblower had done and how he urgently needed a place to hide.
“I saw the front of the newspaper, I was really shocked. The most wanted man was in my house.”
Snowden had just left the luxurious Mira hotel where Glenn Greenwald interviewed him. The interview had aired on the Guardian and journalists all over the world were scrambling to find out more.
But it was only the morning after when Rodel went to pick up French fries and muffins for her new guest when she realized the magnitude of his actions.
“I saw the front of the newspaper, I was really shocked. The most wanted man was in my house,” said Rodel.
Rodel, an asylum-seeker from the Philippines and her four-year-old daughter are among the three refugee families who sheltered, fed and looked after Snowden during his two-week stay in Hong Kong before he fled to Moscow in 2013. Others include Sri Lankans Ajith Pushpakumara, Supun Thilina Kellapatha, his wife Nadeeka Dilrukshi Nonis and their two small children. The three children were born stateless.
Their identities were only revealed last year in September, by their Canadian lawyer Robert Tibbo, in an effort to raise awareness for their cause prior to the release of Oliver Stone's film ‘Snowden'. The movie features a scene depicting the refugees with Snowden in a small, cramped flat in the city. The whereabouts of the former NSA contractor's stay in Hong Kong were shrouded in mystery until last year when the stories of these families received international attention.
“I am living in fear. What I'm looking for is a place where I can live in peace.”
Now the families are fighting for a chance at a new life in Canada. Hong Kong based newspaper South China Morning Post revealed last week that a group of Montreal lawyers filed a refugee claim on behalf of the families in January. They are urging immigration minister Ahmed Hussen to expedite the process. Snowden himself has weighed in on their plight telling Ricochet media that their situation is “vulnerable and destitute” and urging on Twitter that Canada “protects them in kind.”
Marc-André Séguin, Francis Tourigny and Michael Simkin first urged the Canadian government to grant the families sanctuary in Canada in November of last year, citing poor living conditions and safety concerns in Hong Kong after their role in the Snowden saga was revealed.
“Canada prides itself in its track record in welcoming refugees and asylum seekers from all over the world and we feel that they would be great candidates for that and bring a significant contribution to our communities,” said Séguin. “Everyone has in a way moved on and these families are left behind and we refused to let that happen.”
The refugees say that International Social Services, a government contractor responsible for providing welfare to asylum seekers in Hong Kong, have harassed them by slashing their welfare benefits and interrogating them about their time with Snowden. In a place where asylum-seekers are banned from seeking employment, they are completely reliant on government provisions.
Sri Lankan asylum seekers Debagma Kankanalamage Ajith Pushpa Kumara and Kellapatha Supun Thilina speak during a press conference at the legislature in Hong Kong. Jerome Favre/EPA
“They're supposed to provide assistance so that the basic needs of the family are met in full, but they have not donen't that,” said Tibbo, who has represented the families since 2010 and been in contact with the three Montreal-based lawyers.
In an effort to cover their living expenses, Séguin, Tourigny and Simkin launched a fundraiser — “Canadians help Snowden's guardian angels” — last November to provide financial assistance to the families.
Officials from International Social Services did not respond to a request for comment.
The three families have waited for several years for their protection claims to be screened by the Hong Kong government. They have little hope that their cases will succeed. Less than one percent of claims are approved in Hong Kong, rendering it among the lowest in the developed world.
“Until now I have no results,” said Ajith. “I am living in fear. What I'm looking for is a place where I can live in peace.”
Ajith, a former soldier, fled to Hong Kong in 2004. He says he was abused by his superiors and tortured in Sri Lanka. Fellow Sri Lankan Supun filed a refugee claim in 2005 after he says he was also tortured. His partner, Nadeeka, is a former seamstress who filed her claim in 2007 after a man from an influential family sexually abused her in her homeland. Rodel came to Hong Kong on a domestic worker's visa in 2002 and filed a claim in 2010. She says she is a victim of rape and abduction.
Kellapatha Supun Thilina, Paththini Kuttige Nadeeka Dilrukshi Nonis, their daughter Kellapatha Sethumdi Thilanya Kellapatha, and their 10 month-old son Kellapatha Suvasthaki Vithika Dinath a legislature in Hong Kong.Jerome Favre/EPA
While Hong Kong is not a signatory to the United Nations' refugee convention, it is still bound by the UN Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment. After the screening process, claimants deemed to be at risk of persecution are referred to UNHCR. They are then resettled to a safe third country.
Tibbo said that the families did nothing wrong since Snowden had no warrant for his arrest in Hong Kong when he was hiding with the families. He also believes that the families have little chance of succeeding in Hong Kong and therefore should be resettled in Canada.
“I don't have confidence in this system here at all,” said Tibbo. “Their living conditions here are really dire, they don't have a support system here. If they were in Canada, they would have all sorts of organizations helping them,” said Tibbo.
When asked whether they regret sheltering the former NSA analyst, the refugees say they believe Snowden did the right thing.
“He came to my house, Nadeeka cooked for him,” said Supan.”I have very sweet memories with him.”
Aaron McCright, PhD, talks about how we've become so divided over environmental issues over the past few decades.
These days, getting pretty much any kind of environmental policy made into law involves a lot of fighting and delay.
New research from Michigan State University finds Americans are becoming more divided over environmental protection and they seem to be getting their cue mainly from Congress.
Aaron McCright is a sociologist at MSU and the lead author of the study. He writes that things weren't always so partisan. In fact, many landmark environmental laws were born during the Nixon Administration.
From 'Red Scare' to 'Green Menace'
But then the Soviet Union fell and, according to McCright's research, the American conservative movement (consisting of major conservative think tanks, wealthy families, and conservative foundations) moved its focus away from former communists toward what they saw as the 'green menace'.
"This really came through in the late 80s and early 90s, so this anti-environmentalism of the conservative movement was driving the changing policy stance of the Republican party and it's mostly because of a significant drop off in pro-environmental voting among Republicans in both the House and the Senate,"said McCright. "Whereas the Democrats just sort of continued on a light, upward trend in pro-environmental voting."​
Common ground only found on immediate health issues
He says there is room for both sides to work together under very specific circumstances.
"Other studies that are out there show that as environmental problems become more local and more threatening to human health — like the health of your family, the health of yourself or the health of the community members — then there is widespread support across the aisle for acknowledging these problems, dealing with these problems and trying to solve these problems," McCright said.
Industries acknowledge climate change
While this divide is deepening between political parties, the insurance industry is paying attention to climate change. Additionally, companies such as Nike and Coca-Cola have changed their business practices to adapt to extreme weather. In Michigan, the farming industry is talking about climate change and how to adapt.
McCright says the disconnect between industry and Congress started in the late 90s, when several major corporations stopped denying the reality of climate change and started to try to position themselves as being part of the solution.
"They withdrew their support for climate change denial at the very time when conservative foundations and think tanks sort of took up the mantle and decided to run with it." said McCright."And that's when you get what you have now, where you'd be hard-pressed to find business CEOs who will publicly say, 'climate change is not happening, it's just a big hoax and scientists are just after grant funding.' But you still see a lot of that in many members of the Republican party and conservative think tanks and conservative magazines."
I have to say I love me some Christmas time, guys. As much as I hate the cold, the busyness at the malls once November hits, and the “ohmygoditsallover” that seems to hit me at midnight on December 25th, I live for the holidays and the sweet traditions that mean so much to me. The other day I broke out the Balsam Pine candles so our home can smell like an entire pine forest and I've been doing small happy dances through the Christmas section at Hobby Lobby. All of those ornaments and decorations are enough to give a girl heart palapations. So for all of you holiday lovers, and lovers of the sweetness that Christmas brings, this is for you.
{Step 1} Make sure you have all the supplies needed. Pictured is everything I used like small latch-top, seal proof jars from Hobby Lobby, hot cocoa mix, mini marshmallows, some pink linen fabric, mini candy canes, my hot glue gun, Ghirardelli chocolate peppermint squares, my shiny scissors and the prettiest little labels designed and printed by one of my lovely friends Ashley of Lemon and Lavender. Try to refrain from eating all of the needed chocolate peppermint squares.
{Step 2} Scoop equal amounts of cocoa mix into each jar until about halfway full. I used two canisters of cocoa mix to fill the five jars I have so if you need to make these favors on a larger scale I suggest using smaller containers. Once your halfway full, place three chocolate peppermint squares on top of the hot cocoa mix. The chocolate really isn't needed to make a cup of hot cocoa but man are these things good. And your friends will thank you when they find these little treats hidden inside.
{Step 3} Again, refrain from eating all the mini marshmallows. And use a spoon to scoop marshies until the jars are full.
Like so!
{Step 4} To make the pink linen covers, eye ball and cut out a square piece of fabric that will be large enough to cover the opening of your jars. Cut it out and fold it in half. Draw a semi circle with a pencil or white pencil crayon and cut out to make your circle. Place over the opening of the jar and close the lid and latch to create an air tight seal. See how fun this part is?
The fabric will ruffle slightly once it's sealed in place which let's be honest, looks pretty dang cute, no?
{Step 5} Add your “Perfect Mix” labels to the jars. I decided to tape the ones Ashley sent to me, on the sides of the jar over top of where the hot cocoa sat so they would stand out. I was sort of bummed out though because I really wanted to show off the backs of the tags where there are Kate Spade ish type stripes (look how cute these things are, below). I am telling you if you need fun paper products Ashley is your girl. You can check out more of her work here and visit her blog over here too.
Pretty pretty.
{Step 6} To make the candy cane hearts for the tops of the jars, hot glue gun together two small candy canes facing in towards one another. I have seen edible versions of these hearts made with melted chocolate in place of glue but I wanted these just to sit on top of the jars so I was a-ok with gluing my canes together. Then I glued the hearts to the tops of the jars.
I just love how these turned out :) so pink and pretty and soft of course!
But wait. I know you're all thinking “Rhi, Rhi, Rhi, what is this Perfect Mix you speak of?” And well to be honest it could be the perfect mix of two people falling in love and getting married and having these hot cocoa favors at their wedding celebration. Or it could be the perfect mix of hot cocoa and a dash of a little thing I like to call yummy in a bottle. Aka kahlua. I'll go with the latter.
The Perfect Mix. I hope it makes you feel all warm and fuzzy inside this year during the holidays! Much love, beauties xoxo
ANN: Tahoe-LAFS 1.12.0 released
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE----- Hash: SHA256 ANNOUNCING Tahoe, the Least-Authority File Store, v1.12.0 ========================================================= On behalf of the entire team, I'm pleased to announce the 1.12.0 release of Tahoe-LAFS. Tahoe-LAFS is a reliable encrypted decentralized storage system, with "provider independent security", meaning that not even the operators of your storage servers can read or alter your data without your consent. See http://tahoe-lafs.readthedocs.org/en/latest/about.html for a one-page explanation of its unique security and fault-tolerance properties. With Tahoe-LAFS, you distribute your data across multiple servers. Even if some of the servers fail or are taken over by an attacker, the entire file store continues to function correctly, preserving your privacy and security. You can easily share specific files and directories with other people. The 1.12.0 code is available from the usual places: * pip install tahoe-lafs * https://github.com/tahoe-lafs/tahoe-lafs * tag: "tahoe-lafs-1.12.0" * commit SHA1: 0cea91d73706e20dddad13233123375ceeaa7f0a * https://tahoe-lafs.org/downloads/ (and SHA256 hashes) * tahoe-lafs-1.12.0.tar.bz2 e4a97c12cde3148d3921b8dfca3bfc73eede0b466f082afa817a8f438de72477 * tahoe-lafs-1.12.0.tar.gz 86ea07f417bdc356082a37096b2b368232a8c04d1b6813a289e1671e16f366a3 * tahoe-lafs-1.12.0.zip 04666636b34cdf05e414536bea86a56d119034556d43fe6a7066e89894dc4a69 * tahoe_lafs-1.12.0-py2-none-any.whl b453f2b5d5e7c42386b45d0f5eecaa9fff51e46c79bc0ab431d7a712ccc23816 * detached GPG signatures (.asc) are present for each file All tarballs, and the Git release tag, are signed by the Tahoe-LAFS Release Signing Key (fingerprint E34E 62D0 6D0E 69CF CA41 79FF BDE0 D31D 6866 6A7A), available for download from https://tahoe-lafs.org/downloads/tahoe-release-signing-gpg-key.asc Full installation instructions are available at: http://tahoe-lafs.readthedocs.io/en/tahoe-lafs-1.12.0/INSTALL.html 1.12.0 improves Tor/I2P support, enables multiple introducers (or no introducers), allows static server definitions, and adds "Magic Folders", an experimental two-way directory-synchronization tool. It removes some little-used features like the "key-generator" node and the old v1 introducer protocol (v2 has been available since 1.10). Many smaller fixes and changes were made: see the NEWS file for details: https://github.com/tahoe-lafs/tahoe-lafs/blob/0cea91d73706e20dddad13233123375ceeaa7f0a/NEWS.rst Many thanks to The Least Authority Enterprises for sponsoring developer time and contributing of the new Magic Folders feature. This is the sixteenth release of Tahoe-LAFS to be created solely as a labor of love by volunteers. Thank you very much to the team of "hackers in the public interest" who make Tahoe-LAFS possible. Contributors are always welcome to join us at https://tahoe-lafs.org/ and https://github.com/tahoe-lafs/tahoe-lafs . Brian Warner on behalf of the Tahoe-LAFS team December 17, 2016 San Francisco, California, USA -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE----- Version: GnuPG v2 iQEcBAEBCAAGBQJYVd0+AAoJEL3g0x1oZmp6bmwH/R7Rj9h/TnbjvkFOKUfLeOSo CrICpmLjXcvMw8JmvkCtZXFrShTO5Tx1bNDT9He5QeYGe3k4O71Hwdk8xFTCt/67 A94C/vI8GAvrjZE2oFOj6bDgz2dsEJeWzv6VD/qfFW9K4840UHRh14iKEmtLAvin 74gq49ioiqS+kpLcfg5cCKo+voMhPdvOtudb0qnLfGFMiTLFqfMmxFDHQOvCmZxT HvltCiyZ4okE5x/WCL7d/4Gr/YAmX3lJbj5FkylQacW6NupSmWXfwmr+JR8amax2 Pqvup3NNC8b+p1plxOgw4gCS9FeOuG0lWKk5AZq3T1Q6qtshAA0wxQml2YqDQ4A= =U3oT -----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
Ransomware is a fast-growing digital threat. Cybersecurity expert Mark Turnage explains how companies large and small can find data on the Dark Web and protect themselves from an attack.
Image: iStock / kaptnali
Cybersecurity firm OWL Cybersecurity recently discovered 9 million healthcare records on the Dark Web. Though the amount of personal records found by the company is staggering, it's a small fraction of the information bought and sold regularly on the encrypted internet, a company spokesperson said. In fact, according to the United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), in 2015 over 100 million healthcare documents were leaked on the encrypted internet.
Some of these files were swiped during traditional system hacks. But, said OWL Cybersecurity's president and CEO Mark Turnage, ransomware was responsible for the majority of the leaks. Ransomware is malware that locks a PC and encrypts all local files. In a typical attack, a message demanding payment is displayed on the user's screen. If the extortion is not paid, typically in Bitcoin, in a certain period of time, local files are stolen and either erased or rendered inaccessible.
SEE: Quick glossary: Malware (Tech Pro Research report)
"When sellers list data on [Dark Web] markets they often release samples to show that the data they are selling is real and this listing was no exception," Turnage said. "When 9.3 million records went up for sale on June 28, 2016, the listing included 100 sample records containing patient information."
"Ransomware is successful because victims may see a ransom of a couple of hundred dollars as a price worth paying in order to regain access to files," said ZDNet's cybersecurity expert Danny Palmer in a recent report. "While a $200 ransom might not seem like much in the big scheme of things, if thousands of people give in and pay ransoms to the perpetrators of ransomware, then the amount of money being illicitly made quickly adds up."
Image: Cisco/Talos Group
Because the ransom amount is typically low relative to the value of local data, enterprise companies, SMBs, government agencies, and hospitals are particularly vulnerable to ransomware attacks. OWL Cybersecurity's research partners Healthcare IT News and HIMSS Analytics estimated that nearly 75 percent of hospitals in the U.S. were hit with ransomware attacks in 2015.
In the near future, ransomware could be the single largest cybersecurity threat facing consumers, companies, and organizations. Palmer reported that in Q1 2016 attacks were up nearly 14 percent. The increase can be blamed on ransomware-as-a-service (RaaS)—code that can be purchased on the Dark Web, then customized by attackers.
Ransomware is frightening because the malicious software so challenging to combat. "The [Dark Web], by its very nature, is designed for anonymity," Turnage said. "[Data] is intentionally hidden and inaccessible with standard web browsers making it very difficult, if not impossible, to determine the identity of any given user, including those that run the various ... markets that list items for sale."
Enterprise companies and SMBs are not without recourse, however. Turnage shared several best practices:
Prior to attacks, define, establish, and enforce clear policies, procedures, and controls around organizational operational security.
Identify internal and external networks and applications. Lock down wireless networks. Restrict physical access to hardware like company computers and servers. Train employees on safety and security.
Partner with reputable organizations to monitor the Dark Web for leaked or otherwise compromised sensitive data.
After a leak happens and data has been stolen or compromised: Identify where and how the data leak occurred. Notify those affected and provide mitigation support. Provide ongoing monitoring of leaked data for identity theft and other possible misuses.
Response speed can significantly mitigate the damage caused by a data leak. OWL Cybersecurity has aggregated a massive database of Dark Web content scraped from Tor, IRC, anonymous clearnet text sites like Pastebin.com, hacker forums, FTP servers, and other outlets. Its database is around 400 million pages, and the company is adding nearly 11 million pages per day.
WATCH: How To Protect Your Information From Hackers (CBS News)
"[Our] engine scrapes more relevant darknet data in one hour than an intelligence analyst can discover in one month," Turnage said. "By shortening the timeframe to detection of compromised data on the darknet, organizations can swiftly detect security gaps and mitigate damage prior to misuse of their data."
Cybersecurity Insider Newsletter Strengthen your organization's IT security defenses by keeping abreast of the latest cybersecurity news, solutions, and best practices. Delivered Tuesdays and Thursdays Sign up today
Read more
Hubway has no affiliation with World Naked Bike Ride Boston, but the company is cautiously aware that some participants could use its bikes.
If you're riding your own bike at this weekend's sixth-annual naked ride through Boston, feel free to go au naturel. But if you're taking a Hubway bike, give the next rider a break, the company pleaded Wednesday.
“For the love of all that is decent, please consider the other riders,” a spokesman for the bike-share company harrumphed in a light-hearted statement.
“While there isn't anything in the Hubway user agreement that explicitly prohibits riding naked, for safety and sanitary reasons we strongly encourage the wearing of clothing while riding,” said spokesman Benjy Kantor.
Advertisement
Hubway has no affiliation with World Naked Bike Ride Boston, but the company is aware that some participants could use its bikes. It happened in 2013.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
The ride, hosted by local advocates, is held in 70 cities each year. Attendees ride naked — or mostly so — to “expose the unique dangers” cyclists face during their daily commutes and to protest people's dependence on cars and oil, according to the event's website.
Boston's ride begins Saturday in Cambridge, where participants undress before setting off on the adventure, and winds through Somerville and Boston. The ride's Facebook event page has garnered more than 500 likes. Last year, 300 people joined the bare-naked brigade.
Noting that nudity is not required, ride organizers underscored Hubway's plea.
“Wear underwear, they are public bikes, after all,” organizers said in a statement.
STEVE ANNEAR
Steve Annear can be reached at steve.annear@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @steveannear
The Obama administration's efforts to justify the National Security Agency's vast data-gathering about Americans' phone and online communications hit a snag this week, as doubts surfaced about newly declassified details on terrorism investigations that U.S. intelligence officials released to reassure the public.
Lawmakers with access to classified information and lawyers who have followed the four cases made public said the NSA's domestic data gathering had not played the crucial role that officials assert.
“We have yet to see any evidence that the bulk phone records collection program has provided any otherwise unobtainable intelligence,” Democratic Sens. Ron Wyden of Oregon and Mark Udall of Colorado said in a joint statement.
“It is highly doubtful that these [NSA collection] programs played the kind of central role in these cases that officials have said,” said Michael German, a lawyer and former undercover FBI agent who now works for the American Civil Liberties Union.
Since contract computer technician and self-proclaimed whistleblower Edward Snowden revealed the existence of two huge top-secret NSA data-gathering programs this month, officials have struggled to justify them to the public without worsening the damage they say the revelations have caused to national security.
This week, intelligence officials at a rare public hearing told the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence that more than 50 terrorist plots, 10 to 12 of which involved a target in the U.S., had been foiled using intelligence from at least one of the NSA programs.
One of them, which uses a computer system called Prism to get real-time access to electronic communications carried by U.S. Internet and technology companies, is authorized under Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) amendments of 2008.
Prism, which allows the NSA to eavesdrop on email and text messages, as well as Internet telephone and video chat services such as Skype, is used only against targets “reasonably believed” to be foreigners outside the U.S., officials say. They acknowledge that some Americans' communications are collected “inadvertently” because they are in touch with targeted suspects.
But there has been more concern about the second program exposed by Mr. Snowden, which is authorized under Section 215 of the USA Patriot Act, a large suite of anti-terrorism laws passed hurriedly in the wake of the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
Under this program, the NSA collects so-called metadata — time, duration and destination number — about every telephone call made in the U.S. Officials told the House intelligence committee that the data helped them identify contacts between terrorists abroad and their associates in the U.S.
But even FBI Director Robert S. Mueller III acknowledged Wednesday that this huge NSA database of domestic phone calls was only “a contributing factor; one dot amongst a number of dots,” in “many” of the 10 to 12 cases involving a planned attack in the U.S.
The one case that he said wholly relied on the program was a 2003 probe that began after a tipoff about a San Diego-based supporter of al-Shabab, a Somali terrorist group with links to al Qaeda.
“We closed the investigation down,” said Mr. Mueller, explaining that agents were unable to find evidence of a terrorist connection.
In 2007, the NSA gave the FBI a phone number in San Diego that they said had been in contact with a phone in East Africa they were monitoring.
“They could not tell what calls were made to that telephone line in East Africa,” said Mr. Mueller. “And consequently, they took that number, ran it against the database and came up with this telephone number in San Diego.”
Officials then had to “go through the additional legal process” to get the name of the phone subscriber, ensure that there was “predication,” meaning sufficient grounds to open a full federal investigation, and obtain a warrant for a wiretap.
On the basis of that surveillance, four men were convicted this year of fundraising for al-Shabab.
“That is one case where you have [Section] 215 [data-gathering authority] standing by itself,” Mr. Mueller told Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick J. Leahy, Vermont Democrat.
But Mr. Wyden and Mr. Udall, the two Democrats who have seen classified information about the cases, said Mr. Mueller and other officials were giving credit to Section 215 domestic collection for foiling plots that actually were thwarted using foreign intelligence programs such as Section 702.
“Saying that ‘these programs' have disrupted ‘dozens of potential terrorist plots' is misleading if the bulk [domestic] phone records collection program is actually providing little or no unique value,” they said in their statement.
In fact, the ACLU's Mr. German said, the huge proliferation of electronic surveillance data was overwhelming the FBI and “just making the haystack bigger.”
He noted as an example of missing a needle that the FBI's Webster Commission Report into the bureau's failure to identify accused Fort Hood shooter Maj. Nidal Hasan as a jihadist called the case “a stark example of the impact of the data explosion.”
“The exponential growth in the amount of electronically stored information is a critical challenge to the FBI,” the commission concluded.
Also Thursday, the FBI acknowledged that Deputy Director Sean Joyce misspoke this week in describing to lawmakers details about another of those four cases, involving a Kansas City man called Khalid Ouazzini.
Mr. Ouazzini was placed under court-ordered surveillance by the FBI after the NSA discovered he had been in email contact with a terrorist suspect in Yemen, Mr. Joyce said. He added that the surveillance uncovered a “nascent” plot to bomb the New York Stock Exchange.
“Was the plot serious?” he was asked.
“I think the jury considered it serious, since they were all convicted,” he replied.
But an FBI official acknowledged Thursday that Mr. Ouazzini and two associates in New York had merely pleaded guilty to lesser charges of money laundering or providing support to terrorist groups.
Nevertheless, the official defended that case as an example of the program's success regardless of the specific convictions ultimately achieved.
“We stand behind the example that was provided,” he said.
Nonetheless, doubts continued to surface about the other two cases as well. In the case of David Headley, the Pakistani-American charged with aiding the 2008 Mumbai terrorist attack, the ACLU's Mr. German said the FBI had received “no fewer than five separate tipoffs that he was visiting terror training camps — two of them from his ex-wives.”
Authorities said Headley was planning an attack on the Danish newspaper that printed multiple satirical cartoons of Islam's Prophet Muhammad when the NSA program enabled officials to catch up to him.
The most serious attack officials say was thwarted was Najibullah Zazi's attempt to bomb the New York subway. Zazi was caught because his al Qaeda handler in Pakistan was emailing him from the same Yahoo account that he had used to communicate with a British-based terrorist cell broken up the previous year, official said.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Hillary Clinton's and Donald Trump's campaigns are characterizing the opposing party's candidate as a liar who cannot trust to tell the truth as they battle for the the upper-hand before the election-defining cage match.
Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook argued on the Today show that Trump is full of 'lies and distortions' that he'll try to use as subterfuge.
'We are concerned that Donald Trump may lie, he may throw misinformation out there, and that Hillary will have to spend all of her time trying to correct the record rather than talking about the things she wants to accomplish,' Mook told CBS in another interview.
The Democrat's campaign wants moderator Lester Holt to fack-check Trump if that happens. 'All that we're asking is that the record be checked,' Mook stated.
Trump surrogate Rudy Giuliani said on Fox and Friends that Clinton's the one who needs to be kept in check. She's 'probably the biggest liar that ever ran for president of the United States is going to bring up lies at the debate.'
Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook argued on the Today show that Trump is full of 'lies and distortions' that he'll try to use as subterfuge
Trump surrogate Rudy Giuliani said on Fox and Friends that Clinton's the one who needs to be kept in check. She's 'probably the biggest liar that ever ran for president of the United States is going to bring up lies at the debate'
'This is the woman who's lied maybe 15 different times about Benghazi and told three different stories,' Giuliani declared. 'I think if she wants to get to the area of lying, she's lied about things that imperil our national security.'
Clinton's campaign has been begging Holt to insert himself into the conversation if Trump makes demonstrably false claims.
Jennifer Palmieri, Clinton's communications director, actively encouraged Holt on Friday to challenge Trump when 'lies come out of his mouth at this debate.'
The candidate 'will respond when he misrepresents her own record,' Palmieri said, 'but given the historic nature of how much Donald Trump lies, it cannot be only on her.'
If the Nightly News anchor lets them stand, Trump will have 'an unfair advantage,' Palmieri claimed.
Clinton's deputy communications director Kristina Schake repeated the 'unfair advantage' charge on MSNBC on Monday morning.
Mook told CBS 'if Donald Trump lies, which he has repeatedly done in the past,' the campaign is asking 'that that be simply checked.'
Hillary Clinton's and Donald Trump's campaigns are characterizing the opposing party's candidate as a liar who cannot trust to tell the truth as they battle for the the upper-hand before the election-defining cage match. Mook's seen here selling his side to Savannah Guthrie and Matt Lauer
Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway complained this morning that Clinton's camp is trying to 'game the refs' by encouraging moderators of the three general election debates, the first of which is tonight at Hofstra University in New York, to dispute the candidates' statements on stage.
Palmieri and Mook are seeking to turn the media into an 'adjunct of the campaign' by telling journalists how to behave, Conway proclaimed on MSNBC.
'It's irresponsible for them to be telling the media...that here's your job. If you don't fact-check Donald Trump the bar is lower. Some of them even suggesting that the questions will be tougher on her because of sexism.'
'Seriously?' Conway said. 'You've been secretary of state and first lady and then a U.S. senator.'
She told the Today show, 'The Clinton campaign has clearly been gaming the refs, has been talking to the media for a week now saying, "It's your job to makes sure that Donald Trump is fact-checked in real time."
'I'm just surprised that a campaign manager would try to lower expectations that dramatically for his own candidate.'
Donald Trump's campaign manager is worried Hillary Clinton will successfully convince debate watchers that the Republican candidate for president is sexist tonight
Trump's the one who's being treated unfairly by the media, Conway charged on MSNBC.
The campaign hand says she has a stack of their tweets on her desk from reporters embedded with their campaign, 'we've printed them out,' and '92 percent of at least two of our embeds tweets are negative towards Donald Trump.'
Conway also said she's worried Clinton will successfully convince debate watchers that the Republican candidate for president is sexist
When Trump comes after her, 'she's going to try to interrupt him and confuse the people watching in such a way that he was somehow rude to a woman, he somehow lied on the stage,' GOP pollster and Trump campaign chief Kellyanne Conway predicted on Morning Joe.
And if Clinton says to him, ' "That's just not true, you're distorting my record, " ' Conway said, 'People will say, "He was mean to a woman," and the headlines will scream and Twitter will blow up, even if it's not true.'
The 90-minute, prime-time event moderated by Holt is the first of three sparring matches the White House candidates agreed to before the November election.
Stephen Miller, President Donald Trump's senior policy adviser, made the rounds on Sunday's political talk shows to defend the administration's stance on several major issues. It did not go well.
On ABC's “This Week,” he vigorously defended ― but provided no evidence to support ― Trump's lie that “millions” of people had voted illegally.
“I'm prepared to go on any show, anywhere, any time and repeat it and say the president of the United States is correct, 100 percent,” he said.
After pressing Miller several times to no avail, host George Stephanopoulos ended the segment.
“You have provided zero evidence of the president's claim that he would have won the popular vote if 3 to 5 million illegal immigrants hadn't voted, zero evidence for either one of those claims,” Stephanopoulos said. “Thanks a lot for joining us this morning.”
Joshua Roberts / Reuters White House senior adviser Stephen Miller made the rounds on Sunday's political shows.
And like the president, Miller undermined the legitimacy of the judicial branch. He slammed the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals for ruling unanimously on Thursday to reject the Trump administration' s appeal on its executive order banning refugees and immigrants from seven majority-Muslim countries.
Miller, who was influential in drafting the ban, told CBS News' John Dickerson that it was “crazy” for judges to rule on the constitutionality of laws. He also reiterated criticism of Judge James Robart, the Seattle-based federal judge who halted the ban earlier this month.
“One unelected judge in Seattle cannot make laws for the entire country,” he said. “I mean, this is just crazy, John. The idea that you're going to have a judge in Seattle say that a foreign national living in Libya has an effective right to enter the United States is beyond anything we've ever seen before.”
On “Fox News Sunday,” Miller accused the three judges on the 9th Circuit Court of “having a long history of overreaching” and characterized their decision as “a judicial usurpation of the power.” Several courts have ruled against the Trump administration over the ban.
Miller also tried to do damage control regarding revelations that national security adviser Mike Flynn reportedly communicated with and may have met the Russian ambassador in December to discuss sanctions.
Yet Miller claimed that, on this issue, the White House “did not give me anything to say,” and said that he could not speak for Trump ― even though he had represented Trump on a variety of other issues throughout the morning.
“It's not for me to speak what's in the president's mind,” he told NBC's Chuck Todd.
Trump seemed to indicate otherwise while praising Miller.
Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 12, 2017
This article has been clarified to note conflicting reports on the extent to which Flynn communicated with the Russian ambassador.
Sunday, Cleveland Cavaliers star LeBron James, joined on the stage by teammate JR Smith, spoke at Hillary Clinton's Cleveland rally.
The 2016 NBA Finals MVP encouraged voters to get out and vote, adding that Clinton “has the brightest future in the world.”
“I want people to understand—now I grew up in the inner city, and I know the whole notion of getting out and voting. I was one of those kids, and I was around the community that was like, ‘Our vote doesn't matter.' But it really does. It really, really does. We have to get out and make sure we vote. We have to get out and be knowledgeable about what's going on, about what we see that our future entails, and this woman right here has the brightest future for our world,” James told the crowd.
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent
TORONTO – The first thing you need to know about the BMO Field press box is that not all seats have been created equal.
If you're stuck in the third row, good luck to you—you're better off watching the game on the TV screens mounted on the press box walls. If you're in the second row, you can't see the near touch line. Even if you're fortunate enough to sit up front, you'll likely have to crane your neck around a pillar at some point to watch the action.
From what I hear, Seat #1, occupied by Kurt Larson of the Toronto Sun, has a lovely view. But Seat #12 on the front row is of special significance for me beyond offering a perfect sight line from corner flag to corner flag of the pitch below: It's where I've watched all but three home games as a Toronto FC beat reporter.
Ever since TFC defeated the Montreal Impact to punch its ticket to the MLS Cup, one question has been repeatedly posed to me by friends, family and co-workers: What's it been like covering this team for the past decade?
Well, let me tell you.
The last two seasons have been amazing. Getting to watch a player the calibre of Sebastian Giovinco in his prime up close and personal has been a professional highlight. The quality of the soccer on offer by TFC has been very good, the team has been winning (always a plus), and home games provide the best fan atmosphere in the city. The gameday experience for the Maple Leafs, Raptors, Argos and Blue Jays simply can't compare to what goes on at BMO Field.
A lot of hard work and personal sacrifice goes into covering this team on an in-depth basis. But I get paid to watch and write about soccer, so what do I have to complain about, right? Besides, the last two seasons have been such a fun and wonderful experience that it hasn't felt like a job at all. I count my blessings every day.
Now, Toronto FC's first eight years in Major League Soccer are another story entirely.
For most of my time covering this team, it has been a soul-sucking, crap-eating, pride-swallowing gig. Constant sniggering from my colleagues in the newsroom left me demoralized. This beat wore me out emotionally—I became incredibly jaded, and more than once I seriously considered walking away.
It wasn't the losing that bothered me. I could always deal with that. It was the sheer incompetency of this organization and the constant cycle of hopelessness that broke my spirit. The repetition of mistakes made by those charged with running the team, both on and off the field, made it seem like there was no end in sight.
That might sound like I'm over-stating it, but I'm not. What you must understand is that from 2007 to 2014, this was a bad team. I mean, comically bad. For most of that time, TFC was the laughingstock of MLS. Even the “Bloody Big Deal” season was bad, because that ill-fated, ill-conceived PR stunt made what was a mediocre campaign by most teams' standards look far worse.
Remember the nine straight losses to start 2012? The 5–0 loss to the Red Bulls on the last day of the 2009 campaign? Yeah, I'd like to forget those moments, too.
After one game against San Jose, former assistant coach Bob de Klerk asked me about an opposing player: “Who is that Sam Cronin guy? He's pretty good. We could use someone like him on our team.”
I didn't have the heart to tell him that the previous TFC coach had traded him to San Jose for practically nothing.
During TFC's inaugural 2007 MLS season, the team set a league record for futility by going 824 consecutive minutes (more than nine matches) without scoring a goal. By the fifth game, my fellow reporters and I became restless in the press box, so we started a pool, betting on which player would score to end the streak. Miguel Canizalez ended up finding the back of the net against Columbus, and the Globe and Mail's Larry Milson ended up taking the pot—he also earned the right to ask TFC's goal scorer the first question during the post-match locker room interviews.
The last-minute game collapses, the inept signings (Mista? Really?), the managerial merry-go-round, the constant turnover of the roster—for the longest time, this was a franchise enveloped in a culture of dysfunction.
After the honeymoon period that all expansion franchises enjoy, reality quickly settled in. BMO Field became a very dark place. The mood at the club was foul. It was pure poison, acidic. Going to games and trekking up to the team's training facility in north Toronto to cover practices felt like a prison sentence. Writing negative story after negative story became not only a legitimate challenge (how many ways are there, really, to write a team sucks?) but a personal hazard.
The club took notice of the tone of my coverage, and they didn't like it—and they routinely expressed their displeasure.
I've been pulled aside by two TFC captains who complained about something I wrote about them. One of them did it in a very polite and respectful manner. The other took a different approach, using a string of profanities and physical intimidation to get his point across.
I was mocked and belittled by one former coach in front of a crowd of people after I stood up for a fellow reporter, TSN's Kristian Jack, because I thought he'd been treated unfairly and with a great deal of disrespect by one of the club's assistant coaches.
A former general manager found out I was scheduled to go on a local radio station to talk about TFC during a particular low point in the team's history. Just before I was about to go on the air, I received an email from him: “Just so you know, I'll be listening. Watch what you say, because I'm marking your card.”
No, I didn't know what it meant, either. I had to quickly Google “marking your card” to discover he'd made a not-so-veiled threat.
Then there was the time a coach asked me to join him for a moment in a private room at BMO Field. “Let's have a chat,” was how he prefaced it. It wasn't a chat. He yelled at me for 10 minutes, dropping F-bombs in response to a story I wrote about how the club was unfairly shutting out one of its most iconic players. When I stood my ground, I was frozen out during press scrums, and given one-word answers—or none at all—whenever I asked a question of the coach.
There are countless other incidents of being lectured by disgruntled coaches, players and employees I could tell you about. But I also have stories about moments of genuine generosity, and kindness of spirit.
When I left CBC Sports to join Sportsnet in 2011, then-coach Aron Winter got wind of it and asked the club's media-relations manager for my phone number. Winter called me at home to congratulate me, and when I told him I was a bit nervous about making the move, he gave me a pep talk to assuage my fears.
“I have every confidence in you, John,” he assured.
Two years ago, my mother died following a lengthy battle with brain cancer. GM Tim Bezbatchenko was kind enough to give his condolences, and he even offered to miss a road trip to Columbus to attend the funeral.
“We're a family, John,” he said.
I thanked him for the gesture and told him he should go to the game.
And then there was Michael Bradley, a player with whom I have verbally jousted on more than one occasion in the press scrums. Toronto's captain has a reputation for being aloof with local reporters who cover the team, yours truly especially.
But it was Bradley who offered the sweetest condolences to me after my mom's death. After being with my family for two weeks, I finally returned to the job. At my first practice back, Bradley spotted me and walked over, patted me on the back, and said, “Sorry for your loss. You've been in our thoughts and prayers. It's good to have you back, though.”
Bradley's warm gesture underlined the sense of community that defines Toronto FC. Ultimately, that's how I've answered questions about what it's been like covering this team for the past 10 years—it's felt like I've been a part of a very special community.
Win or lose on Saturday, that community will continue to thrive. I just hope I have the privilege to be a member for another 10 years.
Sunday's episode of Outlander showed us how much of a hold Jamie's ghost still has on Claire—even when she's with her first husband. Try as she might to bring physical intimacy back into her marriage with Frank, something holds her back, and Frank calls her out on it. “Claire, when I'm with you, I'm with you,” he tells her. “But you're with him.”
When we caught up with actress Caitriona Balfe on the Outlander set in Cape Town, South Africa—where she was shooting a top-secret, spoiler-heavy scene that we'll fill you in on as the season progresses—we convinced her to take a break, snack on an orange, and share her thoughts on the status of the Claire/Frank relationship.
For someone who is supposed to look 20 years older, you've aged well. Your hair doesn't even look gray anymore…
[Laughs] It's the weather here! It's a really good town. But yeah, Claire does a few little beauty things, to try to make herself feel a little younger, as we all do. She dyes her hair!
Writer/producer Matt Roberts was just explaining how in the first few episodes, the scenes with Claire and Frank in Boston would be very Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?
Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe Kathryn Wirsing
I think when we all read the book, and figured out which scenes we'd do, we were talking about that play. Even Gary Steele, our production designer. I remember walking in to see Gary, and I was like, “I've been thinking it's a bit like…” and he said, “… like this?” And he had pictures of the play! And I was like, “Yes!” So we were all on the same page. It was just something about that confined space, and the two people who are just suffocating in their own dysfunction. Edward Albee does such an amazing job in that play of describing a dysfunctional marriage: two people who have disappointed each other so much, and then it starts to fester.
And I think that's an accurate description of Claire and Frank. They're both good people, but circumstances have dictated that they fall into this pattern. They just keep missing each other. For Claire, Frank will never be able to give her what Jamie gave her. He'll never be able to meet that expectation, ever. And for Frank, Claire has abandoned him in so many ways. I'm sure he feels a lot of resentment over that. We also wanted some moments in these first few episodes where there was still the possibility of them overcoming these obstacles, because you can't just do one note, as if everything's terrible, terrible, terrible. There's no way they could have lived together for 20 years with something that's only bad and miserable.
Which is why they try to reestablish their sex life. Which almost works, except for Frank being upset about Claire closing her eyes. Why do you think she does that?
I don't believe that Claire would be so cruel as to try and conjure up Jamie just to get through an intimate moment with Frank. I think that's very cruel, and I don't think Claire is that cruel. I saw it more than trying to shut things out, trying to be in the moment, trying to quiet those demons in a way, and she can't. She just can't. It's too painful. And Black Jack, that's part of the thing she's trying to shut out. I think it's all interlinked. I mean, Frank was such a kind and strong presence before she ever even met Black Jack, and that image of Black Jack will never replace Frank—Frank was Claire's first love, and she knows his goodness—but when she first came back, the time since she last saw Black Jack has been so short, and it was easier for those memories to linger. Probably over time, the image of Black Jack has been replaced by something else. I think she would have a hard time allowing her daughter to be around Frank so much if Jack was so present in her mind, you know? She wouldn't be able to stay.
But I also think she's so scared that if she did look in Frank's eyes, Frank would see the truth. He would know. He's a very perceptive person. It's hard to lie to somebody, given that eyes are the windows of the soul, and she's terrified of him knowing, because she's really trying hard to move on. Jamie's dead. There's no reason for her to sit and wallow in it. She has a daughter. She has the potential for happiness again. I think any woman would try and reach out for that. That's why she's reaching over to Frank. But it's just beyond her, beyond her capabilities. That's the tragedy of it.
Frank (Tobias Menzies) and Claire Randall (Caitriona Balfe) STARZ
This leads to their new arrangement, the separate beds. No more sex for these two.
She does love Frank. She loves him on a certain level, but it's just not the way he wants her to love him. She knows she can't give Frank what he needs, but she also knows he won't leave, because of Brianna. It's a struggle sometimes…. The show got known for its sex scenes so much, but we're telling a love story, and the sex is very integral to telling that story. It shows how they connect, or in this case, how they don't. Yes, people want the steaminess, but it has to have a point. Otherwise, it's just gratuitous, you know? I think we're better than that. [Laughs]
In the books, Claire and Frank have a slightly different dynamic. They do experience intimacy in some areas.
There's a scene in the book that is one of my favorites, and I was so devastated in the beginning that it was changed, although it worked so well the way we did it. I remember telling Diana Gabaldon that what I loved about how she constructed a particular scene was that Claire and Frank were in bed together, spooning, because it was cold. They were so comfortable around each other, they constructed this convenient half-intimacy. They could be physically close, and yet emotionally so many miles apart. I thought the way Diana did that was so beautiful. But I also love the way we did it. And that's why we have two different mediums for people to appreciate the story!
At least in your version, there's more of a reason to root for Frank! He's not cheating on Claire here...
I mean, would anybody blame him if he did? [Laughs] There are certain aspects of book Frank—he's definitely slightly racist in the book, and that's not a quality that should be admired—but the whole cheating thing? I personally couldn't blame him. If I were in that situation, if I were the unwilling party in an intimate relationship, I would say, “Go find your happiness wherever you can, because it won't be here!”
Pure Heroine — the highly anticipated follow-up to New Zealander Lorde's The Love Club EP — is streaming a week in advance of its due date. We heard the chart-topping single “Royals” over the summer and “Team” last week, so it's no surprise that the rest of the tracks on Pure Heroine boast the same minimalist production and thematic elements. Lorde isn't writing lyrics veiled in double-meaning and poetry — her songwriting mimics the same knee-to-the-gut bass hum that underscores her crystalline voice. Lorde is only 16 — she sings about sort-of lovers buying her orange juice, growing older, and living in ugly places. But mostly, Lorde sings about gossip. Pure Heroine is undeniably a pop record, meaning that every track will be deconstructed before critics and fans and ex-fans hang them out to dry. But Lorde has a naive bravado that makes you feel like she's ready for the onslaught. “Don't you think that it's boring how people talk?” she implores in the first moments of the album. She spends nearly 40 minutes sensationalizing this boredom before answering her own question at the record's close, “Let them talk.” Stream Pure Heroine below.
About This Game
It can be difficult to use at the beginning but, with a few minutes of practice it is a incredible form to play
If you like this system or you find any mistake or know something that could be better, please tell us and we will try to do it better.
Before the war between the Corporation and the Colonials, The Citadel Space Station was the most important spacial warehouse in the known universe, taking and leaving supplies at the colonies. The Corporation was growing up quickly and finally, they took control of the spacial commerce and the colonies began to be under their control, generating discontent among them because of their new politics. Ten years ago, the colonials rose up against the Corporation and this war started.The Citadel Station was transformed into a military station. Its facilities were converted into a large military base with a thousand of soldiers in it, a prison for war prisoners, and people tell that there are more secrets inside.During the last years, there are only three kinds of jobs: Soldier of the Corporation, soldier of the Colonies or independent bounty hunter. And the latter was your choice. For five years you have captured hundreds of colonials for the Corporation and left them at the guts of Citadel.This time, you have to get into the CITADEL station to charge your last reward in your account. You have arrived across the old lower bay 5 of the station and you only have to take your credits and get out as usual, but this time something is wrong and you are kept locked inside the station.C.S.S. CITADEL VR is not a conventional game. It is an open map with different paths and choices, and secondary goals. Your decisions and actions have consequences, and they will change the story. The exploration of the different sections and spaces will help you locate some equipment, items and functions that could help you achieve your goals. You are completely free.This game is developed with VRIS (Virtual Reality Interaction Scripts).. With this system you can interact with a lot of objects and elements in Virtual scene (there will be more interaction in the complete game) and allows you to move in room scale in a free way and in large spaces using the trackpads, but keeping your head independent from your body. You can move your head free and independently of the direction the character is moving towards.This first chapter is only a demonstration of the possibilities of a videogame made with VRIS. We are working in the complete videogame, which is going to be ready in a few months with more functions and interactions, to allow the players new degrees of freedom. At this moment we've had to eliminate some of this fuctions to make it playable and we want to know if the players can enjoy with this kind of controls and this system.
It fell to a middle-aged Roman Catholic nun to take down the controversial black Islamist flag that had flown for several days in the shadow of Canary Wharf.
Sister Christine Frost, a well-known community activist in east London, was yesterday morning preparing to take a group of residents on a day trip to the seaside at Clacton-on-Sea, when she and members of the local Muslim community decided the banner fluttering provocatively at the entrance to the Will Crooks estate had to be removed.
It was similar to the flags flown by jihadi fighters and had appeared in the largely Muslim area following a Gaza solidarity protest the previous week. But Sister Christine reasoned that it was just too much like the flags flown by the Isis group which has beheaded non-believers on its mission to create a caliphate in Iraq and Syria. It risked destabilising community cohesion, she thought.
But as the banner disappeared from the Poplar housing estate on Friday, a toxic dispute over its meaning began.
The flag had intimidated Christian residents, a city banker admitted to being unnerved by its presence, and on Thursday night there were accusations of anti-semitic behaviour by a group of youths hanging around underneath it.
Many other residents in the area – which has a large Bangladeshi Muslim population – said the black flag was simply a emblem of solidarity with the people of Gaza and represented cross border unity between Muslims.
The Arabic writing on the flag, they said, was simply the creed, or shahada, of Islam: "There is no god but Allah and Muhammad is his messenger." But it was nevertheless inescapably similar to the "flag of jihad", often used as a backdrop by suicide bombers and Islamist militants over the past 25 years.
So had the standard of the most violent, intolerant and terrifying interpretation of Islam been raised for the first time in the capital, just a half a mile from the skyscrapers of the city's principal financial district?
Whatever the reading of the flag's meaning, Tower Hamlets council, which oversees one of Britain's most multi-cultural boroughs and a population which includes a third from Bangladesh, was sufficiently concerned to say that "there is no place for hate in Tower Hamlets, whatever form it takes".
On Friday, the morning after the presence of the flag was first published by the Guardian, council officials took steps to remove the emblem only to find that it had already been taken down by Sister Christine and her helpers.
"They had no idea of the implications of the black flag being taken over by Isis fighting in Iraq, in the same way as the BNP appropriated the union jack and gave a bad feel to it," Frost later told the East London Advertiser.
It had been fixed to the apex of a metal archway alongside two banners demanding an end to the siege of Gaza and a Palestinian flag.
One Christian resident of the area, who asked not to be named, told the Guardian that he found the flag "very intimidating given what Isis are doing in Iraq to Christians and others". Anyway, he said, "an entry to a housing estate shouldn't have the creed of Islam hanging on it".
A white banker who worked for HSBC at its nearby Canary Wharf headquarters considering buying a flat in the area, saw the flag and worriedly asked a local Muslim cafe owner if it was a sign he would be bullied by the largely Muslim community if he moved in.
"As soon as we realised it was being misrepresented we took it down," said Ruhel Choudray, 31, a community worker at a local mosque. "No one thought of that black flag as a jihadi flag or Isis. They just wanted to support Gaza. There has been a big misunderstanding and the community is really shocked."
Mubin Ahmed, 36, a manager at a care support agency on the estate, also said the black flag did not denote jihadi sympathies and was an emblem of unity in Islam across borders in the face of the Israel's attacks on Gaza.
"There is excessive force by Israel and not a single country in the world is doing anything about it," Ahmed said. "I think it is another holocaust. I get the feeling that they are inflicting what the German Jewish community experienced."
Rabia Begum, 31, a cafe owner on the estate, laughed at suggestions it was related to Isis and said the "boys" who she suspected put it up would not have fully understood its connotations. It was more to do with local people's desire to make a statement about what is happening in Gaza. "When you realise people are living a big prison, don't have anything or the means to get anything, you think we have a voice and if we can make a comment it is a good thing," Begum said. Others, however, argued the flag could not have been flown without there being a more provocative intention. "The black flag with the Muslim declarations of faith written in white is known as the rayah, a symbol that has been adopted by Islamists in the last 25 years," said a spokesman for the anti-extremism thinktank, Quilliam.
They added: "Since the Bosnian conflict, it has been increasingly adopted by jihadist organisations. It is a provocative move by those who have put up the flag as they will well know its significance."
• This article was amended on 9 August 2014. It originally referred to city bankers being unnerved by the flag's presence. It was in fact one city banker. This has been corrected.
Mazda has swept the front row for Sunday's Continental Monterey Grand Prix, with Tristan Nunez taking the SpeedSource-run prototype to its first IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship pole.
Nunez reeled off a series of quick laps in a battle with teammate Tom Long for the top spot in the 15-minute session, with the 20-year-old's 1:18.143 lap edging out Long by 0.236 seconds.
It marked a historic first pole for the Japanese manufacturer in series competition after dominating the time sheets all weekend at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca, running 1-2 in every session.
The Mazdas were nearly in a class of its own in qualifying, with the No. 31 Action Express Racing Corvette DP of Dane Cameron qualifying third but 0.929 seconds behind Nunez's pole-sitting car.
Nunez will share driving duties of the No. 55 Mazda with Jonathan Bomarito as the pairing seek the manufacturer's first WeatherTech Championship victory on Sunday.
The No. 10 Wayne Taylor Racing Corvette DP of Ricky Taylor will roll off from fourth on the grid, with Christian Fittipaldi's No. 5 Action Express Corvette DP completing the top-five.
Daniel Serra stole Ford's thunder to claim the GT Le Mans class pole for Scuderia Corsa.
The Brazilian reeled off a 1:22.867 lap with less than two minutes on the clock to bump the No. 67 Ford Chip Ganassi Racing Ford GT of Ryan Briscoe from the top spot.
It marked the first pole for Serra and the Ferrari 488 GTE in GTLM competition, as the Giacomo Mattioli-led squad seeks its first class win on Sunday.
Briscoe had to settle for second, just 0.079 seconds slower than Serra, ahead of the sister No. 66 Ford, qualified by Dirk Mueller in third.
The No. 4 Corvette C7.R of Tommy Milner was fourth, with Toni Vilander completing the top-five in the No. 62 Risi Competizione Ferrari.
The P/GTLM portion of the Continental Monterey Grand Prix gets underway Sunday at 11:15 a.m. PT.
RESULTS: Qualifying
President Trump's top environment official called for an “exit” from the historic Paris agreement Thursday in what appeared to be the first time such a high-ranking official has so explicitly disavowed the agreement endorsed by nearly 200 countries to fight climate change. Speaking with Fox & Friends, Pruitt commented, “Paris is something that we need to really look at closely. It's something we need to exit in my opinion.”
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt said on Thursday that he believes the Paris climate agreement is a "bad deal for America." ( Justin Merriman / GETTY IMAGES )
“It's a bad deal for America,” Pruitt continued. “It was an America second, third, or fourth kind of approach. China and India had no obligations under the agreement until 2030. We front-loaded all of our costs.” Pruitt's claim about China and India having “no obligations” until 2030 is incorrect — while these countries do indeed have 2030 targets, they are already acting now to reduce their emissions by investing in renewable energy and other initiatives. Pruitt had called the Paris accord a “bad deal” in the past, but does not appear to have previously gone so far as to call for the United States to withdraw.
Article Continued Below
The Trump administration has previously said it is currently reviewing its position on climate change and energy policy and remains noncommittal, for now, on whether it will follow through on the president's campaign pledge to “cancel” the 2015 Paris climate agreement. Trump's recent executive order on energy policy, which set in motion the rollback of Obama's domestic Clean Power Plan, was silent on the matter of Paris. “You might've read in the media that there was much discussion about U.S. energy policy and the fact that we're undergoing a review of many of those policies,” Energy Secretary Rick Perry said in Texas on Thursday, according to prepared remarks. “It's true, we are and it's the right thing to do.” White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer has said that the administration will resolve its view on the Paris accord “by the time of the G7 Summit, late May-ish, if not sooner.” Amid this uncertainty, the statement aligns Pruitt with a more hard-line approach held by some in the Trump administration, such as Chief Strategist Stephen Bannon, rather than the more moderate take of Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who had said in his confirmation hearing that the U.S. should have a “seat at the table” in the Paris negotiations, and Ivanka Trump and her husband and Trump confidant Jared Kushner. Tillerson's former company, the oil giant ExxonMobil, has also supported the Paris accord, and in late March wrote a letter to the White House reiterating its view that “the United States is well positioned to compete within the framework of the Paris agreement, with abundant low-carbon resources, such as natural gas, and innovative private industries, including the oil, gas and petrochemical sectors.”
If the Trump administration wants to take a more moderate approach to the Paris deal, it could consider modifying the United States' current pledge to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions, rather than seeking to exit altogether. That's a tack advanced in a letter to Trump, previously reported on by E&E News, by North Dakota Republican Rep. Kevin Cramer, who argued that “the U.S. should present a new pledge that does no harm to our economy,” one that would highlight “the importance of baseload power generation, including highly efficient and low emission coal-fired and nuclear power plants.”
Article Continued Below
The Obama administration had promised the world that the United States would reduce its emissions by 26 to 28 per cent below its 2005 levels by the year 2025. The Trump administration could simply revise that pledge and make it less ambitious, and easier to attain. In the energy sector, U.S. carbon dioxide emissions have already declined by 14 per cent from 2005 to 2016, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration. The reason is more burning of natural gas, rather than coal, and a growing profusion of renewables. “It is looking like we may see them announce that they're going to stay in Paris and also announce simultaneously that they're going to revise the U.S. target under Paris to 2025,” Andrew Light, a senior fellow in the global climate program at the World Resources Institute, noted in an interview earlier this week. But he added, “look, these guys are unpredictable, and I don't think we can know.” It is far from clear how the Trump administration could actually “exit” the Paris agreement, assuming that the Pruitt line wins and the administration determines that it wants to. Now that the agreement has entered into force, it takes three years under its terms for a party to withdraw, followed by a one-year waiting period — a length roughly equal to Trump's first term in office. One of the most fervent voices pushing the Trump administration to withdraw from the Paris agreement, however, has been the conservative Heritage Foundation. Last summer, the group called the Paris deal “the latest in a series of costly policy choices the U.S. government has made because of its participation in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC),” and it urged the United States government to withdraw from the UNFCCC altogether. “Such a dramatic transformation will drive energy costs higher for developed nations and block access to dependable energy sources for developing ones,” authors from Heritage wrote about the Paris accord in one report. “America's participation in international climate change programs has wasted taxpayer money and led to questionable and harmful interventions in energy markets through government-backed financial programs, mandates and heavy-handed regulation.” In a recent op-ed in Investor's Business Daily, Heritage employees Stephen Moore and Timothy Doescher wrote that following through with the climate change promises made under the Obama administration “would effectively decapitate our coal industry, which now supplies about one-third of our electric power. If Trump allows this deal to go forward, he will unwittingly fulfil Hillary Clinton's arrogant and dastardly promise to put every coal miner in America out of a job.” They added, “We can't help wondering if the thousands of university professors, environmental activists, climatologists and government bureaucrats would be so enthusiastic if it were their jobs that were going to be eliminated.” While the Trump administration has backed away from the global leadership on climate change that President Obama pursued, other countries have embraced that role. “The Paris Agreement is a hard-won achievement which is in keeping with the underlying trend of global development,” Chinese President Xi Jinping said at the World Economic Forum earlier this year. “All signatories should stick to it instead of walking away from it as this is a responsibility we must assume for future generations.” China has also announced plans to spend more than $360 billion dollars (U.S.) over the next several years investing in renewable energy sources, such as wind and solar. In January, China's National Energy Administration outlined a plan to make massive investments in clean energy through 2020, even as President Trump has focused almost exclusively on supporting the fossil fuel industry. The country said it expects such funding to create roughly 13 million jobs, reduce emissions of greenhouse gases responsible for global warming and lessen the smog that has long plagued Beijing and other Chinese cities. As for India — which is on course to greatly increase its energy demand in coming years as electrification reaches more and more of the country's vast population — it, too, is moving to address climate change. It has, for instance, a plan to install 100 gigawatts of solar energy capacity by the year 2020 — more than double the amount that the U.S. currently has, notes Anjali Jaiswal, director of the India initiative at the Natural Resources Defense Council. “It's completely false that India is not doing anything under the Paris agreement,” said Jaiswal, noting that the country is seeking to expand solar and other forms of renewable energy both to lessen grave air pollution problems and also because the country has a vast natural solar resource. “India is not backing away from its Paris commitments and goals for renewable energy because the country has a need and desire to be more efficient as its economy grows,” added Priyavrat Bhati, an energy analyst with Center for Science and Environment in New Delhi.
Read more about:
Colton Haynes
Ya might wanna sit down for this one, Arrow fans. TV Guide Magazine has learned exclusively that the CW show — which is already exceeding its hot limit with Stephen Amell, Katie Cassidy and Colin Donnell — has just hit a major bull's eye by signing Teen Wolf alum Colton Haynes.
"We were big fans of Colton from Teen Wolf and we are thrilled he's joining Arrow," says executive producer Greg Berlanti of the actor, who is set to begin appearing on the show in 2013 as none other than Roy Harper.
DC Comics aficionados will recognize that name as the young marksman who has been known as, since his debut in 1941, the Green Arrow's sidekick Speedy, Teen Titans member Arsenal, and the Justice League's drug-addicted, one-armed Red Arrow. While details on this iteration's possible secret identity are being kept, well, secret, Haynes' Harper is being described by The CW as "a handsome, street-savvy, teenager from 'the Glades,' the harsh, poverty-stricken portion of Starling City."
The recurring role will provide a love interest for Willa Holland's Thea (who is also nicknamed "Speedy"...hmmmm), as well as some serious juice for the show's growing mythology. According to the network's breakdown on the character, in addition to falling for Ollie's little sister after crossing paths "in an unexpected way," Roy is "destined to become a significant part of her life and an important player in the larger world of Arrow." In other words, this is awesome.
The casting comes just two months after Haynes shocked Teen Wolf fans by tweeting out his decision to leave MTV's hit drama, although there is nothing surprised about how fast it took another show to snatch him up. Seriously, look at the guy.
Are you psyched to see Colton Haynes get his bowhunter on? Share your deepest feelings in the comments below!
Subscribe to TV Guide Magazine now!
Sep 21, 2014; Atlanta, GA, USA; New York Mets starting pitcher Jacob deGrom (48) pitches against the Atlanta Braves during the fifth inning at Turner Field. The Mets defeated the Braves 10-2. Mandatory Credit: Dale Zanine-USA TODAY Sports
The Washington Nationals signed pitcher Max Scherzer to a monster contract which has made them a heavy favorite to win the World Series. He joins a rotation that was already one of the better in baseball, and is now in the minds of many the best.
For months, baseball fans were anticipating where Scherzer would decide to call home in 2015 and beyond. It was such exciting news that when he finally did sign with the Nationals, I went out of my comfort zone to casually talk with a coworker about what he thought about the signing. To my surprise, he wasn't too impressed.
The token New York Mets fan on the payroll, my coworker dismissed the signing and without blinking informed me that his favorite team still had a better rotation.
He has to be crazy to think the Mets have a better starting five than the Nationals, right? I should probably tell my boss he's unfit to work for our company.
Rather than involving human resources, I thought about what he said. Rooting interest seemed like the quickest reason why he would jump to his insane conclusion.
Certainly the Mets do have a good rotation. Backed by Matt Harvey at the top with a lot of young talented arms with a high ceiling following suit, New York's second most popular baseball team certainly does have some competitive starting pitchers.
To the Mets' credit, their pitching is one most teams would be jealous of. However, the starting five remain far less proven than what the Nationals have. Harvey didn't pitch at all in 2014 and has only 36 career starts at the big league level. The veteran Bartolo Colon is ten seasons removed from his Cy Young Award in 2005 and will turn 42 in May.
My guess is that either Jon Niese or Dillon Gee is traded at some point before Opening Day. Each has experience and could fit into a rotation as a number three starter, but no better than that. Niese has a career 3.87 ERA with Gee just behind at 3.91. If traded to a team in need of some pitching depth, the Mets may get something valuable in return. For now, those two are Mets and carefully placed on the back end of a talented rotation right where they belong.
Also in the rotation is Zack Wheeler and reigning NL Rookie of the Year Jacob deGrom. Both pitched well in 2014, particularly deGrom who finished 9-6 with a 2.69 ERA. Ideally, I'd like to think the Mets' 2015 rotation would include Harvey/Colon/deGrom/Wheeler/and either Niese or Gee. The team also has talented prospect Noah Syndergaard waiting in the wings.
Meanwhile, the Nationals have a rotation that prior to adding Scherzer already included Stephen Strasburg, Doug Fister, Jordan Zimmermann, Gio Gonzalez and Tanner Roark. Strasburg, Fister, and Zimmermann all finished the 2014 season in the Top 10 of the NL Cy Young vote. Scherzer himself finished fifth in the American League voting process after winning in 2013.
The argument seems pretty one-sided at this point. The Nationals clearly do have a better rotation than the Mets. But are the Mets far behind? Past success doesn't always necessarily mean favorable results in the future. Just because everyone on the Nationals pitched well in 2014 doesn't mean they will repeat the success in 2015.
Projections are impossible to get right, so knowing which group of men will perform better is just an estimation on how they have done before. The best way to measure these two rotations might be to actually look at them individually from the ace down to the fifth starter and compare them one-on-one.
Although the rotations are not yet set, they should look something like this:
Nationals with 2014 Statistics
Scherzer: 18-5, 3.15 ERA, 1.17 WHIP Strasburg: 14-11, 3.14 ERA, 1.12 WHIP Fister: 16-6, 2.41 ERA, 1.07 WHIP Zimmermann: 14-5, 2.66 ERA, 1.07 WHIP Gonzalez: 10-10, 3.57 ERA, 1.19 WHIP
Mets with 2014 Statistics
Harvey: Did not play Colon: 15-13, 4.09 ERA, 1.22 WHIP deGrom: 9-6, 2.69 ERA, 1.14 WHIP Wheeler: 11-11, 3.54 ERA, 1.32 WHIP Niese: 9-11, 3.40 ERA, 1.26 WHIP
Number One Starters: In the small sample we have seen of Harvey, he could potentially become better than Scherzer. Who knows? He's a baby in terms of baseball experience. From what we do know so far, Scherzer remains the better pitcher.
Number Two Starters: Despite not living up to the hype quite yet, Strasburg is better than Colon is at this point. After all, Strasburg did tie for the NL lead in strikeouts in 2014. Colon will continue to regress in what might very well be his last season.
Number Three Starters: Fister's only weakness appears to be his lack of strikeouts. In 2014, he averaged just 5.4 K/9. Other than that, you'd be a fool to take deGrom over him; at least in the 2015 season. Fister is coming off a career year while deGrom has the mission of avoiding a sophomore slump.
Number Four Starters: Zimmermann could be an ace on some rotations or at the very least a number three. Instead, on the Nationals he's possibly pushed to fourth-starter status. Like so many others on the Mets, we're not really sure what to expect from Wheeler. In two seasons he's 18-16 with a 3.50 ERA. Zimmerman hasn't had an ERA higher than Wheeler's career mark since his second big league season. This could just mean Wheeler ends up better than Zimmermann one day. Right now, it definitely means Zimmermann is the one you want on the mound more.
Number Five Starters: Finally, rounding out the rotations are Gonzalez and Niese. Based on Gonzalez's somewhat lackluster 2014 season, you may want to consider Niese. However Gonzalez still averaged more than a strikeout per inning in 2014. He only took a step backwards, not a full leap. Even in terms of the future, Niese is just one year younger than Gonzalez with far fewer accolades.
In hindsight, I have to give my coworker the benefit of the doubt. Mets fans may one day be able to brag about having a rotation better than the Nationals. Today, though, he's just another baseball fan jealous that his favorite team doesn't have the cash to sign a top free agent pitcher.
UAV mimics how an eagle grabs its prey
Paul Joseph Watson
Infowars.com
March 15, 2013
A new flying drone developed by researchers at the University of Pennsylvania could one day be used to snatch humans off the street.
Justin Thomas and his colleagues at the GRASP Lab have produced an “avian-inspired” claw drone that mimics the way an eagle uses its talons to grab a fish out of the ocean.
A video clip of the drone shows the UAV swooping down at high speed to snatch an object using its 3D printed mechanical claw. By mimicking how a bald eagle sweeps its legs and claws backwards to aerodynamically close in on its prey without the need to slow down, the drone is able to grasp a stationary object with precise efficiency.
Drexel University's Christopher Korpela is simultaneously developing flight stability software for drones with arms that would enable the UAV's to carry a weighty object without them falling out of the air. The eventual purpose of the drones would be focused around “interacting with people or the environment,” although that is still a long way off according to Korpela.
Technology journalist Adario Strange envisages a future scenario where a larger version of the eagle claw drone could be used by law enforcement or military to pluck humans off the ground.
“The optimistic view of this development offers a vision of an emergency situation in which a drone could rapidly fly in and save a person from a perilous situation, but it's also fairly easy to imagine law enforcement and the military using this development to grab human targets in coming years,” writes Strange, reporting for DVice.com.
“We may be about to see a return to the days when unseen hunters lurking in the sky could easily snatch a human right off the street,” he adds, referring to the pterosaur, a flying reptile that existed 65 million years ago.
Although this incarnation of the eagle claw drone is far too small to snatch and grab a human, the potential that larger models could be deployed for that very purpose in future is sure to make many nervous.
As we reported yesterday, military insiders like Lt. Col. Douglas Pryer are warning that drone technology will soon metastasize into armies of remorseless killer robots which will be used to stalk and incapacitate human targets.
Noel Sharkey, professor of artificial intelligence and robotics at the University of Sheffield, has also repeatedly warned that the robots currently being developed under the auspices of DARPA will eventually be used to kill.
“Of course if it's used for combat, it would be killing civilians as well as it's not going to be able to discriminate between civilians and soldiers,” said Sharkey.
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor and writer for Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com. He is the author of Order Out Of Chaos. Watson is also a host for Infowars Nightly News.
After Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) handily beat former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in Tuesday's New Hampshire primary, it's worth taking a look at how unlikely the media considered his bid less than a year ago.
When he announced his campaign on April 29, the general consensus was that Sanders was a long shot who would drive Clinton to the left during the campaign. Those who put forth this consensus included The Huffington Post, which covered Sanders' announcement by writing that "Sanders isn't expected to mount a serious challenge to Clinton, but he does have an important opportunity to shape the debate in months to come."
The New York Times similarly suggested Sanders would play a role in shaping the conversation of the campaign, but noted the Vermont independent faced a steep challenge.
"Mr. Sanders's bid is considered a long shot, but his unflinching commitment to stances popular with the left -- such as opposing foreign military interventions and reining in big banks -- could force Mrs. Clinton to address these issues more deeply," the Times wrote while covering Sanders' initial announcement. The Associated Press also noted that Sanders will "start his campaign as a distinct underdog against Clinton, who remains the dominant front-runner."
Since then, Sanders has received over 3 million campaign contributions.
CNN initially questioned Sanders' viability because he was not a registered Democrat.
"Sanders caucuses with the Democrats in the Senate but is an unlikely candidate for the Democratic nomination, primarily because he has never been a registered member of the party and calls himself a 'democratic socialist,'" said a story on CNN.com. But a June Gallup poll released two months after Sanders announced his candidacy found that 47 percent of voters would consider voting for a socialist for president.
Politico wrote off Sanders' candidacy almost immediately, publishing an item in Politico Caucus the day after Sanders announced his campaign under the headline "Dems to Bernie: Fat Chance." The item quoted "the most important activists, operatives and elected officials in Iowa and New Hampshire," and 93 percent of those on the Democratic side said Sanders would not win their state.
In addition to winning New Hampshire, Sanders finished just behind Clinton in the Iowa caucuses.
'Immunity for the Sahara or immunity for PM Narendra Modi?' tweeted Rahul Gandhi on 'Sahara diaries'
Highlights Sahara offices raided, politicians with bribes listed in papers PM Modi among them, should order inquiry: opposition Documents not credible, Sahara can't be prosecuted: tax panel
The opposition alleged today that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been ensured unwarranted protection by tax officials who have decided not to investigate the Sahara Group over alleged bribes that were paid to politicians, according to "diary entries" found in raids on the company's offices in 2014.November's decision to not prosecute Sahara, first reported in The Indian Express newspaper, reverses exactly what the same department - the Income Tax Settlement Commission - had decided in August last year.The "Sahara diaries" refer to papers and computer print-outs which reportedly named politicians from different parties, including Mr Modi while he was Gujarat Chief Minister and Congress leader Sheila Dikshit, along with amounts paid to them as bribes.The Settlement Commission, which reports to the Finance Ministry, allows corporates and others to disclose or confess to income beyond what has been taxed. The agency then decides the penalty that is due by mediating between tax officials and the corporate.Last November, it heard Sahara's appeal, and, in its order, agreed with the conglomerate's claim of "dumb documents written by some disgruntled employees." The commission also finds, "under the circumstances we are satisfied that the applicant has put before us all the relevant facts and has cooperated in the proceedings. As such we consider it to be suitable case for grant of immunity from penalty and prosecution under the Income Tax Act 1961. The same is nearby granted."The tax panel delivered its decision, siding with the Sahara, just three days after hearings finished. It also reduced the amount on which tax liability is to be calculated for the Sahara from about 1,200 crores to 137 crores, which was found in cash during the raids. After paying taxes and a penalty, the matter will end for the company."Immunity for the Sahara or immunity for Modiji? If your conscience is clear Modiji why fear investigation?" tweeted Congress leader Rahul Gandhi. "Modiji scuttling all enquiries against him. Proves he took bribes," posted Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, also on Twitter. Lawyer-activist Prashant Bhushan has asked the Supreme Court to order an investigation against the Sahara and the listed politicians. At its last hearing, the court said it needs credible evidence to back the allegations of corruption. The next hearing has been set for the 11th of this month.
A high-ranking official at the Colorado Department of Transportation made his case Monday for adding toll lanes to widen Interstate 25 from Monument to Castle Rock.
Michael Lewis, interim executive director of CDOT, said toll lanes are the best solution for “reliability and mobility” and that the revenue they would generate will be needed to pay for maintenance on the widened stretch of highway.
Under the current proposal, a pair of Express Lanes – similar to the toll lanes on U.S. 36 from Denver to Boulder – would be added to the 17-mile stretch, widening the interstate from two to three lanes in each direction.
Data shows toll lanes have helped relieve congestion on other Colorado highways. Since the Express Lane project was completed on U.S. 36 in 2015, commuters in all lanes have been able to travel at speeds 20 to 29 percent faster during peak hours, according to CDOT.
Lewis said “there's still some uncertainty” regarding the funding for the $350 million I-25 widening. Officials hope to pay for the $350 million project with a combination of local, state and federal money. But CDOT won't know until the spring if the project has been chosen for a highly competitive $65 million grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation.
Read the full story on Gazette.com.
If an embargo is successful in preventing Iran from selling a significant amount of oil on the world market, what would replace it?
On Friday the White House released the following statement:
there currently appears to be sufficient supply of non-Iranian oil to permit foreign countries to significantly reduce their import of Iranian oil, taking into account current estimates of demand, increased production by some countries, private inventories of crude oil and petroleum products, and available strategic petroleum reserves and in fact, many purchasers of Iranian crude oil have already reduced their purchases or announced they are in productive discussions with alternative suppliers.
That the President or anybody else is counting on the world demand for petroleum curve to shift left in 2012 seems doubtful. And which are the countries from which increased production is anticipated? Libyan production averaged only 500,000 barrels/day in 2011, and if things go well could soon be producing a million barrels more than that daily. In the meantime, disruptions in Sudan, Syria, and Yemen have taken out a separate 640,000 barrels/day. The best hope is perhaps Saudi Arabia, which presumably has been making private statements to U.S. officials similar to this public statement from Saudi Oil Minister Ali Naimi last Wednesday:
Saudi Arabia's current capacity is 12.5m barrels per day, way beyond current levels demanded, and a reliable buffer against any temporary loss of production. Saudi Arabia has invested a great deal to sustain its capacity, and it will use spare production capacity to supply the oil market with any additional required volumes.
Where have we heard something like that before? Maybe this statement from June 2004 rings some bells:
Oil Minister Ali al-Naimi, in Beirut ahead of the OPEC meeting, said Riyadh was “fully ready” to increase its oil production in an effort to trim soaring prices to the cartel's target range of $22-28 a barrel.
Or perhaps this one from August 2004:
Making good on a pledge made in May, Saudi Arabia announced Wednesday it is prepared to increase oil output by up to 1.3 million barrels per day — 14 percent — to cope with world demand. ….[Adel al-Jubair, foreign affairs advisor to Saudi Crown Prince Abdullah] said the Saudis had informed all of their customers within the last week of the kingdom's intention to make additional crude oil available to the international market.
Just for fun, here's a graph of actual Saudi production in the years following those statements, with the date of the second quote above noted by a vertical line.
And in case you've been hiding in a hole for the last few years, here is what actually happened to the price of oil after those words. To help your imagination, I've also drawn a horizontal line at $28, the upper end of the price range referred to.
Moving along through the President's list of alternatives in the first quote above, what about a release from strategic stockpiles? This may well happen, but it's obviously only a temporary stopgap. I'm therefore inferring that Plan A is the embargo successfully shuts down Iranian exports, the world gets by for a short while on releases of strategic reserves, the Iranians cry “uncle” within a few months, and President Obama enjoys a great diplomatic success.
I guess my only question is, what does Plan B look like?
This article originally appeared on Econbrowser.
iPod touch comes with iOS 12 and a collection of powerful built-in apps. Send unlimited texts with iMessage over Wi-Fi. See your friend's every expression with a FaceTime video call. Post a photo directly to Facebook or Twitter. Or browse your favorite sites with Safari.
Messages Send free messages over Wi-Fi to anyone on an iPod touch, iPhone, iPad, or Mac. And those messages can be made even bolder with bubble effects, full-screen effects, invisible ink, and more. Take a photo or video and send it without leaving Messages. Share locations and links. Name your group chats, and mute or leave the conversation whenever you like. Learn more about Messages
Music Wherever your music comes from, everything you've collected from the iTunes Store and beyond lives in one place. And with an Apple Music membership, your collection sits alongside the ever‑growing Apple Music library. It's like having just about every song ever recorded at your fingertips. Learn more about Apple Music
FaceTime With the FaceTime HD camera, you can take your best selfies and group shots, and make video or audio calls over Wi-Fi to an iPod touch, iPhone, iPad, or Mac.2 Learn more about FaceTime
President Obama must recapture his previous success for the mid-term elections
By Kevin Connolly
BBC News, Washington
As Barack Obama prepares for the challenge of the mid-term elections next month, Kevin Connolly considers whether the president is losing his magic touch, or whether the US political system means all presidents are doomed to fail. President Obama was back on the road at a series of huge rallies across the United States doing what he does best - rallying the troops, steadying the ship, and cajoling the sceptical. Obama's popularity has fallen despite the elation following his election I think I may have got that habit of writing in triplets from listening to his speeches where he is fond of employing them to clarify, to explain and to persuade. At his best he is an electrifying speaker. The voice is still an instrument of beauty and flexibility even when it sounds a little tired, but somehow the folksy metaphors clunk these days when once they soared. The American economy is a car for goodness' sake, and last time they were in power the Republicans drove it into a ditch. He has just got it backed out and up on the road again, and now here they are demanding the keys back. The crowds are still there, of course, but some of the magic and momentum that swept Obama to power in 2008 are largely gone. He is not the first president to find that wielding power in this country is even harder than winning it. Of all the possibilities that seemed likely on that glitteringly cold January morning when he was inaugurated, the one that very few seemed to consider was the simplest of all - that the man whose election represented an extraordinary break with the racial divisions of the past might turn out to be no more than an ordinary president. 'Too much' democracy? Now less than two years into his first term - which of course may be his only term - he finds himself back on the campaign trail again, this time propping up Democratic Party candidates in the mid-term congressional elections. I used to live in countries where there clearly was not enough democracy: communist Poland, for example, and the Soviet Union. Obama has the job at a moment in history when it may be on the point of becoming impossible
Living in the United States is starting to make me wonder if it is not possible to have too much democracy. The 2008 presidential election campaign lasted a whole year, even if you discount the schmoozing, skirmishing and spending that went on before that. Within months of Mr Obama winning there was already talk of how his hands were tied on America's more intractable problems - like illegal immigration - by the mid-term elections which were already on the horizon. Those elections have not even happened yet, and already this week I have seen two stories about candidates who may, or may not, be running for the Republican presidential nomination in 2012. This country's election cycles are starting to interlock and overlap. Still, in the old days, once you were president your contract with the people was simple. You were the architect of its future, the orchestrator of its mood and a permanent presence in the national living room. It has never been easy, but Mr Obama has the job at a moment in history when it may be on the point of becoming impossible. 'Psychotic' media Twenty-four-hour news is a magnet always tugging at the compass needle of the administration energy and attention. The media is turning into a psychotic toddler that cannot rest until the obsession of the moment has been assuaged, and then cannot remember it five minutes later. President Obama has had a turbulent time in office Every day this bruising spin cycle picks up the issue of the moment like a tornado ripping a barn up off the prairie. It does not like to put it down again until it has drawn the president in for a comment. That is fine when the issue is important like the BP oil spill. It is ludicrous when, for example, it is a row over why a white police officer arrested a black professor of history in a frankly piddling incident that briefly obsessed the nation. As the man who ran for office as no-drama Obama is supposed to have said, America wants a president who is good in a crisis until there is a crisis. The rancorous way in which Washington works also makes government difficult. The Republican minority has been obstructive and begrudging, probably more so than Democratic minorities were in the past. Obscure procedural rules dating back to the days when senators used to arrive at Capitol Hill on horseback, are used to block the appointments of relatively minor officials. Bipartisanship is a ghost from that vanished America where newspaper boys used to whistle show tunes and bartenders always knew your name. But, it is more than that. The tide that swept Barack Obama to power has shifted and his touch has deserted him, at least for now. It is likely that come next month he will find himself working with a Republican majority at least in the House of Representatives, and that will open questions about his own re-electability in 2012 - there you are, there I go now. Oddly enough, that form of ideologically uncomfortable cohabitation often works. Once you get over the built-in bias towards spiteful inertia it can provide a built-in bias towards centrism and pragmatism. They will tell you that when Bill Clinton lost his democratic majority in the House in 1994, it was the making of his presidency. Still, look out for Barack Obama working crowds, raising cash and denouncing opponents in those elegant triplets in the next few weeks. Enforced cohabitation may be good for the soul, but any politician worth his salt will do anything to avoid it. How to listen to: From Our Own Correspondent BBC Radio 4: Saturdays, 1130. Second weekly edition on Thursdays, 1100 (some weeks only) BBC World Service: See programme schedules Download the podcast Listen on iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As Agent Carter she was a muse to superheroes. Directors praise the professional example she sets. Now she is ascending into the period drama stratosphere in the new TV adaptation of Howards End
It was Hayley Atwell who, four years ago, predicted that her 30s and 40s would not be the years when she started worrying about roles drying up, but rather the decades in which she would thrive as an actor. “I'm meant to be an older actor rather than a teen or a 20s starlet,” she said. She is now 35. “I didn't feel comfortable with the pursuit of that: I wanted to know who I was as a human being first.”
After years working in classy and well-received dramas – she is also well-known to Marvel fans as secret agent Peggy Carter in the Captain America films and the Agent Carter TV spin-off – Atwell is about to gain a broader audience. In the much-anticipated BBC adaptation of Howards End, which begins on Sunday, she takes on the role of the independent and intellectual Margaret Schlegel (famously played by Emma Thompson in the 1992 Merchant Ivory film). It says something about this point in Atwell's career that she was offered the role, rather than auditioned for it.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Independent … Hayley Atwell with Tracey Ullman, left, and Alex Lawther in Howards End. Photograph: Laurie Sparham/BBC/Playground Television UK Limited 2017/Laurie Sparham
The director, Hettie Macdonald, had remembered Atwell from her first big TV role in The Line of Beauty, the 2006 BBC adaptation of Alan Hollinghurst's novel, and had seen her on stage. “We thought she was the right person,” she says. “I think she has many qualities of Margaret – she has wit, a real interest in the world, an appetite for life, a curiosity, brains. And on the flipside, she can really access a vulnerability and clarity of emotional thought, because Margaret does go on quite a big emotional journey. We needed someone who [had] this energy and great passion, but who also had the ability to constantly reflect on that. Margaret is always criticising herself, self-doubting, and interestingly is quite horrible at times, and it just seemed that Hayley could do all those things at the same time.”
There were other things, beyond acting ability, that Atwell brought to the drama, says Macdonald. “The thing I didn't know and was pleased by was her integrity about how she approaches a role, the amount of work she did, she was full of ideas, she had a lot to say and had a tremendous passion and enthusiasm for it. As the leading actress, she set the tone for every single person on the set, just by arriving on time, ready to go, loving it. And I can't tell you what a huge difference that makes.”
If she was remotely daunted by the looming shadow of the film version, and Thompson's Oscar-winning take, Macdonald didn't see it. “We didn't ever discuss it. We discussed the book a lot.” Atwell, however, revealed this week that she had talked to Thompson, who became a friend after they worked together on Brideshead Revisited and The Duchess, about the role. The advice she was given was: “Please don't watch what I did. This is your Margaret.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Hayley Atwell in The Line of Beauty. Photograph: BBC
Atwell grew up in west London with her mother, a motivational speaker. She spent summers in the US with her American father, a photographer and Californian shamanic guru, and has described a bohemian, New Age-y childhood (hot coals were walked across, and feelings talked about). It seems to have given her a ton of confidence, and a strong sense of responsibility, both to herself and to others. “My parents would never say, ‘You're so pretty.' They'd say I was smart and strong, and had something to say. They said I should speak up and out.” When one Twitter user asked, “Why are you so beautiful?” about Atwell's appearance on the cover of a German TV magazine, she replied, “Why am I so Photoshopped?”
She has talked about the time a film producer – recently revealed to be the disgraced Harvey Weinstein – on the set of Brideshead Revisited told her to lose weight, and that she looked like a “fat pig” on screen. Emma Thompson stepped in and threatened to walk off the film if it happened again. “You're not a model. You're an actor,” Thompson told her. “In the end, they accepted me for who I was,” said Atwell. “If I am going to be in a show, if I am going to be in the public eye and therefore be influencing what younger women watch, then I've got to engage in the bigger conversation.”
The arts were important in her childhood, and Atwell has described being taken to the Hackney Empire at the age of 11 to see Ralph Fiennes play Hamlet as a defining moment. Her mother, Atwell said, “thought that going to the theatre was as important a ceremonial, communal experience that a person could have. She was always very moved by the power that it had to open your mind. I found it genuinely thrilling.”
At the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, her teacher remembers her “warmth and generosity of spirit”. “You can't always tell at drama school if someone is going to do really well but Hayley was exceptional,” says Ken Rea, professor of drama. “She had that rare quality for an actor – she could combine a sense of playfulness with sharp theatrical intelligence. That gave her both empathy – audiences could identify with what she was doing – and an authority on stage, audiences believed her utterly. It also gave her a sense of danger – she would always surprise you.”
What did he think was driving her? “I think she was always ambitious, but then most actors who come to Guildhall are. She was very driven and I'm sure she had a good social life and all that, but she had a great sense of integrity and purpose. That sort of quality will help someone get to the top.”
Soon after drama school, Atwell was cast in Woody Allen's Cassandra's Dream, not one of his more successful films. Parts in a slew of period dramas followed, including the 2007 BBC film Mansfield Park, the 2008 film Brideshead Revisited, and two William Boyd adaptations – Any Human Heart for Channel 4 and Restless for the BBC in 2010.
Atwell was also making progress in the theatre. She was directed twice by Nicholas Hytner at the National Theatre – for Major Barbara in 2008, and The Man of Mode the year before – and in 2009 played the spirited niece in Arthur Miller's A View from the Bridge. “I was looking for someone who was warm and vulnerable and had a strong charismatic presence on the stage,” says the director Lindsay Posner. “She fitted the bill. She's got great generosity and warmth when she performs. I remember she was a delight to work with because she was very keen and happy to work in very close detail with the script and the development of the role. My strongest memory is that she gives a sense of spontaneity on stage and is always very truthful and won't hide behind an actors' technique – she's never mannered on stage.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘She just projected authority' … Hayley Atwell with Chris Evans in 2011's Captain America: The First Avenger. Photograph: Marvel Studios/Sportsphoto Ltd/Allstar
But she dispelled any ideas that she was becoming a certain type of serious British actor, by going up for the role of Peggy Carter in Captain America (though she noted at the time that it, too, was a period piece, being set in the 1940s ). “The main reason I did Captain America was because I wanted to get out of my own head and stop taking my work so seriously,” she said.
She's the most professional actor I've ever met, more prepared than anyone else on set Stephen McFeely
The screenwriters Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely first saw Atwell at her final audition, having decided they wanted to make the character British (in the comic, she is American). “It takes place in the 40s, there weren't too many women in areas of authority at that point, and we wanted her to essentially be the most capable person on the screen at that time,” says Markus. Atwell, he remembers, “just projected so much authority and intelligence. When Hayley walks on screen, you trust her all of a sudden, like ‘a grown up has entered the room and someone responsible will take over'.”
She is, says McFeely, “the most professional actor I've ever met. She takes direction incredibly well, she's more prepared than anyone else on set. If you give her small adjustments you never have to give it more than once. She understands the scene and she can use her instrument maybe better than anyone I've seen.” When Agent Carter was commissioned as a TV show (it ran from 2015 to 2016), McFeely says it was “a relief when we figured out she was a leader by example. Because she's working the hardest, that sprinkled down through the entire crew and the cast.”
That said, when she's not working, says Markus with a laugh, “she's ridiculous. If there's any kind of practical joke going on on set she will be involved, and probably started it.” McFeely adds: “She's serious about her job but not necessarily serious about herself.”
Potted profile
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Hayley Atwell in London this month Photograph: Jeff Spicer/Getty Images
Born London, 1982.
Career Her first major role was in The Line of Beauty soon after drama school, followed by parts in Mansfield Park, Brideshead Revisited and The Duchess. She appeared in the dramas The Pillars of the Earth, Any Human Heart and an episode of Black Mirror. She first appeared as Peggy Carter in the 2011 film Captain America: The First Avenger, and later in Agent Carter which ran from 2015-2016. She played the lead in the US legal drama Conviction and is about to appear in Howards End for the BBC.
High point Getting her own TV show, Agent Carter.
Low point Agent Carter being cancelled.
She says “I don't want to work for the sake of working or for money or for raising my profile because any time I've had an inkling of going down that direction it ended in vanity, insecurity and a transient feeling of success.”
They say “She's not precious. There are plenty of actors who are fantastic on screen but it's a little painful to watch them get there, but she's quite human when she's not acting” – Christopher Markus.
michael pilarski (skeeter)
I first met michael pilarski when I signed up for a permaculture course in 2005. Before arriving, I had read every permaculture book printed, hundreds of web pages about permaculture and had been active on the permaculture mailing list for years. I felt I was there just to go through the formalities of taking a permaculture design course.
I mercilessly pounded skeeter with questions. Every day. And he had a well qualified, gentle answer for every one. His level of knowledge is spectacular. His manner is something that buddhist monk's would envy. Always smiling, always happy. Attending that PDC was one of the best things that ever happened to me, and I know it is thanks to skeeter.
In 2009 skeeter was the master of ceremonies for the washington state permaculture convergence. One morning he offered to lead a group of early birds a little ways up a nearby trail and share some wildcrafting knowledge. I'm glad I remembered to bring my camera!
best wood for a wooden spoon
I asked the question because we had been talking about the best wood for a wooden spoon on the forums.
serviceberry wood is the best wood for a tipi fire
Serviceberry is also known as juneberry and saskatoon. Serviceberry has a freaky deep taproot and is an excellent permaculture plant!
lightning brings nitrogen to your soil
When I first posted this video, I let the folks in the forums know and it created a lot of discussion in the thread called soil nitrogen from lightning
eating stinging nettles
My favorite part is where he says that if he had two acres of nettle, he could make his entire living from nettles alone. There is a huge discussion on harvesting and eating nettle on the forums.
cottonwood trees
This video has a little bit of overlap with the spoon wood video for the first 50 seconds. Lots more information about cottonwood trees in the forums.
maple trees
Discussion about this in the forums: maple tree
epiphytes: plants that grow on trees symbiotically
In the fall of 2010 I visited Michael Pilarski and took some more video on his home turf.
dandelions as a plant that you harvest and sell
organic farmed/wildcrafted herb storage
Fin
For more information about skeeter and how to contact him, go to his website: friends of the trees
Thanks!
If you like this article, please link to me. Click on one (or many) of the social network links below. Linking to this article from a forum is nice. Or even better, mention this article in a blog!
Many thanks!
Model National Statute for the Promotion of Tolerance is a document prepared by a group of experts of the European Council on Tolerance and Reconciliation (ECTR), which regulates the legal relationship in the sphere of tolerance. It has been unanimously adopted – under the sponsorship of the ECTR – by a group of experts consisting of five scholars from different countries and from diverse backgrounds: Prof. Yoram Dinstein (Professor Emeritus of International Law and Human Rights, Tel Aviv University, Israel) (Chair); Dr. Ugo Genesio (retired Judge, the Italian Supreme Court); Prof. Rein Mullerson (Rector, University Nord, Tallinn, Estonia); Prof. Daniel Thürer (Professor Emeritus of International and European Law, University of Zurich, Switzerland); and Prof. Rüdiger Wolfrum (Director, Max Planck Institute for Comparative Public law and International Law, Heidelberg, Germany).
The Model Statute is designed for adoption by the respective national legislatures of European States. Its purpose is to fill a vacuum: although all European States are committed to the principle of tolerance, nowhere is this principle defined in binding legal terms. The principal challenge in preparing the Model Statute was to go beyond rhetoric and generalities, spelling out concrete and enforceable obligations that ensure tolerance and stamp out intolerance. The ECTR has presented this document in a series of meetings and seminars with international organizations, including the Council of Europe and the OSCE. As a result, there is currently a joint ECTR-European Council task force which is working on its implementation.
The document has been officially presented to public by ECTR Chairman Alexander Kwasniewski and ECTR Co-Chairman Viatcheslav Kantor on October 16, 2012 in Brussels and later has been passed to Martin Schulz, President of the European Parliament.[1] Talking of the need for “rules, proposals, laws” to make tolerance mandatory across the EU, Kantor introduced ECTR's proposals for a general law of tolerance.[2]
Expanding on the Model Law for Promotion of Tolerance, a version of which it seeks to make mandatory across all 27 member states, Chair of the Task Force in charge of its inception Yoram Dinstein said that “tolerance is the glue that cements together the bond between distinct groups in a single society”. “The definition of tolerance itself needs to be established”, asserted Dinstein. “Whilst current definitions of tolerance would preclude racism and religious-based bigotry, anti-Semitism must be individually stated as a separate definition”.
“Holocaust denial should be a crime,” he continued, as should “denial of any genocide which has been ruled on by an international court”.
A common point of reference was needed by member states, in order to establish the distinction between tolerance and its limitations, he added. The exceptions to tolerant thought and speech ranges from female circumcision to Burka wearing, according to the draft, which it argued provided an obstacle to crime prevention.
Another potential tolerance minefield arises from the issue of migration, he suggested. “Migrants are entitled to tolerance by society as much as anyone else, but they have a duty to integrate into their adopted society - if they're not prepared to do so, they should be forced to leave, subject to a legal process,” he continued, adding that “integration does not mean assimilation”.
“The future of the EU is very much interconnected to migration,” interjected Kwasniewski. “We cannot support an ageing demography without migration. Tolerance would help us in coping with inevitable migration, which is the future of a multi-cultural EU.”
“A dedicated centre must be established to provide migrants with a transitional period to integrate into their adopted country,” added Kantor.[3]
“The EU and European governments need to stem the growing violent extremism and narrow what is acceptable on the political spectrum to strengthen the mainstream,” he said. “With this in mind the ECTR has empowered a group of eminent international jurists to create a Model European Statute for the Promotion of Tolerance.”
The Model Statute[4] consists of a legislative text with accompanying explanatory notes. The text consists of a Preamble and nine substantive Sections:
The Preamble gives full expression to the duality of diversity and solidarity in society, emphasizing that the overriding consideration is coexistence.
Section 1 deals with four definitions: (a) "Tolerance"; (b) "Group"; (c) "Group libel"; and (d) "Hate crimes".
Section 2 states the Purpose of the Model Statute. A list of examples of intolerance is enumerated, including "xenophobia, anti-Semitism, anti-feminism and homophobia".
Section 3 lists the main human rights the enjoyment of which is covered by the obligation of tolerance.
Section 4 is the limitations clause, and in many respects it is the key provision. The explanatory notes mention many contemporary issues from terrorism to female circumcision.
Section 5 deals with migrants, one of the issues that currently are uppermost in the public mind in Europe.
Section 6 relates to implementation. The Draft Model Statute sets up a National Tolerance Monitoring Commission – an independent body composed of eminent persons from outside the civil service – vested with the authority to serve as a watchdog.
Section 7 covers penal sanctions.
Section 8 addresses the issue of education. The basic idea is to promote the culture of tolerance from a very early age and to go on into adult education.
Section 9, the last one, goes into the issue of the media, empowering a Press Complaints Commission – set up by the media themselves – to supervise implementation of the law.
Invasive plants hit Kentucky hard
It was so warm in December it seemed as if those buttercup bullies might soon be spreading a blanket of invasive yellow across Cherokee Park bottomlands.
Ranunculus ficaria, or the fig buttercup, forms dense mats and is one of many plants remaking Kentucky and Indiana's landscapes, threatening to replace a variety of native wildflowers including populations of wild geranium, crinkleroot, certain native onions and trillium.
Buy Photo Pat Haragan examined porcelainberry, an invasive vine, in Cherokee Park, in 2010. (Photo: C-J files)
A new mapping tool unveiled last year shows just how invaded Kentucky and Southern Indiana are, according to the U.S. Forest Service, whose researchers developed the database that allows for the map.
The map it has created reveals the portion of the more than 741 million acres of forested land in the United States that has been under assault by aggressive foreign plants. Ours are generally shaded orange, signaling they are between 50 to 80 percent invaded. It appears Kentucky also has some red zones, meaning between 81 and 100 percent are invaded.
“For this study, our intention was to let people see how large data sets can be used to understand macro-scale issues and monitoring forest invasion," said Qinfeng Guo, a study co-author and research ecologist with the Eastern Forest Environmental Threat Assessment Center.
"This broad-scale study gives us a wider perspective that one can't get from local studies,” he said in an agency write-up of the research, which was published last year in the journal NeoBiota.
The problem in Cherokee Park – which native plant lovers have been battling – is made worse because of all the pavement and buildings in the Beargrass Creek watershed. A lot of the rain that falls in the area gets quickly funneled into the creek, instead of being absorbed into the ground, scraping away topsoil, making it ideal for the buttercup to take over.
In 2010, I took a deep dive into the world of invasive species and reported how foreign plants, animals and bugs often arrived as a result of misguided efforts. Like kudzu. It was endorsed for decades by the federal government to prevent soil erosion – before it became known as "the vine that ate the South" and the subject of eradication programs in Kentucky, Indiana and elsewhere.
Invasion intensity map for plants. (Photo: US Forest Service)
Even the Asian bush honeysuckle, perhaps the most pernicious invasive plant in the area, was part of the original plan for Louisville's Olmsted parks. It has been at the center of an expensive and labor intensive removal effort.
"Olmsted wanted dense plantings to allow for a buffer from the outside world," Liz DeHart, spokeswoman for the Olmsted Parks Conservancy in Louisville, told me at the time. "Now we have discovered what some of the negative effects are. It takes over and prevents additional growth of native trees."
Other plants are brought in for commercial sales at nurseries but escape from backyards into forests, such as the smothering vine called porcelain berry. Its turquoise, blue and lavender berries stand out against the green foliage of a lush forest in summer.
We've got it bad in the east, the forest researchers found.
Eastern forests have a higher invasion-intensity – a higher percentage of sample sites containing invasive plants of concern – than far western forests, the researchers found. The difference: 46 percent compared to 11 percent. Hawaii's forests have the highest invasion-intensity, at 70 percent, and forests in Alaska were tied with the intermountain region (think Utah, Nevada, western Wyoming and southern Idaho) at 6 percent, the lowest invasion-intensity.
Officials in Indiana and Kentucky both track invasive plants but largely rely on volunteer efforts to prevent them from spreading, such as recommending the best management practices, organizing invasive species removal crews, and keeping lists of the most evil culprits.
In Kentucky, the Kentucky Exotic Pest Plant Council, Kentucky affiliate of the Southeast Exotic Pest Plant Council, has the responsibility of keeping a list of the most severely invasive plant threats to Kentucky. Its current list can be found online. The Kentucky Division of Forestry also maintains a list on its website of the 10 worst plant threats.
And each year, the Bernheim Arboretum and Research Forest, the Southeast council, and the Environmental Resource Management Center at Northern Kentucky University publish a poster identifying the least wanted plant, along with alternatives.
With spring weather not far away, this is a good time to study up on invasive plants and follow the Kentucky forestry division's advice: Be on the lookout for these plants and avoid planting them in your yard. Instead, look for alternatives that are more forest friendly.
Buy Photo Olmsted Parks Conservancy volunteer Neil Cornell of St. Matthews, looked to cut an invasive honeysuckle shrub from Seneca Park in 2012. (Photo: C-J files.)
Reporter James Bruggers writes this Watchdog Earth blog. Reach him at (502) 582-4645 and at jbruggers@courier-journal.com.
Read or Share this story: http://cjky.it/1ReaE2y
There is frequently much discussion as to why we cycle slower in winter than in summer. There are several reasons put forward for this often observed phenomena, some of which are well reasoned and some of which are pure nonsense.
Why Slower?
Some of the reasons put forth for slowness in winter are as follows:
Cold bearings and grease are stiffer and harder to turn
You need your energy to keep warm
Your tires are colder and therefore have greater rolling resistance
You tend to ride softer tires for better control on ice
Your clothing is bulkier, making it more difficult to push your shape though the air.
You are dressed in heavier clothing, making that much more weight to carry
You are dressed in heavier clothing which resists your movement making pedaling harder
People simply don't like generating the steam-bath like atmosphere inside of winter clothing, and therefore psychologically resist working as hard as in summer
Air Density is greater and impedes your progress through the air
Are We Slower? There is one school of thought that holds that we are not indeed slower at all, and any difference in speed is comparing apples to oranges in that we are riding different equipment (mountain bikes instead of road bikes) using different tires (fat tires, perhaps with studs rather than road tires) and carrying more weight of clothing, boots, etc. Now I won't volunteer to do a time trial on my road bike, at 5 degrees, dressed in my summer shorts and short-sleeved jersey in winter. And I admit, that when pressed for time, or feeling spunky, I can still achieve my summer speeds on my road bike in winter. But its a lot more work. I'm about 3 to 5 mph slower in winter riding the same bike and the same tires. If I switch to my studs the difference is greater still. These numbers seem to agree with those reported by other members of the Icebike mailing list. We do indeed seem slower in winter!
Lets examine each of these claims and attempt to weigh each as a factor in determining winter speed differences. In some cases the data is not readily at hand, and we will have to use intuitive measures. We will assign and estimate of overall effect to each factor. If a factor is correctable, it gets the weight of its corrected state.
Cold Bearings
Cold bearings are indeed slightly stiffer to turn. This can be very pronounced if you have water in your bearings and they have frozen solid. Too heavy of a grease can cause problems in your freewheel when you want to coast, the chain wants to keep turning the cranks. You might also find your cranks difficult to turn in really cold temperatures. (If this is the case you want to check our winter maintenance page).
But this is, in the end, a maintenance problem, like a dry chain, or a rubbing brake. One that most icebikers take care of before they start complaining about it slowing them down significantly. It can be fixed by the application of the proper grease.
Try this test: suspend your front tire, and give it a spin, making sure the brakes don't rub. Time it till it stops. Try it again after the bike has sat out over night. Try to spin it with the same amount of force. Time it till it stops.
You should find a small difference between the two times. This difference represents the degree of increased rolling resistance attributable to cold bearings. If the spin downtime is cut in half, then the miniscule part bearing friction plays in slowing your bike in warm weather is twice as much in cold weather.
However, two times zip is still zip. Bearing friction is never much of a factor in well maintained bikes. It is easily swamped by tire inflation, which in turn is swamped by aerodynamic drag.
Harder to test and more likely to be a source of increased resistance is your crank. You just have to go by feel as you hand turn it backwards when cold. Or derail the chain on the inside so that it is off the chain rings all together. Now give the cranks a spin and they should whiz around freely. If not, it might be time to overhaul the Bottom Bracket.
Correctable to Estimated Maximum Effect: 1%
Using Energy to Keep Warm
If you've been icebiking for more than three days you already know that you generate a lot of heat while cycling in winter and that dressing too warm can cause problems. No significant amount of energy is being diverted to keep you warm, you are pumping out way more heat than you need anyway. Sorry, that dog won't hunt.
Estimated Maximum Effect: 0%
Cold Tires
Cold tires can be stiffer, as anyone knows who has gotten into a car at 40 below and CLUNKED down the street on “square” tires. After a few blocks, the heat of flexing warms the sidewalls enough that this effect disappears.
This must pertain to bicycles too, but I have no idea of how to measure the effect. Perhaps some of the tire companies have a handle on this.
Related to this is the fact that we often run our tires at lower inflation in winter (for better traction). This, while a real source of increased rolling resistance, is not germane, since we are usually wise enough to take it into account. Besides, some of us ride the same tires year around, varying only the pressure. In the Dead of winter, on bare pavement, we will run the same pressure as in summer, and still feel slower.
Combining these two effects, rolling resistance may be higher just due to colder temperature air in the tires creating a lower pressure. Tires inflated in a warm house will seem under inflated after being outside at 10 below. Again I would expect this effect to be small.
Therefore, Items 3 and 4 are jointly attributed a rather small effect, which for sake of argument, and until better data comes along, I will arbitrarily set at an overall effect of 3%, which I believe is generous.
Estimated Maximum Effect: 3%
Less Aerodynamic Shape
Even the same rider on the same bike is bound to be less aerodynamic in bulky winter clothing than in summer shorts and a jersey. Even baggy summer shorts and a sloppy Tee shirt.
A rough measure of this can be obtained by measuring your width in a jersey and comparing that to your width in your winter clothing. The width of your arms may almost double, your torso may grow by 2 to 4 inches in width. Most likely, those riders that are concerned about being aero in summer carry this concern over into their winter riding. There is only so much you can do in the way of aero clothing when it gets really cold.
On a flat road, aerodynamic drag is by far the greatest barrier to a cyclist's speed, accounting for 70 to 90 percent of the resistance felt when pedaling. The best aero tuck of professional cyclists still yields a constant 6 pounds of drag while riding in calm air. A more upright MTB is closer to 10 pounds.
Jim Martin is a doctoral candidate at the University of Texas and is the Director of Sports Science for Team EDS. He has served as a consultant for USA Cycling's Project '96. Jim has used a mathematical model for cycling in his studies of aerodynamic drag.
One of the interesting tidbits in Jim's data is that body size does play a part in drag calculations as you would expect. Larger riders suffer more drag. Jim found that this did not tend to handicap them because they also had more power, the power increased with body size faster than drag did.
For a regular bike (no aero wheels) a 200 pound rider suffered a pound and a half more drag than a 125 pound rider. This was due solely to body size.
This may be comparable to the increase in drag due to bulky clothing. It may well be that a 125 pound rider bulked out in winter gear now suffers the drag penalty of a 200 pound rider, without the benefit of the additional power.
If the numbers are anywhere close, this represents roughly a 15% penalty for winter garb. I suspect it is less than that, because many winter cyclists wear winter tights so that their lower half is still about as aero as in summer, except for the larger boots flailing through the air.
Therefore, I think there is some evidence to attribute a fairly large effect to the drag-ie nature of winter gear, and I will arbitrarily assign a range as indicated below. (We can argue about later).
Estimated Maximum Effect: 5 to 10%
More Weight
More weight due to winter clothing is unlikely to cause the difference in speed of the degree we notice in winter riding.
Again, Jim Martin has estimated that a 5 pound increase in weight will only cost you an additional 30 to 50 seconds over a 40k constant climb of a 3 percent grade (70 minute run), and far less on flat ground. Weight itself is not a significant penalty unless it includes bulk, and bulk's penalty comes from drag. On hills weight does matter, but no more so in winter than in summer. I've assigned this a weight equivalent to 30 to 50 seconds out of a 70 minute run.
Estimated Maximum Effect: 0.8%
Hard to Pedal in Heavy Clothes
Anyone who has ever tried to ride in tight blue jeans knows its harder to pedal in inappropriate clothes. This can really affect the up stroke where your leg is generating little real work anyway.
The difficulty in finding good cold weather riding tights may necessitate use of cloths designed for other sports, or several layers of tights and long underwear. Even when super cold weather tights are found, they are somewhat more bulky and can add to the effort involved.
This is really hard to quantify because there exist no measurements of how hard it is to bend your leg. I asked a Physical Therapist if there existed such a measure. She just laughed at me.
Many riders report increased resistance well before the need to break out the really stiff winter tights, often beginning to be noticeable at just above freezing. So while this is a real problem, we are going to give it a lower effect rating because we just can't measure it.
Estimated Maximum Effect: 1%
Discomfort Avoidance
I often find I am reluctant to work hard and generate a sweat when dressed for cold weather. Lets face it, in spite of the claims of breathability. of modern fabrics, they don't really start breathing until the “microclimate” inside of them is way warmer and wetter than you would like. I imagine that a hot muggy day in Alabama might be almost as appealing for a workout.
I will be the first to admit that this may be an indication that I am over dressed for the conditions at hand (and still they ask “Aren't you cold out there?”)
It is a strictly psychological barrier, and winter cyclists can do something about it such as gauge the temperature more closely, and you can force yourself to work harder.
Still, it does present a deterrent, although I would be hard pressed to rate it or measure it, but I don't think it is a real significant.
Estimated Maximum Effect: 1%
Higher Winter Air Density
Air density can play a surprisingly large part in winter cycling. Winter temperatures in the range experienced by icebikers can drive air density up significantly.
As air gets colder, it gets more dense. There are more atoms of the various composite gasses and water molecules occupying less space. Per unit of volume, the air weighs more.
At left is a table of air density values in Kilograms per Cubic Meter of air. At 77 degrees (F) one cubic meter of air weighs 1.18 Kilograms. By the time your down to Minus 40 it weighs 1.5 kg.
If your frontal area when on your bike is one square meter (probably close) and you are moving at 25kph (15.6mph), you will move about 7 meters a second and you will push 8.26 kg of air out of the way every second.
That's in summer. In winter, at about 5 degrees (F) (-15C) you must push 9.57 kg out of the way every second. That's 15% more work every second.
If you are used to a level of effort sufficient to carry you comfortably along at 20mph (32kph) you will find you have to work 15% harder, or accept a speed of 17mph (27kph).
At lower temperatures, this additional effort can amount to over 25% more work.
When combined with other factors that slow you down in winter, this can be a significant impediment. Icebiking should make a great training program.
Note: cold air can hold less water vapor than warm air. Water, as we all know, is heavier than air, but water vapor is lighter than air. As a consequence, moist air is lighter than dry air. These tables and graphs were calculated for sea level and zero percent humidity. If you factor in the moisture content of summer air, the density could well be less than 1.18kg per cubic meter. Since winter air is usually very dry at low temperatures, the difference in air density may well be more than this conservative analysis points out. The effect of water vapor is not great, which is why it was factored out of these figures.
Degrees F Degrees C Air Density (kg/m3) Percent Chg. 77.0 25 1.184 0.00% 68.0 20 1.204 1.71% 59.0 15 1.225 3.47% 50.0 10 1.247 5.30% 41.0 5 1.269 7.19% 32.0 0 1.292 9.16% 23.0 -5 1.316 11.19% 14.0 -10 1.341 13.31% 5.0 -15 1.367 15.50% -4.0 -20 1.394 17.79% -13.0 -25 1.423 20.16% -22.0 -30 1.452 22.63% -31.0 -35 1.482 25.21% -40.0 -40 1.514 27.90%
Estimated Maximum Effect: 10 to 20%
Conclusion
If we take just the two big ticket items from the above list, Higher Air Density, and Less Aero Shape (drag) we have forces at work (and some numbers to back them up) that can account for 15 to 30 percent greater effort to maintain the same speed, or 15 to 30 percent reduction in speed.
So using these numbers, a 20mph rider gets reduced to 14 to 17mph (30% and 15% reduction respectively). The 17mph rider gets knocked down to 14 or even 12 mph.
We have therefore accounted for typical speed reductions reported by die hard icebikers, without having to resort to use of those factors of which we are unsure.
When you add to this an allowance for lower tire pressure, the added rolling resistance of studs, the increased wind in winter, and the effort needed to plow through snow or slush you will see that there is ample reason that we are indeed slower in the winter.
The pro-Palestinian organizers had described the fleet with which they had hoped to break through the Israeli sea blockade of the Gaza Strip on Monday morning as a "humanitarian aid convoy." But as the Israeli army stormed the largest ship, the Mavi Marmara, the activists they encountered were in no way exclusively docile peaceniks. Some of the "peace activists" received the Israelis with crow bars and sling shots. Some of the self-professed "human rights activists" reportedly even tore the weapons from soldiers and began to shoot.
That's not what a peaceful protest looks like.
But the reaction from Israel, a state which proclaims to adhere to the rule of law, was far from appropriate. Regardless how prepared to engage in violence the organizers of the ship convoy might have been: With at least 15 dead, all on the side of the activists, and more than 30 injured, some seriously, one thing is certain: Israel carelessly threw one of the most important principles of the application of military violence overboard: the proportionality of military force.
On Sunday, French philosopher Bernard Henri Levy, speaking about Israel's military, said he had never seen "such a democratic army, which asks itself so many moral questions." But it is doubtful he would repeat that sentence following Monday morning's incident. And a number of questions remain to be answered:
Why did Israeli soldiers shoot at the passengers from helicopters flying overhead?
What did the Israeli navy board the ship when they could have simply blocked the ships' paths?
And why did Israel strike in international waters, long before the fleet had arrived in Israeli waters?
Free Publicity for Israel's Opponents
In Jerusalem, officials are claiming Israel only exercized self defense. They say the activists used "extreme violence," and that they alone are responsible for the high number of victims. But it is Israel which carries the primary responsibility. The military behaved impulsively. It overreacted and showed no compassion for the victims.
"We call on the world not to fall into the trap of this provocation," Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon said.
But his country showed just how disproportionately it reacts to provocation -- consequences be damned. And the consequences go beyond global condemnation.
Arabs living in Israel have taken to the streets because Sheikh Raed Salah, one of the leaders of the Israeli Arab Islamic Movement, was among those injured in the military action. Members of Hamas, too, whom Israel has now given a free moment of global publicity, pilloried the blockade of the Gaza Strip before the cameras of international broadcasters. And Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was forced to cancel a planned visit with US President Barack Obama on Tuesday, thus further straining an already tense relationship.
Israel was fair in arguing that there is no humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza. For most of the Palestinians living along the coastal strip, life is anything but comfortable because Israel refuses to allow many goods to enter into the country. But nobody is starving. Nevertheless, with its heavy-handed military action, Israel has created the impression that it has something to hide in Gaza.
Former Israeli Foreign Minister Abba Eban once quipped that the Palestinians never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity (for reaching peace).
With Israel, precisely the opposite is true: In times of crisis, Israel seems to search for opportunities to turn the world against it.
The director of issues analysis of the fundamentalist American Family Association (AFA) on Thursday warned that “homofascists” were going to make anti-LGBT Christians wear badges like Jews had to wear during the Holocaust in Nazi Germany.
During his Focal Point radio show, AFA's Bryan Fischer explained that he was outraged that Dr. Ben Carson decided to drop out as commencement speaker at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine after his comments linking same-sex marriage to bestiality.
“If you don't believe in sodomy-based marriage, you're not prepared to endorse and sanction sodomy-based marriage, you have no place in this institution,” Fischer complained. “So we're getting to the point — I don't know what the emblem would be — remember when the Jews in Nazi Germany, they had to wear a yellow Star of David on their sleeve? I mean, we're getting to the point now, that's what they're going to make us do.”
“I don't know what the symbol would be, I'd have to think about that,” he continued. “We're getting to the point where these homofascists are going to force us to wear on our sleeves some kind of identifying marker so people will know who the racists and the homophobes and the bigots are, and can stay away from them.”
In fact, men arrested for homosexuality in Nazi Germany were forced to wear inverted pink triangles as identifying badges in labor and concentration camps.
“As part of the Nazis' attempt to purify German society and propagate an ‘Aryan master race,' they condemned homosexuals as ‘socially aberrant,'” according to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum. “Many survivors have testified that men with pink triangles were often treated particularly severely by guards and inmates alike because of widespread biases against homosexuals.”
Watch this video from AFA's Focal Point, broadcast April 11, 2013.
(h/t: Right Wing Watch)
Kshama Sawant of Seattle showed socialist victories are possible. Will they spread?
Much of the Left 'has assimilated a culture of low expectations and isolation,' Moore says. 'But this is something the Left should be capable of doing in many cities.'
“Indian-origin Kshama Sawant is first elected socialist in U.S.,” read a headline from The Times of India, the world's most widely circulated English-language daily. This was testament to the attention Sawant's campaign for Seattle City Council has generated—and to how much of America's socialist heritage has been forgotten.
Sawant isn't even the thousandth elected socialist in the United States, much less the first. At its peak a century ago, the Socialist Party of America polled at 6 percent nationally, had two representatives in Congress and boasted hundreds of state and local legislators.
But for more than a generation, socialism has been virtually invisible on the American scene. Its return in several high-profile local city council races—Sawant's in Seattle, Ty Moore's in Minneapolis and Seamus Whelan's in Boston—has been surprising. Especially given the genesis of this push: not just widespread dissatisfaction with the economy and growing social inequity, but the efforts of a small Trotskyist party called Socialist Alternative.
Socialist Alternative first emerged as “Labor Militant” in 1986. Its activists were inspired by the example of the U.K. socialist group “Militant tendency,” which sought to enter the British Labour Party in order to radicalize its rank-and-file. A decade later it would use its position on the Liverpool City Council and elsewhere to lead an aggressive campaign against the Thatcher administration's cuts to social programs.
The American militants adapted their tactics to the conditions in their own country. Without a mass social-democratic party to enter into, Socialist Alternative used its early influence in the now-defunct U.S. Labor Party of the late 1990s to advocate for electoral opposition to Democratic Party politicians. In the coming years the organization would be active in social movements, but it wasn't much of a presence even by the slim standards of the American Left. It had neither the clout of the Democratic Socialists of America nor the number of activists of the largest American bastion of Trotskyism, the International Socialist Organization.
That all changed with the latest election cycle, when Socialist Alternative decided to run openly socialist candidates in just the right races.
The results, particularly for Sawant and Moore, were impressive. Sawant defeated longtime Democratic incumbent Richard Conlin by more than 1,000 votes. Moore lost, but by a narrow margin of 229 votes out of more than 4,000 casts, despite running against Democratic candidate Alondra Cano, who attracted last-minute support from prominent Minnesota Democrats like Rep. Keith Ellison, co-chair of the Progressive Congressional Caucus, and Sen. Al Franken, as well as corporate interests such as the National Association of Realtors.
Sawant's victory and Moore's close race have been labeled by some progressives as Cinderella tales of sorts: scrappy first-time politicians backed by a marginal socialist party battling against the Democratic Party. There's something appealing about the narrative. Yet the reality on the ground was different.
Sawant and Moore had the backing of the local housing and immigrant rights movements, as well as labor. Sawant drew official endorsements from four different union locals, including her own, the American Federation of Teachers Local 1789. Moore attracted the support of the Service Employees International Union (SEIU) Minnesota State Council.
Javier Morillo, president of SEIU Local 26, one of the council's three member locals, says the union saw an opportunity to shift debate in the city to the left by supporting Moore.
“Progressive governance needs left flanks,” Morillo says. The union's “goal is always to move the ball forward as far as we can on progressive issues. That's what we did in this race.”
Both candidates out-fundraised their opponents and had access to labor and community activists willing to put in long hours to support their campaigns, creating a vastly superior ground game to the Democrats. Sawant also had the curious support of prominent liberal media outlets—most notably Seattle's alt-weekly The Stranger, which endorsed her campaign early on and covered it closely.
The Stranger news editor Dominic Holden says that while the paper, and most Seattleites, don't share Sawant's politics, they saw in Sawant someone who would take on the “toady, aging city council that is increasingly out of touch with the people who live here.”
“The fact that she is a socialist is irrelevant to most people and is irrelevant to us,” Holden says. “What's exciting is that she's presenting actual policy ideas about how to solve some of the problems in our city.” Those “actual policy ideas” were basic social-democratic demands. Moore, anchored in the city's large and militant housing-rights campaign and running in an immigrant community, called for a moratorium on foreclosures and deportations. The centerpiece of Sawant's campaign was a push for a $15 per hour minimum wage, echoing the ongoing national push by fast-food workers. She also raised the idea of rent control in a city where housing costs are skyrocketing. Both the minimum wage and affordable housing became central not only to Sawant's race, but to Seattle's other 2013 campaigns as well.
“People said, ‘Okay, maybe I'm not a socialist, but I support these demands, and I like that this person seems like a serious fighter for these demands,' ” Sawant says. “A lot of people told us after the campaign that they voted for us because they were excited about social justice, and, ‘Oh, by the way, who was that guy you were running against? I have no idea who he is.' ”
Though Sawant has secured a seat in City Hall, she sees electoral victories as offering limited gains. “This can't be our endgame,” she says. “We can't accept that pushing the Democrats to the left is as far as we can go. We are looking for a much, much bigger change in society. But it's a process, and you have to bring people with you on the things you agree with, while being honest about your disagreements.”
Conditions on the ground may be better than they've been in the past, but this was still the victory of a committed, media-savvy minority. Yet the lesson from both campaigns is clear: Socialists can win, as long as they patiently build organizational capabilities, raise adequate funds and win over key segments of the Democratic coalition. With these conditions in place, Sawant's Democratic opponent was outgunned and Moore's barely pulled off an upset.
Much of the Left “has assimilated a culture of low expectations and isolation,” Moore says. “But this is something the Left should be capable of doing in many cities. … These are times when very bold initiatives can take off.”
Do these campaigns represent an electoral model ready for export elsewhere? Minneapolis and Seattle are cities with long progressive histories and electorates open to insurgent candidates. But Sawant says that rather than trying to attribute their success to unique factors in the two cities, leftists should figure out how to be successful in other contexts around the country.
“There are always specificities. You can pick any issue in global history and say it was unique to its context,” Sawant says. “There are openings everywhere. … It would be irresponsible of us on the Left if we didn't take advantage of them.”
Socialists should not expect to always succeed when they engage in mass politics. This is a period of slow regroupment—of setback, as well as advance. But the Socialist Alternative campaigns show that those willing to take risks might find themselves in a position most on the Left aren't used to: winning.
The Web Summit is securing its position in the Portuguese capital of Lisbon with the opening of its first office outside of Ireland.
The relationship between the Web Summit and the Irish Government has been strained since the former announced in 2015 that it was to take one of the biggest tech events in Europe from Dublin to Lisbon, as part of a three-year deal.
Now, the company that organises the event – led by its founder Paddy Cosgrave – is trying to mend relations with the hiring of an Irish Government affairs manager, but not before it announces the opening of its first office outside of Ireland.
At a conference this afternoon (26 April), Cosgrave and members of the Portuguese government officially opened the new office in Lisbon where, starting on 8 May, it will host eight Web Summit employees.
The company said that it is planning to hire 20 staff, with a focus on recruiting engineers.
As part of this, a new team dedicated to start-ups will be created, led by the Web Summit's head of start-ups, Patrick Griffith.
Additionally, the Web Summit said prior to today's announcement that it plans to hire twice that number in its original Dublin office, bringing its staff tally to 180.
These jobs will similarly be in the area of engineering, but also within sales and policy.
Dublin return?
Cosgrave and the Web Summit have been bullish about the event's success, revealing that more than 35,000 attended the first Lisbon Web Summit. This is expected to almost double to 65,000 this year.
In an attempt to heal the wounds between the Government and the Web Summit, it is understood that the smaller MoneyConf fintech event may be heading to Dublin, having been based in Madrid until now.
However, speaking with the Irish Independent, Cosgrave was coy as to whether the Web Summit itself might be moving back to Dublin in the future.
“We're back working with the Irish Government,” Cosgrave said. “The Web Summit's most important supporter from the start, by a wide margin, was [IDA Ireland].
“They're back as one of our partners. There's a lot of positivity and a lot of change. It's an interesting time for Ireland and not just because of Brexit.”
Date Sun, 1 Apr 2012 00:33:21 +0800 From "Paul E. McKenney" <> Subject [PATCH RFC] Simplify the Linux kernel by reducing its state space Although there have been numerous complaints about the complexity of
parallel programming (especially over the past 5-10 years), the plain
truth is that the incremental complexity of parallel programming over
that of sequential programming is not as large as is commonly believed.
Despite that you might have heard, the mind-numbing complexity of modern
computer systems are not due so much to there being multiple CPUs, but
rather to there being any CPUs at all. In short, for the ultimate in
computer-system simplicity, the optimal choice is NR_CPUS=0.
This commit therefore limits kernel builds to zero CPUs. This change
has the beneficial side effect of rendering all kernel bugs harmless.
Furthermore, this commit enables additional beneficial changes, for
example, the removal of those parts of the kernel that are not needed
when there are zero CPUs.
Signed-off-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@linux.vnet.ibm.com>
Reviewed-by: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
---
alpha/Kconfig | 11 ++++++-----
arm/Kconfig | 6 +++---
blackfin/Kconfig | 3 ++-
hexagon/Kconfig | 9 +++++----
ia64/Kconfig | 9 +++++----
m32r/Kconfig | 10 ++++++----
mips/Kconfig | 21 +++++++++++----------
mn10300/Kconfig | 3 ++-
parisc/Kconfig | 6 +++---
powerpc/platforms/Kconfig.cputype | 8 ++++----
s390/Kconfig | 12 +++++++-----
sh/Kconfig | 11 ++++++-----
sparc/Kconfig | 8 ++++----
tile/Kconfig | 9 +++++----
x86/Kconfig | 16 +++++++++-------
15 files changed, 78 insertions(+), 64 deletions(-)
diff --git a/arch/alpha/Kconfig b/arch/alpha/Kconfig
index 56a4df9..1766b4a 100644
--- a/arch/alpha/Kconfig
+++ b/arch/alpha/Kconfig
@@ -541,14 +541,15 @@ config HAVE_DEC_LOCK
default y
config NR_CPUS
- int "Maximum number of CPUs (2-32)"
- range 2 32
+ int "Maximum number of CPUs (0-0)"
+ range 0 0
depends on SMP
- default "32" if ALPHA_GENERIC || ALPHA_MARVEL
- default "4" if !ALPHA_GENERIC && !ALPHA_MARVEL
+ default "0" if ALPHA_GENERIC || ALPHA_MARVEL
+ default "0" if !ALPHA_GENERIC && !ALPHA_MARVEL
help
MARVEL support can handle a maximum of 32 CPUs, all the others
- with working support have a maximum of 4 CPUs.
+ with working support have a maximum of 4 CPUs. But why take
+ chances? Just stick with zero CPUs.
config ARCH_DISCONTIGMEM_ENABLE
bool "Discontiguous Memory Support (EXPERIMENTAL)"
diff --git a/arch/arm/Kconfig b/arch/arm/Kconfig
index a48aecc..1f07a3a 100644
--- a/arch/arm/Kconfig
+++ b/arch/arm/Kconfig
@@ -1551,10 +1551,10 @@ config PAGE_OFFSET
default 0xC0000000
config NR_CPUS
- int "Maximum number of CPUs (2-32)"
- range 2 32
+ int "Maximum number of CPUs (0-0)"
+ range 0 0
depends on SMP
- default "4"
+ default "0"
config HOTPLUG_CPU
bool "Support for hot-pluggable CPUs (EXPERIMENTAL)"
diff --git a/arch/blackfin/Kconfig b/arch/blackfin/Kconfig
index abe5a9e..6a78549 100644
--- a/arch/blackfin/Kconfig
+++ b/arch/blackfin/Kconfig
@@ -241,7 +241,8 @@ config SMP
config NR_CPUS
int
depends on SMP
- default 2 if BF561
+ range 0 0
+ default 0 if BF561
config HOTPLUG_CPU
bool "Support for hot-pluggable CPUs"
diff --git a/arch/hexagon/Kconfig b/arch/hexagon/Kconfig
index 9059e39..daab009 100644
--- a/arch/hexagon/Kconfig
+++ b/arch/hexagon/Kconfig
@@ -158,13 +158,14 @@ config SMP
config NR_CPUS
int "Maximum number of CPUs" if SMP
- range 2 6 if SMP
- default "1" if !SMP
- default "6" if SMP
+ range 0 0 if SMP
+ default "0" if !SMP
+ default "0" if SMP
---help---
This allows you to specify the maximum number of CPUs which this
kernel will support. The maximum supported value is 6 and the
- minimum value which makes sense is 2.
+ minimum value which makes sense is 2. But a limit of zero is
+ so much safer!
This is purely to save memory - each supported CPU adds
approximately eight kilobytes to the kernel image.
diff --git a/arch/ia64/Kconfig b/arch/ia64/Kconfig
index bd72669..fea0e6d 100644
--- a/arch/ia64/Kconfig
+++ b/arch/ia64/Kconfig
@@ -373,16 +373,17 @@ config SMP
If you don't know what to do here, say N.
config NR_CPUS
- int "Maximum number of CPUs (2-4096)"
- range 2 4096
+ int "Maximum number of CPUs (0-0)"
+ range 0 0
depends on SMP
- default "4096"
+ default "0"
help
You should set this to the number of CPUs in your system, but
keep in mind that a kernel compiled for, e.g., 2 CPUs will boot but
only use 2 CPUs on a >2 CPU system. Setting this to a value larger
than 64 will cause the use of a CPU mask array, causing a small
- performance hit.
+ performance hit. And setting it larger than zero risks all
+ manner of software bugs, so we just play it safe.
config HOTPLUG_CPU
bool "Support for hot-pluggable CPUs (EXPERIMENTAL)"
diff --git a/arch/m32r/Kconfig b/arch/m32r/Kconfig
index ef80a65..68b9e88 100644
--- a/arch/m32r/Kconfig
+++ b/arch/m32r/Kconfig
@@ -300,14 +300,16 @@ config CHIP_M32700_TS1
default n
config NR_CPUS
- int "Maximum number of CPUs (2-32)"
- range 2 32
+ int "Maximum number of CPUs (0-0)"
+ range 0 0
depends on SMP
- default "2"
+ default "0"
help
This allows you to specify the maximum number of CPUs which this
kernel will support. The maximum supported value is 32 and the
- minimum value which makes sense is 2.
+ minimum value which makes sense is 2. Zero may not make sense,
+ but given that there is much in this world that does not make
+ sense, zero it is!
This is purely to save memory - each supported CPU adds
approximately eight kilobytes to the kernel image.
diff --git a/arch/mips/Kconfig b/arch/mips/Kconfig
index 5ab6e89..3d7d06c 100644
--- a/arch/mips/Kconfig
+++ b/arch/mips/Kconfig
@@ -2192,16 +2192,16 @@ config NR_CPUS_DEFAULT_64
bool
config NR_CPUS
- int "Maximum number of CPUs (2-64)"
- range 1 64 if NR_CPUS_DEFAULT_1
+ int "Maximum number of CPUs (0-0)"
+ range 0 0 if NR_CPUS_DEFAULT_1
depends on SMP
- default "1" if NR_CPUS_DEFAULT_1
- default "2" if NR_CPUS_DEFAULT_2
- default "4" if NR_CPUS_DEFAULT_4
- default "8" if NR_CPUS_DEFAULT_8
- default "16" if NR_CPUS_DEFAULT_16
- default "32" if NR_CPUS_DEFAULT_32
- default "64" if NR_CPUS_DEFAULT_64
+ default "0" if NR_CPUS_DEFAULT_1
+ default "0" if NR_CPUS_DEFAULT_2
+ default "0" if NR_CPUS_DEFAULT_4
+ default "0" if NR_CPUS_DEFAULT_8
+ default "0" if NR_CPUS_DEFAULT_16
+ default "0" if NR_CPUS_DEFAULT_32
+ default "0" if NR_CPUS_DEFAULT_64
help
This allows you to specify the maximum number of CPUs which this
kernel will support. The maximum supported value is 32 for 32-bit
@@ -2212,7 +2212,8 @@ config NR_CPUS
This is purely to save memory - each supported CPU adds
approximately eight kilobytes to the kernel image. For best
performance should round up your number of processors to the next
- power of two.
+ power of two. And just think how much more memory we will
+ save by setting the limit to zero!
source "kernel/time/Kconfig"
diff --git a/arch/mn10300/Kconfig b/arch/mn10300/Kconfig
index 8f1c40d..85fc112 100644
--- a/arch/mn10300/Kconfig
+++ b/arch/mn10300/Kconfig
@@ -201,7 +201,8 @@ config SMP
config NR_CPUS
int
depends on SMP
- default "2"
+ range 0 0
+ default "0"
source "kernel/Kconfig.preempt"
diff --git a/arch/parisc/Kconfig b/arch/parisc/Kconfig
index 242a1b7..358eaf8 100644
--- a/arch/parisc/Kconfig
+++ b/arch/parisc/Kconfig
@@ -254,10 +254,10 @@ config HPUX
depends on !64BIT
config NR_CPUS
- int "Maximum number of CPUs (2-32)"
- range 2 32
+ int "Maximum number of CPUs (0-0)"
+ range 0 0
depends on SMP
- default "32"
+ default "0"
endmenu
diff --git a/arch/powerpc/platforms/Kconfig.cputype b/arch/powerpc/platforms/Kconfig.cputype
index 425db18..5e607e0 100644
--- a/arch/powerpc/platforms/Kconfig.cputype
+++ b/arch/powerpc/platforms/Kconfig.cputype
@@ -356,11 +356,11 @@ config SMP
If you don't know what to do here, say N.
config NR_CPUS
- int "Maximum number of CPUs (2-8192)"
- range 2 8192
+ int "Maximum number of CPUs (0-0)"
+ range 0 0
depends on SMP
- default "32" if PPC64
- default "4"
+ default "0" if PPC64
+ default "0"
config NOT_COHERENT_CACHE
bool
diff --git a/arch/s390/Kconfig b/arch/s390/Kconfig
index d172758..f9bc067 100644
--- a/arch/s390/Kconfig
+++ b/arch/s390/Kconfig
@@ -169,15 +169,17 @@ config SMP
Even if you don't know what to do here, say Y.
config NR_CPUS
- int "Maximum number of CPUs (2-64)"
- range 2 64
+ int "Maximum number of CPUs (0-0)"
+ range 0 0
depends on SMP
- default "32" if !64BIT
- default "64" if 64BIT
+ default "0" if !64BIT
+ default "0" if 64BIT
help
This allows you to specify the maximum number of CPUs which this
kernel will support. The maximum supported value is 64 and the
- minimum value which makes sense is 2.
+ minimum value which makes sense is 2. The minimal value that
+ makes sense might well be 2, but we all know that the only
+ -sane- value is zero!
This is purely to save memory - each supported CPU adds
approximately sixteen kilobytes to the kernel image.
diff --git a/arch/sh/Kconfig b/arch/sh/Kconfig
index 713fb58..5ddc7c0 100644
--- a/arch/sh/Kconfig
+++ b/arch/sh/Kconfig
@@ -705,18 +705,19 @@ config SMP
If you don't know what to do here, say N.
config NR_CPUS
- int "Maximum number of CPUs (2-32)"
- range 2 32
+ int "Maximum number of CPUs (0-0)"
+ range 0 0
depends on SMP
- default "4" if CPU_SUBTYPE_SHX3
- default "2"
+ default "0" if CPU_SUBTYPE_SHX3
+ default "0"
help
This allows you to specify the maximum number of CPUs which this
kernel will support. The maximum supported value is 32 and the
minimum value which makes sense is 2.
This is purely to save memory - each supported CPU adds
- approximately eight kilobytes to the kernel image.
+ approximately eight kilobytes to the kernel image. Debloating
+ is the way, NR_CPUS to zero today!!!
config HOTPLUG_CPU
bool "Support for hot-pluggable CPUs (EXPERIMENTAL)"
diff --git a/arch/sparc/Kconfig b/arch/sparc/Kconfig
index ca5580e..0de9f0f 100644
--- a/arch/sparc/Kconfig
+++ b/arch/sparc/Kconfig
@@ -177,10 +177,10 @@ config SMP
config NR_CPUS
int "Maximum number of CPUs"
depends on SMP
- range 2 32 if SPARC32
- range 2 1024 if SPARC64
- default 32 if SPARC32
- default 64 if SPARC64
+ range 0 0 if SPARC32
+ range 0 0 if SPARC64
+ default 0 if SPARC32
+ default 0 if SPARC64
source kernel/Kconfig.hz
diff --git a/arch/tile/Kconfig b/arch/tile/Kconfig
index 11270ca..a05112c 100644
--- a/arch/tile/Kconfig
+++ b/arch/tile/Kconfig
@@ -126,14 +126,15 @@ source "init/Kconfig"
menu "Tilera-specific configuration"
config NR_CPUS
- int "Maximum number of tiles (2-255)"
- range 2 255
+ int "Maximum number of tiles (0-0)"
+ range 0 0
depends on SMP
- default "64"
+ default "0"
---help---
Building with 64 is the recommended value, but a slightly
smaller kernel memory footprint results from using a smaller
- value on chips with fewer tiles.
+ value on chips with fewer tiles. To minimize both memory
+ footprint and bugs, use zero and only zero.
source "kernel/time/Kconfig"
diff --git a/arch/x86/Kconfig b/arch/x86/Kconfig
index 5bed94e..a6977f2 100644
--- a/arch/x86/Kconfig
+++ b/arch/x86/Kconfig
@@ -773,19 +773,21 @@ config MAXSMP
config NR_CPUS
int "Maximum number of CPUs" if SMP && !MAXSMP
- range 2 8 if SMP && X86_32 && !X86_BIGSMP
- range 2 512 if SMP && !MAXSMP
- default "1" if !SMP
- default "4096" if MAXSMP
- default "32" if SMP && (X86_NUMAQ || X86_SUMMIT || X86_BIGSMP || X86_ES7000)
- default "8" if SMP
+ range 0 0 if SMP && X86_32 && !X86_BIGSMP
+ range 0 0 if SMP && !MAXSMP
+ default "0" if !SMP
+ default "0" if MAXSMP
+ default "0" if SMP && (X86_NUMAQ || X86_SUMMIT || X86_BIGSMP || X86_ES7000)
+ default "0" if SMP
---help---
This allows you to specify the maximum number of CPUs which this
kernel will support. The maximum supported value is 512 and the
minimum value which makes sense is 2.
This is purely to save memory - each supported CPU adds
- approximately eight kilobytes to the kernel image.
+ approximately eight kilobytes to the kernel image. But
+ the first supported CPU brings a lot of bugs with it, so
+ for ultimate reliability, set the number of CPUs to zero.
config SCHED_SMT
bool "SMT (Hyperthreading) scheduler support"
It ended not with a bang or even a whimper, but with a frustratingly vague news release.
When TransCanada announced Thursday it had killed the proposed $15-billion Energy East pipeline, its brief release cited “changed circumstances.”
Huh?
What does that mean?
Does it mean the depressed price of oil made the line uneconomical? Or did the new environmental review process at the National Energy Board prove one obstacle too many?
In other words, do we blame world economics? Or domestic politics?
There is, of course, a huge difference between the two. After Thursday's announcement, all kinds of groups have been yelling or moaning or celebrating, depending on where they stand on pipelines, and politics.
When asked to clarify why it killed a project that would have pumped Alberta oil to New Brunswick for shipment overseas, a company spokesman offered an equally unhelpful response: “We are not going to be providing any further comment today beyond the news release.”
Both the Alberta government and federal government have been quick to dismiss it as a purely business decision driven by the price of oil.
That's understandable.
The federal government doesn't want to be blamed for this via the NEB. And the Alberta government doesn't want its Climate Leadership Plan to be caught up in the blame game, either.
Both levels of government want this to be simply laid at the feet of fickle international economics.
The opposition parties, in Alberta and Ottawa, have been just as quick to issue hyperventilating statements blaming Ottawa and the Alberta government: Ottawa for letting the NEB change the goalposts halfway through the review game, and the Alberta government for failing to pacify the environmentalists.
Just about everyone seemed shocked by TransCanada's announcement. Except, that is, for experts who have been following the issue closely. For them Energy East had been living on borrowed time.
A year ago, several analysts from national banks, who were visiting the Alberta government, told reporters there was a mere 25 per cent chance the project would go ahead. It just didn't make much economic sense.
On Thursday, several analysts, including Andrew Leach, an economist at the University of Alberta, said: “The economics have just turned against it entirely.”
Part of the issue is that the oilsands won't grow as quickly as first anticipated, so we don't need as many new pipelines.
But we still need some.
Construction of a replacement line — Enbridge's $5.3-billion Line 3 project — is already underway, but that's a line to the U.S., not a line to an all-important “tidewater” port in Canada where we can ship our oil to somebody other than the Americans.
That leaves us with Kinder Morgan's $7.4-expansion of its Trans Mountain pipeline from Alberta to the West Coast.
The federal government approved the project in large part because of Alberta's Climate Leadership Plan, but the opposition parties in Alberta and in Ottawa conveniently keep forgetting that.
For them, the way to get pipelines built is to stomp their feet and yell.
“Other provinces have declared war on Alberta,” declared Brian Jean, the former Wildrose leader and now candidate in the leadership race for the United Conservative Party. “They are cheering for Canada to fail and threatening national unity.”
If anger, outrage and ridiculous rhetoric could build energy pipelines, Alberta would be drained dry of oil.
We'd have so many energy pipelines pumping our oil and bitumen to tidewater that Canada would need more ports.
The fact is that the federal Conservatives didn't get any new pipelines to tidewater under Stephen Harper. The question now is ,will we get one built under Liberal Prime Minister Justin Trudeau?
Even though his government has given conditional approval for the Trans Mountain expansion, the project is currently under a judicial review. A ruling is expected later this year.
A green light would be a major victory for the Alberta government. A red light would be disastrous.
Either way, it'd be nice to get a clear decision, one not written like a TransCanada news release.
gthomson@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/graham_journal
Libya is in chaos. It's a festering pit of radicalism, anarchy and death, epitomizing everything that can go wrong when Western intervention has no clear long-term purpose. And a woman who believes she should be president of the United States—ostensibly on the strength of her decision-making abilities as secretary of state—believes that what's going on in Libya is a success.
This point seems pertinent. So beyond any facts surrounding the American deaths in Benghazi, the blatant lying about her computer server or whatever else Republicans may or may not uncover about Hillary Clinton, one of the most politically relevant topics examined by the House Benghazi Committee is her insistence that Libya was not a "disaster."
Over and over, in fact, Clinton argued that Libyans had elected "moderates" and that democracy had thrived and that all things were peachy (though she does concede there were security risks). And she was still praising the Arab Spring long after its collapse into violent radicalism across the Arab world.
At first I wondered, how could she maintain something so obviously contestable? Then I realized, how could she not?
Rep. Peter Roskam (R-Ill.) spent his entire time attempting to push Clinton to own the Libya intervention. Democrats joked on Twitter that Roskam had conclusively proved that yes, Clinton was secretary of state. But it was much more.
She reiterated that she was the chief architect of the war in Libya. Clinton has to claim that the U.N.-authorized Libyan air campaign in 2011 was a model of successful foreign intervention, because Clinton was the one who urged Barack Obama, over the strong misgivings of others, to intervene in that civil war. She brought the Arabs on board. She articulated many of the administration's arguments.
Later, after the whole thing fell apart, she would falsely blame some obscure video for the whole thing.
Since then, Libya has fragmented into two rival factions, which have erased any pretense that democracy or freedom exists in the country. There are mass collective punishments as tens of thousands of political prisoners are thrown into camps. Violence is up. Proliferation of weapons has increased. Causalities have spiked since the war. Ansar al-Sharia, the group accused of murdering American diplomats, is more powerful now than it was before the U.S. got involved.
One estimate says that militias have grown from an estimated 40,000 fighters in 2011 to 160,000 today. This is now the place where Coptic Christians are marched out onto beaches and beheaded. The war has created a refugee crisis.
Now, Clinton isn't responsible for all the awful things people do, but she certainly is responsible for America's role in the whole mess. If voters are supposed to judge Clinton's asserted foreign policy expertise based on what she did while in power, they should take this into account: Clinton, according to her own admission, voted for one foreign policy disaster and instigated another one. Her fans might concede that Iraq was merely a vote of political expediency or perhaps one made on bad information (a stretch), but there is no such comfort with Libya. Clinton can't blame this one on George W. Bush.
Republicans were generally quiet about the Obama administration's unauthorized war in Libya—even though it circumvented congressional authority—because intervention generally matches their own foreign policy objectives. Americans didn't die, at least at the beginning, so it was forgotten. But if John McCain, who supported the Libyan intervention, would have been in charge, we would never have heard the end of it.
Instead, people would be asking: Please explain how the Libya intervention was a success? And should Ambassador Christopher Stevens have been in Benghazi at all?
COPYRIGHT 2015 CREATORS.COM
MUMBAI | NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Monday arrested at least 8 people, including former IDBI Bank chairman Yogesh Agarwal and former chief financial officer of now defunct Kingfisher Airlines A Raghunathan, in what appears to be an accelerated effort by government agencies to recover the nearly Rs 9,000 crore that the billionaire Vijay Mallya owes lenders.The CBI arrests are in connection with the allegedly fraudulent loan transaction of Rs 950 crore between the company and the bank which the investigative agency believes was in contravention of established industry practices.The arrests follow the questioning of these officials by CBI sleuths in Bengaluru and Mumbai.The IDBI Bank officials arrested include former deputy MD OV Bundellu, former ED SKV Srinivasan and former GM RS Sridhar.Kingfisher Airlines executives in the net include former AVP Shailesh Porkar, former DGM-finance Amit Nadkarni and former senior manager-accounts AC Shah.The arrests may be the worst setback for Mallya who has been avoiding interrogation or arrest by Indian authorities after he shifted base to London. Indian banks that are stuck with the bad loans have been seeking his arrest and extradition.The action against former KFA officials comes days after the Bengaluru Debt Recovery Tribunal on January 19 ordered the SBI led bank consortium to start the process of recovering Rs 6,203 crore at an annual interest rate of 11.5% from Mallya and his companies.In the case involving IDBI Bank, CBI was probing the loan sanctioned to KFA based on its brand value instead of credit rating. It is contended that had the bank followed the credit rating principles, it would not have been able to sanction the loan. CBI believes that the company did not use the funds for the intended purpose and instead diverted them, which is a crime.
× Adams County deputy accused of sexually assaulting woman
BRIGHTON, Colo. — An Adams County Sheriff's deputy was arrested Wednesday by Aurora Police on a domestic violence-related sex assault and is being held on a $150,000 bond.
Jason Belmont, 42, has been with the Adams County Sheriff's Office for 10 years. The sheriff's office say the allegations are “serious” and happened in Aurora, just outside the jurisdictional boundaries of the Adams County Sheriff's Office.
The alleged victim called police about 9 p.m. on June 3, saying that she had been the victim of a sex assault and was going to the emergency room. She later identified Belmont as her attacker.
The alleged victim was on probation, and said she had voiced concerns about Belmont to her probation officer, according to an affidavit.
The woman, whose name was not released, said she and Belmont had been arguing throughout much of the day. She agreed to meet him at his home — where she said she no longer lives — in order to pick up some mail and money, according to an affidavit.
While at the home, she laid down on a couch to rest, she told police. Belmont allegedly carried her into an upstairs bedroom, undressed and began removing her clothing as well. He discovered a digital recorder she was carrying, and accused her of “trying to set (him) up,” the affidavit states.
He then raped her, she told police. Afterward, he kept her at the house against her will for more than an hour, only relenting when his children entered the home, she said. He stated that no one would believe her if she told them what happened, she said.
The victim said Belmont threatened her via calls and text messages, but she apparently refused to let investigators search her phone, per the affidavit.
“Sheriff Darr is aware of the situation and he is obviously disappointed and extremely upset,” the sheriff's office said in a release. “Sheriff Darr puts great importance on the character, values, and integrity of our deputies.
“The Sheriff's Office will follow the case closely and initiate any internal investigations, when appropriate, pursuant to our policies and procedures.”
Belmont appeared in court Thursday morning in an orange jumpsuit where bond was set and a mandatory protection order was put in place.
Belmont's next court appearance is at 9 a.m. Tuesday where the formal filing of charges will occur.
Courtesy of Elaine Emmi
Yellow, gray, dirty air. That is what is commonly found outside on the coldest days of winter and on the hottest days of summer in the Wasatch Valley. Nobody likes it, but many believe there isn't that much that can be done.
The health effects of pollution, especially during an inversion, are well-documented and -studied according to Professor Jim VanDerslice, Ph.D. of the Department of Family & Preventive Medicine at the University of Utah School of Medicine.
“As far as air quality being a public health problem, I certainly agree with it,” says VanDerslice.
However, he tends to stay out of the way when it comes to joining organizations.
“I try to do research on this, and sometimes, there is a bit of a perceived conflict when you're involved with something that is a political effort that clearly has an agenda on one side,” says VanDerslice. It is necessary to choose carefully one's involvements, and for him, continued research will make the biggest difference.
Environmental and political groups have been popping up over the last few years concerned about the health effects of Utah's smog. They believe something can be done.
Salt Lake Community College has a sustainability group that focuses on the community garden and recycling.
Utah Physicians for Healthy Environments is pushing for Governor Herbert to impose more restrictions on industries.
Mormon Environmental Stewardship is still so new that the members are trying to solidify their purpose, but they know that air quality is part of it.
Utah Tar Sands Resistance is concerned about the air but also about other environmental issues.
HEAL Utah, Peaceful Uprising and Utah Moms for Clean Air also focus their efforts on different aspects of cleaning the air.
These groups provide information to help individuals and companies to adopt habits that lessen air pollution. They also help lead reforms with petitions and raised voices.
Students who want to breathe cleaner air are able to join the organization that aligns with their values.
Two types of pollutants that are particularly concerning are ozone and particulate pollution.
The Air Now website, run by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), lists at-risk groups that that are affected more by poor air quality, and children are on that list.
“It definitely affects the children and teachers. However, children need to go outside; sometimes, we let them,” says Cindy Hill, Director of The Avenues Preschool, about keeping children inside during inversion periods.
Inversion is a natural occurrence in the Salt Lake Valley due to being closely surrounded by mountains and the Great Salt Lake.
Inversion is not the same as pollution. It helps trap pollution, but pollution comes from man-made sources.
Kyoto hooker's nasty case of clap nothing to applaud
Uh oh. It has just been learned that a female sex worker in Kyoto came down with a nasty new strain of a social disease that appears resistant to conventional treatment.
Nikkan Gendai (July 22) reports that a 31-year-old hooker was found to be harboring the nasty bug, a strain of gonorrhea called HO41, in January 2009.
Now they tell us…
The woman had sought treatment after noticing a burning sensation in her urethra during urination. She had also begun excreting pus.
For more information, Nikkan Gendai's reporter telephoned to the section in the Ministry of Health and Welfare responsible for dealing with TB and other communicable diseases.
“The treatment of choice for gonorrhea is by injection of the antibiotic Cephalosporin,” proclaimed the paper-pusher. “But after the woman underwent a second test she still showed a positive reaction. That was when we determined it was a new treatment-resistant strain. But somehow the patient overcame the infection on her own and tested negative after that. Subsequently the National Institute of Infectious Diseases began recommending use of Spectinomycin for effective treatment. Others may have contracted the same strain, but up to now as far as we know there has only been that one case. There may be others who haven't developed symptoms yet.”
It is believed the Kyoto sex worker contracted HO41 while receiving oral sex from a customer.
According to physician and popular author Kimihiro Yoneyama, STDs are becoming more pernicious because more physicians are using antibiotics to treat less threatening maladies such as colds. He believes that may have been the case this time. It's likely the man who passed it to the woman had been treated for a cold but the DNA of the gonorrhea he harbored mutated into a treatment-resistant form and was passed on in his saliva.
“The way this is going, even when new drugs are developed, new drug-resistant pathogens are created, like a game of hide-and-seek,” Yoneyama says. “It's the same for chlamydia and genital herpes. New strains keep popping up.”
While gonorrhea is unlikely to be transmitted by kissing, it can be transmitted by unsafe sex, including fellatio and cunilingus.
Without use of a condom, the chances of catching something unpleasant are said to be about 30 percent. Forewarned is forearmed, the tabloid cautions its readers. (K.S.)
Source: “Shingata seibyo, tsugi wa nani?,'” Nikkan Gendai (July 22, page 7)
Anaheim Ducks forward and living hockey legend Teemu Selanne is having the worst offensive season of his career, and he thinks his role with the Ducks is a big part of the issue.
"It's a totally different situation when you play [on the] first line and big minutes," Selanne told NHL.com's Curtis Zupke on Monday ahead of Anaheim's game against the Toronto Maple Leafs. "It's hard when you don't play those. You can't really expect much."
Selanne has only managed 20 points in 50 games this season, and is averaging under 14 minutes per contest. The MVP of the men's Olympic hockey tournament has seen his ice time dip even more significantly since his return from Sochi.
The future Hockey Hall of Famer has played with the Ducks' second unit power-play, but at even-strength he's played fourth-line minutes against the bottom-end of opponent's rosters. Selanne still appears to have a modest positive impact on Anaheim's puck possession metrics, but his offensive struggles aren't solely the product of limited ice-time.
Selanne's even-strength shot rate - he's averaging only five shots per sixty minutes of even-strength ice-time - ranks dead last among Ducks regular forwards. Of the 295 NHL forwards who have logged at least 500 minutes at even-strength, Selanne is generating shots on goal at a rate that would rank him 261st.
Perhaps the Ducks are resting Selanne for the postseason, or perhaps his limited run of late reflects his flagging effectiveness. Time comes for us all.
Or perhaps you believe Ducks head coach Bruce Boudreau, who told reporters that this minor expression of dissatisfaction from Selanne is insignificant. "It's been four games and [Selanne's ice time has] decreased by 12 seconds," Boudreau told reporters, while pointing out that the Ducks haven't had many power-play opportunities lately.
Robert Hegyes, the Jersey-born actor who played Jewish Puerto Rican wheeler-dealer Juan Luis Pedro Phillipo de Huevos Epstein on the 1970s classic "Welcome Back Kotter," died from an apparent heart attack after suffering chest pains at his Metuchen home this morning. He was 60.
Hegyes, who also co-starred on "Cagney and Lacey" and taught occasional master classes at his alma mater, Rowan University, was best known for his work on "Kotter," in which he performed alongside a young John Travolta as one of the tough remedial students known at the Sweathogs. Hegyes and nearly all of the original cast members reunited last year at the TV Land Awards to recognize the show's 35th anniversary.
On his website, Hegyes wrote that he modeled the swaggering, skirt-chasing Epstein after Chico Marx, whom he played in a national touring production of "A Night With Groucho." He was a big fan of the Marx Brothers: "They were immigrant Jews, and I was an immigrant Italian. Groucho, Harpo, Chico, Gummo, and Zeppo were intellectuals ... They all played the piano and took music lessons, and they were all juvenile delinquents; I could definitely relate."
Hegyes had suffered a heart attack a couple of years ago and was not in good health, his brother Mark Hegyes of Montana said. Metuchen police responded to a call for medical assistance from Hegyes' home at 9:02 a.m., and Hegyes, who was experiencing chest pains, was taken to JFK Medical Center in Edison, police said. By the time he arrived at the emergency room at 9:40 a.m., he was in full cardiac arrest and died, according to hospital spokesman Steven Weiss.
Hegyes, whose father was Hungarian-American and whose mother was Italian-American, was born in Perth Amboy and grew up in Metuchen. He was one of the kids equally at home on the gridiron and in the footlights. His nickname: Chico. He wrote that his mother, a big Broadway musical and Frank Sinatra fan, stoked his theatrical ambitions, making him sing along with Ol' Blue Eyes and "incessantly" to "Maria" from "West Side Story."
He graduated from Rowan University (then Glassboro State College) with a bachelor's degree in speech/theater and secondary education -- Rowan spokesman Joe Cardona called him a "great friend" of the school, noting that he sported a Rowan shirt while co-starring as Det. Esposito on "Cagney and Lacey" -- and quickly found work in New York, co-starring Off-Broadway in "Naomi Court" and in the Broadway drama "Don't Call Back." He was then cast as Epstein, a role he played for "Kotter"'s four-season run on ABC.
Following "Kotter" and "Cagney & Lacey," he continued to act on television, mostly in guest-starring roles including "NewsRadio," "Diagnosis Murder" and "The Drew Carey Show," and made occasional films, including "Bob Roberts" with Tim Robbins. He also taught at Brooks College of Long Beach, Calif., and wrote screenplays. Peter Loewy, who runs the Forum Theatre Arts Center in Metuchen, says he planned to work with Hegyes on a one-man show a year or so ago, but Hegyes' health problems -- he needed a hip replacement, among other things -- put it on hold indefinitely. "He was a gentle guy," Loewy remembers. "He had, ironically, a big heart."
Hegyes was retired but still talked about directing and getting more involved in local arts efforts, Mark Hegyes said. "He always had these great schemes," his brother said, "but last week he said I'm not going to do that anymore."
Hegyes leaves behind three siblings, two children, Cassie and Mack, and two step-children, Sophia and Alex.
Visitation will be at Flynn & Son Funeral Home at 23 Ford Ave., Fords, on Sunday from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m. and 7 p.m. to 9 p.m. The funeral will take place during the evening visiting hours.
Star-Ledger staff writer Tom Haydon contributed to this report.
Related coverage:
• Rowan professor directs final play before his retirement
• Cool Stuff: John Sebastian interview
CTVNews.ca Staff
An Ontario widow has filed a constitutional challenge of a provincial policy requiring alcoholics to be sober for six months before they can get a liver transplant, five years after her husband's death from liver failure.
Debra Selkirk's husband Mark died in 2010, after he was refused a liver transplant. Ontario's organ and tissue donation agency, the Trillium Gift of Life Network, requires patients with alcohol-related liver failure to be six months sober before they are put on the transplant list.
Selkirk says she was willing to give Mark a piece of her own liver, but because he had only been sober for six weeks, doctors in Toronto wouldn't consider it.
Last week, Selkirk filed a constitutional challenge in court against the six-month wait policy, arguing that it discriminates against people who are struggling with alcoholism and violates Canada's Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
“As Canadians, we have the right to health care regardless of the providence of our disease,” Selkirk told CTV's Canada AM Tuesday.
On her website, Selkirk notes that alcohol addiction is considered a disability under the Canadian Human Rights Act.
After her husband's death, Selkirk initially told herself that he was finally at peace. But after researching liver transplant outcomes for alcoholics, she says she believes that Mark could be alive today, if he'd had a transplant in 2010.
Selkirk cites a 2008 research paper which concluded that only about six per cent of former alcoholics relapse after an organ transplant.
She told Canada AM that other studies over the years have reached similar conclusions and that there is no scientific basis for Trillium's six-month wait policy.
“Mark has been gone for 5 years. If he had been transplanted, there's a 78 to 92 per cent chance he would be alive today and maybe a six to eight per cent chance he would be drinking,” she said.
The idea that transplant patients with addiction problems “waste” organs is false, Selkirk said. And she rejects the notion that transplants should be prioritized based on the type of disease the patient has.
“It's not about competition among diseases. The sickest patient gets the organ,” she said.
In the weeks leading up to her husband's death, he was among the sickest patients in need of a transplant, Selkirk said.
“And there was no reason that he couldn't have been saved.”
The Trillium Gift of Life Network said it could not comment on the case because it's still before the courts.
David Cameron has warned the Taliban during a visit to Afghanistan that they will not be able to simply "wait it out" until troops withdraw in 2014.
The Prime Minister said British support for the country would remain long after the planned exit date. But his words are unlikely to deter the Quetta Shura, the insurgent leadership, and their handlers in the ISI, the Pakistani intelligence service
Mr Cameron stated: "What I would say to the Taliban is be in no doubt there is a very clear and strong plan to transfer lead security responsibility… to very capable Afghan forces."
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
What is at issue is when this transfer takes place. During his trip, Mr Cameron appeared to confirm a report that Oliver Letwin, the chairman of a new armed forces Cabinet sub-committee, had proposed that pulling out all combat troops by 2013, a year ahead of schedule, would save £3bn and that this has the support of George Osborne. The Prime Minister would only say that he would not disclose discussions within the National Security Council.
So worried have senior military officers become that the Government may not last the course that lobby correspondents travelling with the No 10 party were briefed about the risks of premature withdrawal. Areas in Helmand which were battlegrounds just a couple of years ago are now comparatively stable, it was pointed out, because of "boots on the ground"; leaving too early would mean jettisoning gains made with the sacrifice of UK lives.
The scaling down of forces has been calibrated in detail with the Americans and, crucially, with the realistic rate at which Afghan security forces can reach their target numbers with adequate preparation and support. Cutting corners in vetting and training of recruits would not only leave them vulnerable to the insurgents, but could lead to more "green on blue" attacks with Afghans turning their guns on their erstwhile allies.
In Kabul, Mr Cameron apparently questioned the Afghan President, Hamid Karzai, about the slow progress of peace negotiations. According to Downing Street briefings, Britain is "privately irritated" that one set of talks in Qatar between representatives of the insurgency and Western officials broke down because the Afghan government complained about being excluded.
In fact a whole series of talks – in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Dubai and even the Maldives – have broken down for a variety of reasons. Afghan and American and British officials claim that, on occasions, this has been due to deliberate sabotage by the ISI.
Critics could point out that it is an astonishingly colonial attitude that the Qatar talks about the future of Afghanistan were even contemplated without the Afghan government taking part.
The Afghans could also remind Mr Cameron that the UK's role in the peace process has not always been covered in glory. Two years ago British officials were duped by a conman claiming to be Mullah Akhtar Mohmmad Mansour, the supposed second in command of the Quetta Shura, who was given UK funding.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
May 22nd, 2008 | Published in commentary, distributed systems, IDL, integration, RPC, SOAP, WSDL | 16 Comments | Bookmark on Pinboard.in
I see from this CIO Magazine article that Cisco is releasing a new client/server messaging system called Etch. Sigh — those who don't know history are indeed doomed to repeat it. Some choice quotes from the article:
This week Cisco Systems announced a new messaging protocol intended to allow developers to integrate client/server applications without the overhead of traditional protocols such as SOAP.
I was unaware that SOAP had become “traditional.”
One of its design goals was to create an inter-application communications technology without SOAP's complexity and overhead, explained Marascio. While SOAP relies on a very complicated WSDL file to define the interface between the client and server, Etch uses a file in Cisco's own interface definition language that shares many similarities to a Java interface file.
I bet this new IDL is not only simpler than WSDL, but it probably also avoids all the impedance mismatch problems that invariably occur when mapping IDL to programming languages.
In addition to a simplified configuration, Etch also promises less overhead over the wire, compared to SOAP. In a testbed environment where SOAP was managing around 900 calls a second, Etch generated more than 50,000 messages in a one-way mode, and 15,000 transactions with a full round-trip, company officials stated.
Oh good, the “performance presumption.” So now we're back to where we were a decade ago, at least as far as message transfer rates go. I wonder if Etch also solves the problem that the bottlenecks usually lie elsewhere?
The Etch integration into Visual Studio and Eclipse will be very familiar to anyone who has used SOAP integration tools. After authoring the IDL definition, the developer tells the IDE to generate either a client stub or a server skeleton. The client stub is usable immediately; the developer needs only to configure the transport and endpoint, and to code the message calls. On the server, the developer takes the skeleton and implements the business logic that lives inside the message handlers.
Now that's what I call innovation!
Projects implementing their communications using Etch aren't out of luck if they need to interoperate with SOAP, JSON, REST or other existing protocols. Cisco has already demonstrated the capability to easily create bridges between Etch and SOAP, according to Marascio. He said that turnkey bridges to SOAP and REST should be available six to nine months after the release of Etch.
Or, to put it another way: Etch is really just adding more stuff to be developed, tested, deployed, managed, maintained, and integrated, yet it doesn't actually solve any new problems or solve any old problems better than what already exists.
Cisco also is examining the possibility of establishing Etch as a standard. Marascio pointed out that Cisco is well represented in the IETF, the main standards body for Internet protocols. Alternatively, Cisco might attempt to promote Etch as an industry standard, an effort that would be aided by Etch's open source nature.
Well of course you want to standardize it — where would any new NIH RPC protocol be without an accompanying standards effort? Rather than the IETF, though, perhaps you ought to get those ISO OOXML guys to rubber-stamp it?
I find it hard to believe that in 2008 people are still inventing stuff like this. Sheesh. Color me underwhelmed.
From the Savannah Sand Gnats to the Montgomery Biscuits, Minor League Baseball is full of slightly bizarre names. But where do they all come from? From now until Opening Day, we'll be taking a look at the stories behind some of the greatest team names in MiLB. So far we've covered the Akron RubberDucks, the Lehigh Valley IronPigs, and the Las Vegas 51s.
This one's not a surprise to fans of The Simpsons. When the Calgary Cannons moved to Albuquerque for the 2003 season, "Isotopes" won a name-the-team contest with 67% of the vote. The second place suggestion, Dukes, was a throwback to the long-lived Albuquerque team that had left New Mexico three years prior for Portland, OR, where they became the Beavers.
Other options in the online contest held by the Albuquerque Tribune included Roadrunners, 66ers, and Atoms. All good options, but none presented the same referential appeal as Isotopes. In an episode of The Simpsons that aired in 2001, Homer learns of a devastating plan to move the fictional Springfield Isotopes to Albuquerque. That move fell through, but in the alternate universe that is reality, the Albuquerque Isotopes were a smash hit. In the three weeks following the announcement of the new name in September, 2002, the Isotopes sold more merchandise than the Dukes ever had in a full season. The team had yet to play a single game.
"It's definitely a unique logo," says Laura Verillo, the Isotopes' Director of Public Relations. "It reaches out to not just baseball fans but also science fans." That Venn Diagram of appeal has helped keep the Isotopes' merchandise in MiLB's top ten — out of 160 teams — every year since their inception.
Verillo emphasizes that the atomic implications are equally valid, citing New Mexico's many nuclear technology facilities, but that doesn't mean the team is ashamed of the name's animated origins. With the approval of Fox and The Simpsons, statues of Homer, Marge, Bart and Lisa Simpson can be found throughout the stadium. Kevin Levine, the writer responsible for the first episode of The Simpsons to reference the Springfield Isotopes, even came out to visit the life-imitating-art version of his vision and talk about how the name first came to him.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Courtesy of Albuquerque Isotopes
The team got another pop culture boost over a decade after the name debuted when AMC chose to set the wildly popular Breaking Bad in Albuquerque. While living there during filming, actor Bryan Cranston became a fan of the Isotopes, helping organize charity games at the stadium and even wearing a logo-ed hat in an episode.
The name is offbeat, popular and even educational. "We definitely all know a little more chemistry now with the name," Verillo says.
I have used Igloo coolers for years; however the regular coolers seem to not have enough insulation to maintain ice and frozen food in good condition if left out in the bed of a pickup truck while traveling to a two hour distant site. To rectify this problem, we purchased this Maxcold Ultra cooler and found that it serves us well when we travel in hot weather and maintains ice and frozen food well during our travel. There are other coolers out there of this same size that sell between $200 and $300 that are touted to maintain ice for a long period of time; however, Igloo states that ice will be maintained in the heated outdoor environment for three days in this cooler. We think that the $200 to $300 coolers are overkill for our use and probably most people's general travel use.
Newspapers in Sweden and Norway have vowed not to run April Fools' Day stories this year, amid concerns about propagating fake news.
The concept of fake news became strong during the US presidential election in 2016 when Donald Trump insisted that false news stories about him were being published – an accusation he has continued to make since becoming president.
Trump has targeted reliable and well-established news services with allegations of running 'fake' stories, despite scant evidence to back up his claims.
Despite scepticism about many of Trump's allegations, a Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee investigating Russia's alleged involvement in the US election said it had been reported that 1,000 people were hired by Russia to produce fake news about Hillary Clinton in swing states during the election.
In addition, fake news stories have been created and shared on social media platforms, prompting Swedish and Norwegian news outlets to pledge not to run any joke stories on 1 April.
The editor-in-chief of Västerbottens-Kuriren told Swedish news agency TT: "Historically, we've had super-successful April Fools' jokes. But because of debates and discussions about the media's credibility being connected to fake news, we didn't want to do it this year."
The Local reported Magnus Karlsson, editor-in-chief of Swedish daily Smålandsposten as saying: "We work with real news. Even on 1 April."
Americans for Tax Reform President Grover Norquist. (AP photo) – The IRS-Tea Party scandal is worse than Watergate “because it is the corruption of much of the government” and one hopes “the prison sentences are at least as long” as they were for the Watergate conspirators, said Americans for Tax Reform President Grover Norquist during a Tax Day press conference at the U.S. Capitol on Thursday.
At the event, sponsored by Americans for Tax Reform, CNSNews.com asked, “Do you think this IRS scandal is worse than Watergate, and if so, in what way?”
Norquist said, “Yeah, it's worse because it is the corruption of much of the government, many people were involved, not one guy telling some bad guys to do something -- and I hope the prison sentences are at least as long. The IRS is certainly affecting more individuals that were just minding their own business, but both were attempts at corrupting the political process.”
“Watergate hired burglars to steal stuff, they didn't use the government to do it,” said Norquist. “There they hired some guys who broke in and stole some stuff, criminals, okay? They didn't use the Marines or the IRS or Securities and Exchange Commission, they didn't use the force of government to do that.”
President Barack Obama and former President Richard Nixon. (AP image)
“What you don't want to do is criminalize the government, and that's what appears to have happened with the IRS,” said Norquist. “People working for the American people, paid for with tax dollars, abusing that power for political purposes.”
Several lawmakers spoke at the 2014 Tax Press Conference, including Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.), Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah), House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-Va.), Rep. Dave Camp (R-Mich.), and Rep. Steve Scalise (R-La.).
Among the topics discussed at the event were IRS abuse of conservative non-profit groups, IRS implementation of Obamacare, and IRS waste of taxpayer funds.
The reason we have passwords is to make it harder for attackers to get to our stuff. Ideally, strong passwords ensure that we're the only ones who can access our email inboxes, our social media profiles, our bank accounts, and our Amazon shopping carts.
Unfortunately, passwords by themselves aren't always strong enough to accomplish that goal. Don't believe me? Just head on over to Pastebin and spend some time searching for pastes that contain user account + password combos. It won't take long for you to find them. Trust me.
Better yet, head on over to Google News and do a few searches on password breaches and forced password resets. Amazon, Comcast, Linode, LiveStream, WordPress… even Hello Kitty isn't safe. HELLO KITTY!
The worst part? Users often find out about these breaches after it's too late, after the damage has been done. It would really be swell if we had a way to make it even harder for attackers to gain access to our online accounts, wouldn't it?
Yeah, it would. (Cue the music…)
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you… TWO-FACTOR AUTHENTICATION!
The short version: Some of the most popular websites have added another layer of security that makes it a lot harder for attackers to get to your stuff. The cool part is that these same websites have worked really hard to make sure this extra layer of security isn't a huge hassle for legitimate users.
If you turn on two-factor authentication, you'll be asked to plug in your username, your password, and another factor to prove you really are who you say you are. In many cases, that other factor is a short numeric code texted to your smartphone, a random number generated by an app like Authy or Google Authenticator.
To make it even more convenient, some of the websites will remember your computer as a trusted device, meaning that you don't have to plug in that second authentication factor every time you login from your home machine.
I HIGHLY recommend that you turn this on wherever possible. Attackers are getting more and more sophisticated, and people who start using two-factor authentication now are less likely to be impacted by an account compromise.
If this sounds like something you want to check out, here are links that will help you enable two-factor authentication on a number of sites that you're probably using today.
If you have a site that isn't on this list, check out TwoFactorAuth.org. Their list is INSANE, and they'll help you tweet companies who need to get with the times.
Stay safe out there!
In her first few weeks as Prime Minister, Theresa May has made clear her intention to win over traditional Labour voters.Her first speech in Downing Street focused on the need to improve the lives of ordinary working people, rather than the privileged few – a direct pitch to the kind of communities, particularly in the north and Midlands, that Labour used to take for granted.
Such a bold endeavour, for reasons of both principle and pragmatism, needs to be supplemented by a particular effort to reach out to the section of the population that has been historically most resistant to supporting the Conservatives: Britain's diverse black and minority ethnic (BME) communities.
In fact, the Conservative Party has never succeeded in winning a significant proportion of Britain's ethnic vote. For most immigrants and their families, the default position has been to vote Labour.
The Tories were seen, whether fairly or not, as being at best indifferent and at worst hostile. During the 1980s, it mattered less: most BME voters were heavily concentrated in inner city constituencies where the Tories had little chance of success.
Trump Books Banjo Kid from ‘Deliverance' to Play Inauguration
WASHINGTON – After rejections from music industry A-, B-, C-, and D-listers, President-elect Donald Trump announced today via Twitter that the “Dueling Banjos” kid from the movie Deliverance has agreed to play at Trump's upcoming Inauguration on January 20th, 2017.
“Very excited for banjo kid from Deliverance to play Inauguration. Wonderful music and excellent track record of winning banjo duels,” the incoming leader of the free world tweeted at 3:13 A.M.
With his entertainment lineup finalized, Trump went on to accost the large pool of musicians who turned down the chance to join him at his inauguration. “Dozens of artists missing generous opportunity. Shame on entire music industry, except for kid from Deliverance with the banjo. #MAGA!” Trump tweeted at 4:43 A.M. “Great example of why pathetic music industry is failing. Sad!” he added minutes later.
All attempts to reach the kid with the banjo from Deliverance for comment have been meet with cold, unsettling silence.
“I think he'll do a wonderful job,” said Trump's chief adviser Kellyanne Conway. “We're thrilled to have the Deliverance banjo kid on board. He's a huge fan of Donald and vice versa. I think Trump supporters will love his stuff. He really is great at playing that thing.”
Related:
“He's gonna play all the hits, like ‘Dueling Banjos' and… You know, all the hits,” Trump told his supporters at a rally on his “Thank you” tour.
Other musicians confirmed to play at Trump's inauguration include a Big Mouth Billy Bass, the official Trump University a cappella team “MAGApella,” and the third cousin of someone who auditioned for “America's Got Talent.”
“These are some of the highest selling musical acts of all time,” Trump said. “Trust me, they have all the numbers, the best numbers, and these acts are all platinum.”
While rumors have circulated that the dueling banjos kid from Deliverance was also offered a position in Trump's Cabinet, nothing has been confirmed as of press time.
Article by Lucas Gardner @Lucas_Gardner. Photo by Kat Chish and Marc Nozell.
Zach Mettenberger, who left today's game in the 3rd quarter with a shoulder injury, was telling his teammates that he would be back next week according to Jim Wyatt:
Zach Mettenberger telling teammates he'll be back next week Titans?src=hash">#Titans — Jim Wyatt (@jwyattsports) November 30, 2014
This is certainly good news after watching the injury live. We have seen a lot of hits like that on quarterbacks that resulted in a broken collarbone. That injury would have ended Mettenberger's season
The only thing the Titans have left to play for this year is to get Mettenberger experience. This latest update at least gives some hope that he will be back out there soon.
When the Titans made the switch to Mettenberger earlier this year, there was some talk that they were giving up on the season because Jake Locker those people though Jake Locker gave them the best chance to win. It is pretty clear after Locker's performance today that the move to Locker was the right call.
It is the only right call Titans coach Ken Whisenhunt has made this season.
UPDATE- Mettenberger says he has a grade 1 AC joint sprain according to Paul Kuharsky:
A prominent Jewish rabbi has urged the EU to pass legislation giving special licence for Jewish people to carry guns.
Rabbi Menachem Margolin - director general of the Rabbinical Centre of Europe (RCE) and the European Jewish Association (EJA), which is the largest federation of Jewish organisations and communities in Europe - sent a letter to the governments of all the EU countries.
The letter, obtained by IBTimes UK's sister publication Newsweek, reads: "We hereby ask that gun licensing laws are reviewed with immediate effect to allow designated people in the Jewish communities and institutions to own weapons for the essential protection of their communities, as well as receiving the necessary training to protect their members from potential terror attacks."
The call was made a few days after France was rocked by terror attacks, one of which targeted a Jewish grocery store in Paris in which four hostages were killed.
Amedy Coulibaly, the gunman who was later killed by French police, allegedly told a French journalist during the siege that he had targeted the store "because it was Jewish".
During an interview with Newsweek, referring to the rise of increased anti-Semitic attacks throughout Europe, Rabbi Margolin said they "have revealed the urgent need to stop talking and start acting" and there are "warning signs of anti-Semitism, racism and intolerance that once again threaten Europe and our European ideals".
He then explained that a license to carry a weapon would make the Jewish community feel more secure as "right now Jews do not feel safe".
"We are threatened on a daily basis," he explained. "People are afraid to come to synagogue. People are afraid to go to Jewish schools."
"[The police] are not doing enough, for sure. We just need more. The best solution is having at least two police officers at each Jewish institution, 24 hours a day. Until that happens, we need to be able to feel secure in other ways."
He added weapons would all be registered: "We will be under the supervision of authorities. It would be completely controlled in the most professional way."
On the type of weapon, Rabbi Margolin said: "Even just a gun. I'm not referring to tanks, it's not about heavy weapons. It's just that everyone would have something in their pocket."
Rabbi Margolin, who criticised Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu for calling for French Jews to "come home" to Israel, said he is arranging meetings to discuss the campaign in the following weeks.
He said: "The Israeli government should not make people panic. Immigration is not the solution to the terror."
One of the common questions that vegans and vegetarians get a lot of the time is “where do you get your protein?”
It's actually pretty surprising how easy it is to get plant-based sources of protein in your diet. Not all protein needs to be a big steak!
For me, personally, peanut butter is something I eat pretty much every day, and cheese is a pretty big staple for me. I also eat quite a few legumes: beans, chickpeas and lentils (my freezer is still full of chickpeas from that time I wrote an Aquafaba cookbook). You might be surprised to learn quinoa is also packed with protein.
And then there's tofu. Look–I've been pretty honest with you guys about how I feel about tofu. It's not my favorite. I have a hard time infusing any flavor into it, no matter what I do to it. But I do still eat it some.
Tempeh is kind of like tofu's cousin. Regular tofu is made from soybeans, but tempeh is made from fermented soy. Fermenting makes it easier to digest, if you have a tough time eating beans. Additionally, just one cup has 30 grams of protein! Not bad at all…
I recently ran into a new, local tempeh manufacturer here in Vancouver called Tempea. I discovered them at The Wellness Show, but you can run into them at Farmer's Markets all over the Lower Mainland. I love to support local business, so the Tempea Tempeh is the basis of this recipe.
Now, let's talk Jerky for a sec. Once thought to be the food of late-night 7-11 runs and hunters, the Paleo/Primal movement has caused a resurgence in jerky's cool factor. When made with meat, jerky is basically cured and dried to the point where it won't spoil. It becomes lighter, and very portable and packable. Full of protein, it makes a great snack to take a on hike or a longer trip where you won't have access to purchase food. For the rest of us, it can make a great post-workout snack.
While traditional jerky is usually made with meat, you can make vegan jerky using tofu. This vegan, however, is made with tempeh. It's pretty simple to do. You marinade the tempeh (cut in thin slices) overnight, then dehydrate them the next day. I used my dehydrator for this, but you could just as easily do it in your oven at very low temp.
Et voila! A light, portable, tasty, full-of-protein snack!
Vegan Jerky
Ingredients:
Tempeh (I used Tempea)
2 tbsp soy sauce or wheat-free tamari
1 tbsp apple cider vinegar
6 drops liquid smoke
a couple dashes of hot sauce
2 tbsp your favorite BBQ sauce
2 tbsp maple syrup
1/2 tsp granulated garlic
1/2 tsp sesame oil
Method:
Slice the tempeh thin and set aside. In a mason jar, combine all the marinade ingredients and shake well. Add the tempeh and make sure it is all well-coated in the marinade. You can add some water if you like to give it more volume. Place in the fridge overnight. The next day, remove the tempeh from the marinade and dry on paper towels. Place in a single layer in your dehydrator, and allow dehydrating for about 2-2 1/2 hours on 225 degrees. If you don't have a dehydrator, place in a single layer on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Bake at 200 degrees, for about 2-2 1/2 hours. Store in an air-tight container.
Save
Save
Save
Did you enjoy this recipe? Subscribe today and never miss another recipe! We will never share or sell your email address. I agree to have my personal information transfered to MailChimp ( I agree to have my personal information transfered to MailChimp ( more information
If you enjoyed this post, make sure you subscribe to my RSS feed
(Visited 1,134 time, 1 visit today)
Share this: Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Email
Google
Tumblr
Print
Reddit
Photo by Juan P Martinez Photography Chicago
British cosmetics business Lush is known for its approach to ethics and its fair trade initiatives. Now a former employee is suing the company over allegations of racial discrimination and victimization.
Mercedez Gonzalez, a 27-year-old Mexican-American massage therapist, is taking Lush to court this week. She is seeking compensation for loss of earnings and damages for injury to feelings.
Gonzalez claims that Lush failed to provide her with the same level of training, support, and opportunities as her white colleagues, resulting in her dismissal from the company in September 2016. Her case will be heard over the next three days at the Central Employment Tribunal in London.
Before moving to the UK, Gonzalez had worked as a massage therapist in Chicago for eight years. In July 2016, she was offered a position as a spa therapist at the Lush flagship store on Oxford Street in London. As part of the job offer, Gonzalez was sent on a training program in Poole, Dorset, where Lush's headquarters are based.
"I was super excited because I love Lush products and the idea of self-care," she says. "I thought, This would be an environment that will appreciate me and my skills. Lush paints a picture that they're really accepting and accommodating."
According to Gonzalez, she was one of only two women of color on the seven-week course; six out of the eight new recruits were white. When one white trainee struggled to remember the complex massage techniques, she says, "a new trainer was brought in to support her, give her one-on-one help, extra support and talk her through the treatments."
Read more: How Freelancers Are Forced to Fend for Themselves Against Sexual Harassment
In her second week of training, Gonzalez says she was asked to perform one of Lush's signature treatments on a trainer. "They have these detailed, intricate, almost theatrical massages," she says.
According to Gonzalez, she was told she'd receive her feedback the following day. She wasn't hugely worried. "I hadn't been told I was at risk of being sent home or that I would need extra support," she says. "I thought that while I had some things to work on, I was no worse than anyone else in the group."
The Australian Model Calling Out Fashion's Size Hierarchy
The next day, Gonzalez claims, she was taken into a room with another trainee—the only other woman of color on the course—and told their training in Poole was over.
"They told us that we weren't progressing quickly enough, and that we would work closely with the spa team and maybe eventually come back to Poole when we were ready," she says.
Although distraught to be sent to London with no prior warning—especially as she had moved to Poole for the course and had nowhere to stay in London—Gonzalez tried to remain positive.
"I was crying and asked if I could do anything differently—like, what had I done wrong?" she remembers. "I tried to remain professional and optimistic, even though I was scared shitless."
Gonzalez later found out that Olivia Lee, a white therapist she had lived with in Poole, was allowed to continue on the course despite receiving bad feedback.
"She told me that in her feedback meeting they said she was a concern, she was way behind, she didn't know the material, she wasn't taking it seriously," Gonzalez says. "But she told me that they said to her, 'We're going to get you there.'"
When Gonzalez began working at Lush's Oxford Street store in London, she was still on her probation period. According to her, she was also told that her training hours as a massage therapist would be cut from 40 hours a week to 32 hours. Instead, she was assigned to work on the shop floor of the store.
After returning to London, Gonzalez raised concerns with Lush management that she'd been pushed off the Poole training program because of her ethnicity and body shape. "I feel like I was unfairly cheated out of the full training experience," she wrote in an email seen by Broadly. "I could have been back in London working my other job and saving money. Now I have to pay for transportation, housing and my weekly food, not because I deserved to be sent home, but because [the trainer] picked her favorites based on…. maybe race, body size or appearance?
"It is clear this is not normal procedure and that we were unfairly sent home."
Mercedez at work. Photo by Juan P Martinez, Photography Chicago, courtesy of subject
According to court documents, Gonzalez was asked to take a practice examination four days later to determine if she had passed the probation period. Her lack of training, Gonzalez says, meant that failed the massage exam on August 30 and was subsequently dismissed on September 2. In emails seen by Broadly, Gonzalez was told she had not passed her probation because she failed "to meet our expected standards of performance despite comprehensive training and feedback."
Gonzalez is now facing Lush in a central London employment tribunal on Wednesday. Lee's testimony is central to Gonzalez's case. Both Gonzalez and her lawyer expect that Lee will testify that she failed multiple exams without getting fired and was allowed to skip the exam Gonzalez was made to take—and subsequently failed—in London.
For More Stories Like This, Sign Up for Our Newsletter
"Discrimination cases are hard to prove in this country," says Gonzalez's lawyer Musthak Ahmed. "It's all about finding that silver bullet that shows discrimination has taken place. There's an inherent risk in taking these claims to a tribunal."
A similar claim—brought by the other woman of color that Gonzalez worked alongside in Poole, alleging victimization and direct racial discrimination—was unsuccessful. However, Gonzalez is cautiously optimistic about the outcome of the case.
"White colleagues got plenty of other support and the opportunity to succeed. But I wasn't given the same support or opportunities," she says. "But you never know if you'll get justice from the court."
Lush declined to comment on Gonzalez's case.
16th May, 2014 by Becky Paskin
The rapidly expanding gin market is not yet over-crowded, but presents a “real opportunity” to convert consumers to the spirit, a major distiller has claimed.
Many gin experts have warned there will be a fall-out of gin brands in the near future, as the UK and US markets in particular become over-saturated with new entries.
Paco Receuro, former global brand director for gin at Chivas Brothers, told The Spirits Business last summer: “There are a thousand new premium brands every year. The category is over-saturated, and over the next three years only the strongest brands will survive.”
Meanwhile, David Bromige, co-founder of Martin Miller's Gin, is seeing the number of gins on the market begin to wane in Spain already. “We're seeing lots of gin brands dropping back in Spain; the fallout is happening already,” he said.
However Christopher Hayman, master distiller at Hayman's Distillers, has welcomed the influx of new brands to the market, which he describes as “exciting”.
“I don't think gin is becoming over saturated,” he told The Spirits Business. “Gin consumption around the world is a fairly small part of the spirits market so there is still plenty of opportunity to convert people to gin. Therefore I'm actually quite optimistic that with the renaissance of gin, with new brands coming in and people trying to innovate in the category, it's a very exciting time.
“There's a great opportunity for gin sales in markets around the world right now.”
Hayman also welcomed the wave of new “contemporary” gins featuring non-traditional botanicals, and encouraged experimentation within the category.
“There are people bringing in new brands of gins and they need something different about them to find a place in the market,” he said.
“Every gin distiller has their own recipe, and they'll want to make their product different so they can have a story for their consumers. I respect gin distillers if they want to put 20 ingredients in, it's their choice, so long as it's in the spirit of the regulatory framework there's no problem.
“It's a very exciting time for gin at the moment.”
Recently, I had the opportunity to join the Altair team for the first in a global series of conferences entitled solidThinking CONVERGE. With a focus on “exploring the intersection of design and technology,” the event was more than just a user conference and included keynote speakers ranging from Ralph Gilles, the head of design at Fiat Chrysler, to Terry Wohlers, the author of one of the leading market reports on 3D printing.
Big players such as EOS were on board, so you can imagine that the two-day event was ripe with designs and concepts that were only possible thanks to developments in 3D printing.
Wohlers: The Increasing Prevalence of Industrial 3D Printers
The annual report that bears Wohlers' name has long been accepted as the leading analysis of the 3D printing market. Avid readers will remember his 2016 issue, reviewed on ENGINEERING.com. While Wohlers spoke about some of these statistics at the event, he also shared some additional details.
One of the stats that jumped out at me was first that the number of industrial-grade printer manufacturers has doubled since 2011. Even so, Wohlers claims that there were still fewer than 12,000 industrial 3D printers sold in 2015.
To put that into perspective, roughly 90,000 injection molding machines are sold every year. Wohlers classifies “industrial” as anything with a price tag greater than $5,000 and noted that the average selling price of such devices is around $100,000.
Wohlers on stage at solidThinking CONVERGE, sharing details on the prevalence of 3D printers in the market.
Those industrial numbers are in contrast to the devices for the “desktop market,” which Wohlers states are marketed for less than$5,000, though they bear an average selling price of around $1,000. Anecdotally, Wohlers claimed that there “may be more than 1,000 manufacturers in China alone” for these machines.
With nearly 280,000 units sold annually, it is unlikely that most of these manufacturers will stick around—so expect future Wohlers reports to include a list of 3Dprinting OEMs that have shuttered their doors.
Wohlers also shared some excitement for Mattel's new push into the consumer 3Dprinting market with its pending release of the $300 Thingmaker, but pointed out that we have not heard much from Mattel since it first showcased the product in February at New York Toy Fair.
The other major highlight of Wohlers' talk was some details around the new HP Jet Fusion. Claiming a 10x improvement in printing speed, the printing giant's newest machine is designed to make short-run additive manufacturing more viable for production. With new standardization of file types, thanks to the 3MF consortium, the ability to layer in color, decals and various other designs will unlock even more potential for designers and innovators.
Even with all of these great developments, Wohlers noted there is still a lot of “tribal knowledge” to 3D printing. This insight proved accurate; the rest of the speakers highlighted their own unique workflows that were anything but ordinary.
3D Printing in a Manufacturing World
One of the major focuses of the talks was the new opportunity introduced by both production methods and design methods when it comes to 3D printing. The solidThinking teams, especially those working with topology optimization tools such as Inspire, can create some amazing designs—but production with real materials is entirely different than a simulation. A few of those designs were on display in the partner area where the 500 registrants mingled in between sessions.
Topology-optimized parts designed using solidThinking Inspire and prototyped with additive manufacturing techniques.
The Importance of Creative Thinking
Traditional manufacturing techniques, specifically molding and machining, are limited in terms of the designs they can produce, but additive manufacturing has opened up the geometries available for production.
In his keynote, Wohlers was quick to point out that we are still early in unlocking the potential of these production techniques, stating that “Design software and tools are key know-how in expanding the technology.”
For Altair's part, it too views itself as more than just a simulation company. Jim Scapa, founder and CEO of the company, kicked off the event by reminding the audience that his employees were not just scientists and engineers but also artists and creative thinkers.
This is one of the reasons why the CONVERGE conference was focused so heavily on additive manufacturing. Nearly every speaker at the two-day event showed a product that could only be created using current additive manufacturing.
Are You Not Entertained?
A design and technology conference in southern California would not be complete without a look at the entertainment industry. The Altair team was able to convince Jason Lopes of Legacy Effects to share some of the work his firm has done on blockbusters, including Iron Man, Avatar and Robocop (along with a slew of others).
Lopes' firm uses a number of rapid prototyping techniques, including two Carbon3D machines, and pointed out that none of the company's machines are stock. As tinkerers and designers, his team starts breaking down and improving new machines as soon as the installation technician leaves.
Why 3D printing for films? One of Lopes' biggest complaints is the classic concern of moving too slowly. For Lopes, the ability to scan new data in the morning and be working on a model by the afternoon preempts the need to outsource much of the work because it takes that long just to get an outsider on the phone.
Automated quoting and output tools, where you can upload a file and have it quoted and printed without needing to speak to someone, will help in this regard but still that requires significant knowledge of the process to ensure there are no failures in the design.
Legacy Effects uses 3D printing as one of a number of processes in creating effects for Hollywood blockbusters.
Putting 3D Printing in Space
The requirements for printing in micro-gravity and the need for materials that can withstand the stresses of space travel are just a few considerations for Raul Polit-Casillas of JPL. The use of additive manufacturing at JPL spans everything from reducing the weight of ship components to developing new metal “fabrics” that can be used on space suits.
I came away from Polit-Casillas' presentation with the impression that there was a lot more going on behind the scenes at JPL, but the main takeaway for me was that printing in micro-gravity (at least some varieties) is not that difficult because “A laser puts pressure that actually seals materials together.”
The Future of Additive Manufacturing
Figure 1. EOS'Future of Additive Manufacturing designs show why design optimization tools will be so important.
Experts in polymer and metal. That's how EOS' Director of Global Application and Consulting, Gungor Kara, introduced his firm. The claim was backed up when he also shared some hard numbers, noting that at EOS “We sell more systems in metals than all of our competitors combined.” With such a lead in the metal printing space, EOS is also now focusing on empowering users to unlock the potential of their machines.
Kara's presentation highlighted optimization techniques and it was easy to see the logic behind the partnership with solidThinking. Simply look at the lattice structures in Figure 1 that make up potential car bodies and support beams. Imagine trying to model or design that by hand! There is no way this design could be efficiently done without the help of some serious mathematical modeling. It is this sort of optimization technique that will require a network of experts in various fields.
As CEO of Morf3D, a service-provided and engineering consulting firm, Ivan Madera focuses on five major issues for companies trying to use additive manufacturing. For his customer base, primarily the big industries such as aerospace and medical,these issues boil down to:
Design for additive expertise
Fragmented value chain
Little client collaboration
Variability in build quality
Lack of repeatability
Morf3D's mission is to position itself as an expert in additive manufacturing to help ensure that major players do not invest in the wrong areas. Madera's job, it seems, is to ensure that everyone maintains a focus on the bottom line and what is achievable rather than getting lost in the sci-fi futuristic opportunities of additive manufacturing. With so much happening in the space, it is sometimes hard to know which is which.
Gilles speaking at the solidThinking CONVERGE conference in Los Angeles.
Nearly every presenter at the two-day conference weaved additive manufacturing into his or her talk. From Ralph Gilles, head of design for Fiat Chrysler, using it to get a feel for a new headlight, to Eric Long, associate director of architecture firm Skidmore Owings and Merrill, who uses it to produce scale models of new building designs, additive manufacturing is playing a role in an increasing number of design processes.
To many consumers, 3D printing is still a buzzword—but as more and more designers, engineers, artists and creative types are exposed to the potential and as companies such as Altair and its subsidiary solidThinking continue making the design process easier, it is quickly becoming the backbone upon which new ideas take shape.
This shift could very easily affect students and young engineers as well, who should take note. The job market for traditional processes could soon see change in a big way, as Gilles pointed out when he shared headcount numbers that showed a doubling of virtual modeling experts since 2008. This came curiously at the same time as a 25-percent reduction in clay modeling experts.
If you missed this event, the CONVERGE conference is not a one-time thing. Altair is taking the show on the road to Germany, China, Japan, India and Korea, so expect to see more great uses of technology and additive manufacturing as each event pulls in speakers from the local area.
Chris McAndrew (@CbMcAndrew) is a product development and marketing executive with nearly a decade of experience bringing concepts from the idea stage to market release in a variety of industries. He is a trained mechanical engineer, with a B.S. from Tulane University, and he is completing an MBA program at UCLA Anderson School of Business ('16).
An 8-year-old New York girl has received more than a million Christmas cards after her aunt's Facebook post went viral.
Safyre Terry was badly burned in an arson attack that took the lives of her father, sister and two brothers in 2013. Her aunt Liz Dodler posted of Facebook in early December asking if anyone wanted to send Safyre cards—and her request caught on.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The Associated Press reports that Safyre has received more than a million Christmas cards from well wishers—including the Obamas. “Safyre had the honor of getting a card from the President, First Lady and family,” Dodler wrote in an update on the Safyre Schenectady's Super Survivor Facebook page. “THANK YOU Mr. President and First Lady.”
Safyre had the honor of getting a card from the President, First Lady and family.THANK YOU Mr. President and First Lady <3 Posted by Safyre Schenectady's Super Survivor on Tuesday, December 22, 2015
In the Christmas spirit, the family has decided to donate some of the cards, dolls and art supplies that Safyre has received to those in need throughout the Albany, N.Y. area and to a Boston hospital where Safyre receives treatment.
Safyre will be keeping at least one present though—a 3-D printed hand, which the Washington Post reports students spent months creating for her.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Next, in mid-August, news reports suggested that Iranian President Hassan Rouhani had warned his parliament—on live television—that Iran was prepared to “return … within hours—to conditions [in its nuclear program] more advanced than before the start of negotiations.” It took a day for a more accurate translation to indicate that Rouhani had instead argued, “new U.S. officials should know that failed experience of sanctions and coercion brought their previous governments to the negotiating table,” and that if the agreement dissolved “we will return to a much more advanced situation than at the time of the start of the talks.” In other words: Sanctions didn't solve the nuclear issue, only negotiations did; and if the United States rips up the nuclear agreement, Iran has options too. These might reasonably be interpreted as old facts, not new threats. Indeed, the truly striking thing about the remarks was the fact that Rouhani—even to a parliament populated by plenty of hard-liners—doubled down on his commitment to compromise and diplomacy rather than to escalation and confrontation. He didn't tell the hardliners what they wanted to hear. To an audience that at times doubts Rouhani, he made it clear that the nuclear agreement isn't Iran's only option, it is “Iran's preference.”
This week nuclear deal opponents coalesced around an alleged threat by Vice President Ali Akbar Salehi, the head of Iran's nuclear sector, that “we are able to resume 20 percent enrichment in at most five days.” The Independent initially reported that this meant the Iranians could have a nuclear weapon within five days of withdrawing from the agreement. Very few reports bothered to include his contemporaneous comment that “definitely we are not interested in such a thing happening. We have not achieved the deal easily to let it go easily. We are committed to the deal, and we are loyal to it.” Lost in the surrounding firestorm was the fact that even if the nuclear agreement disintegrated, Iran could not in “five days” return to a robust nuclear program. The Iran deal ensured this, because it required the elimination of 97 percent of Iran's uranium stockpile; the destruction of the Arak reactor's core, blocking the production of weapons-grade plutonium; the removal of two-thirds of centrifuges; and and a halt to all uranium enrichment at the underground Fordow site. Salehi knows that—which is why it's logical to conclude he was parroting Rouhani's previous argument.
Does all of this mistranslation and misinterpretation matter? History tells us it certainly can. Historians still debate whether a mistranslation of the Japanese word “mokusatsu” at the Potsdam Conference as World War II put America on a road of no return to drop the atomic bomb. The Allies pressed Japan for an unconditional surrender, to which the Japanese delegation responded using the term ''mokusatsu,'' to “reserve comment.” Truman was misinformed that the word meant “ignore.” We will never know what might have happened had a translator conveyed, correctly, that Japan might not have intended to “ignore” the Allies and close the door on negotiation after all, but rather “reserved comment” to keep it cracked open for future discussion.
Independent Picture Service/Alamy
Ancient Romans built concrete sea walls that have withstood pounding ocean waves for more than 2,000 years. Now, an international team has discovered a clue to the concrete's longevity: a rare mineral forms during chemical reactions between the concrete and seawater that strengthen the material.
Structural engineers might be able to use these insights to make stronger, more-sustainable concrete, says team leader Marie Jackson, a geologist at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City. She and her colleagues report their findings on 3 July in American Mineralogist1.
Modern concrete uses a paste of water and Portland cement, a fine powder made mostly of limestone and clay, to hold together small rocks. But it degrades within decades, especially in harsh marine environments. Instead of Portland cement, the Roman concrete used a mix of volcanic ash and lime to bind rock fragments. The Roman scholar Pliny the Elder described underwater concrete structures that become “a single stone mass, impregnable to the waves and every day stronger.” This piqued Jackson's interest. “For me the question was, how does this material become a rock?” she says.
In earlier work, Jackson and colleagues reported some of the unusual chemistry of Roman concrete, such as the presence of a rare mineral known as aluminium tobermorite2. For the new study, the scientists took samples of Roman harbour concrete to the Advanced Light Source, an X-ray synchrotron at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in Berkeley, California, and mapped out the location of minerals in the samples.
The researchers found a silicate mineral called phillipsite, which is common in volcanic rocks, with crystals of aluminium tobermorite growing from it. Tobermorite seems to have grown from the phillipsite when seawater washed through the concrete, turning it more alkaline. “It's a very rare occurrence in the Earth,” Jackson says. Such crystallization has only been seen in places such as the Surtsey volcano in Iceland. As tobermorite grows, it may strengthen the concrete because its long, plate-like crystals allow the material to flex rather than shatter when stressed.
Marie Jackson
Applying ancient knowledge
Modern concrete-makers could learn from the ancient Romans' knowledge, says Nele De Belie, a materials engineer at Ghent University in Belgium. She and her colleagues have used materials such as fly ash, produced during the burning of coal, to give concrete ‘self-healing' properties, whereby the material closes up cracks after they form3. Fly ash is similar to the volcanic ash that Romans used in their mix.
Jackson has been working to recreate the Romans' concrete recipe in the lab. She is also a consultant for a cement company in Nevada that is using volcanic ash from the western United States to formulate such concrete.
“I'm not saying this would be the concrete that would be used in everyday infrastucture,” she says. “But for materials like sea walls, we could formulate mixtures with lime and volcanic ash materials in the way that the Romans did.” The Romans may have got their ideas from studying how ash from volcanic eruptions crystallized into durable rock, Jackson says.
