Privacy awareness has been thankfully growing steadily across the web, and a number of programs have arisen as a result; Signal, is one such program.
I won't name drop, but enough major players in the world of privacy advocacy have given their seal of approval for Signal, and so I knew I had to check it out for myself.
Signal, is a program that ties into your phone number in a similar fashion to WhatsApp, and offers encrypted messaging between clients using their data / wifi rather than sms system, to allow for messaging worldwide. As well, video and audio chat options are available.
Signal Installation
Signal is available for download from the main website, and is available for Android, iOS, Mac, Windows and Linux.
I installed via the AUR for Antergos, other distributions may have their own packages in repos, and Debian based distributions can also install with the following instructions,
curl -s https://updates.signal.org/desktop/apt/keys.asc | sudo apt-key add -
echo "deb [arch=amd64] https://updates.signal.org/desktop/apt xenial main" | sudo tee -a /etc/apt/sources.list.d/signal-xenial.list sudo apt update && sudo apt install signal-desktop
Setting up and using Signal
The first screen you'll see when installing Signal, will ask if you wish to set up as a new install, or setup from exported data. Obviously, you'll want to choose the option most appropriate. In this case, select a new installation.
Next, you'll be asked to install signal on your mobile device, verify your phone number, and scan a QR code. Once finshed, Signal will bring you to your main screen.
The application doesn't have a plethora of options to be had, you can change a few things like making the program appear more like android, android dark, or iOS, and a few other basic settings, but that's it. If your friends have Signal, it likely will find them based on your phone contacts, but you also have the option to search for friends.
From my iPhone I was able to initiate video calls, but unfortunately I was not able from my Signal in my Antergos setup. Text messaging did work fine however.
However, Signal from Android also has the ability to send normal SMS messages when contacting a phone number that does not utilize Signal, just as iMessage does on iOS devices. However, iPhones and Desktop users do not have this option.
That said, I do love the continuity much like iMessage for Apple devices, how I can text someone else using Signal from my phone, and continue my conversation on my laptop later on, providing they are a Signal user too.
Signal does include a couple of features also worth noting however, such as the ability to set disappearing messages. This means that messages will automatically be deleted after X time, which can be determined by you.
Another feature, is the ability to verify your contacts. This can be done via QR code, or by comparing a series of numbers on the two phones, to confirm that the person you are talking to, is who you believe they are (or at least the correct device is being used.)
Final words
Overall, Signal for GNU/Linux is a great messenger application utilizing the industry standard AES-256, as well as HMAC-SHA256 and Curve25519. You can be fairly confident that your message will be encrypted well. The only real downside, is convincing your friends or family to use it.
Now you
What are your thoughts on Signal? Would you use it to replace things like Skype with your contacts?
Summary Article Name Signal Encrypted Messenger on GNU/Linux Description Privacy awareness has been thankfully growing steadily across the web, and a number of programs have arisen as a result; Signal, is one such program. Author Mike Turcotte Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo
Advertisement
Why rare wines are essential
Lately there's been a lot of hand-wringing and populist nonsense about limited-production wines from tiny vineyards or extremely small producers. The premise is always the same: Wine writers like me, and even more so the big wine-tasting mandarins who taste thousands of wines a year, panning for wine gold, are always praising wines that Average Joe or Jane can't obtain.
This praise for the seemingly unobtainable is perceived as inherently undemocratic. And that, in turn, makes it … wait for it … elitist. In American culture there's no word more damning than that. In this country, the whole idea, the very raison d'être, is that everybody, everywhere, who wants something and has the dough ought to be able to get it.
This is why we love today's most exciting products, which are consumer electronics. It's why Apple is the world's most valuable company. Steve Jobs hit on a financial and emotional treasure trove when he created a product line, epitomized by the iPhone, that conveyed an unmistakable elitist cachet yet you and I and billions of others could line up and get one—at a price, of course. It seems rare and valuable, yet it really isn't.
The baseline of populist belief today—"Whaddaya mean I can't get it?"—makes anything that's the least bit difficult to obtain downright un-American. And when it pertains to wine, this mentality rises up like a wrathful beast breathing fire.
Consequently, we've been reading and hearing scornful remarks about how those of us who love the finest, or at least most interesting, wines are elitists. "What good are such wines if we can't get them?" is the rallying cry. Recommending such wines is decried as elitism.
My response is simple: You're damn right we're elitists. How do you think greatness is achieved in wine? By spurning high achievement because it leaves others behind?
If that isn't blunt enough, allow me to be more direct yet. Nowhere in the world of wine—and I mean nowhere—does wine achieve the highest quality without a corresponding rejection of concern about availability.
If your primary concern as a wine producer is to ensure a sufficient supply, then you can pretty well forget about reaching the pinnacle of fine wine distinction. Not mere rarity, mind you, but originality.
Yes, you can still create a genuinely fine wine on a large scale. That was the ambition and achievement of Robert Mondavi, who showed us that it could be done. I, for one, have never forgotten his vision and achievement in this regard.
But to pursue the always-just-out-of-reach next step, well, that's something else again. That level of wine is not an iPhone. It cannot be replicated and scaled-up to fulfill expanding demand. That sort of wine is guaranteed to be fundamentally limited precisely because it cannot be manufactured. Instead, it can only be found.
There's always some joker who says that the likes of La Tâche or Ridge Monte Bello or any other pinnacle of "placeness" in wine is really in the hands of the maker. My response—my taunt, really—is always the same: "Fine, make me La Tâche. Do it anywhere else other than the site that actually creates La Tâche. Go ahead, do it." They never do. Because it can't be done.
Truly fine wine is inherently elitist. It's not merely that it must come from a tiny plot of land. There's no structural reason why a La Tâche couldn't be 5,000 acres in size. But in truth, such a level of wine distinction never comes from a place anywhere near that size, does it?
Actually, a surprising number of what pretty much everyone would agree are the world's finest wines arrive in what might be called plausible quantity. For its part, La Tâche is good for some 20,000 bottles a year. Granted, the price is exorbitant, but hey, that's supply and demand, buddy.
Ironically, it's in places like California and Oregon, smack in a country and culture that pursues and celebrates mass marketing, that some of the newest—and far from the most expensive—wines appear in the smallest quantities. Typically, these are single-vineyard wines from very small producers who are pursuing a vision that sometimes has them all alone—until the huzzahs start pouring in. Elsewhere in the world, I don't believe that we've ever seen quite so many such "visionary wines" from so many producers in France, Spain, New Zealand, Australia, Greece and Portugal as we're witnessing today.
All of which brings me back to the nonsensical objection to the limited quantity, purportedly unobtainable "unicorn wines." Sure, it's irritating to read about a wine produced in such small quantity that you know you're unlikely to find it. Understood. I get it. Hell, sometimes I feel that way myself.
But make no mistake: It's these very wines that move the needle. More often than not, they are the wines that set a new standard. And surprisingly, they're often not even that expensive, especially when they first appear on the scene. (We all know what happens to the price after such wines get a score of, say, 98 points. But don't blame the messenger who delivered such a score. He or she did the required job, namely, finding the nugget.)
Sure, there's always artificial rarity, a matter of producers gaming the system to make something seem rare (and profitably expensive) that really isn't. But those sorts of wines are easily identified because, almost invariably, they're not tied to a specific site. That's the giveaway.
If you look at the truly great stuff that's genuinely rare, the supply is small because the source is fundamentally limited. There's only so much of a distinction of place to go around before, like a radio signal, the distinction begins to drift and the compelling sense of place wanes. Great wines lock-in the signal of place. They locate a source that delivers real originality and then refine how that originality is conveyed to us. This is where sensitive winemaking matters; this is where rigor in grapegrowing and harvesting counts. This is the true elitism.
And so, inevitably, it turns out that there's only so much of this true elitism to go around. Even what at first seems overall a generous supply turns out to be anything but, because in a seemingly sizable site, such as a large hillside with multiple owners (think Corton and Corton-Charlemagne), this true elitism gets magnified. We all know that some producers are superior because their vineyard yields are lower or their winemaking techniques tease out greater depth and detail. And a true elitism of site allied to a true elitism of competence is almost certain to result in a short supply.
Consequently, maybe you or I can't get it. Or can't afford it. But we should want it, all the same. Because it's these wines, if they stand the test of time, that move everything forward. They set a new standard for us, and for their competitors, a new goal.
Far from unicorns, these wines are very real. And they are essential to the ecosystem of wine. Without them, fine wine withers. Why? Because these so-called elitist wines are the ones that literally define "fine"—and constantly, restlessly, keep redefining it.
So if you've got a problem with "elitism" in wine, well, that's your problem. Far from a problem for fine wine, it's an essential, indispensable asset.
We've just got the news that Apple has seeded the second version of iOS 7 beta (11A4400f) to developers of iOS Developer program.
Apple unveiled iOS 7 at today's WWDC 2013 Keynote address. It features a completely redesigned interface and new features such as Control Center, AirDrop for iOS, smarter multitasking and iTunes Radio.
It seems to be available via OTA update currently. We are still waiting to find out if iOS 7 beta 2 is available for the iPad.
Update 1:
iOS 7 beta 2 is now available in iOS Dev center. Apple has also released iOS 7 beta 2 for iPad. So iOS 7 beta 2 is available for:
iPhone 5, iPhone 4S, iPhone 4
iPad 4, iPad 3, iPad 2 and iPad mini
iPod touch 5G
Update 2:
Direct download links for iOS 7 beta 2 (please note you need to be a registered developer)
Apple has also released Xcode 5 Developer Preview 2 and Apple TV Software beta 2 for 2nd and 3rd generation Apple TV.
So if you're a developer, then head over to iOS Dev Center to download the latest beta or launch the Settings app to install the update. If you need help check out our step-by-step guide on how to install iOS 7 beta.
Update 1:
iOS 7 beta 2 expires on Thursday, August 8 2013.
Today's iOS 7.0 beta 2 (11A4400f) released to developers expires on Thursday August 8, 2013 @ 12AM (GMT). #TheMoreYouKnow — iH8sn0w (@iH8sn0w) June 24, 2013
As always, let us know how it goes. If you find anything new then please send us an email to tips@iphonehacks.com.
We'll let you know if we get information on any interesting new features in the new beta, so stay tuned here at iPhone Hacks or join our Facebook Fan page or follow us on Twitter or add us to your circles on Google+ or subscribe to our RSS feed.
Thanks Alan for the tip!
Like this post? Share it!
Image copyright Other Image caption Children from four schools released balloons in memory of those who died
Pupils in schools in London and other parts of England are wearing green to show support for those affected by the fire at Grenfell Tower.
The campaign is asking pupils and staff to give £1 to charity in exchange for wearing something green for the day.
The idea arose when students at Fulham Cross Girls' school in London wanted to show solidarity for the fire victims.
Fulham Cross head Peter Haylock said more than 100 schools in west London had worn green for Grenfell on Friday.
He added: "The idea arose from the students themselves who have relatives and friends who have been really badly affected by the fire.
"Some of our students also come past the tower on the way to school.
"We came up with the idea of wearing green for Grenfell and we spoke to the local authority, which goes across the three boroughs, Hammersmith, Kensington and Chelsea and Westminster, and over 100 schools have picked it up.
"From there, it has gone across the whole of London and the whole of the UK," he said.
'Offering support'
Image copyright other Image caption Pupils at Green Dragon Primary also donned green gear for the day
Around 100 balloons were released at Fulham Cross Girls in memory of those who lost their lives in the fire.
Pupils from three other schools, dressed in green, were invited to be part of the balloon-releasing ceremony.
Mr Haylock added: "For me as a head teacher, I know that some of my colleagues have had to do the worst thing imaginable - to tell an assembly that some of their friends will not be coming back."
Meanwhile, Belmont School in Chiswick, west London, tweeted that it raised £705.40 for the Grenfell Disaster Fund.
Image copyright Other Image caption Pupils at this Chiswick school turned the playground green
"Thank you for your generosity Belmont," a tweet said.
The senior leadership team at Outwood Grange School in Sheffield made green jelly to mark the day and offer support to the families affected.
Meanwhile, pupils at Oswald Road Primary‏ in south Manchester are also supporting the day, by wearing green clothes and collecting donations for those who have lost loved ones and their homes.
"The idea is to do some fundraising to help and to show support for those who've lost everything in the fire," the school tweeted.
Schools taking part are giving funds to a number of different charities supporting work in the community affected.
Several of my readers have emailed me, asking about how to deal with more complex stubbing situations when using Sinon.js.
In this article, we'll look at how to stub objects which are deeply nested, and when functions have more complex return values and they interact with other objects.
We'll use DOM objects as a practical example, as they're used quite often, and they can present several challenges when stubbing.
The problem in more detail
If you've used Sinon, you'll know stubbing simple objects is easy (If not, check out my Sinon.js getting started article)
For example, we can do…
//to stub someObject.aFunction... var stub = sinon. stub ( someObject , 'aFunction' ) ; //to stub someObject.aFunction... var stub = sinon.stub(someObject, 'aFunction');
But what if you have a more complex call?
document. body . getElementsByTagName ( 'div' ) [ 0 ] . getAttribute ( 'data-example' ) document.body.getElementsByTagName('div')[0].getAttribute('data-example')
How on earth would you stub something like that?
Let's find out!
Stubbing functions in a deeply nested object
Sometimes you need to stub functions inside objects which are nested more deeply.
For example, we used document.body.getElementsByTagName as an example above. How can you stub that?
The answer is surprisingly simple:
var getElsStub = sinon. stub ( document. body , 'getElementsByTagName' ) ; var getElsStub = sinon.stub(document.body, 'getElementsByTagName');
That's it. This works regardless of how deeply things are nested. Things do get a bit more complex if you need to stub a result of a function call, which we'll look at in a bit.
Stubbing an entire complex object
In some situations, you might want to stub an object completely. For example, let's say we have a function which sets some attributes on an element:
function setSomeAttributes ( element ) { var id = element. id ; element. setAttribute ( 'data-id' , id ) ; element. setAttribute ( 'data-child-count' , element. children . length ) ; } function setSomeAttributes(element) { var id = element.id; element.setAttribute('data-id', id); element.setAttribute('data-child-count', element.children.length); }
In a situation like this, the easiest way to stub this is to just create a new object which you can then pass in as a parameter in your test:
var elStub = { id : 'foo' , children : [ ] , setAttribute : sinon. stub ( ) } ; var elStub = { id: 'foo', children: [], setAttribute: sinon.stub() };
Note that we used sinon.stub for the function. We could've used an empty “normal” function too, but this way we can easily specify the behavior for setAttribute in our tests, and we can also do assertions against it.
With more complex fake objects like this, it's easy to end up with messy tests with a lot of duplication. I recommend using test helper functions to create complex stubs, as they allow you to easily reuse your stubs and other functionality. If you want to learn more about test helper functions, grab my free Sinon.js in the Real-world guide.
Stubbing complex return values
When working with real code, sometimes you need to have a function return an object, which is stubbed, but used within the function being tested. For example, let's say we have a function which applies a CSS class to certain elements:
function applyClass ( parent , cssClass ) { var els = parent. querySelectorAll ( '.something-special' ) ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < els. length ; i ++ ) { els [ i ] . classList . add ( cssClass ) ; } } function applyClass(parent, cssClass) { var els = parent.querySelectorAll('.something-special'); for(var i = 0; i < els.length; i++) { els[i].classList.add(cssClass); } }
In order to test the correct class is being applied, we need to stub both parent.querySelectorAll and the returned elements in the list.
We'll apply what we learned so far:
it ( 'adds correct class' , function ( ) { var parent = { querySelectorAll : sinon. stub ( ) } ; var elStub = { classList : { add : sinon. stub ( ) } } ; parent. querySelectorAll . returns ( [ elStub ] ) ; var expectedClass = 'hello-world' ; applyClass ( parent , expectedClass ) ; sinon. assert . calledWith ( elStub. classList . add , expectedClass ) ; } ) ; it('adds correct class', function() { var parent = { querySelectorAll: sinon.stub() }; var elStub = { classList: { add: sinon.stub() } }; parent.querySelectorAll.returns([elStub]); var expectedClass = 'hello-world'; applyClass(parent, expectedClass); sinon.assert.calledWith(elStub.classList.add, expectedClass); });
The interaction between the different functions can be a bit tricky to see at first. But keep in mind they are just normal JS objects and normal JS functions, albeit with some Sinon.js sugar sprinkled on top.
First, we create a test-double for the parent parameter. We set a stub for querySelectorAll , as it's the only property used in the function. We'll use this stub to return a list of fake elements.
Then, we create a stub for the element. Since we need to verify the classList.add function is called, we add a classList property with an add stub function.
After we make parent.querySelectorAll return a list with the stubbed element in it, we can run the function we're testing.
Finally, since we returned a stubbed class list, we can easily verify the result of the test with a Sinon assertion.
Putting it all together
Now that we know the pieces we need to deal with more complex stubbing scenarios, let's come back to our original problem.
document. body . getElementsByTagName ( 'div' ) [ 0 ] . getAttribute ( 'data-example' ) document.body.getElementsByTagName('div')[0].getAttribute('data-example')
Now you should have an idea on how to stub this kind of code in your tests.
Let's see what it would look like:
var getEls = sinon. stub ( document. body , 'getElementsByTagName' ) ; var fakeDiv = { getAttribute : sinon. stub ( ) } ; getEls. withArgs ( 'div' ) . returns ( [ fakeDiv ] ) ; var getEls = sinon.stub(document.body, 'getElementsByTagName'); var fakeDiv = { getAttribute: sinon.stub() }; getEls.withArgs('div').returns([fakeDiv]);
With the above code, we could now verify in our tests that the getAttribute function is called correctly, or have it return specific values.
Conclusion
Dealing with complex objects in Sinon.js is not difficult, but requires you to apply different functionality together to make things work. Although we used DOM objects as an example here, you can apply these same methods to stub any kind of more complex object.
tl;dr: They were killed by their women.
There's been news of a very rare occurrence in Japan. A bombing. In a provincial city, at that. Utsunomiya, a town nobody knows about and nobody should really know about. Nothing going on there.
This week though, there was a big bombing. 1 dead, 3 injured. A car exploded in some park.
The media and the Internet were all talking about it. Terrorism! Must be, right?
Wait, terrorism? In Utsunomiya? No way. No fucking way. Of course it's not terrorism. So what is it? Who did this?
This guy:
And who is this guy? A Samurai. A pissed off Samurai.
An old Samurai too. Retired. 72 year old ex officer of the Self Defence Forces. He had worked his whole life for the defense of his country. Alas, his country didn't pay back the favor.
Kurihara Toshimasa had a schizophrenic daughter. She was going insane all the time at home, making a mess of herself and everything around her. He tried to control her anyway he thought of; to no avail. Eventually he forced her into an asylum.
His wife though had other ideas. A local cult sold her that her daughter wasn't ill, she was just possessed or something, and they had this magic potions and rituals and stuff that could cure her of those possessions. The wife ate the whole thing up; eventually spent 500k dollars in whatever scam the cult came up with. The totality of Mr. Kurihara's savings. A lifetime of savings. Including the retirement allowance that the army had given him. All gone.
Well eventually an argument ensued. The wife responded by suing our samurai for domestic violence. Everytime her daughter went batshit and he came to physically restrain her? Domestic violence. Sending her to the asylum against her schizophrenic will? Domestic violence. Arguing with the wife about money? Domestic violence. Evidence? None. The wife's word.
Thing is our samurai was a bit old fashioned. He didn't lawyer up. Why would I need a laywer? I'm in the right. Surely our legal system will recognize there is no evidence against me. Oh man. The judges gave his cultish wife everything she wanted. Divorce. Money. Property. Even the car. All to her. Our Samurai protested. “My wife tried to kill me. She assaulted me with a knife! Surely I had to restrain her”. The judges laughed. “Well if you had died we'd recognize that”.
Our Samurai had lost everything. His family. His property. His dignity. What could he do? It's not like he didn't defend himself. He run a Twitter account blogging about his trial. He started a blog. He went every day on 2ch (like reddit, sorta) trying to gain sympathy and attention. It didn't work. Nothing work. Modern society is not kind to a samurai. It is however very kind to women. Even insane women.
And so he decided. He had lost everything. He was not allowed to live like a man. Then he will die like a man. On the morning of the 23th of October, he burnt down his (now his wive's) house. 20 minutes later he sat on his car, and made it explode. His wife wanted the house and the car. Well, she won't have them. That's the least he could do.
People talk a lot about what a bunch of sexless wimps the modern Japanese have become.
From conquering a hemisphere to this pic.twitter.com/zvTHasLPPC — Walēd (@thelateempire) October 17, 2016
Now you know why. Humans are rational. Everything is rational. Gnon is always there.
Find An Event Create Your Event Help BUG Radiohead Special Downtown Independent
Los Angeles, CA Share this event: Get Tickets There are no active dates for this event. Tickets may still be available at the door. Not Available
Event BUG Radiohead Special Hosted by Adam Buxton
Doors at 7:30
Show at 8:30
In a career now spanning twenty years, not many music artists have done more to expand the horizons of the artform of music video than Radiohead.
Now, the established British music video screening event, BUG is delighted to bring to Downtown Independent a very special show focusing on Radiohead, one of the greatest rock bands, and greatest innovators in music video and audio-visual arts.
This unique show will see the band's amazing music video output celebrated on the big screen their greatest videos, their collaborations with directors such as Jonathan Glazer, Grant Gee, Shynola, Garth Jennings and BUG's very own host Adam Buxton and also rareties, some never before seen on a big screen, or indeed any screen. Don't miss a very special night of extraordinary sound and vision from BUG and Radiohead the champions of the artform of music video. Location Downtown Independent (View)
251 South Main St
Los Angeles, CA 90012
United States 251 South Main StLos Angeles, CA 90012United States
Categories Music Contact Email:
support@brownpapertickets.com
Donald Trump's campaign is responding to September's job report, suggesting that people see the Obama-Clinton economy is failing them.
“Today's weak September jobs report confirmed what people feel — that the Clinton-Obama economy is failing them. Americans desperately need more jobs and new economic policies, not the same-old, same-old offered by the Clinton campaign,” Trump's senior economic advisor David Malpass states in a press release.
September's job report reveals that a lower amount of jobs was added than had been anticipated, and there was a rise in unemployment.
“Payroll growth was disappointing for a second straight month in September as employers added 156,000 jobs, raising questions about the health of an economy that was expected to perk up from a prolonged slump in the second half of the year,” reports USA Today's Paul Davidson.
According to Fortune, it was projected 177,000 jobs would have been added in September. Additionally, the Wall Street Journal notes that 13,000 manufacturing jobs in the United States were lost last month.
The unemployment rate also rose from 4.9 percent to 5 percent.
The Trump campaign's press release on Friday noted that the labor participation rate is at 62.9 percent, “near a historic low.”
“The overall unemployment rate is stuck at 9.7%. That means that millions of Americans are being left out of the recovery, hitting the young and minority workers particularly hard,” Malpass adds.
He continues:
The report shows a troubling long-term trend: after seven hard years of the Clinton-Obama administration their policies still can't produce better-paying jobs and upward mobility. Average wages rose only six cents in September and are barely keeping up with inflation. Almost a third of the jobs added in September – 51,000 jobs – are low-paying service jobs in sectors such as retail and restaurants that won't support a family, pay for a home or put children through college.
“We see many jobs in services, and too few better-paying jobs making the goods Americans use and can export to the rest of world,” Malpass explains. “The ‘recovery' is seven years of policy failure on virtually every significant metric — growth, income, trade and jobs. Four more years of Clinton-Obama policies would mean four more years of mediocrity or worse for American workers.”
Trump's senior economic advisor says Americans need Trump's plan for lower taxes and regulatory reform in order to create more jobs
If a wife makes false allegations of domestic violence against her husband, it would amount to cruelty, a valid ground for divorce, the Supreme Court said on Monday.
“The allegation that the husband was instigated to keep her (wife) at home as an unpaid servant is a disturbing allegation when viewed from the spectrum of gender sensitivity and any sensitive person would be hurt when his behaviour has remotely not reflected that attitude,” said a bench of Justice SJ Mukopadhyaya and Justice Dipak Misra, granting divorce to a Karnataka-based doctor.
The bench upheld the divorce granted by the state HC and dismissed the wife's appeal challenging it. The husband sought divorce on the grounds that his wife had falsely implicating him and his family members in a domestic violence case by claiming she was prevented from pursuing higher studies and was kept as an unpaid servant in the matrimonial home.
“It is her (wife) allegation that the sister and brother-in-law of the husband were pressurising him not to allow the wife to prosecute higher studies and to keep her as an unpaid servant in the house. On a studied evaluation of the evidence it is demonstrable that the wife had admitted that the husband had given his consent for her higher education and, in fact, assisted her,” the bench observed.
It even found the wife's decision to intentionally refrain from inviting the husband for the naming ceremony of their child to be an act of cruelty.
First Published: Jul 02, 2014 01:03 IST
Two clones of highly antibiotic-resistant organism strains, which previously had only been identified in the United States, are now causing serious sickness and death in several Colombian cities including the capital Bogotá, say researchers at The University of Texas Medical School at Houston. The study, done in collaboration with Universidad El Bosque in Bogotá, is presented in a research letter published in the Nov. 13 issue of the New England Journal of Medicine.
U.S. clones of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecalis (VREF) have emerged in communities across Colombia. The variation of the MRSA clone, referred to as the USA 300, has been previously reported to be the most important cause of severe skin and soft tissue infections in the United States. The VREF clone is genetically related to a strain that hit a Houston hospital in 1994.
In Colombia before 2005, there were no recorded cases of any community-associated MRSA infections, including USA 300 MRSA. In 2005, there were two: one in Bogotá and one in the city of Villavicencio. Now the number of MRSA infections is climbing across the country. The paper reports a total of 15 infections, some of which were documented in two additional cities between 2006 and 2007, said Cesar A. Arias, M.D., Ph.D., assistant professor of infectious diseases at the UT Medical School at Houston.
The first case of VREF was reported in Bogotá in 2001. Since then, 50 additional cases have been identified at seven hospitals.
"We are tracking and recording these cases to find the link between the U.S. and Colombia. The goal is to find out why and how these organisms got there. With this information, researchers hope to better understand the molecular epidemiology of these super bugs to understand how they spread and how to control them," Arias said. "The UT Medical School will continue to work with Latin American academic institutions to learn more about these antibiotic-resistant organisms."
All patients diagnosed with community-associated MRSA infections suffered severe skin and soft-tissue infections. Some patients also experienced death of tissue surrounding bones, bacteria in the bloodstream and meningitis, and 20 percent of the patients died. The MRSA infections were treatable with common antistaphylococcal antibiotics, although 40 percent were resistant to tetracycline.
Arias added that the USA 300 clone of MRSA has not only been found in Colombia. In a recent presentation at the annual meeting of the Interscience Conference on Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy (ICAAC) and Infectious Disease Society of America in Washington, D.C., Arias shared the news that this clone has been recorded in multiple patients in Ecuador and Venezuela.
Other research personnel at the UT Medical School included: Shahreen Chowdhury, Sreedhar R. Nallapareddy, Ph.D. and Barbara E. Murray, M.D. The research was funded in part by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.
Nut Free Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies have healthier ingredients and the cookies will become a family favorite. Fill up your cookie jar with this classic drop cookie.
It is difficult finding the right balance with treats. Allergies are an extremely hard avenue to follow. Thank goodness people are becoming more and more inventive with recipes these days.
Thank goodness for the internet too! All of these recipes are right at our fingertips.
Nut Free Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies is also dairy free and egg free. Luckily, on the whole, allergies are very low key in our family.
We do have picky eaters when it comes to certain nuts though. So, let's just leave out the nuts.
Nothing is missed in this recipe for Nut Free Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies and the flavor has a hint of maple. There is no maple but it comes from the coconut sugar. I just love that.
I hope you LOVE these chocolate cookies! They are:
Chewy
Textured
Rich in flavor
Crowd-pleasing
and Easy to Make!
Large, soft and chewy cookies with chocolate here and there really makes them perfect. The little bit of texture from old-fashioned oatmeal really adds a lot in the health department too.
You know what would be really pretty? One plate of cookies built into a rustic type pyramid with each layer being a different cookie. It can be just three different types but take turns with the variety. I have to try that.
Whoa! That went off track. So …
How can there be so many different types of cookies? It seems like I keep thinking up new ones but then I see lots on the internet too.
It is so much fun to make a variety of cookie recipes for a party, gifts, Christmas swapping or just for your own household. I freeze at least half of my cookies for the future because there are only two of us.
It takes a while to get through 36 cookies so in the freezer they go. After defrosting they are just like new.
I have a couple of other cookies that you might like to try that are very different from Nut Free Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies.
Peanut Butter Maple Cookies and Island Chocolate Topped Cookies are easy and diverse in texture and flavors. Here's a pic of one of them!
Chocolate makes its way into my recipes – a lot. What can I say?
Let's Get Connected! Facebook | Pinterest | Instagram | Bloglovin
This post contains affiliate links. Read my disclosure policy here.
Print 5 from 2 votes Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies Nut Free Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies have healthier ingredients and the cookies will become a family favorite. Prep Time 15 minutes Cook Time 8 minutes Total Time 23 minutes Servings 36 Cookies Calories 111 kcal Author Ginny McMeans Ingredients 2 egg substitutes of your choice (I used chia seed but you can use aquafaba, flax seed meal or packaged egg replacer)
1 cup dairy-free butter , softened
1 1/2 cup coconut sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 1/2 cup whole wheat pastry flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup old fashioned oats - uncooked
1 cup dairy free semi sweet chocolate chips Instructions Prepare egg replacers and set aside. Directions for chia seed egg replacement below in notes.
In a large bowl mix the butter and coconut sugar with a Hand Mixer until light and fluffy. About 5 minutes.
Add in the egg replacer and vanilla.
Add flour, baking soda and salt. Mix well.
By hand, mix in the old fashioned oats and chocolate chips.
On an ungreased Baking Sheet drop dough by heaping teaspoons full.
Bake at 375 ° for 8 minutes.
Transfer to a rack to cool completely. Nutrition Nutrition Facts Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies Amount Per Serving (1 Cookie) Calories 111 Calories from Fat 63 % Daily Value* Total Fat 7g 11% Saturated Fat 2g 10% Sodium 119mg 5% Potassium 39mg 1% Total Carbohydrates 16g 5% Dietary Fiber 1g 4% Sugars 6g Protein 1g 2% Calcium 1.2% Iron 4.2% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
How Do You Make a Chia Egg?
A chia egg is actually made with chia seed meal/flour, not the bare seed. The way you make meal/flour is by grinding the chia seed in a processor such as one for your coffee beans or a spice grinder. I use mine to strictly grind seeds so that I do not mix flavors. Grind until it is a fine meal. I do about 4 ounces at a time and keep it in a little freezer safe canning jar – in the freezer. When I need a Tablespoon or so it is all ready to go.
TO FREEZE:
You may freeze them in any of the methods shown in my article How to Prepare Food for the Freezer.
They defrost quickly so it really doesn't take any planning. Just put them on a plate for an hour or so and enjoy.
A skeptical U.S. District Judge Richard Jones has ruled that the Justice Department's cease-and-desist order to the Northwest Immigrant Rights Project would violate the Constitution. And the nonprofit is skeptical, too.
A federal judge in Seattle has temporarily blocked a Justice Department order that called on a local immigrant-rights organization to stop some of its legal work. His ruling also applies to similar groups around the country.
U.S. District Judge Richard Jones ruled Wednesday after oral arguments in a lawsuit brought by the nonprofit Northwest Immigrant Rights Project (NWIRP).
In a letter last month, the Justice Department told the group it must “cease and desist” providing certain legal assistance to immigrants unless it undertakes full representation of them in court.
Jones on Wednesday said the immigrant-rights group showed it would be immediately and irreparably harmed by the government's action. The cease-and-desist order also would violate the organization's constitutional rights, including to free speech, the judge ruled.
Most of the work of immigrant-rights group is its representation of clients, according to legal director Matt Adams. But it also offers lesser help, including preparing documents, to those representing themselves.
The group says it doesn't have the resources to represent everyone, and the order would leave thousands of people a year without any help at all. People facing deportation are not entitled to an attorney the way criminal defendants are.
Despite a government request to limit his ruling to the group, Jones barred the Justice Department from sending similar orders to any other organizations around the nation.
In oral arguments, government attorney Victor Mercado-Santana said the regulation requiring attorneys to file a formal notice of representation before offering “advice and additional assistance” is intended to hold them accountable for misconduct and combat fraud by unlicensed legal practitioners.
But Jones repeatedly expressed skepticism. Did the government have any evidence that Northwest Immigrant Rights Project was providing poor representation or was deficient in any way at all?
“At this moment, I don't have any information regarding that,” Mercado-Santana said.
Does the government believe the group's is pursuing “political objectives?” the judge asked.
Mercado-Santana said he didn't want to characterize the work of the immigrant-rights group.
The government attorney suggested those questions were irrelevant anyway. The Executive Office for Immigration Review, the office within the Justice Department overseeing immigration courts, needs to enforce its rule consistently. If anybody is held to it, then the group should be too.
But the rule has been in effect since 2008, the judge stressed. “Nine years went by with no action,” he said. At some point, he asked, did the government waive its enforcement right?
No, said Mercado-Santana. He maintained the government took action as soon as actions of the rights group came to light, even though the organization has for years been putting a notation on immigration court documents it helped prepare.
During a court recess, the executive director Jorge Barón said his group has some of the same questions as the judge: “Why after all these years? “Why now?
He noted that both Seattle and the Northwest Immigrant Rights Project have gotten a lot of attention in recent months for their support of immigrants and resistance to President Donald Trump's agenda. Barón and other attorneys with the group, for instance, went to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport after Trump issued his first travel ban and were instrumental in stopping immigrants from being turned away. The organization also filed a proposed class-action lawsuit against the first and second travel bans, and has held countless “know your rights” presentations.
The government's cease-and-desist order, Barón said, “gives us concern that this could be retaliation for those activities.”
Justice Department spokeswoman Nicole Navas declined to comment.
Mercado-Santana said that the immigrant-rights organization could continue to do much of its work it has said would be affected. It could hold know your rights presentations. It could offer advice — as long as it didn't cross the line through “auxiliary activities” before the court.
But when Jones pressed him on exactly where the line is, Mercado-Santana didn't provide a clear answer.
“How's a lawyer supposed to know?” the judge asked.
He said his temporary restraining order will be in effect until the court can deliberate on the request of the Northwest Immigrant Rights Project for a permanent injunction.
"We're not going to be happy until we've got this magic sheet of paper that contains all the books in the world," said Chris Green, VP of industrial design at Amazon's Lab126. "Edge-to-edge, all content, no device. And when we get there, I might be out of a job."
Realizing that ideal is going to take a while, but the Oasis is a fascinating step in that direction. To get the Oasis as light and sturdy as it is, Amazon took a plastic chassis and electroplated it with a special metal alloy. I'm told it's an expensive process, which no doubt helps explain the Oasis's steep asking price. There's no question, though, that the end result -- a reader weighing a mere 4.6 ounces -- is impressive.
The company also used a startlingly thin Paperwhite display and fitted even more LEDs along one side for brighter, more consistent lighting. Amazon let me load a few books on a demo unit, and Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World looked fantastic on it. That said, don't expect the Oasis to be any sharper than current models: It has the same 300-pixel-per-inch screen density as the Kindle Voyage and new Paperwhite.
So, the screen is still pretty great. The Oasis's design, on the other hand, is sure to be... divisive. For the most part it's incredibly thin (think: 3.4mm) but it has a flared edge designed to fit comfortably in your palm. The asymmetric look takes a little getting used to, certainly, but let's not forget that Amazon is no stranger to asymmetry. Remember how kooky the original Kindle looked?
Anyway, after using it for about half an hour, I'm down with Amazon's design decision. I've always gripped (or tried to grip) my e-readers with one hand, and the Oasis's odd design makes that easy. Its hump is comfortable to hang onto, and the bezel -- also home to two physical page-turn buttons -- is spacious enough to accommodate my fat thumb. The Oasis is also the first Kindle with an accelerometer, so lefties can turn the device over and use it just fine. Alas, though, it's still not waterproof. Amazon wouldn't comment on future plans when I asked, but one of the Kindle's designers seemed very well-versed on what it takes to waterproof a gadget. Make of that what you will.
That slimness comes with a price -- the Oasis by itself has a battery that'll last about two weeks on a single charge, down from the nearly six weeks the Voyage gets. To help, Amazon crafted a leather-backed case that houses an additional battery that adds about seven weeks to the Oasis's modest battery life. Don't worry: it's free and comes in the Oasis's box. Slap the cover onto the Oasis and it automatically starts charging, and if you charge the Kindle while the case is connected, both charge at the same time. Throw a new hibernation mode into the mix and the combined Kindle-and-case can sit untouched for even longer without needing a charge -- perfect for when the pull of paper books is too hard to resist.
You'll be able to pre-order an Oasis of your very own starting today, with your choice of black, merlot or walnut leather cover. What remains to be seen is whether anyone but full-tilt e-reading fanatics should invest in an Oasis -- stay tuned for a full verdict in the weeks to come.
Nora Johnson, a novelist and memoirist who had an early success with “The World of Henry Orient,” which was later made into a film with the help of her screenwriter father, Nunnally Johnson, died on Thursday in Dallas. She was 84.
Her death was announced on Monday by her daughter Marion Siwek, who did not specify the cause.
In her novels, which are full of relationships under stress, Ms. Johnson often drew on her experiences with her father, a prolific screenwriter, producer and director, and her upbringing as a child of divorce. Her memoirs told of a childhood spent amid glamour, living in New York with her mother but spending considerable time with her father and stepmother in Hollywood, where she worried about boring him.
“If I went out to Romanoff's with them and Groucho was there and the Bogarts and Coop and Rocky and all the rest,” she wrote in “Coast to Coast: A Family Romance” (2004), “I'd just be a black hole in the bright tapestry anyway.”
Nora Johnson was born in Hollywood on Jan. 31, 1933, when her father was already well on his way to a prominent career. Her mother, the former Marion Byrnes, a journalist, left her father when Nora was a young child, taking her to New York.
Vladimir Putin , the Russian president, took the decision to use military force to annex Crimea more than a fortnight before the question was put to the people living there.
Kremlin observers believe that Mr Putin convened a top secret meeting on the evening of Feb 25 or 26 – from which even his foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, was excluded – to map out his plans.
A day earlier, Mr Putin was in Sochi for the Winter Olympics closing ceremony. It is believed he then flew back to Moscow for the furtive reunion – which was not recorded in the Russian press.
At the meeting, according to The New York Times, the four men – Mr Putin, his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov, Nikolai Patrushev, secretary of the security council, and Alexander Bortnikov, the director of the FSB, the modern-day successor to the KGB – agreed that Crimea would be brought back under Russian control.
At the meeting, according to The New York Times , the four men – Mr Putin; his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov; Nikolai Patrushev, secretary of the security council; and Alexander Bortnikov, the director of the FSB, the modern-day successor to the KGB – agreed that Crimea would be put under Russian control.
The three men are seen as Mr Putin's “war council”, having served alongside the president as KGB agents stationed in Mr Putin's home town of St Petersburg during the 1970s and 80s.
From left: Nikolai Patrushev, Sergei Ivanov and Alexander Bortnikov (AP/Reuters)
“All, like Putin himself, are hard-boiled veterans of the Soviet security state – and are committed to some form of its restoration,” said Andrew Kuchins, director of the Russia programme at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
Writing in Politico, he continued: “It was a remarkably similar group who made the Soviet Union's fateful decision to invade Afghanistan in 1979. That foursome included Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev, his foreign minister Andrei Gromyko, defence minister Dmitri Ustinov and KGB chief Yuri Andropov. None lived to see the collapse of the Soviet Union, and Brezhnev was dead within three years.”
The decision was taken just three days after Viktor Yanukovych, Ukraine's president, fled his Kiev office, and at around the moment that Ukraine's parliament approved the ministers who would form an interim government.
Yet a week later, Mr Putin was still insisting publicly that Russia had no intention of annexing Crimea.
Behind the scenes, however, the wheels were set in motion. After Ukraine new government was announced, Russia put 150,000 troops on high alert – leading Washington to warn Moscow against military intervention.
A day later armed men seized Crimea's parliament and raised the Russian flag. Then two airports in Crimea were taken over.
On March 5 Russia again rebuffed calls to remove its troops, saying that the armed men were not Russian soldiers but were “self defence forces”. On March 16, Crimea voted to become part of Russia.
The revelation of Mr Putin's secret meeting came as Ukraine's border guard issued a series of reports highlighting the scale of Russian attempts to undermine the country.
The day before the referendum, border guards said nearly 600 Russian citizens who had been unable to confirm the purpose of their visit to Ukraine “but were probably attempting... to destabilise the situation were refused entry into Ukraine”.
Some of those turned back were armed, the border guard reports said, while others were carrying documents containing plans for “unauthorised manoeuvres”.
The border guard tried to rally its embattled staff, urging Ukrainians to send messages of support or deposit money in a bank account for donations.
“Despite the fierce moral and physical coercion, threats and blackmail, Ukrainian border guards take every effort to continue withholding the border management system in Crimea and remain faithful to the oath of allegiance to the Ukrainian people,” the force said.
Posted by Darren Urban on October 6, 2014 – 10:15 am
There already has been a lot of speculation on how the low block on Calais Campbell, the one injuring him, was a good call. The NFL this morning said that indeed, the Campbell play was a chop block, violating Rule 12, Section 2, Article 3 in items c) and d). From the league: “The officials threw the flag for the ‘reverse chop.' Julius Thomas blocked Calais Campbell ‘in the area of the thigh or lower,' as specified by rule, and Ryan Clady engages Campbell high “simultaneously or immediately after the block” by Thomas, resulting in the penalty.”
“The play also violated part c) of the rule, known as a “lure.” While Thomas chops Campbell, Clady ‘confronts the defensive player in a pass-blocking posture but is not physically engaged with the defensive player' ”
Thomas could be fined. Any fines are issued from the league later in the week. Those are usually announced Friday, unless the player fined says something about it. A look at the hit, courtesy SBNation:
Former NFL head of officials Mike Pereira, now with Fox, had previously said he thought it was flag-worthy.
Earlier in the 3rd qtr, the Broncos were correctly called for a “lure” block. Here's what that means: Via: @kfc https://t.co/JUXooOEQDX — Mike Pereira (@MikePereira) October 5, 2014
Tags: Calais Campbell Posted in Blog
Tuesday, we introduced a metric to try and gauge what sort of return each NFL draft pick provided to their respective teams during their rookie contracts. The unnamed concept has its strengths (ability to compare players at different positions to similarly pedigreed players) and weaknesses (an inability to separate poor performance from injury and a bias against successful teams that leave their young players on the bench). While our look at individual success and failures in that piece ended up identifying a number of poor picks whose sole crime was getting injured, the methodology we introduced in that piece should be much more valuable in analyzing draft trends and relative values over a number of years. That's what we're going to do today.
We're going to attack two common draft questions using this methodology. Our findings won't make the answers crystal clear, but they'll be steps in the right direction and things to keep in mind when you watch the parade of draftees during this week's upcoming gala. In addition to what the numbers suggest, we'll also try and point out the weaknesses and aspects of performance that aren't properly being weighted as we go along.
Question 1: Which is the safest position to go after early in the draft?
What this question is essentially asking is, “At which position am I least likely to draft a bust?” The traditional answer to this problem was “Draft an offensive lineman,” but there are enough anecdotal examples against that argument (Tony Mandarich, Mike Williams, and Jason Smith come to mind) to rule it out as a foolproof answer. This is exactly the sort of question our little bunch of calculations can go after.
First, we need to define “early in the draft.” Let's define that as the first two rounds. Then, using the value measurement system in our article from Tuesday, we'll categorize those players who produced fewer than 40 points of value during their first five years in the league as “busts.” That seems like a reasonable definition, as a player who made it through all five seasons under our study without ever starting a game would be directly on the line between bust and acceptable value. By this definition, most players who fail to turn into starters by the end of their fourth seasons will be considered busts.
The chart below compares each position's output of producing a draft success (blue) or a draft bust (red) from 1996 through 2007:
As it turns out, tight end is the position where teams are least likely to end up drafting a lemon during the first two rounds of the draft. In all, NFL organizations selected 32 tight ends during those opening two rounds from 1997-2007, and only four of them were eventual busts: Bennie Joppru, whom we mentioned yesterday, is joined in this group by Kansas City's Kris Wilson, Bears tight end John Allred, and Saints tight end Cam Cleeland, who had one fantastic season before suffering from a run of debilitating injuries. Offensive line is the second-most-reliable place to avoid busts, finishing just ahead of linebackers and defensive backs.
Quarterbacks are listed as having the most frequent bust rate, but remember that they also are brought into the league at a much slower pace than players at any other position and almost never play without an injury to the established starter. (They can also be kick holders.) Players at other positions are infinitely more likely to come in for a play or two as a substitute or serve as warm bodies on special teams, options unavailable to the quarterback. There's obviously not much difference in impact between a backup linebacker who suits up for kickoff duty four times and a backup quarterback holding a clipboard all game, but our system says that one played a game (and earned a half-point against that bust recognition) and the other one did not. That's an unfair way to judge quarterbacks. If we remove signal-callers from the equation, our old favorites — running backs — represent the position most likely to result in a wasted pick.
Question 2: Which position is it most important to draft early? Where is it easier to find sleepers later in the draft?
The obvious answer to the first half of this question is “quarterback,” but since the vast majority of the league's teams won't be concerning themselves with a quarterback in the first round in a given year's draft, we probably need to figure out the value curve for players at other positions, too. It's not enough to know that we can get Trent Richardson early in the first round; in order to make an informed decision, we need to know whether we would be better off drafting Trent Richardson and an offensive tackle in the second round, or if we're likely to get more value out of taking Matt Kalil before adding a running back in the subsequent round. If our research suggests that the likely difference in output between Richardson and a second-round back is relatively small, we'll have a flat value curve and a clear indication that we're better off paying a premium for an offensive tackle as opposed to a halfback.
All we're measuring here is the average number of “points” produced over their first five seasons by players at each position taken in each round of the draft from 1997-2007. Let's start by looking at the value curve for offensive players over that time frame.
Position Round 1-to-2 Round 1-to-3 Round 1-to-4 Round 2-to-4 QB 56% 33% 28% 49% RB 64% 50% 44% 69% WR 84% 54% 48% 58% TE 72% 66% 47% 65% OL 77% 45% 42% 54%
What this tells us is how the relative value of a player taken in a given round compared to the value produced by a first-rounder at the same position. So, as an example, let's work with wide receivers. A second-round pick at wideout produces 84 percent of the value that the average first-round pick at the same position produces, which is the highest retaining rate for players at any spot on the field. We can see that in the relatively flat curve for wideouts taken over the first two rounds in the chart above. Remember that stars like Greg Jennings, Vincent Jackson, Anquan Boldin, and Chad Ochocinco were taken in the second round and quickly became key players in their respective offenses. It's no surprise that we see the second-round wideout as a wise move.
However, once the second round passes, the value provided by wide receivers falls off a cliff. Outside of Steve Smith and Hines Ward, there's just not much in the way of impact wideouts coming off the board from the draft's third round. That average third-round wideout produces just 54 percent of the return that a first-rounder would provide, and that figure falls to 48 percent for fourth-rounders. And even if we compare those fourth-rounders to the wideouts who were selected in the second round, they're only able to produce 58 percent of the second-rounders' value. What this chart tells us about drafting wide receivers is that the sweet spot for finding them is in the second round. Offensive linemen present a very similar value curve, while our research also suggests that a fourth-round back will produce about 70 percent of the output created by an average second-rounder.
Now let's do the same thing for defense.
Position Round 1-to-2 Round 1-to-3 Round 1-to-4 Round 2-to-4 DL 69% 55% 49% 71% LB 63% 48% 47% 75% DB 80% 51% 45% 56%
The value curves for wide receivers and defensive backs are virtually identical, interesting considering their similar body types and profiles for size, athleticism, and temperament. Like wide receivers, defensive backs taken in the second round retain virtually all of the value from DBs taken in the first round, but they get paid a fraction of the cost on draft day. That little piece of information isn't enough to pass on a cornerback like Patrick Peterson on draft day, but it's enough to make other positions seem far more valuable. If you don't get a cornerback in the second round, though, you're probably better off passing altogether. That's not the case with players in the front seven, where non-first-rounders tend to struggle relative to those elite mixes of size and athleticism.
The other bias built in here, of course, is that players who get selected in the first round are more likely to get playing time at the beginning of their careers than players selected in the later rounds, who have to prove themselves in practice and/or wait for a key injury to occur.
While Damascus and environs are being pounded daily by terrorist mortars, and while the people have been enduring a brutal manufactured crisis for years, everyone I've met, everyone, just wants Syria to be back as it was. I walk the streets, shop in the souks, talk to cabbies, food vendors, people at celebrations… they all have said the same thing: Damascus 4 years ago was so safe, you could stay out till 5 am and not feel any danger. They've all said they want Syria united, they want the “foreign terrorists” out, and including opposition members our Peace Delegation met with, the vast majority (99% of the people I've talked to… Christian, Sunni, Shia, without religion…) have said they will vote for Bashar al-Assad in the upcoming elections, for a variety of reasons. The majority I've spoken with flat-out love him, others see him as a non-sectarian, unifying force, and the only force to combat the long-planned, imperialist-backed terrorism that plagues certain areas of Syria.
I know that if I were to visit Jobar or Mleeha, a couple of the areas just outside the city from where the mortars that assault Damascus daily originate, I'd hear a different story. But I'd also risk being abducted, be-headed or any number of gruesome fates which I don't need to test to know where the truth is.
But this post is meant to highlight the beauties of Syria, seen via Damascus, an ancient and cultured and living city whose people are still… living, celebrating, trying to get on with life in spite of mortars and snipers.
Finally, everyone I meet says to me: if you like Syria now, you should have seen it four years ago. There is life here, and love.
Photos and videos below
Morning music in Old Damascus
****
Old Damascus by night
****
Back lanes, old city Damascus, Apr 2014
****
Night back lanes and birds, old city Damascus, Apr 2014
****
Damascus scenes, from taxi, Apr 2014
****
simple shots from Damascus streets, to give a taste of the flavour of life here, Apr 13, 2014.
****
pigeons in the square opposite Umayyad mosque. life pulses in this square, in spite of it all, Apr 2014.
****
just outside the walls of the old city, Damascus, a small botanical oasis, Apr 2014.
****
April 2014, wedding and birthday party in the hotel where I'm staying. Life goes on in Syria.
****
April 2014 in Damascus where Christians in the old city celebrated Easter in the many churches and later with large parties in the old city restaurants.
****
an evening at one of old Damascus' many churches, in the days leading up to Easter, Apr 2014.
****
Apr 13, 2014, service with Patriarch Laham, old Damascus.
****
Umayyad Mosque, Damascus
Take a Tour of Endurance in the 'Interstellar' Oculus Rift Experience
With the launch of Interstellar in just one month, Paramount has kicked off their final marketing push for Christopher Nolan's epic sci-fi adventure. One of their key promotions includes an Interstellar Oculus Rift Experience, using the popular virtual reality headsets to provide an immersive experience. What does it show? I stopped by the promotion at the AMC Lincoln Square in New York City to check it out. Viewers are given a three-to-four minute tour of the spaceship Endurance, featured prominently already in trailers, which shifts into Zero G before jumping into the wormhole. As a fun, immersive promotion it's very cool - and really does provide a totally unique experience. It tricks your mind when the artificial gravity drops out.
The Interstellar Oculus Rift Experience is a promotion for the movie touring between a few locations over the next few weeks. Right now it's in New York City, heading to Houston and Los Angeles before ending up at the Smithsonian Udvar-Hazy Center in Virgina throughout November (once the movie hits theaters). It's free, it only takes a few minutes, it doesn't reveal or ruin any of the movie (it is just a walk through of the insides of the spaceship), and it's a cool way to give people an interactive look at what it's like to travel into space (without actually making that happen). Paramount sent the following quote from Christopher Nolan:
"I was impressed with how the experience is able to put you in the cockpit of 'Interstellar's' spaceship, the Endurance. It was just like being back on set." – Christopher Nolan
As far as I could tell, the virtual reality model is based specifically on the set pieces that Christopher Nolan built during production. He used minimal greenscreen during filming, building large scale practical sets and even putting up screens outside of windows to complete the experience of traveling into space. The Oculus Rift promotion (using the older Development Kit 2 headsets) is essentially like getting a personal tour of the set, setting foot inside of Endurance as if you are Cooper getting ready to navigate and enter the wormhole. What does it look like? Here are a few photos below to give everyone an idea of the experience. Up first - a shot of the inside of the Endurance spaceship, this is one of the tubes you float through when the gravity drops:
Here are a few more photos of the promotion and the chairs you sit in (which do move!). Take a closer look:
The exhibit will be open from 11AM to 11PM local time at the following locations: AMC Lincoln Square 13 in New York from October 6th-8th; the AMC Gulf Pointe 30 in Houston from October 17th-19th; the AMC CityWalk in Los Angeles from October 25th-27th; finally the Smithsonian Udvar-Hazy Center in Chantilly, Virginia from November 5th-19th. Guests of these AMC theaters can experience the exhibit free of charge on a first come-first served basis - just show up anytime, sign the release form, get in a short line. It's a fun experience and a cool way to promote the space exploration side of Interstellar.
As for the Oculus Rift side of this experience, it is very cool. Legendary Pictures CEO Thomas Tull is an investor in Oculus Rift (we talked about it in my interview with Tull this summer) and they presented an experience at Comic-Con this year involving the Jaegars from Pacific Rim. I was lucky to participate in that experience as well and it's very fun, totally immersive. Being able to look around, to feel like you're actually there, is an incredible feeling. If you're one of those people who keep saying "is this really the future?" Just wait until you experience it first-hand yourself, and touring Endurance might be the best way to give it a try.
Interstellar is directed by British filmmaker Christopher Nolan, of the films Doodlebug, Following, Memento, Insomnia, Batman Begins, The Prestige, The Dark Knight, Inception and The Dark Knight Rises. The screenplay is by Christopher Nolan and Jonathan Nolan, based on scientific theories by Caltech astrophysicist Kip Thorne and follows a group of explorers who make use of a newly discovered wormhole to surpass the limitations on human space travel and conquer the vast distances involved in an interstellar voyage. Matthew McConaughey stars in the film which Paramount Pictures releases on November 7th. For more information and to see a visualization of the stars, visit interstellarmovie.com. Or follow @Interstellar.
1 DAVIDPD on Oct 6, 2014
2 Pre Seznik on Oct 26, 2014
3 Bloost on Oct 6, 2014
4 Alex Billington on Oct 6, 2014
5 Guest on Oct 8, 2014
Sorry, no commenting is allowed at this time.
Well, in most cases, society is right: Give a kid a car and he's immediately going to see how high he can ramp it off something. But that doesn't change the fact that some very ambitious teens have changed the world. For instance ...
It's frustrating being a teenager, unable to drive, or drink, or vote. It's like society doesn't trust you with anything.
6 Superman Was Invented by High School Kids
Every elementary school kid has doodled a superhero on the back of a notebook at some point. But we're guessing your sloppy depiction of "Butt Man" didn't make you a millionaire and change pop culture forever. That is, however, what happened when a young Joe Shuster and Jerry Siegel first conceived the Man of Steel in high school.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Their design would wind up being the template for pretty much every superhero that would come later. For instance, have you ever asked yourself why superheroes wear spandex and Speedos? It's not exactly practical crime-fighting wear. Well, it's because a couple of kids were most likely inspired by 1900s circus strong men like Zishe Breitbart.
listverse
Seen here about to sucker punch some rebar.
Breitbart was world-famous right around the time Siegel and Shuster were growing up. His mailing address was actually "Superman-New York," and the advertisements for his shows bragged that he could stop a speeding locomotive. And guys like him wouldn't be seen on stage without a tiny pair of shorts or tights.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
As teenagers, Siegel and Shuster self-published their crude comic in a fanzine. And forget Lois, the Daily Planet, and Lex Luthor -- the first fictional superman was a creepy, sort-of evil mentalist who probably menaced renamed replicas of local bullies. After the Nazis went and soured the world on the whole concept of a "super man," Siegel and Shuster reinvented him as the captain of truth, justice and the American way.
Doctors' pay - time to end the gravy train
Feb 23, 2011
Niall Hunter, Editor
Niall Hunter, Editor
The election campaign has thrown up a plethora of claims and counter-claims between the political parties about what is wrong with our health system and the best way to fix it.
The average punter at this stage must be bamboozled by the rain forest of manifestos and policy documents and angered by the rationalisations of the outgoing Government that, when it comes to health service reform, has confused spin with reality.
Thankfully, sometimes a salient point emerges that tends to put things into perspective if you are looking for a thumbnail sketch about what is wrong with our health system and what needs to be changed.
Two figures are relevant here. Firstly - €136,000. That's the amount a (presumably exhausted) junior hospital doctor earned last year in overtime payments alone. That's on top of his or her normal salary of around €60,000.
Secondly - €201 million. That's the amount you and me handed over to the HSE last year in overtime payments for junior hospital doctors. With 4,700 juniors working in hospitals, this works out at an average overtime payout of €43,000.
There would be wide variations in overtime levels between different junior doctors in different specialties, but some can earn six-figure sums in overtime alone, albeit for working well in excess of 70 hours per week.
This €201 million payout, the HSE tells us, was after recent (obviously limited) reductions in junior hospital doctor hours under EU law and following recent contractual changes which cut back on overtime pay.
I'd hate to know, you might say, what it was before these reforms. Well here it is - the total payout in junior hospital doctor overtime was actually nearly €250 million in 2008.
There are issues here that will need to be addressed urgently by the next Government. An obvious one is how safe can it can be for either patient or doctor to have medics working such long hours. The health authorities obviously don't regard this as too urgent an issue, as they presided over such a dodgy system for years when it was an easy option for them.
The second is, why are there such long working hours for juniors?
Some senior consultant trainers will still claim that junior doctors need the long hours in order to be trained properly. In other words: "I did 100 hours week and look at me, so why can't they do it?" This contention is hotly contested by many.
But, and here is the real crux - this type of health and safety Russian roulette in our hospital system was supposed to have been sorted out some time ago. We are still having the same debates today about what is wrong in the hospital service that we were having in the 70s, 80s and 90s.
We have been told for many years past that the old system of juniors, supposedly trainees, doing excessive amounts of service work, leading to huge levels of overtime, was going to end.
Also, we were told the system would be changed so that consultants would deliver, rather than direct , the service on the ground to ensure more senior doctor decision-making for public patients.
We had the Government-sponsored Hanly report nearly 10 years ago, which promised that in order to give us consultant-provided care, consultant numbers would double from around 2,000 to nearly 4,000 and junior doctor numbers would be halved, with less reliance on costly overtime.
We were told that an expensive and long drawn-out consultant contract review process would provide for more flexible consultant working and equal access for public and private patients to hospital care, and would facilitate consultant-provided care in public hospitals.
We were sold a pup.
Consultant numbers were not doubled. The HSE said last week only 500 additional consultants have been appointed to the system since 2005 and during that time, junior doctor numbers have only been reduced by a few hundred.
Mary Harney threw millions at consultants to get them to accept a new deal. Among the benefits of the new contract promoted by the former Minister was that it would allow for equal access for public and private patients to hospital diagnostics.
Waiting lists for diagnostics and outpatients at some hospitals stills stretch from months into years. Attempts to remove the distinction between public and private patients on these lists is meaningless when there is still poor access to care.
Nearly everyone on public hospital waiting lists, whether for diagnostics, an outpatient appointment or inpatient care, is a public patient. Private patients are not gloing to languish on a public list if they can pay for quicker care elsewhere.
The 'perverse incentive' system , whereby private medicine will thrive as long as public care is inferior in terms of access, is continuing.
Also, the new consultant contract has yet to implement an effective system that will control excessive levels of private practice in public hospitals by a minority of consultants.
All these inequities in our healthcare system may or may not be sorted out by universal health insurance plans from a Fine Gael/Labour Government. They may even say, after March 9, that "the financial situation is worse then we thought" and then long-finger their reform plans.
However, doing nothing is not an option, as Mary Harney used to say, usually before she did something that didn't change anything very miuch.
But if the next Government does nothing else it will be thanked by many for finally tackling the sometimes excessive earnings of doctors.
James Reilly's promise that the days of consultants earning €180,000 or more in public pay and a further €300,000 or more in private practice pay will end when it is in Government will strike a chord with people who might not necessarily be rabid blueshirts.
Many would also feel the good doctor could also do something too about a system that allows hospital doctors who are effectively trainees, although admittedly they are unfairly lumped with too much service work, to be paid six-figure sums.
You do not need to be seething lefty Provo to believe that such a system is wrong, especially in the current economic meltdown.
It should go without saying, but it often doesn't, that our medical personnel are of a high standard and work very hard. A cynic would say this should be axiomatic given the amount they are paid, which is higher than the rates in most other developed countries.
But that's probably being a bit too cynical. Medicine is a tough job deserving a fair rate for the work done - it's a question of what Government and society should determine to be a fair rate.
And like many others, doctors have had pay cuts recently. But then again, everything is relative. A newly-redundant construction worker about to emigrate will shed few tears for a professional having his or her six-figure income cut by 10% - 15%.
To be fair to the medical community, it has not shown the same untrammelled economy-damaging avarice that continued among members of some other professions even after the recession set in.
However, most reasonable people nowadays would agree that a consultant getting paid €500,000 or more for public and private work is unjustified, a 26-year old trainee GP getting €80,000 a year is unjustified; a hospital trainee potentialy earning more than his consultant boss does from his public salary is also unjustified.
Surely such payouts are no longer sustainable in view of the state of our public finances and the rising costs of private insurance.
Questions must be asked too about the taxpayers' return on this investment. Surely we can get a better service, and a better system, without having to pay some people working in it quite so much.
You could argue too, in terms of moving to a more socially cohesive and equitable health service, with a proper sense of public ownership and staff buy-in, that we need a more level playing field in terms of earnings.
And excessive earnings for some doctors can potentially have detrimental effects too on manpower planning and unmet needs in healthcare.
Take, for example a doctor in his or her late 20s who has enjoyed a very generous salary while still in training. How enthusiastic is he or she going to be about the prospect of earning a more modest sum initially in, for example, an deprived inner-city general practice, or a rural hospital post with little opportunity for private practice, once they are fully qualified?
There is considerable anecdotal evidence that some senior GPs simply cannot meet the salary expectations of recenty-qualified GPs they might want to take on in their practices, so accustomed have some trainees become to high earnings.
Despite all the political promises, we have still not moved away from a health system that in many respects suits those working in it more than those using it.
The bottom line is that in order for the public to take true ownership of the health service it pays for, it is anomalous to have some within it earning the pay of high court judges, the Irish Taoiseach, the US President or even Irish bankers.
The country, the economy, society and the health service can no longer afford it.
Discussions on this topic are now closed.
Coming Soon
Leila
In the forgotten margins of the segregated communities of a dystopian future, a woman searches for the daughter she lost upon her arrest years ago.
Osmosis
In Paris of the near future, a dating app matches singles with their soul mates by mining their brain data. But decoding true love comes at a price.
Baahubali: Before the Beginning
Based on Anand Neelakantan's book, this prequel series to India's epic fantasy franchise traces the dramatic rise of Queen Sivagami and her empire.
Edoardo Ferrario: Temi Caldi
Italian comedian Edoardo Ferrario riffs on life at 30 and unpacks the peculiarities of global travel, social media and people who like craft beer.
ReMastered: The Miami Showband Massacre
Ambushed by Ulster loyalists, three members of the Miami Showband were killed in Northern Ireland in 1975. Was the crime linked to the government?
Beats
An agoraphobic hip-hop prodigy and a disgraced former music manager cross paths in Chicago's South Side and help each other face demons of their pasts.
Chambers
Consumed by the mystery surrounding the donor heart that saved her life, a young patient starts taking on sinister characteristics of the deceased.
After Life
Struggling to come to terms with his wife's death, a writer for a newspaper adopts a gruff new persona in an effort to push away those trying to help.
Abstract
This position paper describes the need for, make-up of, and "rules of the game" for a benchmark suite of Haskell programs. (It does not include results from running the suite.) Those of us working on the Glasgow Haskell compiler hope this suite will encourage sound, quantitative assessment of lazy functional programming systems. This version of this paper reflects the state of play at the initial pre-release of the suite. 1 Towards lazy functional benchmarking 1.1 History of benchmarking---functional The quantitative measurement of systems for lazy functional programming is a near-scandalous subject. Dancing behind a thin veil of disclaimers, researchers in the field can still be found quoting "nfibs/sec" (or something equally egregious) , as if this refers to anything remotely interesting. The April, 1989, Computer Journal special issue on lazy functional programming is a not-too-dated self-portrait of the community that promotes computing in this way. It is one that non-specialists...
Golden State Warriors general manager Bob Myers does not have a timetable for Steve Kerr's status to rejoining the team on the sidelines. (1:56)
OAKLAND, Calif. -- Golden State Warriors general manager Bob Myers says Steve Kerr hasn't been ruled out for a postseason return, but the organization still doesn't know if Kerr will coach the team in the NBA Finals.
"He's doing everything but coaching. But at this point, he's not able to coach," Myers said. "I wish that I that could say that he was. I'm sure he wishes he could as well, but that's where we are. If something changes and he feels better, I'll sit here, or better, he would sit here and tell you. But right now, I can't say that he's going to be coaching."
Myers addressed the media after practice on Thursday. The Warriors have home court for the Finals, which begin June 1.
Steve Kerr's status for the NBA Finals remains unclear, according to Warriors general manager Bob Myers. Ezra Shaw/Getty Images
There is no deadline for Kerr. The Warriors are giving him all the necessary time needed in order to make a full recovery. Myers hopes his coach will soon take his rightful place along the sideline, but he understands the battle Kerr is going through.
"Let's cross that unbelievably good bridge if it comes," Myers said. "I don't know if it's coming. I know I want it to come. We'll see."
Acting head coach Mike Brown says his role and approach hasn't changed.
"The way I continue to look at it is I'm the coach until they tell me otherwise," he said. "But no matter what, Steve is going to always be involved in all aspects of our preparation and even during the course of the next round."
Three weeks ago, Kerr underwent a procedure at Duke University to repair a spinal cord leak that has caused him agonizing migraines and nausea stemming from back surgery from almost two years ago. He took a leave of absence after the first two games of the first-round series against the Portland Trail Blazers.
Kerr, at times, has felt better but there still remains a level of discomfort.
Myers said even if Brown continued on as the acting head coach into Game 1 of the NBA Finals, that wouldn't necessarily spell an end to a Kerr return during the series.
"I think anything's an option," he said. "This is unusual and I understand that. I want to know the answer to that too. But, some of this is nuance. This is not clear and concise. It's a lot of gray area. It has been, even though Mike has won all of these games. There's no right or wrong way to handle this short of looking in his eyes, [asking] how you're feeling, how do you feel about doing it. We talk amongst ourselves, but I hope we have that chance to make that determination and that means he's feeling better."
Over the past three weeks, Kerr has been an active participant at practices, meetings, game planning and recently traveled with the team to San Antonio during the Western Conference finals.
Myers said Kerr's "presence is very powerful in many ways."
"Even though he's not out there on the bench, you can't measure the impact of everything else," he said. "Some people in life, you know when they're in the room and when they're not. Some people in life, you don't even know if they're there or not. You know when Steve Kerr walks in the room. He has that [presence]."
Golden State awaits the winner of the Eastern Conference finals between the Boston Celtics and the Cleveland Cavaliers. Regardless of who wins that series, it's an immense accomplishment that the Warriors are headed to the final round for the third consecutive year.
But this time around, the feeling isn't quite the same.
"To have to sit here and say that the man that's hugely responsible for us being in the Finals for three years in a row, in a moment he should be treasuring, can't do it. It's painful, and I know it's painful to him more than anybody," Myers said.
"... Somebody asked me is going to the Finals three times muted because of what's going on. Of course it is. This should be great. It should be unbelievable. And we are excited, we are proud, but our head coach can't coach. It's not an excuse. It's just a fact and that sucks. But we deal with it."
Whether Kerr is able to rejoin the team on the sidelines or not, Myers says his coach is in a better place when he's around the team.
"This is his sanctuary," Myers said. "Even though he's suffering, being at home or being removed is actually harder because this is his joy. Even though it's a muted joy right now, this is the best thing he feels. This is his fulfillment."
But as an engineer and product person, the Echo really whets my appetite because you can build apps for it. Well, they're called “Skills”.
Amazon have quietly been building a solid library of third-party skills. There's now over 200 including new additions from Uber, Spotify and Dominos. And they're clearly taking their new ecosystem seriously: on the developer/platform side there's a new VP and a $100m Alexa Fund. On the consumer side there's, well, a superbowl ad.
So to learn more, I built a Skill.
Here are some observations from my experience:
Getting Started
Building voice interfaces is no easy task, let alone a framework for arbitrary commands for third-party apps — but the Alexa Skills Kit (as the programing interface is called) is an impressive bit of software.
As a developer you specify the ‘intents' your Skill supports (think of these like controllers in an Rails app or Activities in an Android app), then specify the various phrases people might use to invoke that intent. You also specify any variables that you expect as part of the incantation. These can be standard types (dates, numbers, places), enums you specify, or arbitrary literals (not recommended, but sometimes necessary). Your code then gets passed clean structured data to act upon.
This programming model is flexible enough to make most things possible, but there are a few limitations. It'd be great to have a programmatic way of updating enum of custom slot types — either via an API or have the Skills Kit read and cache the values from JSON served at a URL. It'd also like to see an expanded list of built-in types: it currently only support US cities, for example.
These nits aside, it's clear a lot of work has gone into the ASK, and it's super-easy to build pretty complex voice-driven interfaces really quickly.
Needs better support for asynchronous tasks
Not everything happens in an instant. Today, when you ask Alexa something, she can only reply with one block of speech. This works great if the Skill you're interacting with has the answers ready in an instant, but that's not always the case.
Imagine your Skill calls an API which takes 5 seconds to respond — not all that uncommon for complex operations. There'll be an awkward 5-second pause after you pose the question before you hear a response. Granted, you know something's happening as the Echo's blue lights pulse in the meantime. But it'd be a much better experience if Alexa offered Skills the ability to respond immediately with something like “OK, let me look that up for you”, and then a few seconds later with the actual response.
A great use case is a hypothetical Lyft app. When you order a ride, it might take 10–60 seconds for real drivers in the real world to accept the job. In Lyft's app, this latency is satisfied with a spinner. But to make this experience work on the Echo, a Skill needs to be able to reply instantly (“OK, let me get you a ride”), then keep you updated (“I'm still trying to connect you with a driver…”), before letting you know: “I got you a ride. Your car will arrive in 4 minutes”. That experience is not possible today and it desperately needs to be to enable a whole class of semi-asynchronous or long-running Skills.
Notifications Notification Notifications
Today, Alexa can only respond to commands you utter. There's no way the Echo can notify you that something happened — you always have to ask. But events and alerts are critical agents in some of the most useful experiences.
Take that Lyft example again — wouldn't it be useful if Alexa could tell you when your ride was one minute away? What if Alexa could let you know that the pizza you ordered had been dispatched, or for that matter, remind you that your latest Amazon order would be delivered sometime this afternoon? None of that's possible today.
Now, I can totally understand why this isn't in for the v1 — tasteful notifications are hard to get right — but the issues are all solvable. Access to notifications needs to be tightly controlled to prevent abuse, but Amazon already has a certification scheme in place for Skills. It'd also make sense to have a low per-Skill quota to prevent over-use. As a user, I'd also want to be able to set do-not-disturb periods to prevent interruptions.
I really hope the folks at Amazon are actively working on notifications right now. They'd dramatically expand the universe of what's possible.
Access to long-form & streaming audio
Right now, Skills are able to play short (<30 sec) audio clips. This is really designed for audio branding — perhaps a sound trademark. But I can imagine whole classes of experiences that become possible if Skills are able to access live audio streams or play long files.
For example, I'd love to be able to ask Alexa to start streaming the sound from our baby monitor when we put our daughter to sleep. I'd love people to build Skills which access long-form audio content beyond podcasts — for example LBC's back catalogue of programming stretching back nearly 10 years.
The built-in apps (TuneIn, Spotify, Pandora, Audible etc) are all able to play >30 sec audio files, and connect to live audio streams. It'd be great to see the same abilities made available to third-party Skills too.
Multiroom
Perhaps this is the ultimate first-world problem: I'd like my ambient voice-activated virtual assistant to be in every room of my home. Yes, I know, I'm lucky enough to have a home with enough distance between rooms so as to not be heard properly between them — let alone lucky enough to have an ambient voice-activated virtual assistant. But I've begun to expect — no, rely — on Alexa's presence, so that I'm confused when I walk in to the bedroom and can't verbally add diapers to our shopping list.
First, it'd be great if, in a multiple-Echo home, Alexa were smart enough that only the nearest device responded — like the Echo's beam-forming mic on steroids. Though we only have one Echo, that's probably not the case today.
It'd be even better if multiple Echos could work together. I'd love to be able to say, from the kitchen: “Alexa, play a lullaby in the Nursery”. Yes, I'm that good a dad.
A more natural invocation model for third-party Skills
While built-in apps like Amazon's own or Pandora can be invoked with natural phrases like “Alexa, is it going to rain today?”, or “Alexa, play some Gregory Porter”, third-party Skills have a more rigid invocation format:
Alexa, ask Tube Status if there are any delays
Alexa, ask Automatic where my car is
Alexa, ask TV Shows when is American Idol on?
Alexa, ask|tell|open {skill name} to|for|about|if|whether {some command}
This results in some pretty awkward sentences, and the formal structure interrupts the illusion that you're talking to a truly smart assistant. To really make Skills shine, Alexa needs to be clever enough to figure out what you're asking, and delegate to the right Skill. The commands above should be as simple as:
Alexa, are there any delays on the Tube?
Alexa, where's my car?
Alexa, when is American Idol on?
Now, again, I totally get why this is the state today — the formal structure makes it much easier for Alexa's brain to invoke the right Skill and pass your command to it in a structured way. But we're shooting for amazing here — and being able to invoke Skills using natural language and arbitrary sentence structure is critical to the illusion Alexa purveys.
Audio Out
The Echo is a really great little speaker — at least as good as the other Bluetooth speakers in its price range, and they just stream Bluetooth audio. But it's not Hi-Fi. For me, the Echo is missing a line out jack that I can wire into a proper set of speakers to play back the streaming audio.
Of course, I could still use a laptop/phone/AirPlay to stream Spotify to my Hi-Fi but it's testament to how awesome Alexa's interaction model is that I want to use the Echo to control everything. Given that the current hardware doesn't have an audio jack, a quick fix would be to let Alexa control another Spotify client — kind of like Spotify Connect in reverse. Or I could hack it —
When US President Obama announced revised regulations on reducing carbon dioxide emissions from US power plants on August 3, 2015 in a laudable speech supporting the new rules, as he predicted opponents of US climate change policy strongly attacked the new rules on grounds that they would wreck the US economy, destroy jobs, and raise electricity prices. Although President Obama defended the new rules on the basis that they were necessary to prevent dangerous climate change, that time was running out to do so, and that the rules would protect human health of US citizens, the speech failed to develop some of the obvious profound implications for climate policy of the conclusion that climate change is a moral problem, although President Obama did assert twice in the speech that climate change is a moral problem.
Although the Obama speech has rightly been praised by those who believe the US must take strong action on climate change, his speech did not acknowledge that:
US ghg emissions are harming and seriously threatening hundreds of millions of people outside the United States. There was no mention in the speech how US ghg emissions were harming others around the world.
Those who are most vulnerable to climate change have done almost nothing to cause the existing threats to them.
Those who are most vulnerable to climate change can do little to protect themselves, their best hope is that high emitting nations, sub-national governments, organizations, entities, and individuals will respond to their moral responsibilities to reduce the threat of climate change.
If climate change is a moral problem, the US may not base its climate change policies on US interests alone, it must respond to its obligations to not harm others outside the United States. Therefore costs to the US economy alone may not be used to justify failure to reduce US ghg emissions.
The United States must reduce its ghg emissions to its fair share of safe global emissions, a fact which leads to the conclusion that the new rules for power plants are still not stringent enough in light of the fact that the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has determined that developed countries must reduce their ghg emissions by a minimum of 25% to 40% by 2020 to prevent dangerous climate change and the new rule will only achieve 32% reduction by 2030 coupled with the added fact that any reasonable interpretation of what equity requires of the United States would require the US to be closer to the 40% reduction by 2020 and surely reduce US ghg emissions well in excess of 40% by 2030.
One of the reasons the world is now running out of time to prevent dangerous climate change is because fossil fuel companies and their allies in the US Congress has prevented the United States from taking serious action on climate change since 1992 when the George H. W Bush administration agreed in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change that the United States should adopt policies and measures to prevent dangerous anthropocentric interference on climate change on the basis of equity and common but differentiated responsibilities. Thus the United States, more than any other developed country, has been responsible for the disastrous 30 year delay in formulating a serious global response to climate change, while delays make the problem harder and more expensive to solve and increase the likelihood of triggering dangerous climate change.
The United States is more responsible for raising atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gas concentrations to 400 ppm CO2 equivalent in the atmosphere than any country and has among the highest per capita ghg emissions as any country in the world.
The climate change opposition in the United States has successfully prevented the United States from adopting policies that would have significantly reduced US emissions on the basis of scientific uncertainty despite the fact that the United States agreed in the 1992 United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change to not use scientific uncertainty as an excuse for not reducing its ghg emissions to safe levels.
Those nations who have consistently emitted ghgs above their fair share of safe global ghg emissions are responsible for the reasonable adaptation costs and damages of poor nations and people who have not caused climate change.These responsibilities are required both by basic ethics and justice and international law. These financial obligations will far exceed hundreds of billions of dollars per year.
By
Donald A Brown
Scholar In Residence and Professor
Widener Commonwealth University Law School
dabrown57@gmail.com
Advertisements
A coalition of American Muslim groups is demanding that Sen. John McCain stop using the adjective “Islamic” to describe terrorists and extremist enemies of the United States.
Muneer Fareed, who heads the Islamic Society of North America (ISNA), told The Washington Times that his group is beginning a campaign to persuade Mr. McCain to rephrase his descriptions of the enemy.
“We've tried to contact his office, contact his spokesperson to have them rethink word usage that is more acceptable to the Muslim community,” Mr. Fareed said. “If it's not our intent to paint everyone with the same brush, then certainly we should think seriously about just characterizing them as criminals, because that is what they are.”
An aide to Mr. McCain, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee who is counting on his pro-Iraq war stance to attract conservative voters, said the senator from Arizona will not drop the word.
Steve Schmidt, a former Bush White House aide who is now a McCain media strategist, told The Times that the use of the word is appropriate and that the candidate will continue to define the enemy that way.
“Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda represent a perverted strain of Islam at odds with the great many peaceful Muslims who practice their great faith peacefully,” Mr. Schmidt said. “But the reality is, the hateful ideology which underpins bin Ladenism is properly described as radical Islamic extremism. Senator McCain refers to it that way because that is what it is.”
Mr. McCain often uses the term “Islamic” to describe terrorist enemies. The two remaining Democrats in the presidential field, Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois and Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York, generally shun such word usage.
President Bush also avoids the term, prompting criticism from some conservative pundits, who say the White-House-coined phrase “war on terror” does not sufficiently identify the enemy. Mr. Bush used the term “Islamic fascists” several times in 2006 and was criticized by Muslims.
Mr. McCain, an ex-Navy fighter pilot and leading hawk on the Iraq war, regularly uses the term “Islamic” in major foreign-policy speeches and in news conferences.
In a speech last month to the Los Angeles World Affairs Council, Mr. McCain said the formation of an international coalition “will strengthen us to confront the transcendent challenge of our time: the threat of radical Islamic terrorism.”
In a Republican debate in January, Mr. McCain turned to then-rival Mitt Romney and said, “I raised it many times, as to whether you have the experience and the judgment to lead this country in the war against radical Islamic extremism.”
In a July speech to Christians United for Israel, Mr. McCain said, “Violent Islamic extremists would have us believe that there is only one acceptable religious practice, and that those who diverge from it are not entitled to life or liberty. They are wrong; very, very wrong.”
Mr. Fareed, who is ISNA's secretary-general, said such usages are wrong.
“My own take on this is that we tried and failed to stylize this particular onslaught against the United States as one that has religious connotations and regional connotations,” said Mr. Fareed, a former associate professor of Islamic studies at Wayne State University.
“I think this is just criminality, fair and square. We should just call them criminals. You want to call them terrorist criminals, fine,” he said. “But adding the word ‘Muslim' or ‘Islamic' certainly doesn't help our cause as Americans. It's counterproductive. It paints an entire community of believers, 1.2 billion in total, in a very negative way. And certainly that's not something that we want to do.”
ISNA promotes itself as a voice of moderation that seeks Muslim-Jewish reconciliation and campaigns against what it calls “Islamophobia.”
The publication Jewish Week, in an April 2 article, quoted a rabbi as praising ISNA for reaching out to the Jewish community in the United States. “They feel strongly it is time to move forward,” the rabbi said.
Some counterterrorism specialists criticize ISNA for failing to condemn terrorist attacks on Israel.
Steven Emerson, who directs the Investigative Project on Terrorism, recently wrote that the silence of ISNA and other Muslim groups after Hamas killed eight Israeli students “shows their unwillingness to condemn the terrorist act and its glorification.”
Michael Ledeen, a terrorism analyst at the American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy Research, backed Mr. McCain's definition of the enemy.
“Islamic terrorism is purely descriptive,” he said. “It doesn't group the enemy under the Islamic brush stroke because there are plenty of terrorists and extremists who are not Islamic. So it's just a way of specifying who they are.”
Of ISNA's criticism, Mr. Ledeen said, “They're just silly. What a silly thing to say. I talk of Marxist extremists and nationalist extremists. They just don't want people to say there are Islamic terrorists, which there are. Too bad.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
U.S. homebuilders should be feeling pretty good about their business, given the nation's severe shortage of homes for sale, but a sharp spike in the cost of lumber is weighing heavy on their bottom lines.
A monthly index of homebuilder confidence in the single-family market fell 2 points in July to 64 from a downwardly revised June reading. Economists had expected a reading of 68. Anything above 50 is considered positive, but this is the lowest reading on the National Association of Home Builders/Wells Fargo Housing Market Index since November — before the presidential election.
"Our members are telling us they are growing increasingly concerned over rising material prices, particularly lumber," said NAHB Chairman Granger MacDonald, a homebuilder and developer from Kerrville, Texas. "This is hurting housing affordability even as consumer interest in the new-home market remains strong."
Builders were initially euphoric following the November election of President Donald Trump, hoping the new administration would lift some of the heavy regulations that now account for about a quarter of the cost of putting up a new home. Builder confidence jumped 6 points from November to December (63 to 69) and then jumped again to 71 in March, following the administration's repeal of certain environmental regulations specifically involving water.
Now, new tariffs on Canadian lumber of up to 24 percent announced by the Trump administration in May, as well as the expectation of additional tariffs on other homebuilding materials imported from overseas, are overtaking the benefits of deregulation. The cost of framing lumber has spiked in recent months and continues to rise today, which only exacerbates already rising prices for land and skilled labor.
"Builders will need to manage some increasing supply-side costs to keep home prices competitive," said NAHB Chief Economist Robert Dietz.
The median price of a newly built home sold in May rose to a record $345,800, according to the U.S. Census. Homebuilders claim they are shifting focus to cheaper, starter homes, as demand by first-time buyers rises, but construction costs are simply too high to profit in that segment of the market.
"We juggle it," said Stephen Paul, vice president of homebuilding operations at Maryland-based Mid-Atlantic Builders. "It's a challenge if you sell homes under contract months in advance, because you're exposed to those price increases."
Of the index's three components, current sales conditions fell 2 points to 70 and sales expectations over the next six months dropped 2 points to 73. Buyer traffic lost 1 point to 48, the only component in negative territory.
Regionally, on a three-month moving average, builder confidence in the Northeast rose 1 point to 47. The West and Midwest each fell 1 point to 75 and 66, respectively. Sentiment in the South dropped 3 points to 67.
Leanplum, a mobile marketing platform and Segment partner, released a new data science report, “Personalize or Bust: The Impact on App Engagement.” We analyzed 1.5 billion push notifications. The big finding? Personalization increases open rates by up to 800 percent! That's pretty huge.
Personalization, we found, improved nearly all aspects of the funnel. According to the analysis, push notifications triggered by individual user behaviors produce nine times the open rate of blasts sent immediately.
But first, let's backtrack a little. Here's how we got that data.
How we approached the analysis
We looked at 1.5 billion push notifications, sent from apps to users around the world. These included massive apps with millions of Monthly Active Users (MAU) and smaller apps still building steam. Data covered the course of January 2015 to March 2016, or about 455 days.
For every metric, we examined the average open rate and the median time to open for the following four categories:
Mobile platform Personalized content Delivery type Geographic region
With this, we wanted to determine why users returned to an app, the time spanin which they re-engaged, and how message relevance affected opens. In other words, how does personalization impact app engagement?
For this blog post, we'll zoom in on the effect of push notification delivery typeon open rates. To learn more about Android versus iOS, personalization content, or location, check out the full report.
The effect of delivery types on open rates
Let's begin by breaking down delivery types. There are five ways app managers can push notifications to their users.
Immediate: Launch messages right away, to selected users at once.
Scheduled Blast: Send messages to selected users at a predetermined future time.
Scheduled by Time Zone: Program messages to arrive at the same time in every user's local time zone. For instance, every user would receive the message at 8pm their time.
Optimal Time: Use a machine learning algorithm that analyzes individual app usage patterns to automatically send messages at a time in the day when users are most likely to open.
Behavior-Based: Deliver messages in response to specific behaviors. For example, if a user adds an item to their mobile shopping cart, a behavior-based push reminds them to check out.
To keep it simple, let's parse out how these delivery types perform in sections. First, let's review how push notifications scheduled to go out at a future time compare to one another. Below, we've laid out the engagement rates for messages sent via scheduled blast, scheduled by time zone, and Optimal Time.
The takeaway: Optimal Time sees the highest success rates. Optimal Time accounts for users' individual engagement patterns, sending push notifications when users are prone to open the app. The intelligence of the algorithm contributes to much higher open rates.
In another report, we learned that users around the world engage with push notifications at different times of day. Even if marketers schedule by time zone, sending at 8pm for example may result in great open rates in North America. But due to cultural differences, users in other regions might prefer to engage earlier in the day.
While some brands may think that localizing by time zone is sufficient, data shows that users respond to even greater levels of personalization. Every person is unique. Apps must leverage tools that recognize and respond to individual engagement patterns.
Next, let's look at how behavior-based deliveries. What are behavior-based deliveries, exactly?
Behavior-based deliveries are messages sent in response to user actions. Here, we've laid out three sample push notifications sent via behavior-based deliveries. You can see that a travel app may message a frequent flier about hotel deals in response to a booked flight. A music app may send a listener an alert that the artist they recently listened to released a new album. A retail app may send a shopper a notification that the item they viewed last week is now on sale.
Here's how behavior-based deliveries perform side-by-side with immediate sends.
What we found:
The takeaway: of the five delivery types, brands were less likely to send messages via immediate and behavior-based methods. Both of these categories had under 100MM pushes sent. Yet behavior-based notifications, triggered by unique user actions, saw astounding engagement.
In fact, behavior-based push results in open rates 800 percent higher than immediate blasts. Personalizing a message based on individual actions garners much more engagement.
What this means for mobile apps
Starting a one-on-one conversation that recognizes and responds to individual behaviors is invaluable in mobile marketing. After all, mobile is the most personal device people own. Your communications should reflect that.
To get access to the full report, download “Personalize or Bust” today. If your team is looking for a mobile marketing solution, Segment makes it easy to set up Leanplum. Leanplum combines industry-leading solutions for Messaging, Automation, App Editing, Personalization, A/B Testing, and Analytics. We'd love to chat about how we can help you reach your mobile goals. With Segment, you'll be able to get started in a jif.
You'd be forgiven for thinking that Google has searched all sewn up, but that's not necessarily the case in Albanian-speaking countries. Or so says Mergim Cahani, co-founder and CEO of local search startup Gjirafa.
Not only has his company developed an Albanian search engine, which overcomes some of the complexities and uniqueness of the Albanian language, but it's also tackling the region's search engine chicken and egg problem: much of the information that users typically search for doesn't yet exist online.
To solve this problem, Cahani and his team are literally going out and capturing a plethora of information that exists solely offline and moving it online. To begin with, that's meant digitising fragmented and disparate bus timetables, but Gjirafa's longer term and more ambitious plan is to digitise the whole country, including creating a Yelp-style database of local businesses and venues — the majority of which currently have zero presence online.
Or another way to think of the startup's mission is akin to what Google is doing with Street View, periodically sending its Street View cars out to photograph and capture location imagery. But in Gjirafa's case, the data it's capturing is things that those of us who live in more developed internet economies take for granted.
To help with that mission, the startup has picked up a $2 million Series A round led by San Francisco and Prague-based Rockaway Capital. The new funding is to be put to use “growing the Balkans' internet economy” by digitising and indexing information in Albania and Kosovo, and in turn aims to make Gjirafa the regional leader in search, e-commerce, and online advertising.
Noteworthy is that the startup's existing investors include U.S. angel investor Esther Dyson, Credo Ventures Partner Ondrej Bartos (Disclaimer: Credo Ventures led the round in my now defunct startup), and Roland Berger Managing Partner Philip Staehelin.
Dallas' streets are far safer when they're covered in ice and snow; at least then you're stuck at home or inching along the slick concrete. But now, after two weeks pockmarked by three winter storms, Dallas' streets are close to untraversable unless you're behind the wheel of a Lunar Roving Vehicle. Ask anyone who's been out and about -- like, oh, Advocate Media president Rick Warme, who would love to tell you the tale of the world-class pothole on Mockingbird near Skillman that only cost him $197 . I now use potholes when I give directions: Take a left at that ditch in the middle of Lemmon, then a right on what used to be Inwood.Dallas City Hall insists it's on the pothole problem. Jerry Ortega, assistant director of Dallas' Streets Services Department, says his crews are going to work 12-hour shifts every day between now and March 14 to get the worst ones. It's not easy, not yet: Monday's rain is worsening conditions and hampering repair efforts.As a result of the rain, he says, his guys are using cold-mix asphalt, which is only good for temporary repairs. But when the sun comes out tomorrow, he says, they'll go with the hot-mix asphalt."The cold mix has basically a very short life," he says, "while the hot mix becomes part of the asphalt."Street Services divides the city into four "districts," and Ortega says beginning tomorrow four patch trucks will patrol each one -- with two heading north to south and two others heading south to north. They will respond to calls as they come in. And they're coming in. All. The. Time."We're divided the work this way for efficiency's sake," says Ortega, "and to send a message to the residents that we're covering it. We're seeing that spike. Calls are coming in. That's why we had them work Saturday. Our emergency crews kept going, and it will be 12-hour days between now and the 14th, and we'll keep going until the number of pothole calls starts going down."Not sure that'll ever happen: As we determined in February 2014, Dallas' streets are $900 million worth of pitiful. The winter weather only served to up that price tag. Says Ortega, he's about to go back to the city council with a plan of attack. Until then, be careful. Either you're dodging a pothole or dodging someone else who's dodging a pothole. No doubt each of us can name a dozen major streets that are about to swallow you whole. Maybe we oughta do that in the comments."The older the neighborhood, the more vulnerable they are to pothole generation," says Ortega. We're members of the Pothole Generation."They have more cracks, and the life expectancy of the material beneath is getting older and looser as it has more water contact," he says. "That's a good rule of thumb: The older the street, the more vulnerable it becomes. You don't get every pothole in time. But we strive to do so."In other words: Look out.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDIANAPOLIS (March 2, 2015) – FOX59 has new information regarding an Indianapolis Amber Alert case that started Monday and spanned two states.
Both teens are safe after they were forcibly abducted by three gunmen at 3 a.m. in the 1200 block of North LaSalle Street.
The teens are brother and sister. Aaron Blackwell is 16 years old and Emma Blackwell is 13 years old.
Police confirmed just after 8 p.m. Monday that Aaron was located after a high-speed chase in Detroit. No injuries were reported.
Emma was located early Tuesday morning and dropped off at her home. FOX2 in Detroit, Mich., reports that three people are now in custody.
A man who identified himself as the father of the teenagers cooperated with police. On Monday afternoon he spoke with members of the media at the family home on LaSalle Street, pleading for the safe return of his children.
"I just want my babies back," said Issac Pernell.
Hours before Michigan State Police extended the Amber Alert, Pernell had a good idea where his kids were.
"Detroit!" he said.
Neighbors say they were devastated to hear that the kids next door were put in danger.
"I have a loss of words. I haven't' seen anything like this happen around here. I have kids, too. I just hope they are safe and come back," said neighbor Carmen Williams.
"They don't do anything bad, they just sit outside like normal kids and hang out. The little girl gardens and you see her outside taking care of the house," said neighbor Araceli Alvarado.
"I find it horrible. I don't get why anyone would go to the depths of doing that," said neighbor James Betker.
FOX59 reached out to police early this morning about the incident. Police initially stated the incident was a prank.
"I don't know why it was believed to be a false alarm initially. However, as investigators followed up with the mother they determined it was probably in fact true," said Lt. Richard Riddle with the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department.
Investigators do not believe this was a random act. Sources tell FOX59's Russ McQuaid that this all started when the teens' older sister stole cash and/or drugs from a drug dealer in Detroit and fled to Indianapolis.
Anyone with information should call the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department at 1-888-58AMBER or 1-888-582-6237.
Life is a journey of discovery, according to the rustic hand-painted mass-produced wooden signs in the antique store I walked past yesterday. So it proved to be, for as I later wandered aimlessly through the wild internets, I made a fortuitous and fortunate query:
I don't know what providential force brought the name of Niedenfuer to my fingertips; the world works in mysterious ways. But Niedenfuer I sought, and for my trouble fell upon one imdb page. Surely, I thought to myself, this can only be an appearance in a World Series highlight video or, at best, a quick interview in a hand-taped biopic. Surely one could not expect a film career to rival that of fellow reliever Craig Lefferts. I was lost, I can see now. My heart was full of doubt.
If the fifties were a time of worried cigarette smoking, fallout shelters, and Jailhouse Rock, then one can forgive the current generation their One Direction. For the current generation daily breathes in the midichlorians of that benevolent force, the Internet. And today the Internet earned that capital I, for it presented me – unworthy and lost soul that I am – with the following motion picture event. I share it with you, a humble and converted prophet, a fisher of men. I share with you: Casey at the Bat.
http://www.imdb.com/video/hulu/vi3685287449/
The video linked above is presented by Hulu and is an hour long. You will want to clear some time in your schedule to accommodate it, and then watch it posthaste. But if you, too, are plagued with doubt, please read past the cut and allow me to convert you. Soon you will find yourself changed, and your spirit unbound.
“Casey At The Bat” was created in 1986. It includes but is not limited to:
An introduction by Shelly Duvall and her husband dressed as a hotdog vendor
A baseball star played by an aging Elliot Gould
Timely jokes about the existence of less filling “light” beer
Sets!
An indoor set of an outdoor baseball field!
An indoor set of an outdoor baseball field with bases twenty feet apart!
An indoor set of an outdoor baseball field with bases twenty feet apart and a frisbee for home plate!
Tom Niedenfuer hitting and running like Jesus Montero
Bob Uecker and Howard Cosell in the same broadcast booth
Bob Uecker and Howard Cosell wearing plastic pig snouts
Now at last we can begin to understand the steroid era. How else could modern ballplayers face a game that had already been perfected?
Breaking Down the Jay-Z NYT Interview
Picking up the gems carefully dropped by Mr. Carter
Brandon Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 1, 2017
New York Times Magazine Cover
If you haven't watched it yet, Jay-Z sat down with New York Times editor executive editor Dean Baquet to discuss his new album 4:44, his thoughts on racial inequality in the United States, and share nuggets on his personal life in perhaps the best interview of 2017. In the edited 35 minute interview, which was recorded close to two months ago, but just released this week, the rapper/mogul/sports agent turned in perhaps his most candid interview ever. The conversation was also written about by Baquet (and transcribed), which you can read here.
The timing of this interview dropping now made sense, as Jay just recently received 8 Grammy Award nominations, including nominations in the categories for Rap Album of the Year and the elusive Album of the Year. Representing one of the most powerful voices in the world (and the music industry today), Hova is using his platform to once again lay the blueprint for social change.
still taken from The Story of O.J. music video
[On the Story of O.J.]: “It's a nuanced song, you know. It's like, I'm specifically speaking to us. And about who we are and how do you maintain the sense of self while pushing it forward and holding us to have a responsibility for our actions.”
The Story of O.J. is perhaps the most socially and politically charged record on the album, referencing O.J. Simpson and how he turned his back on the African American community and culture once he reached a certain level of fame and wealth. Jay acknowledges that given his status, Simpson could've given back to raise up others to afford them the chances that he was provided, but instead kept to himself, insisting, “I'm not black, I'm O.J.”.
“And for us, like I'm saying, to speak to that the point is, “Don't forget that,” because that's really not the goal. The goal is not to be successful and famous. That's not the goal. The goal is, if you have a specific God-given ability, is to live your life out through that. One. And two, we have a responsibility to push the conversation forward until we're all equal. Till we're all equal in this place. Because until everyone's free, no one's free, and that's just a fact.”
This marks quite an ideological change for Mr. Carter, as he is no longer concerned with the Money, Cash, Hoes, but instead in using your innate talents to build yourself up, then use that platform to raise others up along with you. He is trying to be the anti-OJ Simpson and create a better future for the generation to follow him, including his children.
Chertoff and the TSA; Groping your soul for a dollar
Crony Capitalism
This type of Capitalism, Crony Capitalism, that is destroying America. It is also what no one seems to shed light on when they rail about wanting to destroy Capitalism. they make unsubsrtantiated claims that because it is evil it must be destroyed. So they can replace it with Marxism or Socialism or even Communism, nothing evil about any of those murderous political paths. Capitalism itself is not evil. Cherttoff and his Cronnies are. The Abusers of the Free Markets are the ones that need to be destroyed, not the honest businessman with a great invention or service.
An airport passengers' rights group on Thursday criticized Chertoff's use of his former government credentials to advocate for a product that benefits his clients. “Mr. Chertoff should not be allowed to abuse the trust the public has placed in him as a former public servant to privately gain from the sale of full-body scanners under the pretense that the scanners would have detected this particular type of explosive,” said Kate Hanni, founder of FlyersRights.org, which opposes the use of the scanners. Chertoff's advocacy for the technology dates back to his time in the Bush administration In 2005, Homeland Security ordered the government's first batch of the scanners — five from California-based Rapiscan Systems. Source: http://www.deseretnews.com/
These are the same people that would have ‘State Capitalism‘ aka Communism, over the real FREE MARKET Capitalism anyway. Notice however that as the objections grow over the outright miss-use of this technology that those who subversively fund and ‘arrange things' are dumping their stock in the company that manufactures the ‘Naked Body Scaners'.
Rapiscan is one of only two companies that make full-body scanners in accordance with current contract specifications required by the federal government. Source: http://www.deseretnews.com/
Ramin Izadpanah has been taking photos of snowy owls in and around the Ottawa area every winter since 2012, but this winter he and other wildlife photographers are in for a treat.
An unprecedented number of the mighty birds are migrating south, spurring the International Union for Conservation of Nature to point to climate change as a threat to the snowy owl.
The agency has raised the snowy owl from "least concern" to "vulnerable" on its species "red list."
In the Ottawa area, researchers are hoping to learn about the owl's migration patterns from an electronic transmitter strapped to the back of one particular snowy owl named Hardscrabble.
The invasion of snowy owls from the Arctic to the Ottawa region has made for stunning photos for photographers like Izadpanah, whose work has been featured in National Geographic. He also teaches photography at the Ottawa School of Art.
For the best shot, Izadpanah said he likes to wait for what he calls "golden light" — the warm, sunny glow that paints the earth in the moments just before sunset and after sunrise. He then shoots the birds with a telephoto lens from a safe distance.
Just three weeks ago, Izadpanah said he spotted a male snowy owl from his car in Ottawa South. (He doesn't want to disclose the specific location to avoid others disrupting the animals.)
Thrilling encounters
What excites him during his birding outings is seeing other native birds, such as crows or hawks, harass snowy owls who encroach on their territory.
"They are close, face-to-face. And the crow, [its] wing is totally open and [it's] trying to go at [the owl]," he said.
"That's nature. That's the world of birds."
Below are some of his best shots of snowy owls spotted in the Ottawa area.
(Submitted by Ramin Izadpanah)
(Submitted by Ramin Izadpanah)
Bryan Costabile (Mount Saint Joseph) scored the game-winner and Mikey Wynne (St. Paul's) scored a season-high five goals to lead No. 6 Notre Dame to a 14-13 victory over No. 17 North Carolina in men's lacrosse Saturday.
Costabile scored the winner, his second goal, with less than three minutes left in the game. The host Fighting Irish improved to 7-3, 3-3 Atlantic Coast Conference and the Tar Heels fell to 6-7, 1-3.
Notre Dame led for most of the game, but North Carolina rallied with a 4-0 run that started with 24 seconds left in the third quarter and ended with 10:20 left in the game. The last time the Tar Heels led was 1-0 with 14:12 left in the first quarter.
The Fighting Irish answered with a 3-0 run for a 13-12 lead, but William Perry scored the tying goal for Carolina with 5:56 left.
No. 1 Syracuse 9, Binghamton 8: The host Orange (11-1) went on a 3-0 run in the second half and Evan Molloy (nine saves) made a timely save to protect the lead over the Bearcats (9-4).
Jordan Evans finished with a hat trick and Ben Williams (8-for-20) became Syracuse's all-time faceoff wins record holder with 626.
No. 3 Denver 12, No. 20 Providence 2: Ethan Walker set a single-game freshman school record with eight points on three goals and five assists as the host Pioneers (10-2, 4-0 Big East) beat the Friars (9-5, 3-1).
The victory secured the fourth consecutive regular-season conference title for Denver.
No. 4 Duke 11, Marquette 7: Justin Guterding scored three goals and Danny Fowler made 13 saves to help the visiting Blue Devils (11-3) beat the Golden Eagles (6-6).
No. 5 Albany 13, No. 11 Yale 12: Mitch Laffin capped a 5-0 run by scoring the game-winning goal with less than a minute to go as the host Great Danes (11-2) beat the Bulldogs (8-4). Albany secured the America East regular-season title prior to the win.
No. 10 Hofstra 15, Massachusetts 8: Josh Byrne had five goals and Dylan Alderman had four goals to lead the host Pride (11-1, 3-1 Colonial Athletic Association) past the Minutemen (5-7, 2-2).
The win clinches a playoff spot for Hofstra, who will face No. 15 Towson Saturday and determine home-field advantage in the conference tournament.
Hofstra, Towson and Drexel are all tied for first.
Air Force 9, No. 13 Richmond 7: After falling behind 2-0, the host Falcons (9-5, 5-1 Southern Conference) went on a 6-0 run and never trailed again. The Spiders fell to 10-3, 5-1.
No. 17 Princeton 12, Harvard 9: Gavin McBride scored a career-high seven goals to lead the Tigers (9-4, 4-1 Ivy League) past the visiting Crimson (5-7, 1-4).
No. 18 Villanova 18, St. John's 3: Jack Curran had a game-high eight goals to lead the host Wildcats (8-5, 3-1 Big East) past the Red Storm (1-12, 0-4).
Women
No. 2 Florida 15, Temple 5: Sammi Burgess (McDonogh) scored four goals to help the visiting Gators (14-2, 8-0 Big East) beat the Owls (13-3, 6-2).
Florida will face Georgetown next Saturday and with a win could claim sole possession of the regular-season conference title.
No. 4 North Carolina 19, Duke 7: Molly Hendrick scored a career-high seven goals to help the Tar Heels (13-2, 6-1 ACC) beat the host Blue Devils (8-8, 1-6).
Carolina claimed the regular season title by virtue of its win and No. 8 Syracuse's loss.
No. 7 Princeton 12, No. 11 Cornell 11, 2OT: Olivia Hompe drew the double team and fed Colby Chanenchuk, who scored the game-winner with 3:04 left in the second overtime as the visiting Tigers (11-3, 5-1 Ivy League) beat the Big Red (10-4, 5-1).
Hompe scored the tying goal with three seconds left in regulation to force overtime.
A-LEAGUE leaders Central Coast Mariners kicked off their Asian Champions League campaign with a 0-0 draw against Tianjin Teda in China.
The Mariners, who have yet to win an ACL game after seven attempts, defended stoutly and had some late chances to win the game.
Clear-cut opportunities were at a premium, with both teams only testing the opposing goalkeeper a couple of times.
While Tianjin pushed forward at every opportunity they were generally well contained by a determined Central Coast side, who occasionally threatened on the counter attack but didn't capitalise on their set-piece opportunities.
It was an encouraging start for the Mariners, who have won just one of their past six A-league games.
Central Coast coach Graham Arnold made three changes to the team which drew 1-1 with Sydney last Saturday, bringing in Daniel McBreen, Pedj Bojic and Mustafa Amini for John Sutton, Trent Sainsbury and Tom Rogic.
Young substitutes Rogic and Bernie Ibini added some pep to the Mariners in the second half and each had a chance to win the game.
Rogic had a firm shot saved by Tianjin's goalkeeper while Ibini had a stoppage-time effort blocked by the home team's Australian defender Milan Susak.
The Mariners survived a nervous moment near the end.
The referee waved away a penalty appeal despite replays suggesting Mariners defender Patrick Zwaanswijk caught the man not the ball.
Central Coast goalkeeper Mat Ryan made an important save in each half.
He blocked a 31st minute shot from Chen Tao, who was right through, and caught a chip from Veliche Shumulikoski on the hour.
Central Coast left back Josh Rose had a close range shot from a tight angle blocked by the legs of the home goalkeeper in the 48th minute.
The referee had to briefly hold the game up near halftime after a laser was pointed into the eyes of Ryan.
The result completed a mixed opening ACL round for the three Australian sides, with Adelaide winning 2-1 away to Uzbekistan's Bunyodkor and Brisbane losing 2-0 at home to Japan's FC Tokyo.
In Group G action, Brazilian striker Everton scored the second of his two goals in the 90th minute for South Korean side Seongnam Ilhwa to salvage a 2-2 draw away to Nagoya Grampus in Japan.
Everton gave his team a 1-0 lead two minutes after the break but Australia striker Josh Kennedy levelled for Nagoya from the penalty spot 10 minutes later.
Mu Kanazaki gave the hosts a 2-1 lead in the 73rd minute before Everton's last-gasp equalizer.
Meanwhile, Chinese champion Guangzhou Evergrande opened their campaign with a 5-1 thrashing of 2011 finalist Jeonbuk Motors,
In Thailand, midfielder Jirawat Makkharom scored in the 77th minute as Thai champions Buriram United upset J-League champions Kashiwa Reysol 3-2 in Thailand.
The top two teams in each of the eight groups advance to the round of 16.
Follow @Telegraph_Sport on Twitter and like Telegraph Sport on Facebook
The Justice Department has agreed to pay nearly $140,000 to a Florida man who spent three years in jail while prosecutors concealed evidence that could have set him free.
The Justice Department had conceded in court papers that it is required to compensate Nino Lyons for the time he was wrongly jailed, but it argued the amount should be far lower — $5,000 for each year. Justice Department attorneys dropped their appeal last month, clearing the way for Lyons to be paid the full amount. The department declined to comment.
Lyons, whose case was documented in a 2010 USA TODAY investigation of misconduct by federal prosecutors, was arrested in 2000 on drug and counterfeit merchandise charges. He was found guilty the following year, based mostly on the testimony of convicted felons.
A federal judge threw out the charges in 2004, blasting prosecutors for a "protracted course of misconduct" that "caused extraordinary prejudice to Lyons, exhibited disregard of the Government's duties, and demonstrated contempt for this court."
In 2010, U.S. District Judge Gregory Presnell took the unusual step of declaring that Lyons was actually innocent, partly because "the most damning testimony against Lyons had come from people who had been allowed, if not encouraged, to lie under oath."
Despite being declared innocent, Lyons still faces challenges . "It's tough for him to find work because there is always that sort of cloud hanging over him," his attorney, Robert Berry, said.
It's been several months since there were any updates regarding UNDERCOVER‘s collaboration with Vault by Vans. Fortunately for Jun Takahashi fans the full offering of footwear has finally been unveiled. For Spring 2017 the Japanese label has reworked both the OG Era LX and the OG Old Skool LX silhouettes, the latter of which is arguably the standout silhouette. Arriving in two colorways of grey and bordeaux, the classic low-top boasts tonal color treatments and an all-over floral pattern, an ever-present theme in Takahashi's past collections. The Era on the other hand features a relatively simple text-focused design along the toe box reading “Take me in time, time to the music, Take me away to the twilight zone,” which refers to the English rock band Temple's 2014 single “Shelter Song.” This model is available in colorways of white (not pictured above), black and red. Retailing between $130 USD and $150 USD, you can purchase the UNDERCOVER x Vault by Vans collection at select accounts starting February 4.
Let us know how you think this release compares to Vans's collaboration with NEIGHBORHOOD.
Twitter
The account has since deleted this Tweet.
First it was Breitbart.In August, 2016, Steve Bannon's right-wing site used a photo from the Cavs' championship parade, gleaned from social media, and said it was from a Trump rally in Jacksonville, Fla.The same thing happened last night at a Donald Trump rally in Arizona, the content of which we'll refrain from remarking upon. (Maggie Haberman at thethough, called it "an angry, unbridled and unscripted performance that rivaled the most sulfurous rallies of his presidential campaign.")Twitter users, including the Tennessee Republican party, began tweeting an aerial shot of the parade to validate the strength of Trump's support.The Tennessee GOP account eventually deleted this tweet when their error was publicized, but not before it had been retweeted hundreds of times. Several other accounts, including those that tweeted yet another aerial photo of the Cavs championship parade, have deleted their Tweets "Frankly," wrote the folks at AZcentral.com (the online home of Phoenix's"anyone who is at all familiar with Phoenix should have known better. It's a desert people."Trump's rally, perhaps predictably, became a media bash session. He decried the "very dishonest people" working in journalism and at one point worked the crowd into a "CNN sucks" chant. He and his supporters remain preoccupied with their victimization at the hands of #fakenews.
With Atletico Madrid still alive in the UEFA Champions League, it's only natural that we're going to see stories involving ex-Chelsea player (hooray) Fernando Torres. Today, Torres spoke out about the doubts surrounding his ability when he returned to the Vicente Calderon:
"The doubts were understandable because people do not see the Premier League or the short time I was at Milan, they read the statistics, and they were not the same as always."
Wait, what? The doubts are there because people didn't see you at Chelsea or Milan? I can assure you, Fernando, I saw you at both Chelsea and Milan (far more than I would have liked), and the statistics were probably a bit flattering. You weren't good. You weren't passable. You were awful. Sorry.
He continues:
"The worst part about not playing is when you think that you are ready to do it. You try to get more minutes, taking the chances, but you you end up in a situation where things have not gone well for weeks, or for years."
Again, what? In four full years after leaving Liverpool, you made a combined 182 official appearances for Chelsea and AC Milan, in addition to your international matches and club friendlies. That's an average of over 45 club appearances per season in that span, which is far more time on the pitch than you deserved. There's certainly no reasonable argument to be made that you never had the opportunity to get into rhythm. You did.
"It was like swimming in wet clothes. I know how I am, and I am good. In the end these doubts disappear, but then others come again."
Michael Phelps is cringing after you just described that as swimming, even with the clothes caveat. Try sinking, or drowning.
Look...Fernando Torres seems happy to be back at Atletico Madrid, and I'm genuinely pleased for the guy because of that. I'm not sure I'd be talking about any sort of resurgence following three goals in 14 appearances though (all of which were scored in the Copa del Rey), especially given that both Chelsea and AC Milan fans were extremely supportive while he continued to perform terribly on the pitch.
Then again, I probably shouldn't be commenting about a player that I (thankfully) haven't been watching, as those statistics are surely misleading. He's probably back!
I've been studying and working with Lean for 20 years now and I love Lean because I'm still learning and getting better at this craft. I love seeing other people get excited about Lean when it's new to them, when they see the potential for improvement and the power of Lean.
But, sometimes people get excited about things that aren't really Lean.
One example of something that makes me cringe sometimes is talk about “visuals.” People sometimes point at charts or metrics on the wall and want to celebrate having visuals. Yeah, visuals! It's good to measure performance, but that's not necessarily “visual management.” I've seen some folks who seem to think that charts and metrics are the only type of visual management… but that's not really true.
Let's say there's a sign that instructs patients to remember to bring their insurance card, but it's posted too far into the process to be helpful (as I wrote about here). OK, that's a visual. But it's not visual management. It's nothing to celebrate if it's a poorly designed countermeasure that didn't solve a problem that's part of a bad system.
Or, there's a sign telling staff to be careful and not forget something or not make a certain mistake. Hospitals love putting up signs like this, even before Lean. Yeah, a visual! Is that really worth celebrating? Is that really Lean? Instead of celebrating the visual, a Lean thinker would probably work on improving the system in some way to help prevent errors.
For example, this sign is a “visual” but it's not a good example of error proofing (on some equipment in an anatomic pathology lab):
My friend Jon Miller shares an example of an unhelpful visual and has a great saying:
Labeling and signage alone are about as effective in preventing accidents as fences are in preventing birds from flying over them.
He calls the shower hot water warning a “visual control,” but I'd argue it's just a “visual.” The presence of the sign neither manages nor controls anything!
Hear Mark read this post (learn more and subscribe):
Here's the Key to Visual Management:
To me, the core of visual management is captured in this statement from Fujio Cho, now the honorary chairman of Toyota:
“Know normal from abnormal… right now!”
If the “visual” isn't helping accomplish that goal, it's probably not visual management. Visual management has two parts – the visual (something you see) and the management (the action you take based on the visual). Why do we have to manage the visual abnormality? To get better results.
Here's a variation of that Cho quote from the outstanding new book Management Lessons from Taiichi Ohno: What Every Leader Can Learn from the Man who Invented the Toyota Production System :
So, back to hospital settings, look at this example of what somebody might celebrate as a visual (there are three of them!)
Would somebody actually SEE if the pharmacy machine were being operated without the guards being in place? Would you see this and immediately to be able to manage it? Maybe or probably not. To a Lean thinker, the machine should be error proofed so it cannot be operated with the guards removed.
Factories and hospitals normally have some form of charts and metrics on the wall. That doesn't mean they are practicing Lean and those charts aren't necessarily visual management. If the charts show monthly averages that lag a month or two behind, does that help you see the difference between normal and abnormal right now? Probably not.
As charts and metrics get closer to being real time (daily or hourly metrics), they get closer to being visual management. But, the best visual management gives a visual signal that unmistakable and immediate.
Look at a Toyota plant (or any modern car factory). They have painted lines on the floor of the assembly line that indicate if the job cycle has fallen behind (or is running too far ahead, which might be bad, as well). You can see (on the LEI website) the Lean Lexicon description and illustration of what's called a “Fixed-Position Stop System.” If somebody pulls the andon cord, indicating a problem or a concern, then the line stops if the vehicle gets to the final line that's painted on the ground before the problem is resolved.
The lines can also show if there's certain work that should be completed by the 30-second mark, the visual position of the vehicle can show you there's a problem… the work has fallen behind. It's abnormal. You see it immediately (if you're looking).
Supervisors and the team don't have to wait for some sort of hourly or daily metric to be updated.
In hospitals, leaders are often concerned if hourly rounding is happening as it should. As I wrote about here, a department might keep an hourly check sheet that shows if hourly rounding occurred each hour. That check sheet is a form of visual management, as you can walk by and see if there are missing checkmarks for an hour. But, the check sheet can make it hard to see the difference between normal and abnormal from a distance.
So, we might use clocks like these that show a real-time view of whether or not hourly rounding is occurring.
The clock is a visual. It's only “visual management” if somebody sees the abnormal situation (a white clock face that indicates that it's been more than 60 minutes since rounding, or it's possibly somebody didn't reset the clock). When management reacts (by asking why instead of yelling or blaming), then that's visual management.
5S can be a form of visual management. Let's say we have a taped outline that shows where a rack full of completed blood specimens should be placed. If it's sitting in the wrong place, there's a visual that shows an abnormal condition. Then, what happens? If nothing, then it's not visual management.
In this next scenario, there's a visual (hard to see) that says that spot on the floor is supposed to be the parking spot for the Philps BV 26 Tower. And that label shows it supposed to be kept in E Storage. Could the visual be better, to make abnormal more apparent? Yes, definitely. There could be a big sign with a picture of the machine hanging on the wall above its spot, making it easier to see what's missing or if the wrong thing is parked there.
And, if something's abnormal, who is managing the visual?
When I worked for ValuMetrix Services, as part of Johnson and Johnson, I think we did a good job of explaining visual management in our training for clients. These are slides from 2008.
Visual management has to go beyond a few charts and metrics and a few warning signs. Let's stop celebrating visuals that aren't really solving problems or improving performance.
Instead, follow the guidance of Fujio Cho… how can you make abnormal visible and what are you going to do to manage or correct that situation, in the short-term and the long-term?
What do you think? Do you see a misplaced focus on “visuals” instead of good “visual management?”
Please post a comment and join the discussion. Subscribe to get notified about posts daily or weekly.
Save 50-75% on the Dead Island series as part of this week's Weekend Deal*!Dead Island Riptide takes players to the island of Palanai on the Banoi archipelago, infested with bloodthirsty Zombies and only a few remaining Survivors still fighting for their lives.Introducing new terrifying enemies, deadly weapons, a new playable character and much more, Dead Island Riptide will draw players back into a world that has grown corrupt - with the last rays of hope vanishing in rising tides.With the Dead Island Game of the Year Edition players get the chance to experience the full story behind the Banoi Zombie Outbreak. The GOTY includes Dead Island, Bloodbath Arena DLC, Ryder White DLC, and Blueprint for the "The Ripper" Weapon! Get ready for your return to Dead Island, a paradise to die for!*Offer ends Monday at 10AM Pacific Time
Former Gov. Eliot Spitzer of New York has filed a lawsuit against a Russian woman who accused him of an assault at the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan this year, alleging that he is the subject of an extended and expanding attempt at extortion.
The lawsuit, filed in State Supreme Court in Manhattan on Friday, offers new details about the combative and disastrous relationship between Mr. Spitzer — who resigned in disgrace in 2008 after being linked to a high-end prostitution ring — and Svetlana Andreevna Zakharova, 26, who is also known as Lana Travis.
In February, the police investigated a claim and a 911 call made by Ms. Zakharova that Mr. Spitzer had choked her during a meeting at the Plaza Hotel, but she later recanted before returning to Russia and apologized to Mr. Spitzer via email. No charges were ever filed.
In the lawsuit, Mr. Spitzer's lawyers acknowledged that he had previously agreed to make “certain payments” to Ms. Zakharova to persuade her to not follow through on threats “to reveal publicly and to Mr. Spitzer's family the existence and purported details of their interactions that she thought would embarrass Mr. Spitzer and his children.”
Some weeks ago we gave you 0.5.9, this time some changes has been made to the plugins distributed with LXPanel and thus we put a new version for your feets. Given the translation status in this release a new version is very probably coming out soon as most languages did not get their strings to 100% done.
lxpanel-0.5.10.tar.gz, sha1: 867c1beec136d932e4ef15679691ac4bf50d3b29
Changelog
4d1a2cf – gtk-run: reload menu cache
6bd86e3 – monitors: fix potentially truncated message in translated tooltip
b957082 – fix enabling dynamic width and autohide results in 1 pixel panel
ad987a0 – volumealsa: fix unloading and add restart logic
61910ad – AUTHORS: credit SuxPanel
d40b660 – fix a few compilation warnings
7a08372 – monitors: gettext'ize tooltips
7e6a8c4 – monitors: clean tooltip, and also print memory in MB
c247a33 – monitors: count ‘mem_buffers' towards ‘mem_free'
e0eb2f8 – volumealsa: fix detection of ALSA error
58e8805 – plugins: fix “Invalid read of size 8”
c95393d – configurator: fix file chooser action
206ad65 – monitors: make redraw_pixmap() readable
13d82f2 – plugins: change monitors, thermal, and batt timeouts to my liking 🙂
e25a253 – plugins: Use g_timeout_add_seconds() when possible
ab602c7 – menu,taskbar: minor cleanup
1093a9d – thermal: Use lxpanel error and log facilities
bdecea0 – thermal: Show all sensors in tooltip
b90ba1d – thermal: Use the highest temperature when using automatic sensor location
6877b46 – thermal: prepare for multiple sensors
b7c830a – monitors: Open application when clicked, lxtask by default
7349314 – Update debian directory with current Debian one, without the patches which should be discussed
Like this: Like Loading...
I'm a liberal Democrat, so I'm rather used to the leaders that ostensibly support the things I care about backing down in the face of a fight. It's frustrating as all hell, but you eventually come to expect it, at least politically.
Still, I am fairly new to the wider atheist/skeptical movement, and I'm still getting used to which groups hold the same values that I do. I remember when the Secular Coalition of America (what I call the “other SCA”) hired a Republican lobbyist who basically spent her career up to that point getting people elected that stood against everything the other SCA does to run the organization…and that hasn't turned out horrible.
CFI originally attracted me because I thought that Melody Hensley and Debbie Goddard were pretty damn awesome. Michael De Dora does a really tough job as well, and so do many of the other staffers who work there. In fact, though people will say otherwise, there has been very little blowback against the Center for Inquiry since its CEO, Ron Lindsay, decided to lecture a bunch of feminists on what feminism is and isn't.
That is until they released the result of their discussion on the matter which is…less than stellar.
The mission of the Center for Inquiry is to foster a secular society based on science, reason, freedom of inquiry, and humanist values. The Center for Inquiry, including its CEO, is dedicated to advancing the status of women and promoting women's issues, and this was the motivation for its sponsorship of the two Women in Secularism conferences. The CFI Board wishes to express its unhappiness with the controversy surrounding the recent Women in Secularism Conference 2. CFI believes in respectful debate and dialogue. We appreciate the many insights and varied opinions communicated to us. Going forward, we will endeavor to work with all elements of the secular movement to enhance our common values and strengthen our solidarity as we struggle together for full equality and respect for women around the world.
I'm sorry, but this is a fucking joke. Seriously, what could have possibly been going through the heads of the board of directors when they drafted this? Did they think that it would be accepted?
The fact of the matter is that they are making it perfectly clear that they have no interest in maintaining the confidence of the social justice-minded among the atheist movement. This is a shame since Women in Secularism is a great idea and one that can really do a lot of good for the movement, but not if it seems as if they're doing this to check off a box. I believe that members of the staff are passionate about getting women involved in secularism, but it seems like the leadership sees it as a nuisance.
Greta Christina and Rebecca Watson have both pulled their support from the organization, which probably means very little to those in charge. We've also started to see the emergence of the predictable distortions, such as this signable open letter which reads in part
We are aware that the silencing tactics, accusations, shaming and/or smearing campaigns employed by influential representatives of the Atheism Plus movement – particularly certain bloggers and speakers associated with Skepchick and Freethought Blogs – have included calls to interfere with the careers and personal lives of valuable contributors to the secular/atheist/skeptic movement. We are witnessing an effort to purge supposed undesirables from the movement, based on personal and political agenda. We do not condone this. Some of us have been directly targeted by these tactics, and others of us are afraid to use our real names online, let alone attend conferences, because we fear we may be targeted next. We are aware of a campaign, headed by Amanda Marcotte and others, to remove Ronald A. Lindsay from his position as CEO of the Center for Inquiry. We do not support this effort.
Where? Where has anybody, Amanda Marcotte or otherwise, lead a “campaign” for Ron Lindsay to be fired? Everybody I have read has asked for an apology, either from him or on his behalf. And who is calling to interfere with the careers of people? This is completely made up nonsense, a collection of hyperbolic ghost stories told by anti-feminists to justify their harassment tactics. The point of this letter is just to tell the world that the undersigned don't have any problems with people treating others horribly. They're fine, so why should they give a shit about anybody else?
Basically, this is weapons grade projection.
The thing is, I am entirely unsurprised by this. Seriously, I've already seen how this mythology is built. First the statement comes from CFI that is so ambiguous that it says absolutely nothing but tries to shift blame away from itself and its CEO, then people pretend that there is some horrible campaign to get people fired (that they will refuse to support or support with comments on blogs that go against the things the blogger has said), then it's all about how hateful we A+ers are because we're stifling free inquiry and a false equivalence is made between the right to free speech and the fictional right to be given a platform.
This is an old script. We have new elements (let's see how long it takes the Vacula to get Ron Lindsay on his radio show), but ultimately it's the same thing. Anti-feminists will pretend that they care about free speech so long as you're loud enough to yell over them and embellish the truth because that's how good skeptics win arguments, apparently.
*sigh* At least there's still American Atheists. Dave Muscato and Dave Silverman seem to understand that just because something doesn't make you personally uncomfortable, that doesn't mean you should stand by and let other people be harassed. That's really what this boils down to: CFI has stated clearly that they're good, so what does it benefit them to be concerned with somebody else? That's a sad attitude to have.
Advertisements
WorldNetDaily has a huge news story on their website. A story that will shock the world and once and for all unveil the TRUE President Barack Obama that WND and other right wing media outlets have been warning us about for years.
Are you ready for the truth?
Ace WND reporter Joe Kovacs brings us this breaking exclusive report: demons are chilling with the President!
Is Obama working with some new undead coalition? Is his recent agenda strictly to the benefit the spirits of the night?
After all, according to the article:
Ah, that classic nickname for President Obama that we all know and love.
Come on. Who amongst us hasn't heard of someone call Obama the “Lord of the Flies?”
Still skeptical? WorldNetDaily's got you covered. They spoke with an expert:
So, without further ado, here's a GIF of the demon “racing” in front of Obama. Is it an “other-worldly being” like this video editor believes it might be? Perhaps an unexplainable “glitch” being caused by the demonic rays radiating from Obama himself?
Or maybe, just maybe, it's just a spooky, paranormal device known as a “microphone.”
But, these are just the hard-hitting questions respectable outlets like WorldNetDaily ask. It's up to you, dear reader, to decide.
“A goal is a dream with a deadline.” Napoleon Hill
We are creatures of routine and habit, but we also creatures of adaptation and change. Our actions are purposeful because they are always aimed to achieve some goal.
Even something as simple as getting up to get a glass of water can be described in terms of our intentions to fulfill a desire, such as quenching our thirst.
Often the most successful people in our society are the ones who have the strongest intent behind their actions. They are the best planners. They are visionaries. They have the ability to direct their intentions in ways that others are unfamiliar with. They can see a path from point A to point B and, although it may not be correct from step-to-step, they have the motivation and inspiration to start walking it.
But the future is filled with uncertainty. So as we walk our path in achieving our goals, we must occasionally adjust our game plan in the face of new experiences and new information.
Because of these uncertainties, it can sometimes be difficult to plan for the future. However, it is still useful to write down our plans so that we have a starting point to build from.
Writing down your goals is a real and tangible way to start making your dreams a part of reality. By thinking and writing about your future, you are building these goals into your neurology through brainstorming and building associations.
To give you an example of what I want you to do, I will create a timeline of my own. I call these timelines “progressive” because they begin by focusing in on a single day and then they zoom out to a scope of ten years or more. This is a really interesting way to expand your awareness from what you can accomplish in a single day to what you can accomplish over the course of many years.
I recommend a minimum of five items for each point on your timeline. This should give you enough flexibility to touch on various aspects of your life. Later in this post, I will expand on what you can do to improve these timelines and make them more effective.
My Timeline
Within A Day
Finish this blog post.
Call Mom and Dad to check up on how they are doing.
Finish reading my textbook for History & Systems of Psychology.
Start studying for my Psychophysiological Awareness Class.
Go out tonight so I can enjoy my last party weekend in Binghamton, NY
Within A Week
Study and complete two of my Final exams.
Return my books to the Science Library.
Write another blog post or two.
Begin wrapping up work in other classes.
Start packing up my stuff for home.
Within A Month
Graduate from college.
Find a decent-paying job back at home.
Reach under 300,000 traffic rank in the U.S. on Alexa.com
Start volunteering at a church back home.
Start dating again.
Within A Year
Start writing a book.
Layout the major framework for starting my own business.
Get certified in hypnosis.
Find a girlfriend.
Expand my network and social circle.
Join a gym and work on building muscle strength and endurance.
Within Five Years
Become self-employed.
Move to a place I have always wanted to live.
Get my book edited and published.
Record a music album for the sole intention of artistic expression.
Pursue a graduate degree in a field of Psychology (Clinical, Industrial, Transpersonal or Positive Psychology)
Within Ten Years
Travel Europe.
Get married and start a family.
Invest some time, energy, and capital to help other small businesses succeed.
Become more involved in political activism and campaigning.
Dedicate time to an activist group who supports a cause I strongly believe in.
Improving Your Timeline
Once you create your timeline you can always go back and update it. As I said in the introduction, true visionaries rarely see the whole path in its entirety; rather, they need to constantly draw up their mental map and upgrade it.
In a week, you may realize that you had forgotten a key goal of yours. In a month, you may change your mind about pursuing a past goal. Remember, nothing has to be set in stone.
Being dedicated is one thing, but being too stubborn to change your ways in the face of new thoughts or feelings is a different story. Use your best judgment when making these decisions; always remember to weigh out the costs and benefits before pursuing any course of action.
As I also said earlier, this kind of exercise is great for re-wiring your brain in preparation of these goals. I already notice more clarity in my thinking after only spending 15-20 minutes writing up this list.
You can improve upon this by revisiting your list on a periodic basis. I try to reflect on the “bigger picture” at least once every few months.
You can also use your imagination to see, feel and experience what it would be like to do these goals. What type of steps will you need to take? How will it feel once you have achieved what you set out to do? Ask yourself these types of questions in order to get your mind more focused and productive toward these goals.
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement:
Mumbai's Dabbawalas (tiffin deliverymen) will teach ‘management lessons' to engineering and management students in Kota on April 17 at a talk show.
Career Point University (CPU) and Junior Chamber International (JCI) are jointly hosting the event
Known for their management skills, a team of Dabbawalas will share information about their management skills and experience with professionals and students of Kota.
At a press conference in Kota, organising chairman of the talk show Lokesh Maheshwari from JCI Kota said Dabbawalas, a group of 5,000 people are working professionally since 125 years, distributing lunch boxes to the people of Mumbai.
Read more: Flipkart ties up with Mumbai's Dabbawalas
“Dabbawalas distribute around 2 lakh lunch boxes in 60 km area within 3 hours daily,” he said. Due to their nearly error free performance with 99.99% accuracy, Dabbawalas have got a ‘Six Sigma' certification reserved only to highly professional organisations. “Mumbai's Dabbawalas have earned their place in the Guinness Book of World Records for their work,” he said.
JCI president Vinay Sharma said though not very highly paid, Dabbawalas perform their work with accuracy and professionalism which is a management lesson.
“That's why JCI and CPU have jointly organised a talk show with Dabbawalas at CPU auditorium in Kota in which four Dabbawalas will share key aspects of their management skills. Time management, quality assurance and dedication can be learnt from Dabbawalas,” he informed.
Read more: Mumbai dabbawalas on a shopping spree for royal couple
In the past, Dabbawalas' had delivered lectures in premier institutions of the country like IIT, IIM and also renowned institutions like Oxford and Stanford universities.
First Published: Apr 14, 2016 15:43 IST
The Slamdance Film Festival, launched two decades ago as an alternative to Sundance, is getting into theatrical distribution with the documentary “The Resurrection of Jake The Snake.”
“Resurrection,” which premiered in January at Slamdance, will debut Sept. 2 in Portland, Ore., with a screening at the Portland Film Festival and a Q&A session moderated by UFC star Chael Sonnen with Jake “The Snake” Roberts, Diamond Dallas Page and director Steve Yu.
The event format will be used for the film's continuing theatrical release with personal appearances by Roberts, the filmmakers and special guests. The theatrical release marks the initiation of Slamdance Presents as a means of giving commercial releases to titles that play at Slamdance.
“The Resurrection of Jake the Snake” documents Roberts battling his personal demons in a struggle to reclaim his life and family. The film also features Page, who is the producer, and Scott Hall, also known as Razor Ramon.
Other venues scheduled throughout the fall include Los Angeles; New York; Chicago; Atlanta; Philadelphia; Baltimore; Dallas; Nashville, Tenn.; Tampa, Fla.; and Yonkers, N.Y. Slamdance hosted a screening of the film via its Cinema Club at Hollywood's ArcLight Theater in March, with a Q&A moderated by Slamdance alumni Joe Manganiello.
“We hope to enter the challenging theatrical arena with a strong showing, knowing that the festival and the film embody the true spirit of independent film,” said Peter Baxter, president and co-founder of the Slamdance Film Festival.
Notable titles that have debuted at Slamdance include Oren Peli's “Paranormal Activity,” “Mad Hot Ballroom” and Seth Gordon's “The King of Kong: A Fistful of Quarters.” The Slamdance feature competition is limited to films made with budgets under $1 million and made by first-time directors.
The Iran Deal Is Keeping the Middle East From Going Nuclear. Why Does Trump Want to Blow It Up?
Few international agreements are as important to U.S. national security as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), also known as the Iran nuclear deal. The JCPOA puts a lid on Iran's nuclear program and subjects it to intrusive inspections designed to ensure that Tehran cannot cheat. For at least the next decade, the deal avoids the twin dangers of an Iranian nuclear bomb or a major war in the Middle East to prevent that development.
Yet it is no secret that President Donald Trump hates the agreement, and there is an awful lot of strategizing underway by outside critics to develop a compelling rationale to help the administration ditch the deal. Some deal opponents have put forth a supposed approach, which argues that Trump should not recertify that Iran is complying with the agreement but not immediately reimpose nuclear-related sanctions. Instead, the administration should impose maximum pressure on the Iranian regime via massive non-nuclear sanctions, including on entire sectors of the Iranian economy. The ostensible goal is to enforce the JCPOA and push back against Iran's nefarious behavior, but the real intent seems to be to collapse the deal or bait Iran into abandoning it. Other deal skeptics are more transparent about their intentions. Most recently, former U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. John Bolton has published an undelivered presidential memo outlining an explicit roadmap for ridding the international community of the agreement.
To be sure, the Iran deal is imperfect and efforts should be undertaken to address its shortcomings. But if Trump follows the recommendations of these deal critics one thing is clear: It will put the United States in a much weaker position with less leverage to negotiate a better deal. It will also produce a higher likelihood that, over time, this decision leads to either a nuclear-armed or a direct military confrontation between Iran and the United States.
The good news is that a number of Iran hardliners, including former National Security Council member Derek Harvey, former NSC Senior Director for Intelligence Programs Ezra Cohen-Watnick, and most importantly former White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon, have recently left the White House. The bad news is that one relentless anti-deal hawk remains: Trump. In October, he will have to decide whether to keep certifying Iranian compliance with the terms of the JCPOA, something all but certain to be justified on the basis of the facts of Iranian nuclear activities. His decision will mark a vital turning point for U.S. relations with much of the rest of the world and the course of international nuclear nonproliferation efforts more generally.
Of the various proposals on the table for walking away from the JCPOA, Bolton's is the most refreshing, both in its honesty and in its recognition of the core problem in leaving the deal: the absence of a coherent narrative for pursuing such a course and likely dearth of international cooperation in dealing with the aftermath. Bolton's memorandum flows from this conclusion, emphasizing at the outset, “U.S. leadership here is critical, especially through a diplomatic and public education effort to explain a decision not to certify and to abrogate the JCPOA. Like any global campaign, it must be persuasive, thorough, and accurate.” Bolton implicitly recognizes in setting forth the strategy he suggests that the United States would be fighting an uphill battle to convince the rest of the international community that walking away from the JCPOA is sensible or necessary. It is not coincidental that Bolton recommends that the first phase of engagement and consultations with partners should start with the administration telling them, “we are going to abrogate the deal based on outright violations and other unacceptable Iranian behavior,” and only thereafter to “seek [partner] input.” Bolton knows ­— as do, surely, all those monitoring the JCPOA — that to seek input before walking away from the JCPOA is to invite only pleas to stick with the deal and to stop rocking the boat.
Although Bolton is direct in his entreaties to the Trump administration, his proposed strategy is no less flawed than the others advocated by JCPOA skeptics. It takes as a given that other countries (and, even failing that, their companies) will follow the U.S. lead wherever it goes because of the awesome power of U.S. sanctions and strategic judgment. Bolton argues that by presenting a clear picture of the failings of the JCPOA as well as the nefarious nature of Iranian policy more generally, states will once again fall in line to cooperate with a U.S.-led sanctions effort against Iran. In fact, nowhere in his memo does he actually lay out one example of how Iran has violated the JCPOA. And there is good reason for that. Iran is not in breach of the agreement. Instead, his argument rests on the twin assumptions that other countries are ignorant of the fact that the JCPOA permits Iran to retain enrichment or that Iran supports groups like Hezbollah, and that if they still don't care, the United States can force their cooperation and assistance in pursuing its policy initiatives with Iran.
In this, Bolton misses a core attribute of the sanctions strategy enlisted by the George W. Bush administration after he left his post at the United Nations in 2006: to combine an effort at sanctions with the promise of a diplomatic outcome. This dual-track strategy, which the Obama administration later expanded upon and accelerated, created a combination of push and pull factors that convinced countries that the United States had a plan to secure the peaceful resolution of the nuclear problem. It was this strategy that made possible countries' decisions to restrict their oil imports from Iran or to cooperate with Treasury Department investigations of Iranian finances. And U.S. efforts to impose sanctions against Iran were calibrated with an earnest effort to avoid damaging the national economies of U.S. partners (as with the oil reduction sanctions from 2012 to 2013, phased in execution to avoid jarring oil markets). Bolton suggests instead soliciting of suggestions for new sanctions after the United States walks away from the JCPOA, and only rhetorical efforts to restart talks. In fact, this might be the most surprising admission of all in Bolton's memorandum: He does not see his own strategy resulting in a new agreement, agreeing with JCPOA advocates that “Iran is not likely to seek further negotiations once the JCPOA is abrogated.”
In truth, once the United States has embarked on the path away from the JCPOA — either forthrightly as Bolton suggests or duplicitously as others do — the United States is likely to find that the time of snapping its fingers and deriving international cooperation is long since past. Instead, countries and companies are likely to react depending on a combination of interests that may militate against a fraction of the coercive power of the 2010-2013 sanctions campaign being recapitulated. Some will doubtless cooperate. There are many foreign companies that are dependent on their access to the U.S. market and will be compelled to abandon any interests in Iran or those doing business with Iran. Likewise, there are some governments whose national interests demand close coordination with the United States. Japan and South Korea, for example, are likely to go along with renewed U.S. sanctions against Iran, even if only tepidly, out of fear of Trump administration abandonment in the face of the threat from North Korea.
Other countries and companies will choose a different course. Some may be outright hostile to a U.S. decision to sabotage the JCPOA. China, for example, was difficult for the Obama administration to chivvy along on Iran sanctions because of the country's sense of its own national interests in the region as well as its resistance to being directed by the United States. China cooperated with U.S. sanctions, but on its terms and behind the scenes. In an environment in which the United States is no longer seen as a responsible global player and in which tariffs and trade wars are threatened casually, there is little incentive for China to cooperate on Iran sanctions. At best, the United States may be able to convince China to trade areas of interest in a transactional foreign policy, but what would be worth exchanging with China in order to enlist its sanctions support?
Bolton's dismissive attitude toward China notwithstanding, the Chinese matter incredibly in a sanctions effort toward Iran. China alone purchases anywhere from 20 to 30 percent of Iranian oil and a Chinese decision to refuse cooperation could encourage others to similarly risk American reprisals. Sanctions fatigue will already be a real threat given the unnecessary nature of this renewed crisis. China standing on the margins will magnify this problem.
Of course, this assumes that the United States has the luxury of European partnership in the endeavor. All of those arguing against preserving the status quo may believe that, no matter what, the European Union and the United States will stand shoulder to shoulder in confronting Iran again, even if European governments do not presently support walking away from the JCPOA.
Unfortunately, this cannot be assumed.
First and foremost, the EU is itself hardly a coherent bloc on the Iran front. At various times during the main years of sanctions, the United States had to work with those in support of sanctions to convince the others that sanctions had a diplomatic rationale and a chance of success. This would obviously be gone in the event of JCPOA abrogation. If the EU cannot unite to support the adoption of sanctions, then the sanctions effort will be deprived of the benefits of bloc politics. As one of us has written about separately, part of the power of the EU has been its ability to enlist support for tough measures by burden balancing among Instead, the EU is likely to endorse only the least common denominator approach to sanctions, if that. And, without cohesion, beggar-thy-neighbor politics would instead result, in which no EU government is prepared to accept economic costs not accepted in some fashion by another (especially if China sits out).
Moreover, European governments will face a domestic cost for cooperating with the United States. Trump is deeply unpopular across Europe creating political incentives for politicians in democratic states to rail against him. And in Europe the JCPOA is overwhelmingly popular. It becomes a lot harder to coax cooperation out of your friends when every request comes with a domestic political cost instead of a benefit.
This is not to say that some companies and banks might not go along with the U.S. sanctions push. As noted earlier, there will be some with a powerful incentive to do so. But, the result will be far more haphazard and catch-as-can than strategic. This is even more likely in a situation where European governments decide — either en masse or individually — to contest new U.S. sanctions at the World Trade Organization or through bloc or national blocking legislation on their companies. This is no mere fantasy: In 1997, the Clinton administration was convinced this was a real threat over Iran sanctions, and from 2001 to 2009, the Bush administration studiously avoided this risk through its own sanctions measures.
From some, this conclusion may come as good news, suggesting that though the United States might itself be isolated in walking away from the JCPOA, Iran, the EU, and other countries might preserve it through their own actions. The head of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran, Ali Salehi, seemed to recommend this course of action recently, noting that Iran would comply with its obligations even if the United States withdrew so long as Europe remains party to But, though the United States should be cautious in its expectation that foreign partners will sign on to any adventure it suggests with regard to Iran sanctions, Iran would soon find that partial cooperation with U.S. sanctions is deleterious to its own economic interests. Even if European governments resist joining the United States, some companies would join. A chilling effect from either abrogation or an unwarranted decision to no longer certify Iranian compliance would limit Iran's economic opportunities and create political pressure inside of Tehran to withdraw as well. Iran would demand that the EU force its companies to comply with their contracts and the intent of the JCPOA, but there is no legal recourse available in EU for governments to make this work.
Half of Europe, China, Russia, and a few other countries simply cannot deliver enough sanctions relief benefits to make up for the U.S. secondary sanctions threat — even if waivers remain legally in place — to keep the Iranian satisfied with the tradeoff implicit in the JCPOA. Moreover, if Trump very publicly walks away from the agreement, there will be overwhelming domestic political pressure on President Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and his allies to respond. The likely result of being placed in this situation is that, rather than hunker down and accept its place, Iran would instead match provocations with the United States and restart its suspended nuclear activities.
Fortunately, Bolton and others have an answer to that concern, implicit in their shared assumptions about Iranian responses and the unacceptability of any agreement including anything less than total prohibition of Iranian nuclear fuel cycle activities and unfettered U.S. access throughout the country: “U.S. support for the democratic Iranian opposition,” which we can read more directly as “regime change.” And if that does not work — and it likely won't — Bolton has a long track record of advocating for American or Israeli military action.
It is the height of irresponsibility for the Trump administration to even be considering walking away from the JCPOA while North Korean missiles are zipping over the heads of U.S. allies and a wealth of other national security problems remains unchecked. Far from being a necessary component of managing those problems (as some Iran deal skeptics claim), walking away from the JCPOA or convincing Iran to do so will only magnify the problems facing the United States in the Middle East and beyond. We should take comfort for how hard JCPOA opponents are laboring, as they are pushing against common sense and good policy, and hope that it is a sign that this White House will listen to its adults again.
Photo credit: NICHOLAS KAMM/AFP/Getty Images
A Saskatoon woman is facing eight additional charges after a family of four was killed in a highway crash.
Catherine McKay, 49, is now facing four counts of dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing death and four counts of impaired operation with a blood alcohol reading over .08 causing death.
McKay was already charged with four counts of impaired driving causing death.
Jordan and Chanda Van de Vorst and their two-year-old son, Miguire, and five-year-old daughter, Kamryn, were killed in a weekend highway crash in Saskatoon. (Van de Vorst family/Facebook) Jordan and Chanda Van de Vorst were killed early Sunday morning when their car was hit on Highway 11, on the outskirts of Saskatoon. Five-year-old daughter Kamryn and two-year-old son, Miguire, died later in hospital.
McKay made a brief court appearance on Tuesday, and is set to appear in court again on Thursday.
A memorial service will be held this weekend for the Van de Vorsts. The funeral will be held at Saskatoon's Elim Church at 11 a.m. CST on Saturday, January 9.
Republican primary front-runner Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE claimed on the second day of Operation Iraqi Freedom that it appeared to be “a tremendous success from a military standpoint.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Speaking to Fox News' Neil Cavuto on March 21, 2003, Trump predicted the war would continue to bolster Wall Street.
“Well, I think Wall Street's waiting to see what happens, but even before the fact they're obviously taking it a little bit for granted, and it looks like a tremendous success from a military standpoint, and I think this is really nothing compared to what you're gonna see after the war is over,” Trump said, as first reported by BuzzFeed News.
The billionaire businessman said he was optimistic that international protests to the war would not harm the U.S. economy.
“Well, I guess the French never liked us much except when we're bailing them out, you know, to be totally honest with you,” he said. “But certainly we're going to have to work on our public relations, because there's no question that there are a lot of countries in the world right now that aren't too fond of us, but I think that can be solved and probably pretty quickly."
Trump also speculated in the interview as to what kinds of weapons of mass destruction the Iraqi regime was hiding.
“The main thing is to get the war over with and just make it a tremendously successful campaign, and it'll be very interesting to see what kind of weapons they uncover,” he said.
Trump has made his prescient opposition to the Iraq War a central talking point on the campaign trail.
After audio was uncovered from 2002 in which he expressed support for the invasion, Trump said by the time the war started, he was against it.
He has also accused former President George W. Bush, brother of primary rival Jeb Bush, of lying about the reasons for the invasion.
COMMENTS: Issues? What Issues?
It is remarkable how little attention has been paid to issue coverage during this Presidential cycle.
Here are the network-by-network trends (in minutes of airtime) for issues coverage for each Presidential year since 1988 on the three broadcast networks' weekday nightly newscasts. Issues coverage is differentiated from candidate coverage thus: it takes a public policy, outlines the societal problem that needs to be addressed, describes the candidates' platform positions and proposed solutions, and evaluates their efficacy.
The amount of time spent on issues coverage represents the attempt by television news to establish a political agenda that is driven by the perceived problems that the country faces rather than those talking points that the candidates select to promote their own causes.
This year's absence of issues is an accurate portrayal of the turf on which the election is being played out. It has turned into a referendum on the candidates' fitness for office, hinging on attributes such as honesty, trustworthiness, judgment, temperament, stamina, good health, comportment and boorishness. If the candidates are not talking about the issues, the news media would be misrepresenting the contest to do so.
With just two weeks to go, issues coverage this year has been virtually non-existent. Of the 32 minutes total, terrorism (17 mins) and foreign policy (7 mins) towards the Middle East (Israel-ISIS-Syria-Iraq) have attracted some attention. Gay rights, immigration and policing have been mentioned in passing.
No trade, no healthcare, no climate change, no drugs, no poverty, no guns, no infrastructure, no deficits. To the extent that these issues have been mentioned, it has been on the candidates' terms, not on the networks' initiative.
year (mins) Total ABC CBS NBC
1988 117 36 40 42
1992 210 112 38 60
1996 98 29 53 17
2000 130 45 39 46
2004 203 40 119 44
2008 220 41 119 66
2012 114 13 70 32
2016 (YTD) 32 8 16 8
READER COMMENTS BELOW:
You must be logged in to this website to leave a comment. Please click here to log in so you can participate in the discussion.
This article is about the New7Wonders Foundation list. For other uses, see Wonders of the World
New7Wonders of the World (2000–2007) was a campaign started in 2000 to choose Wonders of the World from a selection of 200 existing monuments.[1] The popularity poll was led by Canadian-Swiss Bernard Weber and organized by the New7Wonders Foundation based in Zurich, Switzerland, with winners announced on 7 July 2007 in Lisbon.[2][3]
The New7Wonders Foundation said that more than 100 million votes were cast through the Internet or by telephone. Voting via the Internet was limited to one vote for seven monuments per person/identity, but multiple voting was possible through telephone.[4] Hence the poll was considered unscientific.[5] According to John Zogby, founder and current President/CEO of the Utica, New York-based polling organization Zogby International, New7Wonders Foundation drove "the largest poll on record".[3]
The program drew a wide range of official reactions. Some countries touted their finalist and tried to get more votes cast for it, while others downplayed or criticized the contest.[3][5] After supporting the New7Wonders Foundation at the beginning of the campaign by providing advice on nominee selection, the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), by its bylaws having to record all and give equal status to world heritage sites, distanced itself from the undertaking in 2001 and again in 2007.[6][7]
The New7Wonders Foundation, established in 2001, relied on private donations and the sale of broadcast rights and received no public funding or taxpayers' money.[8] After the final announcement, New7Wonders said it didn't earn anything from the exercise and barely recovered its investment.[9]
Although N7W describes itself as a not-for-profit organization, the company behind it—the New Open World Corporation (NOWC)—is a commercial business. All licensing and sponsorship money is paid to NOWC.
The foundation ran two subsequent programs: New7Wonders of Nature, the subject of voting until 2011, and New7Wonders Cities, which ended in 2014.
Image caption The manned space flight will dock with the Tiangong 1 space station module
China has announced it will carry out a manned space flight at some point in the middle of June.
A rocket carrying the Shenzhou 9 spacecraft has been moved to a launch pad in the north-west of the country.
According to state news agency Xinhua, it will carry three astronauts - possibly including a woman - to the Tiangong 1 space station module.
This will be China's fourth manned space flight and its first since 2008.
It became only the third country to independently send a man into space in 2003.
Stellar plans
Last year, China completed a complicated space docking manoeuvre when an unmanned craft docked with the Tiangong 1, or "Heavenly Body", by remote control.
The astronauts onboard the Shenzhou 9 spacecraft will also dock with the Tiangong 1 - an experimental module currently orbiting Earth - and carry out scientific experiments on board.
Xinhua reported that Niu Hongguang, deputy commander-in-chief of China's manned space programme, said the crew "might include female astronauts".
The mission is part of China's programme to develop a full orbiting space station.
Beijing is planning to complete the 60-tonne manned space station by 2020.
China was previously turned away from the International Space Station, a much bigger project run by 16 nations, reportedly after objections from the United States.
Image caption Cambodian troops near the temple. The two sides blame each other for breaking the truce
Cambodia says a disputed 11th Century temple - a UN World Heritage site - has been damaged during continued cross-border clashes with Thai troops.
Part of Preah Vihear temple collapsed after a Thai bombardment, officials said. Thailand has not commented.
The fighting has claimed five lives since Friday and thousands of villagers have been evacuated
There has been increased tension in the region since Cambodia won World Heritage status for the temple in 2008.
An international court ruling in 1962 said that the temple belonged to Cambodia although its main entrance is in Thailand and the surrounding area is claimed by both sides.
"A wing of our Preah Vihear temple has collapsed as a direct result of the Thai artillery bombardment," said the Cambodian military commander, in a statement.
The most recent tension was sparked this month when a Cambodian court sentenced two members of a Thai nationalist movement to up to eight years in prison after finding them guilty of espionage.
The two were among seven Thai politicians and activists charged with illegal entry after crossing into the disputed border area in December.
BBC South East Asia correspondent Rachel Harvey says Thai nationalist groups have been staging demonstrations to demand the government take a tougher line with Cambodia.
Who fired first?
Sunday's flare-up reportedly involved mortar, rocket and artillery fire and began at about 1835 local time (1135 GMT).
Fighting has continued despite at least two ceasefires. The two sides have blamed each other for breaking those ceasefires.
A Cambodian military commander told AFP news agency: "We are fighting now, they started firing at us first."
But the agency also quoted Thai Col Sunsern Kaewkumnerd as saying: "Thailand has retaliated. The fighting is still going on. There are no reports of casualties."
In his weekly television address, Thai PM Abhisit Vejjajiva said the army and government officials from both countries were working "to normalise the situation".
Expand The mother and sister of 19-year-old Carl Angelo Arnaiz, accused of robbery and shot dead by police, weep during the funeral in Pateros, Metro Manila, Philippines, September 5, 2017. © 2017 Erik De Castro/Reuters
(New York) – The apparent extrajudicial executions by Philippine police of two children over a three-day period underscores the need for a United Nations inquiry into President Rodrigo Duterte's abusive “war on drugs,” Human Rights Watch said today. While several dozen children under 18 have died in drug war-related killings since June 2016, circumstances suggest that the Philippine National Police (PNP) deliberately targeted the two children.
“The apparent willingness of Philippine police to deliberately target children for execution marks an appalling new level of depravity in this so-called drug war,” said Phelim Kine, deputy Asia director. “These killings demonstrate that Duterte's rejection of the rule of law has made all Filipinos potential ‘drug-war' victims, no matter how young.”
On September 6, 2017, a passerby spotted the body of Reynaldo de Guzman, a 14-year-old Grade 5 student from Pasig City, floating in a creek, 20 days after he was reported missing. A pathologist report indicates that de Guzman died from at least 30 stab wounds after his assailants wrapped his head in packing tape. Packing tape has been a gruesome hallmark of many drug-war killings under Duterte. De Guzman had last been seen alive on August 18 in the company of his friend Carl Angelo Arnaiz, 19, who the police shot to death later that day after they accused him of robbing a taxi driver in Manila's Caloocan City. Video: Police Fake Evidence in the Philippines' Drug War Killings Philippine police are falsifying evidence to justify unlawful killings in a “war on drugs” that has caused more than 7,000 deaths.
Two days earlier, on August 16, police anti-drug officers in Caloocan City killed 17-year-old Kian delos Santos. Police said they shot delos Santos after he fired on them during an anti-drug operation. However, both witness accounts and close circuit television camera footage indicate that police executed an unarmed delos Santos while he was in police custody and dumped his body in an alley.
The killings of delos Santo and de Guzman bring to at least 54 the number of children killed by police and “unidentified gunmen” in the “war on drugs” since July 2016, according to data from the Children's Legal Rights and Development Center. Most of those children had been shot while in the company of adults who were the apparent target of the shooting. Both Duterte and Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II have dismissed those killings as “collateral damage.”
Duterte's government has also imperiled children by approving a plan for mandatory drug testing for all college students and applicants. The order permits local governments, the police, and other law enforcement agencies to “carry out any drug-related operation within the school premises” with the approval of school administrators. This will effectively allow the police to extend their abusive anti-drug operations to college and university campuses, placing students at grave risk. “License to Kill” Philippine Police Killings in Duterte's “War on Drugs” Download the full report
Download the full report Download the summary and photo insert
Download the summary and photo insert Download the summary and recommendations in Tagalog
A public uproar over the killings of delos Santos and de Guzman has prompted Duterte, the Justice Department, and the Philippine National Police to promise thorough investigations into their deaths. In August, the Public Attorney's Office filed murder and torture charges against the police officers implicated in the delos Santos killing. But on September 8, Duterte described de Guzman's killing as a deliberate act of “sabotage” to “discredit” the police.
There are major concerns about the willingness and capacity of the Philippine authorities to conduct thorough, impartial, and transparent investigations into drug war-related killings. In July, police officials allowed the police officers facing homicide charges in the 2016 killing of Albuera Mayor Rolando Espinosa, Sr. to return to work.
The officers were reinstated even though twin inquiries by the National Bureau of Investigation and the Philippine Senate reached the conclusion that the officers had committed “premeditated murder” when they shot Espinosa to death in a Manila jail cell on November 5, 2016. Espinosa had surrendered to the police following public accusations by President Duterte that he was a drug trafficker. Both investigations rejected the officers' assertion that Espinosa died in a firefight in his cell after brandishing a concealed pistol.
Duterte has also systematically sought to vilify, harass, and intimidate those carrying out domestic and international accountability efforts that have challenged his drug war. The targets of the harassment campaign include human rights organizations and activists, lawyers, United Nations officials, journalists, and Philippine lawmakers.
Concerted action by the UN Human Rights Council to address Duterte's abusive drug war is crucial. The council should press the Philippines government to accept an independent international investigation into all allegations of extrajudicial killings and to hold those responsible to account. The council should also press the government to cooperate with the UN special rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, grant unfettered and unconditional access to the rapporteur, and immediately stop all official incitement and instigation of drug war killings.
“A fundamental obligation of every government is to protect the lives of its children, not to empower police and their agents to murder them,” Kine said. “Until Duterte ends his abusive drug war and allows a UN-led international probe, child-killers among the police will continue to get away with murder.”
What does the State Department's Wendy Sherman do with her spare time when not negotiating weak nuclear deals with rogue regimes? The same as the rest of the Obama foreign-policy team: threaten Israel with diplomatic isolation at the United Nations. Sherman issued some thinly veiled threats yesterday in remarks to a gathering of Reform movement leaders in which she made clear that the administration expects the next Israeli government to do its bidding with respect to supporting a two-state solution with the Palestinians. While there's nothing new about this insistence, Sherman's language followed the same pattern as other remarks issued by U.S. officials since Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was reelected last month. But like all such warnings that have been aimed at Jerusalem from Washington, the most striking aspect of this effort is how divorced these American staffers are from the reality of a peace process that the Palestinians have no interest in pursuing.
Sherman, who holds the title of Undersecretary of State for Political Affairs, is best known for her work on nuclear non-proliferation in both the Clinton and Obama administrations. But her real claim to fame is as the person who naively gave away the store to the North Koreans that helped them get closer to a bomb in the 1990s and learned nothing from that experience before repeating the exercise in the last few years with Iran. She defended the Iran nuclear deal she helped negotiate and assured the Reform leaders that the pact would make Israel and the world safer. But that highly debatable conclusion is less newsworthy than Sherman's effort to fire yet another shot over Netanyahu's bow as he completed negotiations to form his next government.
According to the Times of Israel, Sherman warned that if the new government “is seen as stepping back from its commitment to a two-state solution,” that “makes our job in the international arena that much tougher.” She went on to note that the U.S. had “repeatedly stood up against efforts to delegitimize Israel or single Israel out unfairly” and that this “would continue to be the case.” But then she added that Netanyahu's pre-election statements about the unlikelihood of a two-state solution happening had “raised questions” about the premise of U.S. support.
While Sherman's remarks can be read in a sympathetic manner as being basically supportive of Israel—and there's little doubt that her audience heard it that way—the message to Netanyahu was clear: any more wavering about his dedication to two-state negotiations and all bets are off in the United Nations.
But while Sherman is right when she says that most American Jews are as obsessed with willing a two-state solution into existence as the president and Secretary of State Kerry, Israelis take a different view of things.
Most of them would also like a two-state solution that would allow them to cease having responsibility for areas that are dominated by Palestinian Arabs. But unlike the Obama administration and its American Jewish cheering section on the left, the majority of Israeli voters have paid attention to events in the region in the last 20 years and know that they don't have a viable Palestinian peace partner. It doesn't matter whether most Israelis share the conviction that two states for two peoples is the best possible solution to the conflict. That happens to be the case, but Israelis also understood what Netanyahu was talking about the day before his stunning election victory when he said that creating a Palestinian state in the West Bank under current circumstances was an invitation to a new round of terrorist attacks on Israel.
Israelis remember what happened when their government withdrew every last soldier and settler from Gaza in 2005. Instead of trading land for peace as they hoped (and as they had vainly attempted to do with the Oslo Accords), they wound up trading land for terror. Indeed, for all the talk about the necessity of creating a Palestinian state, what Israelis understand is that the Hamas-run strip is for all intents and purposes an independent Palestinian state. The notion of repeating this experiment in the far larger and more strategic West Bank strikes most Israelis, whether they voted for Likud and its allies or Netanyahu's main opponents, the Labor-led Zionist Union, as nuts. A two-state solution wasn't in the cards no matter who had won the Israeli election and it won't be brought any closer or pushed off any further into the future no matter what Netanyahu says about the idea.
That's been the basic problem with Obama administration Middle East policy since 2009. The president came into office obsessed with the notion that more distance between Israel and the United States would tempt the Palestinians to negotiate seriously. He's gotten the distance he wanted and then some, but the Palestinians have never budged. They're still refusing to recognize the legitimacy of a Jewish state no matter where its borders are drawn. Palestinian Authority leader Mahmoud Abbas has no real interest in being drawn into more talks where he's faced with the choice of either saying no to peace (which he and his predecessor Yasir Arafat have repeatedly done even when a Palestinian state was offered the by the Israelis) or agreeing to something his people won't accept. Hamas, backed up by an Iranian ally that has been empowered and embraced by Obama, exercises an effective veto on peace even if Abbas were willing or capable of signing a deal.
But that doesn't stop the president from sending Sherman to intimate that if the Israelis don't bow to his dictates the U.S. will no longer veto resolutions recognizing Palestinian independence without first forcing them to make peace with Israel. Clearly, that's the direction toward which the lame duck administration is moving despite the recent talk of a Jewish charm offensive intended to disarm criticism of the president's clear animus against the Israeli government. In the absence of significant pushback from a Democratic Party that is still in thrall to Obama, we may find out in the next 23 months whether Obama is bluffing.
A Chinese man was dying of terminal cancer, but wanted to experience the joy and splendour of a wedding.
However, he did not want to have to leave behind a widow, so he married a lifelike sex doll.
This resulted in a series of surprisingly tender images including hugging in front of a sunlit window, reflected romantically in a shadowy mirror and staring lovingly into each other's eyes.
The 'bride' was given VIP treatment, including a makeup artist and a series of dresses to pose in.
Although the 28-year-old man has yet to be identified, people on Chinese social media have offered up a range of possible explanations behind the photographs.
Some are cynical, and have shrugged off the photos as a marketing campaign.
CCTV reported: "Some netizens recently revealed that the man is actually suffering from a deadly cancer.
"In order not to hurt other people's feelings, he chose to marry an artificial doll instead of a real person."
The photographer who took the photos defended the man's unusual nuptials.
She said that even if she didn't necessarily agree with the man's choice of marrying a doll, he still deserved to be respected as a matter of personal freedom.
It is not the first time a terminally ill person has turned to an artificial doll to fulfil a dying wish.
In May, another Chinese man posted pictures of child-sized doll he bought in place of the daughter he would never have.
He thought that because he had serious headaches and depression, that he would never marry or have children, so he did a photoshoot with a life-like doll instead.
President Rodrigo Duterte says while he is thankful for the support, he would rather his supporters 'not threaten people'
Published 6:54 PM, September 22, 2016
MANILA, Philippines – President Rodrigo Duterte has asked his ardent supporters to stop threatening journalists.
"I appreciate very much your support and maybe your – how would I say it – enthusiasm to back me up. You are correct, I am doing nothing wrong, but of course we should also not threaten people kasi hindi na sila makapagsulat ng totoo (because they aren't able to write the truth)," said Duterte on Thursday, September 22.
Duterte was speaking at the Philippine National Police Region 10 headquarters in Cagayan de Oro.
His appeal comes after the National Union of Journalists of the Philippines (NUJP) called on the Palace to investigate social media attacks on two female journalists.
The President said he heard of this report from local correspondents of international media groups.
"I was told of several threats," he said.
Earlier on Thursday, Communications Secretary Martin Andanar also called on Duterte supporters not to bash journalists.
"Siguro ang pakiusap po natin ay huwag ho tayong magkasakitan ng mga pino-post natin sa social media, at lalung-lalo na ho ay iwasan ho natin na i-threaten iyong ating mga kasamahan sa media," said Andanar in a Palace press briefing.
(We are appealing for people not to post hurtful things on social media and especially to avoid threatening members of the media.)
Some Duterte supporters, or netizens who appear to be Duterte supporters, are known to be brazen in their defense of Duterte.
Journalists who write articles critical of the President have reported being harassed online, to the point of receiving death or rape threats.
Media groups like Rappler and GMA News have begun social media campaigns calling for netizens to refrain from using foul words or hurtful language when commenting on news sites. – Rappler.com
Come and explore Oakland's secret beach with us!
In celebration of national Citizen Science Day and in support of the City Nature Challenge, join the California Center for Natural History and Bay Nature to document nature in Oakland!
We'll be converging at Radio Beach (aka Toll Plaza Beach) to document all the birds, tidal plants,and anything else we can find. Radio Beach is really a unique spot in our fair city - as Andrew Alden says in his fantastic blog Oakland Geology, “Radio Beach is Oakland's nearest thing to a natural beach… There is no lonelier or prettier spot on Oakland's waterfront.”
We'll be using iNaturalist to document our findings. Don't have an iNat account yet? No problem! Sign up for an iNaturalist account, then download the app: iPhone, Android.
Help CCNH continue to provide free natural history events! We suggest a $20 donation per event, no one turned away for lack of funds. You can make a donation here.
Republicans aren't happy with the Federal Communications Commission's plan to regulate the Internet like telephone service, and they're going out of their way to make sure people know it.
FCC
The latest broadside comes from within the FCC itself, with Republican commissioner Ajit Pai using a press conference Tuesday to lay into Chairman Tom Wheeler's proposal on Net neutrality, or the idea that all Internet traffic should be treated equally. Pai argues that the proposed new regulations would give the government too much power over the Internet.
"The American people are being misled about President Obama's plan to regulate the Internet," Pai said, suggesting that the White House exerted undue influence over the agency.
Michael O'Rielly, the only other Republican commissioner on the five-member FCC, echoed Pai's statement, adding that the information the FCC has offered publicly about its Net neutrality proposal is not the full truth.
The comments by Pai and O'Rielly are part of an increasingly vocal attack on the FCC's proposal, an attack that includes questions about whether President Barack Obama pushed his own beliefs onto the independent agency. The opposition stems from the fear that added regulation will result in higher broadband prices for consumers and strip incentives for broadband companies to invest in upgrading their networks. The moves signify a last-ditch effort by Republicans to stop the FCC from adopting Net neutrality rules.
See also: Net Fix -- making sense of the Net neutrality debate
While nearly everyone agrees that some rules are needed to protect the Internet, they don't agree on the legal basis for making these rules. At the crux of the current debate is Title II, a provision that reclassifies broadband as a telecommunications service that falls under telephonelike regulations. Obama, most Democrats and Wheeler favor Title II, while Republicans and broadband providers like Comcast and Verizon are vehemently against it.
It's highly likely that the proposal will make it through the FCC. Republicans on the commission and in Congress will continue making noise until the FCC's final vote on February 26. But Wheeler, a Democrat appointed by Obama, has the three Democratic votes needed to pass the measure. Congress could push through new legislation it has been working on as an alternative, but Obama could veto the law.
Under the influence?
As part of the assault on the proposal, Congressional Republicans have questioned the impact Obama had on the FCC's plan. On Monday, Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Chairman Ron Johnson (R-Wisc.) sent a letter to Wheeler demanding a written explanation of what led Wheeler to conclude that an earlier proposal he considered was "no longer appropriate."
"Since the FCC is an independent agency that derives its authority from Congress and not the White House, it is highly concerning that the White House would seek to take on this level of involvement in the regulatory process of the FCC, or attempt to supplant completely the agency's decision-making apparatus," Johnson said, demanding that the agency send him documents by February 23.
Last week, the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee also opened an inquiry and demanded records of communications between the FCC and the White House pertaining to how the rules were developed.
Pai, along with Congressional Republicans who oppose broadband reclassification, have questioned the influence of the White House. In November, Obama issued a statement urging the FCC to adopt strong rules based on treating the Internet as a public utility. In January, Wheeler, speaking at the Consumer Electronics Show, indicated for the first time publicly that his proposal would indeed follow those public utility rules.
Republicans believe that Obama's statement, along with other influence from Obama's staff, may have interfered with the FCC's process for developing rules.
Wheeler has said repeatedly that he was already considering broadband reclassification even before Obama weighed in on the issue. His staff reiterated his thinking Tuesday in a statement.
"Chairman Wheeler welcomed the president's point of view, as he welcomed the millions of Americans who made their views known," a spokesman for the FCC said in an email. "After a yearlong process, Chairman Wheeler put forward a proposal that uses every tool in the toolbox to make sure the Internet stays fast, fair, and open for all Americans.
Wheeler's initial proposal, introduced last May, did not include broadband reclassification. In fact, Wheeler had said that such an action would be a last resort for the FCC in drafting rules meant to reinstate regulation.
But the chairman has explained that over the course of the past year, and after reading some of the 4 million public comments filed in response to his original proposal, his thinking changed. He realized his rules didn't go far enough to preserve true Net neutrality.
Skepticism over light touch
To assuage the concerns over some potential heavy-handed effects of Title II, Wheeler has said that the agency plans to strip out the onerous requirements meant for the telephone network, a process known in legal circles as "forbearance." He called the light-touch approach to Title II his idea of "regulation for the 21st century."
But Pai and O'Rielly, who say they have read through the 332-page proposal, claim Wheeler's assurances that these new rules will not result in rate regulation and additional taxes are not valid.
"The promised forbearance amounts to fauxbearance," O'Rielly said.
Pai said the FCC's use of Title II to regulate broadband is an invitation to allow the government to "micromanage the Internet." And he said he worries that future iterations of the FCC would use the agency's expanded authority to implement new taxes or regulate rates, in spite of Wheeler's assurances that the agency won't take such action.
"Expect regulation to ratchet up and forbearance to fade," he said. "The FCC is going to be deciding prices."
In addition to finding fault with the content of the FCC's proposal, Pai has also been critical of the agency's process for imposing the new rules. On Tuesday, he called on the commission to make its proposal public before the vote.
But the FCC generally does not make draft proposals public until after the full commission votes. Pai argued that the proposal's potential impact on the public interest justifies an exception. Still, he said he would not release the document to the public without the chairman's permission.
This story is part of a CNET special report looking at the challenges of Net neutrality, and what rules -- if any -- are needed to fuel innovation and protect US consumers.
Procedural City Generation For Dummies Series
My game, Heist, is a cooperative stealth game set in a procedurally generated city. This series of blog posts is an introduction to my approach for rapidly generating entire cities. If you're interested in following the series as it's released you can follow me on Twitter, Reddit or Subscribe to my RSS feed
A lot of the code for my game is open source - the code applicable to this article can be found here. Unfortunately it has some closed source dependencies which means you won't be able to compile it (I hope to fix that soon) but at least you can read along (and criticise my code).
Lot Subdivision
After road generation has finished it will have generated a road map which will look something like this:
The next stage of procedural city generation is to take each area surrounded by roads, called a parcel, and decide where to place buildings in this area. The spaces buildings are placed into are called “lots”.
I have come up with two different lot generation algorithms: OBB Parcelling and Straight Skeleton Subdivision; both based on this paper. So far I have only implemented OBB parcelling.
OBB Parcelling
OBB (Object Aligned Bounding Box) Parcelling is a method for recursively dividing a space into roughly cuboid parcels. It is best when the initial space is nearly cuboid, for example in a Manhattan style city.
The algorithm is quite simple:
function obb_subdivide( space ) { // 1. Fit an Object Aligned Bounding Box around the space let obb = fit(space); // 2. Slice the space along the shorter axis of the OBB let parts = slice( obb.shorterAxis, space ); // 3. Check validity of all children, terminate if any are not valid // This is the base case if ( parts.Any( IsNotValid ) ) return space; // 4. Recursively apply this algorithm to all parts for (part in parts) return obb_subdivide( part ); }
The first step is to fit an object aligned bounding box to the space. My approach to this is basic brute force; since the OBB must be aligned to one of the edges of the space, I simply generate every possibility (equal to the number of edges) and then pick the smallest one. Generating a box along an edge simply requires projecting all the points of the shape onto the axis so the total cost ends up being proportional to Edges * Points , which is equivalent to Edges ^ 2 . Normally it's best to avoid algorithms with an exponential cost but in this case it's ok - the number of edges in a space is unlikely to be high enough for this to become a problem.
Now that we have an OBB surrounding the space the second step is to split the space in half. This is done by cutting the shape along the shorter axis of the bounding box. There are multiple techniques to slice a 2D shape, I decided to come up with my own (based on the code I had available). My technique is based on generating the Delauney triangulation of the shape (using the Poly2Tri library). Slicing a triangle is trivial - you just need some careful handling for the slice line and triangle edge being perfectly co-linear. Once the triangles are sliced it's a simple matter of walking all the directed edges and reconstructing the result (I may do a more in depth post on this, if people are interested).
After slicing we have generated two new shapes and we can now apply the same algorithm again, recursively. The only thing left to establish is when to stop, i.e. the base case. My implementation supports four rules, as soon as any rule is violated by a child shape then recursion is stopped.
Area
The most obvious rule is the area rule. This sets a lower limit on the area any lot may be. Recursion stops if any slice line generates a lot below this limit.
Access
This rule governs things parcels have an edge connecting to. The initial edges of a space have “resources” attached to them (e.g. road access), recursion stops if any generated lot does not have access to a required resource.
Aspect Ratio
This rule governs the aspect ratio of a lot (length / width). This sets an upper limit of the aspect ratio of any lot. Recursion stops if any generated lot exceeds this limit.
Frontage
This is a specialisation of the access rule which measures how much access a lot has to a resource. This sets a lower limit on the length of edge next to a given resource, recursion stops is any lot of generated with smaller frontage.
All of these rules have a probability associated with them. This is the chance that recursion will not terminate even if the rule is violated - for example you could have a block setup like this:
- Area { Min: 100, Chance: 0 } - Frontage: { Min: 5, Chance: 0.25 } - AspectRatio { Max: 1.5, Chance: 0.25 } - AspectRatio { Max: 2.5, Chance: 0 }
In this example we have two hard rules which will not be violated (area and aspect ratio 2.5) as well as two rules with a 25% chance of violation (frontage and aspect ratio 1.5). Since the rules are evaluated for every new subdivision the chance of a large rule violation becomes increasingly unlikely with every slice (25%, 6.25%, 1.56%, 0.39% and so on).
Straight Skeleton Subdividing
As mentioned above I have not yet implemented this algorithm so I can't go into a lot of detail about the implementation.
Straight Skeleton Subdividing (SSS) is an approach to generate lots in one single step. It works only on long thin parcels - quality of the generated lots drops as the initial parcel approaches a square shape - it's best used for suburbs with long winding roads. The straight skeleton of a shape is a line which is what you'd end up with if you collapsed a shape (inwards) at an equal rate from all points. This is incredibly complicated to generate, in fact I gave up attempting to implement it myself in C# and ended up writing a C# wrapper around CGAL to access the methods I needed. Wikipedia puts the runtime cost at something like O(N^3 log N), which is pretty scary!
Once you have the straight skeleton, lots can be placed along the edges connecting between the external points and the skeleton. This leaves annoying triangles at the ends which need to be somehow detected and removed. Requiring this kind of heuristics is part of the reason I haven't implemented this yet.
What's Next?
In this post I've covered two algorithms for how to generate sensibly shaped building lots, as well as implementation details for one of them. Next time we'll look at the complex relationships which are tracked when deciding what buildings to place in each lot.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
An image of the event from the website of Bliss Ireland that has been branded lewd
PLANS to hold an erotic festival at the ancestral home of one of Ireland's best-known landed families have been branded obscene by one of its trustees.
Narrow Water Castle in Co Down is near the border close to where 18 British soldiers were killed by the IRA in one of the Troubles' bloodiest bombings in 1979.
A "sexual freedom" event including hot tubs, massage, rituals, performances and ceremonies is proposed for next month within the grand grounds overlooking Carlingford Lough.
Organisers Bliss Ireland said they hired the venue intending to promote sexual health and pleasure in mind, body and spirit and added any sex acts would be private.
The former lord lieutenant of Co Down and one of the venue's trustees, Sir William Hall, has voiced outrage at the prospect.
Sir William said: "Lewdness and lasciviousness will be the theme of this occasion."
Narrow Water has been in the Hall family since 1670. The current Elizabethan revival-style castle is made from local granite and was completed in 1836.
The name became infamous after 18 soldiers were blown up in two booby-trap bomb explosions on the road outside the property near Warrenpoint.
Now the castle is rented for events including weddings, parties and craft fairs.
According to the Bliss Festival website, ticket holders may be able to take part in panel discussions, workshops, rituals and ceremonies.
"Bliss Ireland has hired the castle...for the sole purposes of holding the festival."
The tenant for life at the Castle is Marcus Hall, nephew of Sir William. Marcus Hall has also made clear he has no personal involvement in the organisation or running of any event on the grounds. He has been involved in an unrelated legal dispute with Sir William and his lawyer over fees.
Sir William's solicitor Diane Coulter has written to the attorney general John Larkin QC, the PSNI and the Public Prosecution Service.
He said: "Sex toys will be on sale, talks will be given which may purport to be serious but the real object is the giving of sexual titillation and gratification to the participants in the festival.
"Nudity and acts of sexual intercourse will be prevalent."
According Sir William, organisers have said sex acts will be conducted in the privacy of a tent. Bliss Ireland's website said "hands on" work shops will be "relatively unobserved".
He claimed: "The notion that the people attending this festival will restrict their lewd behaviour to the privacy of tents and that there will be no abuse of alcohol or drugs is completely fanciful."
Ms Coulter claimed organisers were promoting what inevitably will be a sexual orgy.
She added: "Sir William is outraged that anyone should think that he would lower the name and dignity of the Hall Estate and family name which for centuries has had the highest standing.
"Most of the Hall family agree with Sir William and are extremely annoyed that this obscene festival should sully the Hall Estate and family name."
The Bliss Ireland website said they organised events that aim to foster and promote sexual freedom, health and pleasure in mind, body and spirit.
The organisation did not respond to requests for further comment.
Ukip councillor for the area Henry Reilly was among those contacted by Hall trustees.
He said: "It is not the sort of event we want our district to be associated with.
"We have been spending a lot on money on presenting the place as wholesome and family-orientated where people can enjoy a family holiday and something like this would not help the reputation."
Here's Dan's brilliantly illustrated second installment of the storyline. If you'd like to see more of Dan's work I recommend you check out his cyborg caveman epic (yes, that's right: CYBORG CAVEMAN) Thog Infinitron, and although it's not updating at the moment I strongly advise a browse through the archives of his other comic Anything Could Happen for some 5-star laffs.
And in other news, that master of photographic phoolery Chris Yates has just released his new book Set it to Awesome which looks like a cracking read. And on the subject of books, don't forget I still have plenty of copies of my own books for sale too. Fill those empty bookshelves now! - James
9 May 2008 Sign up for the amazing Beaver and Steve newsletter! Never miss out on IMPORTANT news again! E-mail: Beaver and Steve updates on Tuesdays and Fridays. Contact the author at
The draft gala to announce the draw for the quarter-finals of the inaugural World Boxing Super Series has been held in Monte Carlo.
Sixteen fighters, eight super-middleweights and eight cruiserweights, will take part in the big-money tournament.
The quarter-finals in each weight class are set to take place in September/October with the semi-finals being held early in 2018. The final of each will be held next May, with the winner receiving a trophy and being recognised as number one in their weight class.
The draft gala started with Chris Eubank Snr making a grand entrance and insisting his son, Chris Eubank Jnr will qualify for the tournament next week and go on to win.
In the draft itself, WBA champion George Groves was number one seed in the super-middleweight category and received first pick of opponent. He chose 2006 Commonwealth games light-welterweight gold medallist Jamie Cox.
Cox is unbeaten as a professional, but Groves gave reasons for his choice in an interview with iFL TV by saying:
“I went with my gut. “It's not an easy fight, but I don't think there is an easy fight. But, I think he's the easiest fight.”
Second seed in the same category is WBC silver champion Callum Smith, who turned down a WBC world title fight with Anthony Dirrell to take part in this tournament. He will fight unbeaten Swede Erik Skoglund, who's stepping down from light-heavyweight.
Smith admitted it was a “hard decision” to take part in this tournament, but explained his reasons to Sky Sports. The unbeaten Brit said:
“I think I finally got to a point where I was constantly talking about fights, but none of them were actually happening. “It just reached a point where I had enough and I needed to secure a fight date. I've been given one off the tournament and I know 100 per cent it will happen. “I spoke with my family, my brothers and they all agreed to go with the tournament and if I win that I come out as a world champion and my profile is a lot bigger and then the WBC, IBF, WBO – them titles will be all there to fight for. “I've chosen this route because I'm confident I'm the best fighter in it and I can win it overall.”
Eubank Jr has not yet qualified and will fight former two-weight world champion Arthur Abraham next Saturday. The winner earns a place and faces the daunting prospect of fighting unbeaten Avni Yildirim. The Turkish professional has won ten of his 16 fights by stoppage and is WBC mandatory challenger.
The final fight in the super-middleweight category is between Jurgen Braehmer and Rob Brant. Braehmer is the fourth seed and a former two-time light-heavyweight world champion, while Brant is unbeaten in 22 fights but steps up from middleweight.
In the cruiserweight division, number one seed and WBO titleholder Oleksandr Usyk will face former champion Marco Huck in what promises to be a fantastic showdown.
Unbeaten Usyk, the 2012 Olympic gold medal winner has won ten of his twelve professional fights by stoppage. Huck is the second longest reigning cruiserweight champ in history, having held the WBO title for six years between 2009 and 2015.
Next up, unbeaten WBC champion Mairis Briedis will take on Irish-based Cuban Mike Perez, who has two losses from 25 pro fights.
WBA champ Yunier Dorticos will fight WBC silver titleholder Dmitry Kudryashov. The final fight is between unbeaten IBF champ Murat Gassiev and mandatory challenger Krzysztof Wlodarczyk.
This tournament will pit the best against the best, and the WBC have officially announced the winner in each weight class will receive their diamond championship. WBC president Mauricio Sulaiman said:
“There will be no easy fight and whoever wins will clearly be recognised as one of the most extraordinary and elite boxer in the sport. Hence, we are proud to put the WBC Diamond Championship on the line, which marks the biggest honour the WBC can grant.”
Peter Reynolds, Pundit Arena
"The government of Canada has assured the United States it will complete the last phase of a coordinated entry and exit information system so the record of land and air entries into one country establishes an exit record from the other," the statement from the two leaders reads.
"Today, we agreed to share more information — including with respect to our no-fly lists and full implementation of our entry/exit system — even as we uphold the privacy and civil liberties of our respective citizens," President Barack Obama said in a joint press conference with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in the White House Rose Garden.
The announcement came as a sidenote to the climate change strategy announced by the two leaders, with fanfare, in DC on Thursday.
Buried under the niceties of a rekindled Canadian-American relationship was the quiet resolution of a long-standing dispute between Ottawa and Washington. An agreement that, dependant on the fine print, could break down a wall between the two countries, allowing for a whole new world of data collection and information analysis on citizens from both countries.
Read more
Buried under the niceties of a rekindled Canadian-American relationship was the quiet resolution of a long-standing dispute between Ottawa and Washington. An agreement that, dependant on the fine print, could break down a wall between the two countries, allowing for a whole new world of data collection and information analysis on citizens from both countries.
The announcement came as a sidenote to the climate change strategy announced by the two leaders, with fanfare, in DC on Thursday.
"Today, we agreed to share more information — including with respect to our no-fly lists and full implementation of our entry/exit system — even as we uphold the privacy and civil liberties of our respective citizens," President Barack Obama said in a joint press conference with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in the White House Rose Garden.
A joint statement added some detail to Obama's statement.
"The government of Canada has assured the United States it will complete the last phase of a coordinated entry and exit information system so the record of land and air entries into one country establishes an exit record from the other," the statement from the two leaders reads.
Obama framed the deal around stemming the flow of foreign fighters between the two countries — even though evidence for that supposed trend appears to be non-existent — but the effects of the deal could impact the privacy rights of all cross-border shoppers, tourists, and anyone else who crosses the world's largest land border.
"Mr. Harper insisted that Canadian agencies not be able to access this new information about Canadians leaving Canada unless there were already an open investigation into that person."
The entry/exit deal dates back to the 2011 'Beyond the Border' plan to boost security and reduce trade restrictions between the two countries, although it originated in a recommendation from the 9/11 Commission, which called for more information-sharing on border-crossers between the two countries — even though none of the hijackers crossed into America from Canada, as has been frequently reported.
The 2011 plan commits the two countries to "establish coordinated entry and exit systems at the common land border" and "exchange biographical information on the entry of travelers, including citizens, permanent residents, and third country nationals" whenever they cross one country into the other.
But that part of the plan never came into force, at least not as envisioned. Canada began sharing information with its American counterparts on all third-country nationals — border-crossers who were neither American nor Canadian — but never began doing so for its own citizens, even though it committed to start in June 2014.
If it had been adopted, it would mean that Canadian border agents would transmit information when Americans enter Canada back to American border guards, and vice versa for Canadians. It would give both governments a clearer picture of who is crossing the border to shop, who is overstaying their visa, and where holes in the security apparatus exist.
Most significantly, it would create a new source of traffic into the databases that American analysts use to track and analyze threats, and which they use as the basis for everything from establishing more extensive online surveillance to adding names to the no-fly list.
But government memos obtained last year suggest that Canada wants to use the system to track those who are receiving government benefits in Canada, even though they're in the United States.
The program was shot down by an unlikely source — then Prime Minister Stephen Harper.
Howard Anglin, who served as deputy chief of staff to the prime minister prior to his party's defeat in 2015 told VICE News that Harper "insisted that security agencies already have a good reason to suspect an individual — of flying overseas to join ISIS, of plotting here at home, or of more routine criminality — before information could be accessed under appropriate protocols."
"A program on such a scale would constitute a major shift in the dynamics of our current data-sharing regime."
While Harper may have been the scourge of most privacy advocates, as his government regularly introduced legislation that allowed for ever-more expansive data collection and surveillance, Anglin said when it came to approving plans like the Beyond the Border deal, Harper balked. "Mr. Harper was always crystal clear on this distinction — he did not believe the routine mining of data or meta-data to identify new threats was justifiable or explicable to Canadians."
Those privacy-mindful directives were certainly at odds with Harper's legislative agenda, which included legislation that allow for wide-scale metadata collection and analysis — although that legislation was later iced, after a public outcry. Either way, Anglin said Harper was adamant.
"When it came to implementing the agreement to Canadian citizens...Mr. Harper insisted that Canadian agencies not be able to access this new information about Canadians leaving Canada unless there were already an open investigation into that person," Anglin said.
Anglin said the devil of this deal will ultimately be in the details, and that it will be up to both sides to put safeguards and walls around the data being shared, so as to ensure that either side can't mine the personal information or retain it for long periods of time.
The privacy commissioner at the time, Jennifer Stoddart, also had grave concerns about the Beyond the Border plan and the sharing of entry and exit data.
"A decade ago, we needed to show customs agents a birth certificate and photo ID. Today, our passports are scanned, our image is captured by surveillance cameras; we are checked against watch lists and police records; our laptop or smart-phone may be searched; and the agent may even Google us to see what pops up," she said in a 2011 blog post, adding her office was concerned about the sharing of biometric data, warning that "when collected indiscriminately and stored in networked databases, we draw ever closer to the bleak reality of a 'surveillance society.'"
Stoddart wrote in one position paper that "a program on such a scale would constitute a major shift in the dynamics of our current data-sharing regime."
As the Trudeau administration notes, other countries do have entry/exit information-sharing systems. Notably, the European Union shares passport data as its citizens move throughout its member states — but as the privacy commissioner notes, there are significant privacy protections embedded into that system.
Stoddart recommended that, should Ottawa sign up for an information-sharing program for its border-crossers, it should model it after the European Union's program. She warned that emulating how the Americans have crafted data collection at the border, however, could be problematic.
"Unlike the European model, which only collects photographs and only provides limited access to domestic law enforcement agencies," Stoddart wrote, the American system links to a much wider database.
"Even risk assessment in these segmented systems is beginning to converge. Being flagged as a threat within [the US Interagency Border Inspection System] (IBIS), for example, may result in individuals being added to the US 'No Fly' list. In addition, IBIS interfaces with the FBI's National Crime Information Center (NCIC), state police forces, the National Law Enforcement Telecommunications Systems (NLETS), as well as 20 other agencies including Interpol, the Internal Revenue Service and Secret Service."
The privacy commissioner wrote that "both citizens and visitors to the US and Canada must be fully informed of the programs' stated purposes, the extent of their application and use of personal information and who individuals personal information will be properly protected."
A spokesperson for Public Safety Canada, a federal agency, didn't offer specific details on the plan itself, but did say that the new changes will be seen "in the coming months" and that changes to the law will "provide authorities to the Canada Border Services Agency to collect exit information on all travellers, including Canadians, to be obtained from the US for all travellers departing Canada by land, and from airlines for flights departing from Canada," the spokesperson said in an email, although he emphasized "Canada will not systematically share air exit information with the US."
The spokesperson said that the government will be consulting with the privacy commissioner before they introduce the changes, and that it has Canadians' civil liberties in mind.
The timing of the entry/exit announcement appears opportune for Obama, as he prepares his legacy in his final months.
"I think the president would like to see [entry/exit] as a tick off the box for his Beyond the Border program, which he started," said Laura Dawson, Director of the Canada Institute at the Wilson Center, at an event on the state of the American-Canadian relationship hosted in Washington last week.
But the deal appeared to elude both leaders prior to the D.C. summit. A leak to the Canadian Press in early March suggested the agreement had been put off, as the two countries couldn't figure out how to deal with oversight for the armed border guards who could be given a more substantial role in policing the border under other parts of the Beyond the Border pact.
But the deal got done, and Canada did get something in return — the joint statement reads that the two countries have "jointly developed protocols to exchange information on those who present a clear threat, including exchanging our respective 'No-Fly' lists, with appropriate protections for the handling and dissemination of such information and processes to correct inaccurate information."
A number of Canadians have found themselves mistakenly on one of the two countries' no-fly lists, including toddlers. The commitment to making sure that those lists have the correct information appears to be designed to address those snafus.
The body tasked with double-checking those lists will be dubbed the Canada-US Redress Working Group and will, within the next two months, be able to "facilitate redress and recourse applications, increase transparency, and expedite the processing of complaints related to cross-border air travel."
On September 2nd, atop the 'OGN eStadium', 'Samsung Galaxy' took down 'kt Rolster' with a score of 3-0 in the Finals of the regional qualifiers. Even after giving up three inhibitors in game 3, SSG managed to pull off a perfect defense, leading them to win regardless.
The following is an interview done with SSG's head coach, Edgar.
You've now qualified for Worlds - two years in a row. How do you feel?
I'm extremely happy. I used to always tell my players that they aren't doing their best. When we became the no.1 team in the LCK standings, we started slacking a little bit... but we got to our senses and focused doing what we did best, and in turn, we qualified for Worlds. Our subs are also great players, and I think our starting players began playing at their best in order to not fall behind them.
During the Summer Split, when was the hardest time for the team?
If you look back into the regular Split, there was not a single game that we won convincingly. Even when we were the no.1 team in the LCK standings, our scrim results were bad. That's why I think we were in a bit of a slump during that time. It was especially prominent after our series against 'Team MVP'. The reason we are called a "top" team is that we make little mistakes when playing against the bottom teams... but we weren't able to live up to our name this Split.
How was the team during the qualifiers?
Even during our series against 'Afreeca Freecs', when they were ahead of us during some of the games, I knew for a fact that we were the better team. For our series against KT and Afreeca, I knew that we'd win as long as we take the 1st set.
In the World Championship, only six players are allowed to enter. Who will be SSG's sixth man?
I want to first thank all the sub players that we have. Haru filled in for Ambition when he was in a slump, and the two botlane subs are also great players. I'm still thinking about who to bring.
You've defeated KT in the regional qualifiers two times - two years in a row. How?
People would think normal for us to lose against KT - especially since last year, our Split record against them was 0-19. That's why we played without feeling too much pressure because we weren't worried about losing.
This year, we reverse swept Afreeca... I think it was due to our team getting on the right track.
Any final words regarding Worlds?
I want my players to maintain their current mindset for as long as possible. During the recent week, they really practiced at their best. If we keep this on, it's possible for us to leave Worlds with even better results.
Lastly, I want to thank all my players and staffs for everything that they have done this Split. I hope everyone maintains this momentum for Worlds and make good results. I also want to thank all our fans for their constant support.
Oregon State coach Mike Riley said he was self-conscious about having an Oregon state police escort at home and away football games – was he really that important? – but he became a believer after the Beavers knocked off No. 1-ranked USC in 2008.
Delirious fans at Reser Stadium stormed the field so quickly, surrounding Riley and many of his players, he wasn't sure if there were any escape routes to the locker room.
The State troopers charged with protecting Riley and his team did their job. Coaches and players survived the mass celebration with nothing more than a few bumps and bruises.
“One of the only games where I actually got nervous (about the crowd),'' said Riley as No. 15 OSU prepared for its Dec. 29 Alamo Bowl game against Texas.
“I was trying to find Pete Carroll, and there was no way. Those (troopers) just cleared the crowd and we got off. I don't know if we could have done it without them. I never got to Pete. Never found him. That one was scary.''
There is a strong Oregon State Police presence on campus that patrols the University area 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and part of the agreement with OSU is to have troopers work the home football games and provide security on the road.
They ride the team plane, stay in the team hotel, and make bed checks on the players.
“Interesting deal,'' said Riley. “The guys that are with us a lot just become part of the group.''
Two of the more familiar officers who are often close by the team are former Cal-Berkeley swimmer Sgt. Vonn Schleicher and senior trooper Orly Johnson, a former Oregon State wrestler who has been around Mike Riley and the Beavers since 2006.
Riley said he was glad he had Schleicher and Johnson flanking him at CenturyLink Field earlier this season after Washington upset then-No. 7 Oregon State 20-17.
“That was the other time I was nervous,'' said Riley. “I was worried because we were just trying to get through the tunnel and here these people were coming right in our face. I saw a couple near-misses with our players but I never got (scared) because these guys were with me.''
Schleicher remembers the game, and said Huskies fans, “did start to storm the field. We like to run alongside coach Riley and let him do his handshake before we trot off the field but in this case there were too many people running around us. I had a hold of Riley's left arm and Johnson had his right arm. We weren't going to let go.''
Riley said, “it was a strange feeling for a long time'' to have a State trooper on each arm, but he's used to it now.
Schleicher and Johnson are Riley's main guys. Schleicher is the field supervisor at home games. Johnson is the gregarious state trooper everyone around the program simply calls “OJ.''
“They have been assigned for several years to closely monitor OSU coach Mike Riley, his staff, and the student athletes,'' said Lt. Gregg Hastings, public information officer for the Oregon State Police.
Don't get the wrong idea. Schleicher and Johnson are real-life cops, too.
“Their work with the athletic department is in addition to their other OSP assignments,'' said Hastings.
When Oregon State was suffering through 28 years of losing football, there wasn't much need for crowd control at home games. And on the road, OSU football coaches didn't have their own security detail.
All of that has changed. The world has changed. “We know the majority of the fans are great fans, but there's that element of unknown,'' said Schleicher, “individuals that may wish to do harm or have ill intentions. We want to be able to help protect coach Riley and the student athletes.''
Schleicher said escorting the head coach on and off the field is just a small part of the assignment. “One of the things we're expected to do is develop relationships with the student-athletes, let them see law enforcement in a positive light,'' he said.
“For some of these student-athletes, their (previous) involvement with law enforcement was a negative experience. What everyone sees is us running alongside coach Riley, but there's more (to what they do).''
Riley said, “these guys get to know our players a little bit, and they give some pretty darn good mentoring advice. It's awfully nice to have them there for that. … it's one more piece of the puzzle that we can surround our team with.''
Schleicher said Johnson, “has the unique ability to strike up a conversation with just about anybody.''
And most of the time, the players listen. “We want them to take a moment and think about doing the right thing because they remember talking with senior trooper Johnson or Sgt. Schleicher,'' said Schleicher.
“We want them to recognize that they're in the spotlight and their actions are not only going to be scrutinized by their University peers but also the media. Our hope is to hopefully intervene and put them on the right track before they make a bad decision.''
Few teams go through an entire season without something untoward happening off the field.
When Oregon State football players get in trouble – three players were jailed on assault and disorderly conduct charges earlier this month – Schleicher and Johnson feel badly but they also have to play the role of law enforcement officers.
“You do get disappointed,'' said Schleicher. “You ask yourself, is there something that could have been done to connect better with those players? At the same time, we need to always understand our primary role.''
Riley realizes they are police officers first. “We don't expect any favors,'' he said. “When kids get in trouble, we expect our guys to receive the consequences they deserve if something happens. I always know I can get good, accurate information (in those situations) from Vonn and OJ. They're very professional and handle it in a first-class way.''
In four-plus years of being around Riley and the team, Schleicher knows that “the players hold coach Riley in very high regard. They have a lot of respect for him, and they don't want to disappoint him.''
Schleicher said he feels a strong connection to the players on game day, “when folks are down to business. Everyone is focused on their assignment and their responsibilities (the troopers included) and I tell you, the handshakes, the fist-bumps, the looks in their eyes, everybody knows (it's game day). The majority of the players pass us right before they take the field. Coach Riley is one of the last ones to come on.''
Riley, deep in pre-game thought, walks through the locker room “and all of a sudden I notice I've got two guys walking right with me. They know when I'm coming out.''
At home, once the game is played and Riley is safely back in the Valley Center, the State troopers' job is done.
Not so much on the road. “On the away games, we're pretty much on alert until the team gets back to Corvallis,'' said Schleicher.
Fans can get crazy, and do crazy things, especially if they have been drinking. But Schleicher says no one has ever messed with him, or grabbed at his weapon.
“That uniform down on the field is fairly imposing,'' he said. “But do we train and anticipate for something like that? Absolutely.''
The state troopers are ready for anything.
“I'm glad they're with us,'' said Riley.
Writing on body image and his experiences of attitudes within the gay community, Liam Hackett asks whether he is too skinny to get a boyfriend.
It seems that within the gay community, we are going through an identity crisis. A crisis whereby if your physical appearance and/or mannerisms don't match what you see on the front cover of a gay magazine then you're cast to the side in favour of a gym bunny fresh from the free weights.
I don't know if it's a recent thing, or if it's just something that starts to strike as you creep further up in your twenties, but quite frankly – it stinks. We're objectifying each other on the basis of what gay culture and media tells us what is attractive. In the past 2 weeks alone, I've had different guys tell me that I'm either too skinny, too tall, not masculine enough or would just look better with a bit more muscle on me.
Without sounding precious about it all, I'm wondering about the kind of impact it is having on my esteem. Not just my own esteem, but also the guys who don't have the time OR desire to spend every spare moment pushing weights in the gym, or the guys who don't fit into the heteronormative “straight acting” internalised homo-hate that the entire effing community has on a pedestal. Have we lost our minds?! Are we really that superficial that a guy is cast off because there's one characteristic about him that you don't like?
The guy you just swiped left to because he has a mole on his face or isn't stacked enough for you, could be the future father of your children, he could have the most beautiful eyes and the most wicked sense of humour but you just blew it by casting your focus on his physical appearance. I'm not defaulting to that age-old “appearance or personality debate”; this is far more intricate. I'm not talking about somebody just generally not being your type, I'm talking about the tendency our community has to cast somebody off in favour of another because of a tiny, insignificant detail about them. Who cares if the guy has a mole? Who cares if he works in fashion in lieu of what is perceived to be a “manly” job? And who cares if he wears a size small t-shirt?
Our “community” needs a wake-up call. And fast.
Liam Hackett is the founder and CEO of anti-bullying charity Ditch The Label, and the founder and managing director of Hackett and Tiger.
This article originally appeared on Liam's personal Tumblr page here.
[Editor's Note: Please welcome Nick Ashbourne to Beyond the Box Score! This is his first article for the site.]
When Voros McCracken opened the gargantuan can of worms that was "Defense Independent Pitching Statistics," or "DIPS" -- it really changed the way we think about pitchers. Recent lucrative free agent contracts given out to pitchers like Tim Lincecum and Ricky Nolasco are a testament to the fact that some front offices believe that fielding independent numbers are a greater indicator of value than traditional numbers like ERA. After all, in these two cases the Giants and Twins invested tens of millions of dollars into pitchers who have been below-average when it comes to run prevention.
According to Baseball-Reference's version of pitching WAR, Nolasco and Lincecum have been worth a combined -0.5 WAR over the last two seasons despite pitching a total of 774 innings. On the strength of that work they will bring in a total of $84 million on their new contracts. On the flip side of the coin, Fangraphs uses a Fielding Independent Pitching (FIP)-based version of WAR that states that this duo has been worth eight WAR over that aforementioned time span. You either have the option to believe that Nolasco and Lincecum have been solid starters of late or that they have been among the worst pitchers in the business. The truth probably lies somewhere in between.
As a result of the explosion of DIPS theory, analysts often compare a pitcher's run prevention with his peripherals in order to try and pinpoint exactly where his value lies. In general, over long periods of time ERA and FIP tend to be pretty close -- but there are a few examples of a massive disparity between the two that can leave sabermetricians scratching their heads.
For a long time, Ricky Nolasco was something of mystery. It was always assumed that his ERA would eventually come in line with his peripherals as his luck evened out, but it never did. Even in 2013 when he finally posted an ERA under four -- at 3.71 -- his FIP was a much stronger 3.34. Brandon Morrow was also a guy whose ERA never came close to touching his FIP for years, until 2012 when that trend was completely reversed. It's almost impossible to know what to make of Morrow going forward.
For every story about a pitcher's ERA lagging behind his FIP, there is one about a pitcher who continues to succeed despite less than stellar fielding independent numbers. Perhaps the most famous two examples of this phenomenon are Matt Cain and Jered Weaver. Both pitchers have prevented runs like aces with underlying numbers that are far less flattering -- though not miserable by any means. While pitchers are not considered to have much control over their BABIP, this duo has conceded BABIPs of .264 and .271 respectively. One of the most consistent explanations for that are Weaver and Cain's ability to force popups and harmless fly balls that are incredibly unlikely to result in hits.
Whenever this is a discrepancy there will be attempts to explain it. In theory, FIP operates as a reasonable ERA predictor over the large sample. Explanations for disparities between ERA and FIP include but are not limited to: struggles out of the stretch, the ability to force popups, pitch sequencing, and many more possibilities. Today, I figured I would examine another possible factor in the gap between ERA and FIP that is less frequently discussed: controlling the running game.
Who deserves credit for throwing out baserunners? Max Weinstein delves into assigning blame / credit for controlling the running game.
It's very difficult to determine the precise culpability of any given stolen base. Catchers are the face of defense against the running game, but pitchers also play an immensely important role. First base coaches wouldn't have stopwatches if it didn't matter how long it took pitchers to get the ball to the plate. Over time it becomes fairly clear that holding runners is a skill that some pitchers have and others do not. Although it's hard for us to measure precisely due to the participation of another player (the catcher), it's there.
The easiest examples to conceptualize are found on the extremes. For example, in 2007 A.J. Burnett allowed 31 stolen bases and there was not a single runner caught stealing while he pitched. Although the Blue Jays' catchers, -- led by the noodle-armed Gregg Zaun -- were not very good at gunning runners out they managed to catch 23.3% of basestealers when Burnett wasn't on the mound. It's pretty clear that at least some of the blame goes to Burnett. On the other extreme, Reds starter Johny Cueto has only allowed 16 runners to successfully steal against him in 964.2 career innings pitched with 30 runners caught stealing. He's had the luxury of an excellent defensive catcher in Ryan Hanigan for many of those starts but that alone doesn't explain how completely he is shutting down opposing baserunners.
If we accept the premise that preventing stolen bases is a skill for pitcher, albeit one that is impossible to isolate and measure perfectly, then it is worth examining how it affects their total production. Controlling the running game is exactly the sort of thing that ERA accounts for but FIP does not. To be fair, considering that FIP is comprised of only the factors of walks, strikeouts and home runs, then there are a lot of things it doesn't account for. Stolen bases against is a pretty minor one of those things -- but one that is overlooked in my view.
In order to see if stolen bases against had anything with the relationship between ERA and FIP I looked at every pitcher who had pitched 750+ innings over the last five years and sorted them by how many stolen bases they allowed per nine innings. I wanted to use a longer time frame to help ensure that I was demonstrating pitchers' actual ability to hold runners, given that a single year sample can be fairly volatile. My search resulted in a sample of 58 pitchers. Instead of laying a table with 58 rows on you instead I'm going to show you the top and bottom quarters in terms of stolen base prevention. A quarter of 58 is actually 14.5 but I figured instead of cutting someone in half for so trivial a study, I would stick to 14 pitchers for the top and bottom quarters. Without further ado, here are the top 14 pitchers in stolen base prevention over the last five years:
This chart is a bit all over the place, but at the end of the day nine out of the fourteen pitchers here have ERAs below their FIP. The average pitcher on this list has an ERA 0.19 below their FIP -- which is interesting. Also interesting is the fact that there are only three left-handed pitchers here, when left-handed pitchers often are thought to be superior at preventing stolen bases. Johnny Cueto is in his own league in this area, and although he has had good defensive catchers, allowing nine stolen bases over five years is quite the feat.
When we look at the pitchers that have allowed the most stolen bases the effect appears it be weaker, but not quite nonexistent:
Here the ERAs do tend to be higher than the FIPs -- as one would predict -- but not to a great extent. The average ERA here is only 0.06 higher than the average FIP, although nine of the fourteen pitchers are underperforming their peripherals. Trevor Cahill and Ervin Santana really do shake up the numbers here with much better ERAs than FIPs. Once again we have a pitcher who is head and shoulders above the rest, this time for all the wrong reasons, in A.J. Burnett. It's worth nothing there are a couple of lefties here, showing that handedness might be less of a factor in holding runners than one might have thought. To sum all of this up the totals are in the chart below. To be crystal clear when I say "Top 14 pitchers in SB/9" I mean those with the lowest numbers:
Section of the Sample % with an ERA lower than FIP Avg. difference between ERA and FIP Top 14 Pitchers in SB/9 64.3% -0.19 Top Half of Pitchers in SB/9 62.1% -0.11* Bottom Half of Pitchers in SB/9 31% +0.08 Bottom 14 Pitchers in SB/9 35.7% +0.06
* - This would be -0.14 if the mysterious Ricky Nolasco wasn't in this section.
Ultimately, allowing stolen bases is one of the smallest things about being a pitcher, but we are in an era where the smallest things get thoroughly examined. I wouldn't begin to claim that stolen bases account for all of the gap between ERA and FIP in the pitchers listed above -- but it does appear that could be a factor.
In theory, FIP is supposed to be a better estimator than ERA when it comes to assessing a pitcher's value -- partially because it only judges the elements that a pitcher can personally control. However, stolen bases against is within the pitchers control, to a degree. It is a skill, even if it is very difficult to quantify in a precise manner. SB/9 is an area where there isn't much difference between a lot of pitchers in the middle, but there is a huge difference at the extremes. Johnny Cueto is almost impossible to run on and FIP is never going to give him credit for that. Conversely, A.J. Burnett gives away bases willy-nilly -- it's hard to classify something that occurs 1.326 times per nine innings as willy-nilly but you take my meaning -- and FIP won't punish him for it even though it is largely his fault.
Pitchers are very difficult to evaluate and FIP and all DIPS are immensely valuable, but there are tiny things that can slip through the cracks. That's fair; FIP doesn't claim to be perfect. However, the more of these tiny things we can collect and examine the easier it will be to understand the dichotomy between pitcher performance and run prevention. Time will tell how the contracts to guy like Nolasco and Lincecum will turn out, but those front offices probably think they have figured out the answer as to why these guys were under-performing based on their FIP. Their confidence is measured in the millions of dollars they committed to a pair of guys who have struggled with run prevention in recent years. I admire that confidence, but based on all the factors that go into the difference between ERA and FIP, I'm not sure anyone has that answer completely nailed down just yet.
. . .
All statistics courtesy of FanGraphs and Baseball-Reference.
Nick Ashbourne is a contributor for Beyond the Box Score. You can follow him on Twitter at @Nick_Ashbourne.
PM refuses to be drawn on earlier remarks that Britons would be ‘united against' US Republican, or on his rightwing policies
David Cameron has congratulated Donald Trump for completing the “extraordinary marathon” of securing the Republican presidential nomination in the US primaries – but stopped short of commenting on the candidate's rightwing politics.
The prime minister said the decision would make the presidential contest, which is likely to pitch Trump against Hillary Clinton, a “very interesting election for us all to watch”.
Asked whether he was prepared to congratulate Trump, Cameron said: “I would congratulate anybody who can get through those marathon processes for leading one of the two great political parties in the United States of America. It is an extraordinary marathon.”
He would not be drawn on his previous comment that a Trump visit to the UK “would unite us all against him”. Instead, Cameron said he would be willing to meet Trump if he came to the UK.
The prime minister said he would not “get involved” in the election by giving any additional views on Trump. He has recently stood by his claim that a proposal by Trump to ban Muslims from entering the US was dangerous and divisive.
But after it was confirmed Trump has the support of enough delegates to run, Cameron said that the American process eclipsed the scale of campaigns he has run in Britain.
”When I think of the campaign I held in 2005, touring the UK to become leader of the Conservative party it was pretty exhausting – but it is a small campaign compared to the vast nature of what these candidates have been through. So anyone who gets through that gets my congratulations.”
Despite his earlier comments about Trump, the prime minister said he believed a strong relationship would endure. “I believe the special relationship will work whoever is in whichever jobs in the UK or in the US,” he said. “It's a shared interest about values and about security and prosperity in our world.”
Clinton archnemesis Ken Starr turns his sights on Trump in a new op-ed “One of the most outrageous — and profoundly misguided — courses of presidential conduct I have witnessed in five decades in and around the nation's capital,” Starr writes of Trump's tweets.
Former US Solicitor General Kenneth Starr — who served as the independent counsel in the Clinton administration during the Whitewater and Monica Lewinsky investigations — wrote an op-ed for the Washington Post Wednesday in which he urged President Donald Trump to “stop the wildly inappropriate attacks on the attorney general.”
As Vox's Andrew Prokop explains, the feud between Trump and his attorney general, Jeff Sessions, is much more than colleagues butting heads — it's reportedly part of a larger effort by Trump's team to exert more political control over the Justice Department in an effort to shut down special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into ties between Trump's associates and the Kremlin. Trump has been tweeting his dissatisfaction with Sessions, both for recusing himself from the investigation and for taking “a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes.”
As the feud has raged on, many have come out in defense of Sessions, but Ken Starr's op-ed was unexpected. In it, Starr describes Sessions as “[Trump's] piñata in one of the most outrageous — and profoundly misguided — courses of presidential conduct I have witnessed in five decades in and around the nation's capital.”
Starr is known for his explosive 1998 report, which attempted to outline a case for the impeachment of President Bill Clinton by detailing his sexual relationship with Monica Lewinsky. In 2010, NPR's Terry Gross interviewed Ken Gormley, author of Clinton vs. Starr, in a segment looking back at the significance of the investigations. Gormley tells Gross, “It's an event that almost every American remembers and had strong opinions about — like the assassination or the removal of Nixon." Indeed, many still think of Starr as a tenacious, highly-partisan investigator known for, as Gormley says, ushering in “the beginning of the sharp division of red and blue.”
So when Starr took to the pages of the Washington Post to admonish Trump for publicly criticizing Sessions — in particular because Sessions is not opening investigations into Trump's political opponents — it raised a few eyebrows.
Of the expectations that President Trump and his administration have put on Sessions, and on the role itself, Starr writes:
The attorney general is not — and cannot be — the president's “hockey goalie,” as new White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci described Sessions's job. In fact, the president isn't even his client. To the contrary, the attorney general's client is ultimately “We the People,” and his fidelity has to be not to the president but to the Constitution and other laws of the United States. Indeed, the attorney general's job, at times, is to tell the president “no” because of the supervening demands of the law. When it comes to dealing with the nation's top legal officer, you will do well to check your Twitter weapons at the Oval Office door.
On the topic of recusal, he explains why this is necessary:
As a member of the president's Cabinet, the attorney general needs to be a loyal member of the president's team, yet at the same time he must have the personal integrity and courage to tell the president what the law demands — and what the law will not permit. That's especially true with respect to enforcing the nation's criminal laws, and why — rightly — the attorney general needs to step aside on matters where his own independence of judgment has potentially been compromised.
Specifically on the complicated topic of the idea of the attorney general's loyalty, he writes:
How to manage the paradox — loyalty to the president leavened by rock-ribbed integrity of judgment? It comes down to courage on the part of the attorney general and a willingness by the president to listen respectfully to what he may well not want to hear.
Starr goes so far as to warn the president directly: “What you are doing is harmful to your presidency and inimical to our foundational commitment as a free people to the rule of law.”
AUSTIN, Texas – Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein made a campaign stop in Austin on Monday as part of her Texas tour.
"Most people only know about two choices,” said Stein. “There are actually four choices in this election."
At two community forums on disability, Stein spoke in favor of student-loan debt forgiveness, a $15-an-hour national minimum wage, and getting money out of politics.
She also touted what she called the "Green New Deal" program.
"This emergency jobs program also solves the emergency of climate change and it creates jobs in the field of renewable energy," said Stein.
Stein said the country owes reparations to Native Americans for taking their land and to African Americans for slavery.
The third party candidate is polling at one percent of the vote among registered voters in Texas, according to a recent poll released by the University of Houston.
The U.S. military this week has been playing host to 13 vendors invited to the Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center in Twentynine Palms, Calif., to demonstrate cutting edge clean technologies that can quickly be developed and deployed to help soldiers on the ground in spots like Afghanistan.
This is the third ExFOB event the military has held. (What's ExFOB? It's military-speak for Experimental Forward Operating Base – newfangled ways to safely stage soldiers at the front lines.) Previous ExFOBs resulted in the Marine Corps gaining new tools for reducing fuel and water demand on the battlefield. As we've reported, moving these vital supplies is one of the most dangerous operations for the military and contractors. Now ExFOB 2011 has turned the focus toward two main areas: concentrated solar harvesting technology and tactical vehicle fuel efficiency.
As outlined in a Federal Business Opportunities posting, in the solar category the military was seeking concentrated harvesting systems such as lens-focused photovoltaics and solar thermal dishes powering Sterling engines, as well as concentrated passive solar water heating systems. On fuel efficiency, it wanted ways to improve fuel efficiency for tactical vehicles while idling or static, including bolt-on auxiliary power units and better engine or power train efficiencies, along with “other automotive technologies such as cold and hot weather idle free solutions for vehicle climate control, reduction of parasitic loads, or any other automotive solutions designed to improve vehicle fuel efficiency.”
Cogenera Solar was one of the companies that put out word about its involvement in ExFOB 2011.” The military is interested in Cogenra's technology as a means to most rapidly and effectively enhance the self-sufficiency of FOBs roughly the size of a Marine Corps Company (approximately 200 Marines) by utilizing the sun to produce both power and hot water at remote locations,” the company said.
NEST Energy Systems and International Battery were two more vendors at ExFOB, joining forces to demonstrate a system they said reduces fuel consumption in medium tactical vehicle replacement (MTVR) trucks – which use excessive idling as a means of generating electrical energy – by 75 percent. The companies said MTVRs are “frequently used to provide peak (2.5 kilowatts) power for ground-based systems, such as radios, laptops, blue-force trackers, etc.” For the demonstration, the system was to be paired with a 430-watt portable solar panel to charge the unit.
Raw video of the event going on this week can be seen below, courtesy of this CNN iReport:
James Wisniewski has returned to North America after having signed a standard player contract with the AHL's Chicago Wolves.
"We are excited to have James as part of the Wolves organization," said general manager Wendell Young. "He brings a wealth of experience and skill to our team. He will be a great enhancement for an already outstanding group."
The 32-year-old began this season playing for the KHL's Vladivostok Admirals after being released from a pro tryout with the Tampa Bay Lightning back in training camp. In 16 games in Russia, Wisniewski scored one goal and added three assists.
The Wolves serve as the minor-league affiliate for the St. Louis Blues, but the contract is AHL only. An impressive showing could lead Wisniewski back to the NHL at some point, however.
Wisniewski previously appeared in 552 NHL games, recording 53 goals and 221 assists for 274 points with Anaheim, Carolina, Chicago, Columbus, Montreal and the New York Islanders.
The recent death of a teenager working as a ‘zebra' road safety helper shines a spotlight on what has otherwise been a success story of how at-risk youth can transform a city
On a freezing, brilliantly sunny day, Karen Huaylluco is trotting along an intersection on the busiest street in downtown La Paz, wearing a striped suit and plush zebra mask. Waving her hooves, she ushers people along the black-and-white pedestrian crossing, rejoicing when they wait for green and clutching her head in agony when an errant soul sprints across oncoming traffic. Her work earns many smiles from harried commuters.
“A zebra is love, a zebra is humility, it's respect,” says Huaylluco, 24, a soft-spoken young woman who cares for her three younger sisters while her parents work in neighbouring Chile. “We learned all that here, and we take it with us and will be this way wherever we go.”
Huaylluco began the programme four years ago and is now a “zebra administrator”. Any morning during rush hour in La Paz, you will find her and a herd of zebras capering down the sidewalk, calling out buenos días and stopping to hug children.
La Paz has experienced a dramatic population increase in recent decades as people relocate from rural areas, and an even bigger spike in the number of cars that cruise its narrow, colonial-era streets. The people and cars are a chaotic, sometimes dangerous mix, so in 2001 the city government created the zebras to educate pedestrians and drivers on sharing the road.
The programme was such a success that two other cities set up programmes. It was in one of those, Tarija, that the dangers of Bolivian roads were brought home last week when a 17-year-old girl working as a zebra was killed. According to press reports she was hit by a truck; the driver, suspected of drink driving, was arrested.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A ‘zebra' helps a young girl cross the road. The programme has expanded to cover recycling, water conservation and bullying.
For the campaign, Zebras were selected because in Spanish, as in British English, a striped crosswalk is known as a paso de cebra, or zebra crossing. The programme gradually took on its current mission, to provide a space of friendship and learning for at-risk youth.
At first, two people were meant to squeeze into a four-footed zebra suit, which led to some awkward situations on the road. Now just one occupies a two-footed suit. But it's not just the zebra's costumes that evolved over time: their numbers have grown from 24 to more than 200, and they have become an important part of La Paz's Office of Citizen Culture, which also helped launch the scheme in two more Bolivian cities.
The scope of the zebra's work also expanded: from the original platform of crosswalks and traffic lights, they now lead educational programmes in schools and public spaces on themes such as recycling, water conservation and bullying. The zebras also recently began a partnership with the UK government's international citizen service scheme to develop noise pollution reduction initiatives for classrooms and parks across the city.
“Citizen education sets the idea that you can practice citizenship,” says Mama Zebra – AKA Kathia Salazar, who is in charge of the zebras nationwide. “Not just be a resident, but be someone who participates, observes, who questions and requests things, but above all lets everyone shares and live together.”
Many zebras join the programme through partnerships with local organisations that work with at-risk youth; others arrive on their own. Some stay for years, others just a few months. All zebras receive a stipend and gain access to a variety of classes and workshops that range from nutrition to computing to self-esteem, and pass through several weeks of training before they hit the streets.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A traffic zebra in La Paz. Many join the programme through partnerships with local organisations that work with at-risk youths.
“It's a marvellous job they do, helping the elderly and children,” says pedestrian José Chuquimia Paredes of the zebras. But of course, creating a safe and organised relationship between cars and pedestrians requires much beyond citizen education, including well-placed and timed traffic lights – changes that are starting to take shape in La Paz, but lag behind demand. Pedestrian Waldo Delgado agrees that the zebras are educational and innovative, but adds that serious problems persist for many citizens of La Paz. “There aren't many traffic lights,” he says, “People risk their lives to cross the street.”
Every weekday at 7.30am, the zebras – who range in age from 15 to their early 20s – get ready for a few hours on the roads with a mix of singing, dancing and calisthenics. Their prep room, though lit by dingy fluorescent lights and furnished only with lockers and a few chairs, may well be the most cheerful place in the city.
“I used to be very timid, and now I'm much more friendly,” says Angel Quispe, 18, who joined the group six months ago. “This helps a lot of young people. If we were going down a bad road, we become aware.” He says there are also challenges. “It's not all roses. Some drivers shout at us, but it's all worth it when you see how happy the kids are.”
Now, following the first death in the programme's history, there are some hard decisions ahead. Should zebras continue their campaign on crosswalks, or is it time to complete the shift into classrooms, parks and public performance spaces?
Salazar says the zebras will remain a fixture on Bolivia's city streets. “This has been really upsetting for many people,” she said. “The zebras are very sad and upset, but we're working together as a team and a family.”
• The Yorkshire Dales family designing cities in Iraq
Instead of demolishing an old, dilapidated Nissen Hut that had sat on their farmland in Essex for nearly a century, one ambitious couple decided to convert it into a stunning eco property. The elongated iron structure – which was originally built as soldier barracks in WWI – has been reborn as the Zinc House, a contemporary, five-bedroom family home updated with a beautiful zinc roof and various sustainable features.
Originally built as make shift soldier housing during WWI, Nissen huts were then used as bomb shelters during the Second World War. Most of the old structures, which are scattered across the UK countryside, have since fallen into disrepair.
Related: True North Detroit is an affordable live-work community made from prefab Quonset huts
However, instead of demolishing the rusty old building that had sat on their farm land for almost a century, Claire Benbrook and her late husband Richard decided to restore the old building. The home was gutted and clad with an attractive zinc roof and updated with large terraces on either side. The home, which is just under 4,000 square feet, was also installed with various sustainable features such as ultra-strong insulation and a ground source heat pump for added efficiency.
The curved elongated structure has double-glazed bifold walls that run the entire length of the home. Glazed doors and large windows illuminate the interior with plenty of natural light and provide stunning views of the surroundings.
The interior is a minimalist design, with white walls and an Italian glass staircase that holds court in the entranceway. The first floor houses an open-plan layout which includes the kitchen, dining area, and large living area. A massive 22-foot-long master bedroom is located on the second floor, with a large covered terrace that looks out over the expansive countryside.
+ Strutt & Parker
Via Stuff
Images via Strutt & Parker
Wow, must be a hard life when you fail to meet your annual targets, like HP CEO Meg Whitman did in her first year on the job, so you “only” get $15 million for a year's work as “punishment.”
Meg Whitman the CEO of the Hewlett-Packard Company or the HP Co. has received a lesser annual compensation. According to reports Whitman has received a compensation of $15.4 million in the year 2012. It is to be mentioned that the amount is only seventy percent of the targeted compensation. It was a year in which Autonomy debacle happened also Meg Whitman completed one year as CEO of Hewlett-Packard Company.
Hey HP, punish me!
Granted, Whitman is not yet in the “$40 million ‘retirement' “ category that that other failed-GOP-candidate Carly Fiorina attained, but she's doing okay at a cool 15 mil.
HP is doing less well. The company has been in a downward spiral for a while, yet they keep throwing wads of cash at their senior executives, somehow hoping that big money will solve their big problems.
In the case of Meg Whitman, her record at HP has been less than impressive — though she's now on target to make $30 million in her first two years. Not too shabby when you consider the $13 billion – yes, a billion – loss for HP's last fiscal year under her watch. In addition, HP's stock has lost about half of its value.
There's something horribly wrong in corporate America when failure is so consistently rewarded at the top. Rewarding mediocre to bad results hardly seems like a viable plan for the future.
How could any board of directors possibly approve this?
Mr Rudd told Fairfax Media that a re-elected Labor government would ''amend the Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918 to ban donations from tobacco companies to Australian political parties and candidates''. Arguing that tobacco is the only legal product which ''kills when used exactly as intended by the manufacturer'', Mr Rudd believes he is on a moral and political winner, citing an annual Australian death toll from tobacco of 15,000 Australians. The government says the cost to the Australian economy of tobacco-related illnesses exceeds $31 billion a year. ''Tobacco companies themselves have admitted they only donate to political parties to try to influence policy,'' Mr Rudd said. ''By British American Tobacco's own admission, they only donate to the Liberal Party to influence Liberal Party policy.''
Mr Rudd also plans to order the divestment of a swag of public sector superannuation funds - identified by the anti-smoking group ASH, Action on Smoking and Health - as having holdings in tobacco companies. That follows a 2013 decision by the Future Fund to exclude all tobacco companies from its portfolio of interests. ASH chief executive Anne Jones said it was clear that tobacco interests wanted something for the millions they handed over. ''That's really what their goal is, you can open doors with that,'' she said. Ms Jones said it was disappointing that in this digital age it was still impossible to find out out before an election how much tobacco money had been donated and to whom. All Australian governments have signed up to the national tobacco strategy which has a goal of getting smoking under 10 per cent by 2018. Ms Jones said that would not be achievable without the excise hike and other measures. Labor's plain packaging reforms were opposed by the Coalition.
The announcement, to be made on Thursday, follows on closely from a steep 60 per cent increase in federal tobacco excise over four years announced in the pre-election mini-budget. The $5.3 billion to be raised has since been accepted by the Coalition. The new reforms would be supported by the Greens in the Senate, virtually guaranteeing their success. Mr Rudd accused the Liberal Party of accepting ''more than $3 million from big tobacco since 1999''. Australian Electoral Commission returns put the figure closer to $2.6 million - compared with Labor's estimated receipt of $630,000 to 2004. Mr Abbott told the Today Show on April 30, 2010: ''Look, it is legal to smoke. It's not the mafia, it's not even the CFMEU. I don't see why, if they want to make a donation, we shouldn't accept it. ''But look, I'm not out there touting for business, and in the end it's up to the lay party to make these decisions.''
With Lisa Visentin
Physicist Lawrence Krauss, always a writer, has now in the Age of Trump become a pro-science activist as well. Wearing that hat, he published two articles just yesterday, one in the New Yorker and the other in the New York Times, both about Trump's missteps in choosing his cabinet. The New Yorker piece, “Donald Trump's war on science,” details what most of us know, but what might be outside the radar of New Yorker readers. The cabinet is loaded with people whose mission is to undermine each post, including the denial of human-caused global warming, the desire to produce more fossil fuels, and do it on public land, reduce earth-monitoring for temperature and other variables, and, as seen in Betsy DeVos (the next Secretary of Education), a general dislike of science that might extend to evolution. Although DeVos's husband is a creationist, I'm not sure whether she is, but there's plenty of cause for worry:
Along with her husband, DeVos is an active member of the Christian Reformed Church in North America, a small Protestant denomination with the stated belief that “all scientific theories be subject to Scripture.” According to the church's official statement on science, “Humanity is created in the image of God; all theorizing that minimizes this fact and all theories of evolution that deny the creative activity of God are rejected.” DeVos attended Calvin College, which is owned and operated by the Christian Reformed Church. She majored in business administration and political science. (She does not have a degree in education.) And although she has not spoken out directly on issues such as evolution and the Big Bang, her husband advocated teaching intelligent design alongside evolution in science classes during his 2006 gubernatorial campaign. “I would like to see the ideas of intelligent design—that many scientists are now suggesting is a very viable alternative theory—that that theory and others that would be considered credible would expose our students to more ideas, not less,” he said. Given her strong support of his campaign, and their joint investment in both conservative and religious causes, as well as her own religious background, it is reasonable to expect that her views do not significantly diverge from his. (DeVos did not respond to requests for comment.)
Mr. DeVos's view:
Well, Krauss is probably right here, but before we go all Chicken Little, the press should ascertain what DeVos's actual views are. Apparently the New Yorker tried, without response, but her confirmation hearing could include such inquiry. And, at any rate, teaching creationism given present law is not legal in public schools. What a 5-4 conservative-majority Supreme Court could rule, however, is another issue.
Krauss goes on to express a view familiar to readers here: “teaching the controversy” is not fruitful when there isn't a real controversy, just a bunch of religionists who want Jesus taught in the classroom. That is not a scientific controversy, but a fight between faith and fact.. And if you're going to teach ID and creationism, why not astrology in a psychology class, or acupuncture and prayer-healing in medical schools? Have a look at the article that Richard Dawkins and I wrote in the Guardian in 2005—”One side can be wrong”— about what the real controversies in evolutionary biology are.
Krauss goes on.
There is nothing respectable about the idea of “teaching the controversy,” as intelligent-design advocates describe it. We don't teach modern astronomy by suggesting to students that they feel free to decide for themselves whether the sun orbits Earth or vice versa; instead, we teach them how scientists discovered the realities of our solar system, despite considerable pressure to renounce their own discoveries. Similarly, students should be encouraged to understand that evolution is not some principle laid down on high by a conclave of scientists; they should explore the various empirical tests to which it has been subjected for more than a hundred and fifty years. The purpose of education is not to validate ignorance but to overcome it. It should be easy, therefore, for Congress to make sure that DeVos isn't planning to drive our educational system off a scientific cliff. During her confirmation hearings, DeVos should be asked whether she thinks it's appropriate to teach intelligent design alongside evolution in biology classes, or whether young-Earth creationism should be presented alongside the reality of a 4.5-billion-year-old solar system in physics class. An answer in the affirmative to either question should disqualify her as the highest federal government official overseeing public education in this country. If Congress doesn't exercise its obligation to insure the competence of Presidential appointees like DeVos, then voters need to hold them accountable in the next election.
But look at this data (a slide I use in some lectures). It shows the result of a Harris poll in 2005:
Here are the results of two polls published by Pew; the data aren't identical but still depressing:
Given that, it's unlikely that most voters (or even the benighted Congress) would give a rat's patootie about what DeVos said. Yet Krauss is right: the new Trump cabinet is not only made up of ill-qualified plutocrats, but shows no sign of being on board with science. What we can do about that, though, only Ceiling Cat knows.
Lawrence's other piece, in the New York Times, is “Rick Perry is the wrong choice for energy secretary,” and is well argued; I leave it to you to have a look.
Michael McGrath isn't your typical Porsche hobbyist. The man has experience in a variety of serious machines and knows how to conserve momentum. Though the track in-focus isn't the most technical out there and favors big horsepower, McGrath has the chops to mix with a modern 997 Cup Car and some punchier Porsches which ought to leave him standing still.
The orange 997 Mark II Cup Car ahead of him sports some 450 horsepower and weighs just 2,646 pounds, whereas the camera car has 280 ponies, and weighs just 1,850 pounds. That weight difference is obvious in the way McGrath so casually brakes and floats a little more entry speed than the modern GT3 Cup, and this momentum conservation can be best seen in the opening laps through Turn Six (3:00). The entry there is semi-blind and it takes guts and a vivid imagination to take the right line and have the car generally straight so that the driver can stomp the throttle when the suspension compresses at the apex.
Despite having a similar power-to-weight ratio, the difference in torque and sequential gearbox allow the GT3 Cup to spread a gap down any lengthy stretch at Laguna Seca. It must be aggravating for McGrath, who does everything in his ability to keep the gap small.
Aided by traffic and the odd spinner, our man keeps in touch with the Cup Car, and fends off attacks from a more powerful 911—#191—with late braking and a pushy-but-polite attitude. Upon getting outrun down the front straight, he brakes hard enough to secure the entry to the Andretti hairpin at 2:17, checks his mirrors casually, and takes the corner. Handled like the boss he is.
However, the Rennsport Reunion races are for pleasure and not prize earnings, and so McGrath courteously lets Mr. Pushy in his powerful Porsche through. The power advantage between these two is noticeable though, and yet McGrath has to keep his 3.0-liter RSR in contention with entry speed, sheer guts, and reading the slower cars well.
Avoiding the fracas is a big part of these events, and getting around traffic cleanly can afford a slower car a chance to sneak ahead. This is what happened at the 19-minute mark, when a strong run and clever positioning allowed our man to get ahead of the #191 car, and despite being beaten to Turn Two/Andretti Hairpin at the bottom of the front straight, McGrath takes the inside, pushes his rival onto the marbles, and catches a bit of oversteer in a dazzling display of skill.
The battle isn't quite over yet. The two trade positions over the course of the successive two laps, and just as #191 gets away, he gets caught in a melee and ends his race. Either exuberance or a nudge from another car (21:20) sends him spinning off the course at Turn Three, and our man regains his position to take the GT4 class win! You can almost hear McGrath cackling in his helmet.
Clearly, these vintage reunions are far more than processional trots with a bunch of well-heeled amateurs. Some of the drivers here pull of some spectacular moves, and what's more—they pull them off when splitting traffic made up of million-dollar machinery and some people who seem to be more interested in the scenery! Clearly, this is a gentleman's sport not for the faint of heart.
Dynasty Warriors 9 to be released for PS4, Xbox One, and PC in the west
A multiplatform release for the open-world Dynasty Warriors.
Dynasty Warriors 9 will be released for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC via Steam in North America and Europe, publisher Koei Tecmo announced.
In Japan, Dynasty Warriors 9 will only be released for PlayStation 4.
Here is the latest information on the game, via Koei Tecmo:
Whether players choose to follow the main storyline quests or spend time exploring the vast natural wonders of China – from the lush cedar woods and bamboo forests of Chengdu to the legendary Great Wall – the ongoing war will continue to rage along their journey. Skirmishes, clashes, special side missions, and larger scale conflicts can be engaged at the player's will as they venture through far –reaching lands, allowing for a sense of freedom of choice for the player previously unfelt in previous Dynasty Warriors titles. These battles range from scouting missions to discover powerful enemy officers, to guerilla actions to subdue messengers and scouts, to outright sabotage on enemy supply troops; success in these combat engagements offer great rewards and have an effect on future battles' difficulty. To further expand the choices available to the player, Koei Tecmo is also introducing two new playable characters to the game, each formidable in their own right! Man Chong, from the kingdom of Wei, is a brilliant general, skilled debater, and an excellent tactician. Meanwhile, Zhou Cang from the kingdom of Shu is best known for his incredible stamina and speed. Both characters join an already strong roster of fan favorites and will provide an even more diverse selection for players keen on exploring different storylines in different kingdoms. Speaking of those old fan-favorites, Koei Tecmo is also releasing new costume designs for popular characters Sun Shangxiang, Lu Xun, and the powerful demon-god, Lu Bu!
If you missed it earlier this morning, Koei Tecmo released details and character models of returning officers Xu Zhu, Dian Wei, Ling Tong, Gan Ning, Guan Ping, and Dong Zhuo.
Introduction, Specifications and Pricing
A few manufacturers out there actually do read the reviews that are posted about their products rather than just look for what award can be pasted on the website, case and point with what happened with Nanoxia. Reviewing the DS6, we had made mention that we had seen every chassis since this series of cases were released to the market, well all but one. For some reason or another, this chassis seems to have been released later, but does fill the void in the series that we thought we had somehow missed, or maybe they had just skipped that number in the series.
While making your way from the original Deep Silence chassis all the way through to the DS6 we saw from them last, we have seen the chassis evolve, drastically change in size along the route, but a few things have always stayed a constant, and can be found in this latest midi-tower design as well. Nanoxia is known for the fact that their chassis designs are strong as an ox, they have always offered a nice blend in their feature set, they engineer these cases with the intent to be a silent as possible, hence the name, but also take the extra step to use sound absorbing materials and sound redirection to accomplish this time and time again.
While it may indeed seem a little odd that we have seen versions one through six first, skipping right over number three, but we are here to change that today. While we see many, and we mean many cases rolling through the labs all the time, it is sort of rare that we know the entire lineup of cases as well as we do these from Nanoxia. With an already great handle on what Nanoxia has been about in the past, and with what we have been able to find out with the latest, their Deep Silence 3 midi-tower, it may be a little late to the naming game, but as you will see, this is another top notch design from the people at Nanoxia, and well worth a serious look at what we are about to show.
We have already addressed that this is the Nanoxia Deep Silence 3 chassis, and while we received the black version, there is another color option in anthracite as well. While we find the Midi-tower classification slightly odd, that is what they are calling this steel chassis that stands 456mm tall, is 207mm in width, is 520mm deep, and weighs in at 9.3 kg completely empty. While most midi-tower cases only allow for Micro-ATX and Mini-ITX motherboards, the DS3 will also allow for an ATX motherboard, and it has seven expansion slots too.
In this design, we are offered three 5.25" bays, but they are concealed behind a door that is magnetically attached at one side and swings open to the right. The door offers sound absorbing material, and the front is covered with a slick finish to match the rest of the bezel. On top of just access to the optical drives, there is also a pair of fan controller switches, and each will power three fans. There is also room inside for up to five 3.5" drives and another section of the HDD cage that allows for only 2.5" drives, but there is room for three drives there. Another feature to this HDD cage is that it is also completely removable and reconfigurable as well.
Cooling this chassis there is a pair of 120mm fans in the front of the chassis acting as the intake, and is the source of cool air into the chassis. To help this flow along as well as helping to exhaust it, there is a third fan sent in the chassis, located in the rear of the case, and again is 120mm in size. For any additional cooling needs one might have when looking to buy this chassis, there is still room in both the top of the chassis to allow for yet another pair of 120 or 140mm fans. The floor also offers an optional location, but allows only a single 120mm or 140mm fan.
In our borders, the Deep Silence 3 chassis is in limited supply, but is not surprising either, as previous cases were also a touch hard to find in the past. We were however able to locate a listing at Amazon.com with Nanoxia as the reseller name, and it was there we found the $109.75 pricing with free shipping. That price is down from the $119.99 MSRP that is listed in that ad as well, so there is a bit of introductory savings still going on as well. For a mid-tower chassis, that pricing seems spot on for the feature set, and classifying this as a midi-tower is slightly confusing all the way around as well.
While offering an impression it is smaller, we don't feel cost should be with mid-tower or full-tower offerings, and had the naming been with one less "i" in it, not only would the pricing "feel" better, but it would actually fit the design. While we obviously have our opinion, stick around and see what Nanoxia is offering, as we aren't saying it is not worth the investment, just that you need to look past the confusion to what the Deep Silence 3 chassis really is, a well equipped mid-tower chassis that you will likely have a good use for.
PRICING: You can find the Nanoxia Deep Silence 3 Mid Tower Case for sale below. The prices listed are valid at the time of writing, but can change at any time. Click the link to see the very latest pricing for the best deal.
United States: The Nanoxia Deep Silence 3 Mid Tower Case retails for $98.99 at Amazon.
Australia: Find other tech and computer products like this over at PLE Computer's website.
Canada: The Nanoxia Deep Silence 3 Mid Tower Case retails for CDN$245.97 at Amazon Canada.
MUMBAI: If burning farm stubble in Punjab and Haryana is the cause of choking people in Delhi and surrounding areas in the last few days, farmer Chandrashekar Bhadsavle in far away Maharashtra has a simple solution that can make them breathe easy, even while helping farmers boost their income.Different departments of Maharashtra government have been using Bhadsavle's expertise to boost farmers' income and also stop forest fires. Agriculture experts and scientists told ET that his farming method can be implemented and it holds a lot of ‘promise'.Bhadsavle's method — SRT farming — is very simple. Under the SRT (Saguna Rice Technique) technique, tillage is completely avoided and the residue of the earlier crop (in this case paddy stubble) is disintegrated into soil by using weedicides and microbial cultures.Bhadsavle, who has a Masters in Food Microbiology from UC Davis (USA), said the current technique of farming was flawed. “What we do is indiscriminately use tillage, killing nutrients. Then we use fertilisers to boost nutrients/NPK (nitrogen, phosphorus & potash) in soil. We should instead simply increase organic carbon content of soil which increases its fertility. This can happen if you let the plant residue of earlier crop decompose in soil, it will then bring in earthworms, which will help crops,” explained Bhadsavle.In his 50-acre farm Suguna Baug on the outskirts of Mumbai in Neral, Bhadsavle doesn't resort to tilling or burning of crop residue, and has increased productivity in his farm year-on-year. The Neral farmer's claims have caught on in Maharashtra, where 2,500 farmers use his technique. In fact, the results from Vidarbha — the suicide belt of Maharashtra —where cotton farmers are using the SRT technique, are overwhelming and they swear by its success.“When I met Bhadsavle the first time, I decided to try it out on a trial basis in just 1 acre of my 5-acre field. My cotton produce had almost doubled and my income doubled as well as my input cost had reduced by more than half since I didn't use any tilling or pesticide,” said Prakash Khobragade, a cotton farmer from Vidarbha.Khobragade said that his savings have gone up as his crops are resilient to insect-pests and climate change. Raju Kadam, a farmer from Mulshi in Pune, said he has been using the SRT method in his 1-acre farm since two years and is earning a lot more too. “Earlier, I used to get 7 sacks of rice from my field, now it has gone up to 10,” said Kadam.S Ayappan, former director general of the ICAR, who has visited Bhadsavle's farm told ET: “It is a possible solution among other new techniques, but it needs to be scaled up, and adopted for different conditions.”Vijay Kolekar, an agronomist with the Agriculture department in Maharashtra and currently working at PoCRA (Project on Climate Resilient Agriculture), a state government initiative which is a World Bank supported project, said SRT worked because retaining the stubble and having it decomposed in the soil brought out the organic content for the next crop.
Anthony Barnett (London, OK): The Erminegate, kickbacks-to-cronies story brought back an old memory to me, from the days of "sleaze" when cash for questions tainted the Conservative government. This too involved undercover journalists trailing round the most likely suspects until they got some of them drunk, greedy or off-guard enough to agree to a deal. In the process many more were asked. This time, according to the Sunday Times, ten Lords were approached and four agreed. Some of the others refused robustly. Others simply never get back to them with anything they could go on.
Here is the thought I had back in the old days when there were no blogs to record them. "Why did no one report the attempts to corrupt the system?". Is it merely honourable to refuse to be corrupted? The fact that none of the Tory MPs who were approached blew the whistle, called the Speaker's office, or rang the police after a criminal proposition was made to them was one the things that convinced me of the inner rottenness of the state of the Tories at that time. The same goes for the Lords today. When they say that there are 'rumours' of corruption it means that they all know that deals are taking place within their wheels. That this is 'the way it is'. By not reporting a crude approach, those who remained silent also give their permission to it being made to others. It is impossible not to think that perhaps they are beneficiaries of more 'deniable' revenues and don't want to 'rock the boat'.
If the system was not corrupt it would be dangerous to try and bribe legislators.
Employers may end up adjusting tax withholdings on paychecks so that this credit trickles into your bank account over the course of the year. People who are self-employed can adjust their quarterly tax filings to account for the credit.
This credit is refundable, according to a summary of the stimulus bill that the Senate Finance and House Ways and Means committees released Thursday. That means that even if you have no federal income tax liability, you will still get the money.
UNEMPLOYMENT Normally, you pay federal income taxes on federal unemployment benefits. In 2009, however, you won't have to pay taxes on the first $2,400 in benefits you receive.
Photo
HEALTH INSURANCE If you get fired, your company is required, thanks to a law known as Cobra, to allow you to pay to keep your health insurance, generally for up to 18 months.
The problem is, it can cost you $1,000 a month or more to keep the coverage.
Now, the federal government will subsidize 65 percent of the premium for up to nine months. To be eligible, you need to have been forced out of your job between Sept. 1, 2008, and Dec. 31, 2009. Also, your income in the year you receive the subsidy cannot be more than $125,000 for individuals or $250,000 for married couples filing their taxes jointly.
If you lost your job after Sept. 1, 2008, and declined Cobra coverage, you'll now get another chance. Call your former company in the next two months to find out how this will work.
You need not keep an eye on the mail for a subsidy check from the government, according Kathryn Bakich, senior vice president in Washington of the Segal Company, a benefits consulting firm. Instead, your former employer will collect the money from the government.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
SOCIAL SECURITY In 2009 a number of retirees and disabled people, including Social Security recipients, will receive a $250 refundable tax credit. The money would arrive within 120 days of the bill's signing.
CAR BUYER TAX DEDUCTION For the rest of 2009, you'll be able to deduct the state and local sales and excise taxes you pay on the purchase of a new (not used) car, light truck, recreational vehicle or motorcycle.
This will be an “above-the-line deduction,” according to Clint Stretch, the managing principal of tax policy at Deloitte L.L.C. in Washington. That means that you can take it regardless of whether you itemize other deductions on your tax return.
Mark Luscombe, principal tax analyst for CCH, a tax information service, notes that state sales taxes alone can run 6 to 7 percent, before any county or local tax kicks in. That said, if you trade in a vehicle, your taxable purchase price may be lower.
Photo
Eligibility for this tax break begins to phase out for single people with adjusted gross income over $125,000 or $250,000 for married couples filing jointly. And the deduction does not apply on spending above $49,500.
PELL GRANT According to a summary from the office of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, the maximum Pell Grant will increase by $500, to $5,350 in 2009 and $5,550 in 2010. The grants are generally for low-income students.
HIGHER EDUCATION TAX CREDIT This credit covers up to $2,500 of the cost of college tuition and other related expenses in 2009 and 2010. You'll need to spend at least $4,000 in a single year to get the full credit. The credit begins to phase out for individual taxpayers with adjusted gross incomes over $80,000 or $160,000 for married couples filing jointly.
Forty percent of the credit is refundable, which benefits low-income students paying their way through school (who may owe no federal income taxes).
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
529 PLAN EXPANSION When you withdraw money from a 529 college savings plan, you can use it for tuition, room, board, books and other college expenses. In 2009 and 2010, families can also use the money for computers and computer technology, which could include educational software and Internet service for students living at home.
FIRST-TIME HOME BUYER CREDIT First-time home buyers are eligible for a refundable tax credit equal to 10 percent of the purchase price of their home, up to $8,000, if they made the purchase after Jan. 1, 2009, but before Dec. 1, 2009.
Unlike a similar credit that Congress provided last year, you don't have to pay this one back over 15 years. The new credit, however, does phase out for individuals with incomes over $75,000 or married couples with incomes over $150,000 who file their taxes jointly. Also, you forfeit the credit if you sell the house within three years.
TRANSIT ACCOUNTS If you commute to work via public transportation, your employer may allow you to set aside pretax money from your paycheck to pay for the bus, train or parking. Currently, you can put aside only $120 a month for mass transit while those who drive and park can save $230. This year and next, those who take mass transit will also be able to put aside $230 each month.
A.M.T. PATCH Each year, Congress creates a temporary fix to keep millions of people from paying the alternative minimum tax. This year, the patch is part of the stimulus bill. “If you didn't pay the A.M.T. last year, you probably won't this year,” said Mr. Stretch of Deloitte. “For most people, this is a nonevent. They didn't even realize they were in danger of being shot in the head by the A.M.T.”
An Ontario woman is hoping to launch a class-action lawsuit against the federal government for pulling funding from the Trudeau-era youth program Katimavik.
"The Conservatives left 600 youth who had been selected to participate in the program in a lurch as well as the non-profit organizations who were looking forward to the volunteer hours," St. Catharines, Ont., resident Colleen Cleve told The Huffington Post Canada Friday.
Heritage Minister James Moore has said the $14 million price tag for the program wasn't justified, leading the Tories to cut funding in their March budget.
"Katimavik had a cost of over $28,000 per participant and a one-third dropout rate," Moore said in the House of Commons in April. "As Minister of Canadian Heritage and Official Languages, I have to make difficult decisions and easy decisions. Ending funding for Katimavik is one of the easiest decisions I have ever made."
TWITTER REACTS TO KATIMAVIK CUTS
That comment mobilized Katimavik's alumni and supporters who have led protests and started petitions and Facebook groups hoping that powerful testimony from former participants may make the the government recognize the value of the program.
Cleve's two children were supposed to join Katimavik this July and volunteer in different communities across the country, but their plans for the next six months were thrown into limbo by the government's decision.
Melanie, 20, a finishing student at Niagara College was lucky to get her old summer job back at MarineLand, her mother said. While her 17-year-old son Erik decided to go back to high school for an extra semester after missing application deadlines for college and university.
"I feel that because of the government's decision to (cut Katimavik's funding) my children are, I wouldn't say exactly wasting the next six months, but perhaps not using them in the best way that they possibly could," she told HuffPost.
Cleve, who openly admits she voted for the Conservative Party last May, said she won't make that mistake a second time. "I will never vote Conservative again," she said.
A legal assistant, Cleve has decided to channel her anger against the Tories into a class action lawsuit.
She believes she may have a breach of contract claim, since the federal government pulled out of a three-year funding agreement with Katimavik one year early.
But she knows she's unlikely to win.
"That's not my intention, my intention is to basically raise public awareness of what the government has done," she said. "So many people are not even aware of this program."
Katimavik's marketing and communications director Victoria Salvador told HuffPost the court challenge is unlikely to be successful because the contract includes a standard notice clause.
"The funding agreement did go until March 2013, but like all contracts there is always like a 90-day clause in them, so I'm not sure how much bite that is going to have," Salvador said.
"We were definitely not expecting the government to use the 90-day clause unless, you know, civil war or something of that nature (happened)," she added.
Katimavik is currently winding down operations for all projects affected by the cuts, although it is still hoping it can press forward without federal funding, Salvador said, noting several private partners have shown an interest in subsidizing the program.
NDP MP Charmaine Borg said she hopes public pressure will force the Conservatives to reverse their decision.
The young Quebec MP has introduced a motion, M-352, in the House of Commons calling on the government to restore Katimavik's funding and recognize the merits of the program, both for its young volunteers and for communities. Every day for more than a month, Borg has been placing testimonials from former Katimavik participants on the Heritage Minister's desk.
Moore hasn't approached her about them, but she's not dissuaded.
"This is a program that people really care about. It's not only about the kids, it's not only about the parents of the kids, it's about communities across the country, it's about national identity, it's about bilingualism, it's about helping people, it's about volunteerism, it's about all those things," she said.
Borg thinks the class action lawsuit is an example of how frustrated people are with the government's decision.
"If (Moore) feels that it wasn't fiscally responsible, and fiscally efficient, then maybe he can find ways to improve it, but he needs to wake up and realize that cutting the program on the fly without notice and not letting people go this summer is just unacceptable," she said.
The Conservative government, however, shows no sign it will be persuaded to change course.
"There is no basis for this claim," Moore's spokesman, James Maunder told HuffPost about the potential lawsuit.
"There are countless opportunities for youth to volunteer in every community across Canada. Ending Katimavik is a responsible decision that will save taxpayers money while allowing us to support more effective, more affordable youth programs," Maunder said.
Like Huffington Post Canada's Ottawa Bureau Chief Althia Raj's reporter page on Facebook and follow her onTwitter for all the latest news from Parliament Hill.
althia.raj@huffingtonpost.com
TWITTER REACTS TO KATIMAVIK CUTS
Photo gallery Twitter On Katimavik Cuts See Gallery Katimavik Cuts: Lawsuit May Be Coming Against Feds For Scrapping Trudeau-Era Youth Program's Funding 1 / 23
Twitter On Katimavik Cuts 1 / 23
Splatoon 2 has been in Switch owners' hands for almost a full week, as squeaky-clean newcomers and grizzled ink veterans alike have been tearing through countless turf wars. While the battles rage on, we wanted to chat with some top-level players to get their assessment of the sequel: What's the best tool for inking? What's been the best improvement, and what does the game still need?
For US Splatoon squad Deadbeat, the game fixes up a lot of issues from the first game. Gregory “Giraffe Tamer” Papi, one of the players for Deadbeat, says that unlike the first game, the sequel feels more team-based than reliant on individual skill. There are less individual player specials like the Kraken, and instead more team-based ones, like the Tentamissiles or Ink Armor.
“If you're trying to push an objective, the Tentamissiles will just lock onto the other team and make them scurry,” said Deadbeat's Austin “penguitt” Whitt. “And you can pick them off and take the objective.”
Angela “Bickibird” Scott, an Australian player for Blue-Ringed Octolings or BRO, notes that the changes to special have up-ended the school of Splatoon thought.
Advertisement
“One major thing is there's no invincibility specials anymore, so that changes the dynamics of the game a lot,” said Scott. “The specials have all been replaced entirely, none of the original specials from Splatoon 1 are in this new game, so everyone is off to a fresh start.”
A revamp of skills and abilities have changed the pace of the game as well. Sendou, a top-tier European Splatoon player notes that nerfs to gear abilities like Quick Respawn and Stealth Jump have slowed down the back-and-forth of the game, forcing players to be more careful.
“Games can also end a lot faster now,” wrote Sendou. “This comes back down the fact that you have to be more careful in your plays instead of going for high risk plays all the time. Every kill is more meaningful.”
Advertisement
Tools of the trade
Several weapons came up in discussion among the pros. The Tentatek Splattershot is an old standard, a jack-of-all-trades that will likely always see use. Chargers, however, have seen reduced popularity. For many weapons, it depends on what the mode calls for. While the Aerospray may be solid choice in a Turf War situation where you need to spread ink by the mile, it has a tough time actually finishing off enemies compared to other weapons, making it less suited for modes like Splat Zone. Though regular matchmaking is all Turf War and inking the most map, ranked and competitive play focuses on objectives, with gametypes like the payload-based Tower Control, king-of-the-hill Splat Zone and capture-the-weapon Rainmaker.
Advertisement
“I think [players are] still discovering what's meta in this game, and it depends on the mode,” said Scott. “For example, in tower control I've seen a lot of Tri-Sloshers, they're pretty powerful with their burst bombs. It's up to the individual though, to see what weapons they're good at.”
Sendou sent me a picture of the top squads in a given league mode period, saying it shows a clear trend of popularity. While Nintendo has been patching the game (one even went out last night, upping the special requirements for weapons like the Tri-Slosher), some still reign supreme.
Advertisement
The prevalence of ink armor and less range on maps has made the charger less potent than in the first game, but some players are still working on strategies for it. Octolings' Marianne “Latias” Hade suggests changing up your playstyle, sniping from behind walls rather than zipping around outside cover like you might in the first game.
All players had advice for newcomers looking to grow in Splatoon, and top of the list was motion controls. Every player agreed that using the motion controls was best, and that every top player uses it.
“With sticks it's the time,” said Madison “Madi-Kuma” Henderson. “Even if you have the sensitivity up the time you have to move and focus on your enemy is too long.” Her teammate Bevan “SpongeBev” Davis adds more: “It also takes advantage of the limitations of the controller, because unless you hold it in a weird way, you can't reset the reticle and jump at the same time.”
Getting into the mindset is also important, as Deadbeat's Whitt mentions. Splatoon isn't just a shooter, but an objective game, one focused around holding territory as much as it is splats.
Advertisement
“Unlike normal shooters, actually being somewhere doesn't mean you have control of that area,” said Whitt. “You have to paint it first, and from there on your team will do much better, simply by taking control of territory.”
Henderson expands on that idea, suggesting players find a role that suits them. Not every inkling has to be tallying up double-digits in splats.
“There are objectives, there's map control, there are different things,” said Henderson. “So some players, aggressive players, they go in for the kills. Other players are objective players, they push towers. Then you have support players who might ink the map up. So if you can find that area that you feel you're excelling at the best, then go with that and train yourself more in that area, focus on that.”
Advertisement
Global community of squids
Though many rough spots have been smoothed over, there are still some issues that top-level players of Splatoon are struggling with in the sequel. Regional matchmaking has fixed overall latency and reduced lag, but it also means that many teams have trouble practicing against other regions.
Advertisement
“Regional matchmaking, although it's nice for ping, I feel like it should be an option rather than required,” said Papi. “In America, we had our first league battle session last night, and we were playing the same five teams really. We want to play some top Japanese teams, and especially high-level solo queue, we want to be able to play high-level Japanese players as well.”
Though regional matchmaking has caused some hiccups, the addition of modes like league battle adds more tools for competitive-minded players. Many players believe that options like built-in LAN play and spectator mode will help bolster the competitive audience. Splatoon 1 had to deal with a restrictive set of modes and limitations, compounded by the quirks of the Wii U.
“With Splatoon 1, at past LANs I've gone to, when you have all the GamePads in one area there's a lot of GamePad interference,” said Whitt. “So having that mode is a definite step up.”
Advertisement
The lack of an actual spectator mode also meant plugging in capture cards for all the Wii Us, swapping between one player's POV to another or simply watching through one station for the whole match. New tools don't just make it easier to play competitively, but to compete just about anywhere. Players mention battling in not just tournaments, but at others' houses and parks, and the booming popularity of the Switch certainly helps raise interest in the game overall.
What will likely keep these Splatoon players going is a sense of community. Discord hubs and Twitter followings kept the original alive long after patches stopped rolling out, and as advice for new players looking to get their feet wet in the competitive scene, they all encouraged people to get involved in their scenes. Pros like Sendou note the usefulness of having a team, while Octolings' note the value of having a support system behind you, to help you grow and improve. Splatoon isn't just about K/D/A—it's a team game through and through, and if you want to up your game, the best way to do so is find some like-minded squids and hit up matchmaking.
Advertisement
“Join a Splatoon community and you just enjoy the game so much more, because you get to interact with people and play with them instead of just doing solo by yourself all the time,” said Scott. “That's what gets me hooked, is the community.”
Impress your friends and terrify your enemies, by pretending to read anyone's mind. It's not as hard as it looks — there are some well-worn tricks that can make you appear telepathic. Screw magicians and their lame fire tricks — we're way more impressed with someone who can guess your favorite movie just by staring into your eyes.
We spoke with Las Vegas' resident Mentalist Gerry McCambridge and he broke down the basic steps to wowing people with your powers of telepathy.
Advertisement
McCambridge, who has spent the last 7 years at The Planet Hollywood reading throngs of tourists, doesn't just pull information from your brain — he'll also tell you exactly how he got there as well. So we asked him to break down his methods step by step.
Select the right subject.
You can't just grab any old victim for a good mind sucking off the street. Rather, you should select your prey delicately. McCambridge elaborates:
"Some people want to be the center of attention. So, if I'm asking for people to come up on stage a lot of times it's those type of people. And they tend not to be the best assistants because they want to have their 15 minutes of fame at my expense. So I'm looking for people who may not come up on stage at the drop of a hat, but aren't [so] overly shy that they're going to stay in the audience. The first thing I'm looking for is somebody who is smiling and laughing at the jokes that I'm putting out there. There you have someone who wants to interact. Then you have the over-responders and that's someone I don't want necessarily right away. That's what you look for first, the type person."
Advertisement
Mirror the subject (make them comfortable).
Once you've snared your subject, woo them into a sense of security, by mimicking their ways.
"Make sure you try something that they are comfortable with. Do you have any artistic abilities? Then you can do something where you're using drawing. You feel them out based on what you're going to ask them to do. Then you use an NLP (Neuro Linguistic Programming) technique called mirroring. Where you get them comfortable with you by mirroring the way that they're responding to you. People can pick up on that and they feel more relaxed around someone they feel is close to them. If they're a shy person and you're loud and obnoxious, they're not going to feel comfortable standing next to you. If they are a little shy and you back off and act a little timid yourself, introduce yourself nicely, it puts everybody at ease."
Advertisement
Know the statistics.
Know your stuff. In order to become and excellent Mind Reader, you need to up on the latest trends and tendencies of the mind. McCambridge has spent years documenting his shows, taking notes of the different ages of people in the audience, the cars parked in the parking lots, what kind of event it was. And he makes good use of all this statistical data.
"I know statistically how people are going to respond to certain situations. When I offer you a choice of 4 different objects I know 92% of the time you're going to choose the third one on your own. When you tell someone to think of a number between 1 and 10, statisically they are going to gravitate towards 7. If you ask someone to respond to a question very quickly, that changes the response. If I asked you to think of a color very quickly 1, 2, 3 — red is the statistical first choice. Blue is the second choice. If you ask for a color quickly, people go for red. If you ask for a color and you give someone a three or four second space, they will go for blue, because they will change their mind thinking red is the obvious choice."
Advertisement
Look for signs.
But you've got to be aware of basic responses!
"Look for reactions. For example [something I might try] is instructed the person to respond to what I say with the word no. No matter what I say, you respond with no. Then I'll say think of a number between 1 to 10, and I ask is it the number 1? No. The number 2? No. We go through the entire thing with No and I tell them that it's the number 6 because of the fact that they looked at me different when they were actually lying to me. They couldn't make eye contact [or something similar to that]."
Advertisement
Utilize the body.
Learn the art of muscle reading.
"Without the people realizing it, I'm touching them in a very relaxed way that they don't realize what I'm doing. Based on the questions that I'm asking them, I can tell what the answers are by feeling the difference in their muscles. You body echoes what your brain thinks. And I've learned how to pick up on the echoes. An example is I tell the person to think of a letter in the alphabet, and then the audience sing the Alphabet Song. By the time their finished I can tell what letter they have because the second the audience said their letter, their brain thinks to itself "that's it!" That changes the physiological response in your body and I can pick that up, it's different than the other 25 letters."
Advertisement
Don't be afraid to admit failure.
If you fall flat on your face, pick up and try again. The audience will love you even more for it.
"[If the trick doesn't work] I usually try it a second time. If it's an important part of the show I may send the person back to their seat and say, 'OK let's try something else.' There is no sure-fire way, things go wrong, it actually adds more credibility to the show when the audience sees that sometimes it fails. What a mentalist does, it doesn't always work, and that's OK. "
Advertisement
The easiest trick in the book.
We'll tell you the name of the trick after you do it, because it spoils the reveal!
Pick a number between 1 and 10.
Multiply it by 9.
If it's a 2-digit number, add them together.
Now subtract 5.
Map the result to a letter of the alphabet, where A=1, B=2 and so on.
Think of a country which begins with that letter.
Take the second letter of the country and think of an animal which begins with that letter.
Think of the color of that animal.
Are you thinking of a grey elephant from Denmark?
Obviously this is titled the Grey Elephant from Denmark. We tried this on 3 people in the office and, one out of three guessed Grey Elephant. Our suggestion, do it in big group and the odds will be in your favor.
Here's a clip of Gerry in action. Check him out over at his Mentalist website or live at the Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas.
Advertisement
Top image via Notre Cinema.
At least 12 people were killed and 10 injured when a convoy transporting Mexican tourists through Egypt's Western Desert was mistakenly attacked by the military. The tourists were taken for Islamist militants, whom the forces had been pursuing, Cairo said.
“A joint force from the police and military, whilst chasing terrorist elements in the oasis area of the western desert tonight, accidentally engaged four four-wheel drives belonging to a Mexican tourist group,” Egypt's Ministry of Interior said in a statement on Monday. “The incident resulted in the death of 12 Mexicans and Egyptians and the injury of 10 others who have been transferred to hospitals.”
#Egypt | #BREAKING : #ISIS announced its presence in Egypt's Western Sahara Desert and clashes with the Egyptian army pic.twitter.com/zjHX7Uwtx1 — INC World (@INCWorldAgency) September 13, 2015
The victims included eight Mexicans and four Egyptians, according to Egyptian security and judicial forces. A total of eight Mexicans and two Egyptians were reportedly wounded.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has condemned the tragic incident and demanded a thorough investigation in a statement posted on his Twitter account.
México condena estos hechos en contra de nuestros ciudadanos y ha exigido al gobierno de Egipto una exhaustiva investigación de lo ocurrido. — Enrique Peña Nieto (@EPN) September 14, 2015
READ MORE: ​27 killed in Egypt's Sinai attacks, ISIS affiliate claims responsibility
Those who survived the attack said they were also bombed by military helicopters and an aircraft as they stopped for a break in the western desert, Mexico's Foreign Minister Claudia Ruiz Massieu said on Monday.
Earlier in the day, IS-affiliated Ansar Bait Al-Maqdis militants had claimed responsibility for attacking several Egyptian military locations in the Western Desert on social media. Local media reported that the military retaliated, inflicting significant casualties on the terror group. However, these reports have not been confirmed by the Egyptian forces.
The Interior Ministry said that a joint force of Egyptian military and police had been conducting security operations in the area and all access to civilian vehicles had been closed off due to the situation.
READ MORE: Israel hit with rockets from Egypt's Sinai, ISIS affiliate claims responsibility
Egypt intensified its fight against terrorism in the Western Desert this summer. Five Egyptian soldiers were killed last month when their helicopter crashed as they were hunting for extremist fighters in the Siwa Oasis. An army spokesman said the plane went down due to a “technical failure”.
Over a year ago, more than twenty Egyptian troops were killed by gunmen that attacked a military checkpoint in the New Valley Governorate.
The security situation in the Western Desert has deteriorated since the July 2013 overthrow of President Mohamed Morsi, with hundreds of police and army soldiers having been killed by militants. The majority of the attacks have been claimed by the IS-affiliated Sinai Province group.
Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Michal Rozsival underwent surgery Tuesday for facial fractures sustained when he was punched by Anaheim Ducks forward Nick Ritchie last Thursday.
Ritchie received a two-game suspension without pay for the incident. He missed the Ducks' final regular-season game and will sit out the playoff opener against Calgary on Thursday.
Because Chicago has a deep defensive group this season, it was unlikely that Rozsival would have dressed in the playoffs unless injuries arose.
Blackhawks defenseman Michal Rozsival underwent surgery for facial fractures. Geoff Burke/USA TODAY Sports
In the third period of the Ducks' 4-0 win, Rozsival cross-checked Anaheim forward Corey Perry. Rozsival was whistled for the penalty, but Ritchie skated up and punched him when his hands were at his side. Ritchie was given a match penalty at the time.
Blackhawks team physician Dr. Michael Terry said of Rozsival in a statement: "Surgery went well and he is expected to make a full recovery."
Rozsival, 38, signed a one-year extension with Chicago this season and will likely be exposed in the NHL expansion draft this offseason.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
When the Old Man changes signs, our sense of what we can rely on changes, as does our way of regarding regulations, ‘what is', authority, boundaries, rules, and material reality itself. In Libra, we thought about ‘the Other', whether that form was a partner, spouse, companion, stranger, audience, or enemy; we looked at how our relationships, our aesthetics, and our ability to make a case, to link and mediate between other entities, affected the reality picture, and especially how it affected the boundaries and limits we had to recognize. We were, without exception, more dependent on the partner (or authorities, or the father or father-figure, or the one who ‘judged' us, or some set of rules, traditions, or systems) to help us determine our effective interaction with the material world than we will be in Scorpio; in the sign of the Scorpion, we will be aware of ‘the Other', but our gaze will return to ourselves, and our feelings, about what is.
In Scorpio, Saturn becomes Self-reflective; we look at the reality that surrounds us and see ourselves in it–and that sends us on an emotional (Scorpio is a Water sign) journey, one that plumbs the very depths of the intimate ties between psyche and emotional perception. Saturn deals with the concrete, with the material and with ‘What Is', while Scorpio emphasizes feeling and what may be hidden or intangible, but that we are able to sense. This suggests a misalignment of viewpoints when Saturn transits Scorpio; where in Libra Saturn could ‘think (and do something) about things' (the Cardinal Air of Libra), now Saturn's energies are dealing with the ungraspables of emotion and nuance, what's hidden, perceived, but which we're not able to hold in our hand–we may have trouble picturing, articulating, or doing anything about those vague things we do perceive and name (and yet we may feel that what we've grasped is inadequate, somehow). The Fixed Water of Scorpio makes us tenacious, persistent in digging to discover and understand via feeling–and yet, when we apply this methodology to what is familiar through tradition, through what's known and tangible, we may get contrasting results. On the one hand we could end up uncovering meaning behind our material surroundings; we could suddenly gain immensely in terms of seeing (and having an emotional reaction to) reality in a whole new way; on the other hand, we could convince ourselves there's more ‘there there' than there really is!
What happens when a material reality is introduced to, and asked to express within, a liminal (mental) space? We become unsure of what's real; everything seems to have deeper, mysterious, and unfathomable meaning, and we may spend a great deal of time trying to connect reality with the unseen, about which we must assume both its nature and its existence. This particular experience of Saturn through Scorpio might harken back to the Latin limen, ‘threshold', and the anthropological concept of liminality, wherein an individual is in the state found mid-ritual. The old is dissolving, morphing, or falling away, and yet we are only on the journey, not yet arrived at the outcome of the change. This experience will likely be reinforced by Pluto in Capricorn, already wearing away the Saturnian ‘What Was'.
Saturn enters Scorpio on 5 October (Pacific time); will we feel it right away? That's unlikely, though we may sense a shift to things we just can't put our finger on. If you have placements at 00-03 of any sign, you'll likely feel that ‘lid' Saturn initially likes to place on our fun, set very gently down–and with Saturn in Scorpio, it might be difficult, no matter how hard we look, to single out exactly where our oppression, boundaries, and limitations are coming from.
Does this affect all your placements in Scorpio? No, not until it's actually within orb of contact–it's a Saturn transit, like any other direct contact. It's important we understand that a planet moving into a sign does not affect the sign–the sign affects expression of the planet. Don't mix them up! That means that all those who've been cringing in anticipation of Saturn entering the sign of their Sun, Moon, or some other important planet or point can relax until Saturn is, at the very least, 5 degrees from conjunction, and more often closer to 3 or fewer degrees away, with the effect fading about 2 degrees past exact.
This first appeared in ECLIPSE September 7-13; order the current issue here! Text copyright 2012 Julie Demboski All Rights Reserved
Advertisements
The websites of a couple of the United States financial institutions have fallen victim to the distributed denial-of-service (DDOS) attacks launched by Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Cyber Fighters. The hacktivists' latest targets appear to be CitiBank and Bank of America – the sites of both companies experiencing temporary interruptions.
On Thursday, domains such as citicards.com, citibank.com and citi.com were inaccessible at times, Hilf-ol-Fozoul reports.
“Currently we are aware & are working on technical issues with Citi websites. We will let you know when service is fully restored. We apologize for the inconvenience. Please call the number on the back of your card if you need immediate assistance,” the bank's representatives wrote on Twitter.
The website of Bank of America also suffered some downtime. The bank's representatives have not issued any statements on the matter.
The site of BoA has been attacked before as part of Operation Ababil, but the one of CitiBank hasn't been targeted until now.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 24, 2015, 7:27 PM GMT / Updated Aug. 24, 2015, 8:21 PM GMT By James Eng
If it weren't for the presence of humans, elephants and rhinos would likely be roaming across Europe today, and North and South America would also be flush with a variety big mammals.
That's the conclusion of a study that projects what a world map of mammals would look like if Homo sapiens had never existed. The researchers say that much of the world would resemble the Serengeti of Africa, virtually the last place on Earth that's home to a high diversity of large mammals.
"The study shows that large parts of the world would harbor rich large mammal faunas, as diverse as seen in protected areas of eastern and southern Africa today, if it was not for historic and prehistoric human-driven range losses and extinctions," Professor Jens-Christian Svenning, a biologist at Aarhus University in Denmark, told NBC News in an email.
"Most safaris today take place in Africa, but under natural circumstances, as many or even more large animals would no doubt have existed in other places, e.g. notably parts of the New World such as Texas and neighboring areas and the region around northern Argentina-southern Brazil," Søren Faurby, the study's lead author and a postdoctoral fellow at the Department of Bioscience, at Aarhus University in Denmark, said in a statement.
littlebuddha,
In regards to your first comment, most everyone could agree that there was a tone of superiority in your critique. If your first thought, after skimming this instructable, was to point out that the author neglected to sand the wood, then you miss the point of this site. It is apparent the author is skilled and most people can look past the prototype appearance. I doubt the author was happy with how the foam turned out on the ShopBot, but he shared the results anyway. I do not have a solution but others might. You contribute nothing to this community. The five years you have been a member of this site you have only gave pointless comments and no projects of your own. As for the multiple comments you made in defense, you lost too much credibility to be heard any further.
Marines from U.S. Marine Forces Europe-Africa participate in an amphibious landing demonstration as part of exercise BALTOPS 2017 in Ustka, Poland, June 14, 2017.
STUTTGART, Germany — Tens of thousands of troops will be on the move next month in Europe in a burst of Cold War-style war gaming as Russian and Western forces launch some of their largest drills in years, raising suspicions between old adversaries and sparking concerns about potential military miscalculation.
From Ukraine and Sweden to the Baltics, Kaliningrad and Belarus, troops will be maneuvering on both sides of the line that divides Russia from NATO and its partners.
“So it will be getting crowded, especially in the Baltic Sea area,” said Lukasz Kulesa, a security analyst with the European Leadership Network's Warsaw office. “Plus, we will be watching each other's exercises ... so there's always a risk of an incident or accident.”
The flurry of war games, combined with more NATO and Russian forces based near possible flashpoints, highlights the changed security environment in Europe since Russia invaded Ukraine in 2014.
Russia says its Zapad (“West”) maneuvers will include 13,000 troops, but some NATO allies expect as many as 100,000 troops.
The main movements take place mostly in Belarus, but it's suspected they will coincide with exercises stretching from Moscow's fortified enclave of Kaliningrad back into contiguous Russia.
<element>
Every few years, Moscow moves forces into Belarus for Zapad, the Olympics of Russian war games, which traditionally has focused on rivals in the West. The 2013 iteration involved some 90,000 troops in one of the largest Russian exercises since the collapse of the Soviet Union.
Russia has since annexed Ukraine's Crimean Peninsula, supported separatists in that country's east and launched an intervention in Syria that propped up its ally, Bashar Assad.
Historically, Zapad has given Russian forces a chance to test new equipment and tactics, whether perfecting a tank invasion into NATO territory during the Cold War or doing dress rehearsals for more recent operations, such as the Ukraine invasion or the 2008 war with Georgia.
NATO has intensified its operations since the Ukraine invasion, particularly along the eastern flank in deployments the alliance previously avoided for fear of provoking Russia.
Strengthening the ‘trip wire'
The U.S. and its allies are moving forward with their own ambitious set of exercises. In September, the Army will kick off Rapid Trident, a long-planned exercise in western Ukraine involving 10 nations. In the Baltics, the 173rd Airborne Brigade will deploy 600 troops for the duration of Zapad, conducting drills and keeping watch.
In Sweden, about 20,000 troops will assemble in September. A U.S. Patriot battery and a National Guard tank unit are expected to join them.
Kulesa said that while chances of conflict remain remote, there are risks connected to the heightened activity.
<gallery>
Russia has gone to great lengths to track NATO activities, using small drones and aircraft flying without transponders to test alliance air defenses, Kulesa said. Russia also has flown close to U.S. reconnaissance aircraft flying in international space over the Baltic Sea.
“It is a big change from 2009, 2010, when NATO allies were pressuring not to have any contingency plans for the Baltics, let alone any troop presence,” said former Estonian President Toomas Ilves, an advocate for a more robust NATO presence in the region.
Yet deterring Russian aggression without provoking it requires a delicate balance. Some analysts warn that large war games raise the risks of miscalculations.
“I worry about the role that exercises such as Zapad play in fueling the action-reaction cycle of Russia-West confrontation,” Kulesa said. “If the Zapad scenario includes sending rapidly massive airborne and tank units to Belarus, or conducing precision strikes with weapons capable of carrying nuclear warheads, then of course this will make (it) more likely that NATO will tailor its defenses accordingly.”
Meanwhile, Russia has moved some of its readiest units near the Baltics in recent years.
Russia has 22 battalions in its Western Military District, 13 of which are tank, wheeled or mechanized infantry units, according to the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. The Baltic states combined have 11 infantry battalions and no heavy armor units.
NATO has moved to close the gap, adding reinforced battalions in all three Baltic countries and Poland, where a U.S. Stryker squadron is positioned.
“Let's face it, a (NATO) battalion in each country is more of a trip wire,” Ilves said. ”But the troop levels — I think it is appropriate. It does show there is a commitment on the part of NATO (while) at the same time, a battalion doesn't represent a threat to anybody.”
Reading Russia's intentions
Russia maintains a decided advantage in firepower, with 10 artillery battalions in the Baltic region. It also has five surface-to-surface missile battalions.
“In comparison, NATO forces suffer from a serious deficit in tubed artillery, rocket launchers, and (submarine-launched missiles). In short, NATO's lighter forces are outgunned by Russia,” a Carnegie Endowment report stated.
Russia also keeps 27 combat air squadrons in its Western Military District and six battalions of assault helicopters, which NATO would have to scramble to match in a crisis.
The firepower advantage, coupled with an anticipated surge in forces for upcoming war games, has NATO's attention.
“It is a muscle-flexing exercise. On the other hand, I really don't think Russia would risk doing anything more than that,” Ilves said. “I think it is a case of psychological pressure.”
<element>
Allies worry that Russia could use the Zapad drills to leave a large residual force in Belarus, which would pose a threat to Poland and Lithuania. Moscow has dismissed such suspicions as Western hysteria.
Some analysts think it is unlikely that Russia will seek to leave behind a major force in Belarus, given the country's desire to strengthen economic ties with the West.
“The Belarusians are not so keen on getting into bed with them (the Russians),” said Pal Dunay, a security expert at the George C. Marshall European Center for Security Studies. “Belarusians are being fully transparent and really don't want to be in a situation where they are put in a bad light.”
Philip Breedlove, NATO's former supreme allied commander, said such suspicions stem from Russia's lack of transparency.
“All nations have the right to exercise,” Breedlove said. “What we don't have the right to do in Europe is to be irresponsible or overzealous in our exercises.”
vandiver.john@stripes.com
Twitter: @john_vandiver
Hollywood's studios and writers have reached a deal ending the threat of a strike that would have paralyzed the film and television business, according to multiple reports.
The Writers Guild of America (WGA) and the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers (AMPTP) struck the agreement early Tuesday, Variety said.
Variety said the two sides ended the standoff just after midnight, when the previous contract expiration deadline passed.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Your Negotiating Committee is pleased to report that we have reached a tentative agreement with the AMPTP that we can recommend for ratification,” the WGA told members in an early Tuesday memo.
“Did we get everything we wanted? No,” it continued. “Everything we deserve? Certainly not.”
“But because we had the near unanimous backing of you and your fellow writers, we were able to achieve a deal that will net this Guild's members $130 million more, over the life of the contract, than the pattern we were expected to accept.”
BuzzFeed said that the WGA would reveal the contract's new details Thursday at its headquarters in Los Angeles.
The WGA was seeking higher pay for its writers, it said, and greater AMPTP contributions to the union's health insurance fund.
The guild also pressed for writers to receive pay for their time rather than per episode due to the prevalence of shorter television series.
Variety said negotiations between the two sides began March 13 and stalled twice before Tuesday's agreement.
The last WGA strike began in November 2007 and put thousands of people out of work over the course of 100 days.
Justin Constantine and his wife, Dahlia, in Alexandria, Va., in 2014. (Courtesy of Justin Constantine)
Justin Constantine is a former Marine, senior advisor to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce's Hiring Our Heroes campaign and a fellow with the Truman National Security Project.
I wear the scars of my service in Iraq on my face.
While on a routine combat patrol in 2006 as a civil affairs team leader with a Marine infantry battalion, I was shot in the head by a sniper — the bullet tore apart my jaw and the lower half of my face. Although I was initially thought to have been killed instantly, I survived, thanks to the heroic actions of several Marines and an incredible Navy corpsman, although I look a little different now.
I've adjusted to my new appearance, but not everyone else has. I'm a confident guy with a loving wife who has walked with me every step of the way through my recovery, so I can brush off the occasional stranger whose glance lasts a little longer than it should. But sometimes interactions with otherwise well-meaning people get on my nerves.
You can tell when you're talking to someone that they're thinking about your wounds. It comes up in subtle ways. And frankly, while I know that they usually mean no harm, sometimes it's annoying, because it distracts from the topics I'd like to talk about, whether that's my latest business venture or just a comment about the weather this week.
I consult for a number of companies and organizations seeking to recruit veterans, and as part of that work, I've trained many civilians on how to speak to and engage with current and former members of the military. But as we continue, as a society, to address the challenges facing those who've sacrificed for this country, I think it would be helpful for the general public to have a better sense of the etiquette for talking to a wounded vet. Here are a few things people should know:
Don't pity us. Treat us like everyone else.
We appreciate compassion, but we don't need pity. Those of us who've worn the uniform signed up knowing we could be sent to war and possibly wounded or killed. Most combat veterans I know, even those who've been severely wounded, are thankful to be alive and they're thinking about the same things their fellow Americans do from day to day: our jobs, the long line at the supermarket, picking up kids from soccer practice, etc.
Don't bring up PTSD. Ask us about our day.
We may be dealing with post-traumatic stress disorder. Or not. But PTSD isn't just a condition that affects service members. According to the Department of Veterans Affairs, 11 to 20 percent of Iraq and Afghanistan veterans will experience PTSD, but consider that 7 to 8 percent of the population as a whole will experience PTSD at some point in their lives. Either way, it's not necessarily something we want to discuss until we know you better. Or ever. Instead, ask us how we're doing or, “How's your day?” just like you would anyone else.
Don't make promises. Make friends.
In recent years, combat vets often met politicians and business leaders while in recovery. They left us a mountain of business cards and many made promises, but in plenty of instances, when we needed a job later, not all of them were there for us. Instead of making promises, just try to get to know us as a friend or potential colleague.
Don't assume we're helpless. Let us help you.
We may be wounded, but we're pretty tough. We don't need you to make ostentatious displays out of helping those of us with mobility challenges when we're going through a doorway or up a flight of stairs. Instead, try to think about ways we might help you, considering all the different balls we have had to keep in the air throughout our long recoveries. Wounded warriors are resilient, experienced and smart. It'd be a wise move to hire us.
Don't ignore our caregivers. Involve them in the conversation.
We're just one member of a team. Very few wounded warriors are able to have successful recoveries without our family and friends. My wife, for example, had to drop everything in her life for me because I needed full-time care — she helped clothe and bathe me, monitored my medications, encouraged me to seek PTSD counseling, motivated me and showed me a light at the end of the tunnel. Make sure that when you're communicating with us that you include caregivers in the conversation.
If these five rules seem like too much, then condense it to this: When in doubt, treat us like you would treat anyone else. Remember that although our combat wounds are a part of who we are, they don't define us.
Yes, I'm a wounded veteran. But I'm also an experienced lawyer, a Marine, a national security expert, a motivational speaker, an entrepreneur and a husband. If the only thing you're thinking about when you talk to me is the first thing on that list, you're going to miss out on the rest of me.
At the very least, do it for yourself. In a professional setting, in particular, approaching a wounded veteran as a whole person and as a peer — taking advantage of our skills — could be what helps your business land that next deal.
The Nexus 7 is arguably the leading Android tablet, and for good reason. It's slim, trim, powerful, and affordable. If you want to keep it safe though, you'll need a decent case or protective sleeve for it—one that'll protect it from drops, bumps, or other things in your bag. This week we're looking at five of the best Nexus 7 cases, based on your nominations.
Earlier in the week, we asked you which Nexus 7 cases were the best. You responded with tons of great suggestions, but a few stood out above the others, either because of the protection they offered, the price, or the look and feel. Here's your favorite picks, in no particular order:
Advertisement
What's the Best Nexus 7 Case? The Nexus 7 is arguably the most popular and powerful Android tablet on the market, but if you want … Read more Read
The polls are closed and the votes are counted! To see which of these great Nexus 7 cases you thought was the best for your money, head over to our hive five followup post to see and discuss the winner!
Advertisement
MoKo Slim-Fit Multi-Angle Case
The MoKo Slim-Fit Multi-Angle Case is actually available for the Nexus 7 (both old and 2013 versions) and the Nexus 10, and features soft polyurethane "leather" outer cover binding and hard plastic backing and side protection to keep your tablet safe from drops and dings. It also features a padded cover and microfiber interior so you don't scratch or scuff the body of your tablet. The Slim-Fit case is available in dozens of colors to suit your style, a sport a handgrip in the back you can slide your fingers into while you use the tablet with the other hand.
Advertisement
When you want to set it on your desk, the case can be set in two different configurations—a flatter typing angle where you can work with the tablet, and a more upright angle that's suitable for watching video, reading, or video chatting. Those of you who nominated the MoKo case praised it for being a full cover that protects your tablet on all sides, supporting auto-on and off when you open or close the case cover, and of course, the price. Both Nexus 7 models are available at Amazon for $17.
Poetic Slimline Case
Advertisement
Poetic's Slimline series of cases are available for a variety of tablets, including both old and new iterations of Google's Nexus 7. All of the Slimline cases offer auto-sleep and wake when you close and open the case, full-body protection for the back and sides of the case (with cutouts for access to ports, like most other cases here), and a soft, padded front that's also flexible for use in landscape mode, whether you're typing and working with the tablet or sitting back and watching videos or reading. The cases all feature a hard rubberized outer shell for the back, and the front has a microfiber interior so it doesn't scratch your screen.
Those of you who praised the Poetic line of cases noted the company's exceptional customer service if you have problems with their cases, their flexibility, and the strength of the front cover—which unlike a lot of cases, it is capable of keeping the tablet firmly in landscape mode while you use it without sliding all over the place. Some of you also noted that the cover magnets are strong and firm, so the case won't just fall open (which would simultaneously wake your tablet and waste your battery). The price is right too; a Slimline will set you back $15 for the new Nexus 7 and $13 for the original Nexus tablet at Amazon.
Advertisement
Devicewear Ridge
Advertisement
Devicewear makes a number of cases for a variety of devices, all of them quality crafted folio designs that are flexible and can keep your tablet safe while simultaneously serving as a multi-angle stand when necessary. All of their cases are remarkably slim and light, and made from a soft-but-authentic-feeling polyurethane leather material (the company specifically markets its leather as animal-friendly, since no animal products are used in manufacturing it). They also sport cover magnets that auto-sleep and wake your Nexus when you close or open the case, and even though the leather actually isn't leather at all, it has a premium feel. The case backing is a firm plastic shell that your tablet snaps into securely, and the cover can be adjusted to keep the screen right where you want it.
Those of you who nominated the Ridge noted that premium feel at an affordable price, multiple standing positions (up to six different angles!), and the fact that it works with a Qi wireless charger. The sheer fact that it's so easily adjustable and highly customizable makes it a strong contender. If you're interested in one, they're available direct from Devicewear for $40 for the new Nexus 7 and $50 for the original, or you can get a break at Amazon and grab one for $25 for the 2013 Nexus 7 and $15 for the original Nexus 7.
Advertisement
Portenzo Book Case
Advertisement
If you're a fan of book-style cases that keep your tablet safe on all sides but look like a notebook and less like a folio, the Portenzo Book Case for Nexus will definitely pique your interest. Each Portenzo case is handmade from maple wood (with hand-sanded corners to ensure a perfect fit), cover magnets so your Nexus will auto wake or sleep when you open or shut the case and can be configured to order with a simple elastic strap, a camera opening so you can use your tablet's rear camera without having to take it out of the case, additional magnets to keep your case in place while you use it, and more. The Portenzo even sports a space for your stylus if you use one, and you can order a stylus with the case if you like. Add on the optional "Intellistand" and you'll get a case that can transform into a landscape mode stand whenever you need to use it that way.
More than a few of you highlighted the Portenza cases as a more affordable, customizable option to other more popular book-style wooden cases, and specifically praised the company's attention to detail, the the firm wooden cases being particularly good for travel, and the special cutouts for all of your ports that won't sacrifice side protection. If you're interested, they'll set you back $60 direct for the new Nexus 7 or $40 for the original Nexus 7. If you want the Intellicase option, add $10, and if you want the camera opening in the rear, add $5 to whatever configuration you choose. If you want to add tougher magnets to the case closure, that's another $10. For the price though, you get a highly personal, customized, handmade case with just the features you need.
RooCASE SlimShell with Origami Cover
Advertisement
RooCASE actually makes a number of cases for the original Nexus 7 and for the new Nexus 7, but the one that earned the most nominations is the RooCASE SlimShell with the Origami Cover. In short, the SlimShell is RooCASE's slimmest model (and only available for the new Nexus 7), and the Origami Cover is designed to fold at multiple angles to make for the perfect soft-shelled case design. The specially designed cover can fold up almost like a triangle, which keeps the tablet secure on a work surface both in portrait or landscape mode while you use it, or you sit back and watch video or read. The case body is polycarbonate, and the case cover is a soft polyurethane with a microfiber inner lining. The SlimShell also supports auto-sleep and wake thanks to the magnets on the inside of the case, and it comes in a variety of colors to choose from.
A number of you rallied behind it because of that Origami Cover, specifically because it keeps the tablet upright both in landscape and portrait mode, which is a much overlooked feature in affordable cases. Plus, many of you noted that it's exceptionally thin and won't add a ton of bulk to your Nexus while you carry it around, which is a huge plus. Finally, the price is very definitely right—you can snag one for $10 at Amazon.
Advertisement
Now that you've seen your top five, it's time to put them to an all-out vote to decide the community favorite.
Advertisement
The honorable mention this week goes out to Google's Nexus 7 Case. It's guaranteed to fit, it's $50, and it looks sharp. It's available in a number of colors, and function-wise it works as a simple folio, as a typing stand, or as a media stand you can use while you're watching movies or in a Google Hangout with someone else. If the others here are too fancy for your tastes, go for the simple, basic, made-by-Google-for-Google option. I'm partial to the white one with red trim.
Have something to say about one of the contenders? Want to make the case for your personal favorite, even if it wasn't included in the list? Remember, the top five are based on your most popular nominations from the call for contenders thread from earlier in the week. Don't just complain about the top five, let us know what your preferred alternative is—and make your case for it—in the discussions below.
The Hive Five is based on reader nominations. As with most Hive Five posts, if your favorite was left out, it didn't get the nominations required in the call for contenders post to make the top five. We understand it's a bit of a popularity contest. Have a suggestion for the Hive Five? Send us an email at tips+hivefive@lifehacker.com!
Advertisement
Struggling photography company Kodak has made another step towards exiting Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Today, a New York judge approved a plan to emerge from bankruptcy, reducing its debt by $4.1 billion. Earlier this year, a court approved $844 million in financing for Kodak, and the company sold a hefty patent portfolio for over $500 million in 2012. As Kodak exits bankruptcy, it's offering creditors a much-reduced repayment on $2.2 billion in debt; to help finance its recovery, it also needs to sell $406 million in stock.
As part of its reorganization, Kodak has backed away from consumer products, ending its production of once-ubiquitous digital cameras and somewhat less ubiquitous home inkjet printers. Instead, it will focus on selling commercial printing tools, creating a core business that can operate on lean funding and a far smaller set of employees — Kodak has already gone through several rounds of mass layoffs.
Judge Allan Gropper, who approved the plan, was sympathetic to Kodak and its plight, seeing it as a symbol of larger problems with the national economy. "Kodak is one of the best-known names of American business," Bloomberg quotes him as saying. "Its decline in bankruptcy is a tragedy of American economic life. I've reviewed dozens of letters from Kodak shareholders asking how the company in which they invested fell so far."
Russia has suspended a 15-year-old agreement with the US under which each country was to dispose of 34 metric tons of plutonium. The Kremlin blames deteriorating bilateral relations and the Obama administration's intention to scrap the mixed oxide (MOX) fuel fabrication facility that is under construction at the Department of Energy's Savannah River Site in South Carolina.
On 3 October Russian president Vladimir Putin submitted to the Duma a measure formally suspending the 2000 pact. A Kremlin statement pointed to US interference in Ukraine, economic sanctions imposed by the US in the wake of Russia's annexation of the Crimea, and a buildup of NATO forces in nations bordering Russia “resulting in a fundamental change in strategic stability” between the two superpowers.
The statement also said the US had yet to consult with Russia over its plan to change what had been the mutually agreed disposition route: conversion of the surplus plutonium into MOX fuel, which is suitable for nuclear power plants but not nuclear weapons. US officials have long acknowledged that they would need Russian approval to implement DOE's alternative approach of diluting the plutonium with an inert material for burial at the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant (WIPP) in Carlsbad, New Mexico. But Putin told reporters in April that the dilute-and-dispose method was unacceptable because the plutonium could be retrieved from the mixture and used for weapons.
The K Area Complex at the Savannah River Site in South Carolina handles and stores the country's excess plutonium. Credit: US Department of Energy
A spokesperson for DOE's National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) says the US “remains fully committed to verifiably disposing of our surplus plutonium, and is disappointed with Russia's unilateral decision.” The Russian action “only reinforces the Administration's intent to pursue the already proven dilute-and-dispose approach, which will save tens of billions of dollars.”
In September DOE released a new estimate that placed the cost to finish building the MOX facility at $17.1 billion, with a completion date of 2048. Two months earlier, project contractor CB&I AREVA MOX Services produced an estimate of $10 billion and set completion for 2029. DOE assumed annual funding of $350 million—close to the $345 million appropriated in fiscal year 2016; with unconstrained funding requiring in excess of $1 billion per year for four years, the plant could be built for $11.8 billion and completed in seven years. Some $4.6 billion, near the original 2007 estimated cost for completion, has been spent to date, the agency reported.
The NNSA spokesperson said the estimated lifetime cost, including operating expenses, for the MOX fuel approach is more than $50 billion. Although a life-cycle cost estimate for the dilute-and-dispose approach is still in development, a 2015 review team chaired by Oak Ridge National Laboratory director Thom Mason estimated annual costs of the program at about $400 million annually, compared to $700 million–$800 million for the MOX fuel path.
Existing facilities at the Savannah River Site can be used to dilute and package the plutonium. Officials at the site announced last month that they will begin processing 6 tons of plutonium oxide that isn't covered under the Russia–US agreement. Mixing the plutonium with the classified inert material known as stardust will render the plutonium unusable for weapons, the department says. The NNSA spokesperson acknowledged that SRS facilities would need to be expanded to fully implement the dilute-and-dispose program.
The Obama administration's plan to abandon the MOX plant has been steadfastly opposed by South Carolina legislators, and construction has continued since the administration first proposed alternative approaches in 2013. In February the state sued DOE, claiming the agency had failed to meet the terms of an agreement specifying that 1 ton of plutonium be removed from the state by 1 January 2016. The lawsuit seeks up to $100 million in fines.
But DOE is unable to ship diluted plutonium, which it considers transuranic waste, to WIPP for permanent disposal. The repository has been closed for repairs since February 2014, when an improperly packaged waste container exploded and contaminated the underground facility. The department plans to reopen WIPP in the next several months, but the facility won't be able to accept waste at full capacity for several years.
Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC), who has led the congressional effort to keep the MOX plant alive, had frequently cited the need to honor the now-suspended agreement with Russia. In a statement, Graham blamed “gross incompetency of this administration [for leaving] the fate of 34 metric tons of Russian weapons grade plutonium in doubt.” He said that the “deliberate assault on the MOX program and South Carolina” by Obama and DOE “needs to stop immediately. As it is, our next president will inherit a mess.”
April 22, 2010
Info below is from a henrymakow.com reader. His analysis seems plausible:
This is in relationship to the gunshots fired as the pilots who flew the ghost plane might have survived the bellyflop type of landing; the wings and fuel were off the plane as well. I checked the cockpit contours with a standard photo of this plane too. This photo of the crashed plane appears to be a cockpit, and it was intact enough for an escape through an emergency window exit.
FRIDAY APRIL 23
Now, believe the plane left Poland with all passengers with a crack flight team in the cockpit (4) and this plane had been all done over in December with state of the art equipment, but I believe the pilots were in touch with the tower in -Smolensk-, and based on what they were told landed in Belarus which is still under a soft Russian control even though there is a certain amount of independence with one exception, as all old these old military bases for plane landings are under the control of Russia.
The key to this entire conspiracy is manifested with numerous eyewitness reports and videos; in fact, all press who stayed at a nearby hotel to report the event had all there photos and all video equipment confiscated by the Russian secret police. Yep, and when the patsy plane was flying in for a landing the speed was low, and two kids on are youtube video described that one wing hit a tree and came off, and then the other wing slammed into a power line and it came off. This was not a power crash at all, but rather a floating crash, and many should have survived the impact - very little fire.
Now the patsy plane that was sent to Smolensk on a schedule from Russia was either sent there to deliver a passenger or to pick someone up under military order, so even four or five at the most were on this patsy plane, and it was just business as usual with one catch; the tower was given instructions to make it crash in order to cover up the real operation at hand. Ok now lets get to the bottom line with this scenario, and why I spent a lot of time watching this all.
All videos and eyewitness reports who were at the scene first, saw no luggage and no bodies anywhere so go figure with a plane that held almost 100 people - poof. Come on give me a break as this was a belly flop type of crash with very little fire on landing.
Makow comment: This would account for why there were no ambulances. The plane was empty except for possibly the pilots who may have been killed. The same kind of airport "reception" may have greeted the passengers on the 9-11 planes.
More from an informed reader:
The pilots approaching Smolensk contrary to media reports diverted their landing elsewhere based on the reports given to them by the tower and probably landed at another military airport in Belarus. Then the old KGB arrested all, and none of these people will ever see the light of day. It is called the plane-switch, whereby, an identical plane was ordered from somewhere with four in the cockpit, according to union laws of flight in Russia, to deliver a passenger to Smolensk.
Russia now controls the defense and security policy of Belarus, has established military bases, and runs key defense installations.
Now, remember that Putin was there about a week before, and his comrades in the tower were given orders to fudge a landing and cause an intentional crash for the patsies flying in on a very fixed schedule; plan a clean up team to make things look good; kill anyone in sight; and the black boxes would be fixed to say this or that; propaganda would abound to confuse; and you will all be rewarded. Henry there is no other explanation, but when my theory is put in place it makes sense. cockpit.jpg Sunday April 26 This is in relationship to the gunshots fired as the pilots who flew the ghost plane might have survived the bellyflop type of landing; the wings and fuel were off the plane as well. I checked the cockpit contours with a standard photo of this plane too. This photo of the crashed plane appears to be a cockpit, and it was intact enough for an escape through an emergency window exit.
FRIDAY APRIL 23
Now, believe the plane left Poland with all passengers with a crack flight team in the cockpit (4) and this plane had been all done over in December with state of the art equipment, but I believe the pilots were in touch with the tower in -Smolensk-, and based on what they were told landed in Belarus which is still under a soft Russian control even though there is a certain amount of independence with one exception, as all old these old military bases for plane landings are under the control of Russia.
The key to this entire conspiracy is manifested with numerous eyewitness reports and videos; in fact, all press who stayed at a nearby hotel to report the event had all there photos and all video equipment confiscated by the Russian secret police. Yep, and when the patsy plane was flying in for a landing the speed was low, and two kids on are youtube video described that one wing hit a tree and came off, and then the other wing slammed into a power line and it came off. This was not a power crash at all, but rather a floating crash, and many should have survived the impact - very little fire.
Now the patsy plane that was sent to Smolensk on a schedule from Russia was either sent there to deliver a passenger or to pick someone up under military order, so even four or five at the most were on this patsy plane, and it was just business as usual with one catch; the tower was given instructions to make it crash in order to cover up the real operation at hand. Ok now lets get to the bottom line with this scenario, and why I spent a lot of time watching this all.
All videos and eyewitness reports who were at the scene first, saw no luggage and no bodies anywhere so go figure with a plane that held almost 100 people - poof. Come on give me a break as this was a belly flop type of crash with very little fire on landing.
Makow comment: This would account for why there were no ambulances. The plane was empty except for possibly the pilots who may have been killed. The same kind of airport "reception" may have greeted the passengers on the 9-11 planes.
http://birdflu666.wordpress. com/2010/04/27/new- information-from-black-box- raises-more-questions/
Read this one carefully because it contains so many of the points which I have previous made. The plane which was circling the airport appears to have been seeding the area as Russia has indeed been involved with weather technology, so a temporary fog was created. The cockpit was intact and it is utter nonsense to believe they were burned, as the boys saw the approach and one wing hit a tree, and the other wing got sliced by a hydro wire. Thus, all the fuel was gone before the belly flop landing took place which meant virtually no fire. It was a rare plane crash, and there should have been survivors but no bodies to be seen out of 96 passengers - sure and it is time once again to believe in the tooth fairy.
Polish Prosecutor Seeks Answers in Russia
Monday:
Twin Brother to Run for Polish President
http://birdflu666.wordpress.com/2010/04/26/killed-polish-presidents-brother-to-run-for-election-in-june/
Crash Videographer murdered
(left, Empty seats where Polish leadership would have commemorated the victims of the Katyn Massacre.)
How Satanists Say "We're Sorry"
By Henry Makow, Ph.D.
In April 1940, the Soviet NKVD massacred the cream of Poland's nationalist and Christian intelligentsia in the Katyn Forest and elsewhere. They were slaughtered because they wouldn't agree to join the Communists in fronting a future occupation of Poland.
Seventy years later, on April 10, 2010, the heirs of the NKVD, who still run Russia, probably finished the job. They probably engineered a plane crash which killed the Polish President, the heads of the army and navy, the secret service and much of the patriotic wing of the Polish government. Thus they neatly eliminated one more obstacle to Satanic world government which is descending on the planet like a dreaded darkness.
This is how Satanists say, "We're sorry!" By repeating the outrage, again and again, until they are finally stopped.
The grounds for suspicion are numerous.
1. The plane was Russian and had recently been "refurbished" in Russia.
One blogger, a pilot, wrote, " Circumstances, however, point to a major accident or intentional blocking of the control system. Such a blockade may be intentionally installed so that it launched at a release from the chassis or flaps on the line immediately before landing."
2. As in the Pentagon attack, where there was no wreckage, there were no bodies to be found. Here is the YouTube. If the plane was at tree height, there would have been survivors. There would have been bodies. There would have been luggage. As with the 9-11 passengers, it is possible the occupants were taken off the plane somewhere else, held or murdered. On Saturday, Russian authorities said all bodies had been found. On Monday the story had changed.
A Polish observer wrote: " Given the unlikelihood of Poland's top political and military leaders flying on the same plan, the execution or kidnapping of some of them in Poland cannot be ruled out. To explain their deaths to the general public, their names could have been added to the passenger list. According to media, only 14 bodies could be identified in Moscow with the rest being too badly burned."
A Polish friend wrote to me: " There is no sign of even one body or blood, the Polish cameraman thought that the plane was empty and when he was walking and recording it, he just noticed in shock that the plane was Polish but still didn't know it was President's plane.
" The plane was very low, at the level of trees but they could recognize only 14 bodies, the rest was shattered into pieces or burnt and needed DNA testing.
" They never called any ambulances, no doctors, only one fire engine and immediately they stated that nobody survived.In this video there is nobody searching for bodies, nobody looking if any people needed help, just fire engine and quite quickly coffins were sent. They said first that all the bodies were found and then next day, that only 14 could be recognized and they were still searching for bodies. There is lie after lie. Most of the people on the plane were the president's supporters and belonged to his party, being in strong opposition to prime minister who wasn't there.The cameraman was caught and pushed away from the place, he said later on TV that there was no chance there could be over 80 bodies ( which was cut off later from TV interview), he hasn't seen even one. "
3. The entourage was supposed to travel by train. Suddenly the plans were changed and the generals were induced to join the group.
4. Eye witnesses heard explosions. A bomb? Another said the fog appeared just before the landing and quickly dispersed afterward. The Russians claimed the pilot didn't speak Russian which turned out to be a lie. The New York Times peddled the story that the President made the pilot land against his better judgment. This is the same New York Times that hid Stalin's mass murders from the American people.
My Polish friend writes: " Others say clearly about hearing the noise like from a bomb exploding and then silence.Besides, if there are awful conditions the plane is not allowed to land and the airport is closed for landing.
"It seems, that they were just normally trying to land with no worries and problems and suddenly something happened with the plane that lead all of them to death.
" The most valuable, christian and patriotic head of Poland has been wiped out with one blow, now the way is free, nobody will interrupt big brother any more. "
I don't know how the Satanists pulled off 9-11 but I know the official story is not true. The same applies here. Accidents like this don't happen by accident. In one stroke, the globalist Masons, who are behind Putin as well as Obama, removed a thorn in their side.
Yes the Poles are in Afghanistan, but they had been steering an independent course on the Euro and the EU, and they rejected the swine flu vaccine and hysteria. Kaczynski was regarded as skeptical of the European Union while he fought to defend Poland's sovereignty against Brussels and to protect its traditional, conservative values. In 2008, he argued against ratifying the union's Lisbon Treaty for fear its prohibition of discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation would become Polish law.
By virtue of its Catholic heritage, Poland is one of the last bastions of civilization in Europe. This will make the struggle of the Polish people, and all those resisting satanic and globalist enslavement, all the more difficult.
---
Related- From Christopher Story's World Report- Poland's Suspicious Second Katyn Tragedy (includes casualty list)
The Op-Ed protesting this is in the RG here, and the requesters have petitioned Oregon AG Ellen Rosenblum:
… So we are filing a request for review with the Oregon attorney general. Why? Because 39 local units of Oregon government want to charge us more than $40,100 in special fees just to produce simple records of public employee salaries.
If these units succeed in imposing what is essentially a transparency tax, our organization could face future fees up to $4 million across 1,509 units of government to simply compile a complete record of all government expenditures: salaries, pensions and vendor transactions. Levying extreme fees — a tactic used to keep government spending hidden — is a violation of Oregon's open records law.
What on earth could Lane County, which wants to charge us $23,000 in fees, be hiding? …
To my knowledge Ellen Rosenblum's office has only made one order requiring an agency to waive fees for a public records request since she took over from John Kroger in 2012. It was for $2.75, and it was very carefully worded to avoid creating a useful precedent for those trying to get records from the state.
In fact one interpretation of her office's order is that agencies should *increase* their fees, since the DOJ has ruled that the burden on the agency of waiving small fees is trivial. So it's good to hear that her office will have another chance to show that they are serious about public records reform.
The DOJ's full $2.75 Public Records Order is here:
1. Gold is so rare that the world pours more steel in one hour than it has gold since the beginning of recorded history.
2. Gold has been discovered on every continent on earth.
3. Gold melts at 2063 degrees Fahrenheit. It is an excellent conductor of heat and electricity and it never rusts.
4. The majority of gold that has been discovered throughout history is still in circulation. But it is thought that 80% of the world's gold is still undiscovered in the ground.
5. In the early twentieth century, a French medical study suggests that gold is an effective treatment for rheumatoid arthritis.
6. Gold is so pliant that it can be made into sewing thread. One ounce of gold can be stretched over 50 miles.
7. Gold is edible. Some Asian countries put gold in fruit, jelly snacks, coffee, and tea. Since at least the 1500s, Europeans have been putting gold leaf in bottles of liquor, such as Danziger Goldwasser and Goldschlager. Some Native American tribes believed consuming gold could allow humans to levitate.
8. The largest gold nugget ever found is the “Welcome Stranger” discovered by John Deason and Richard Oates in Australia on February 5, 1869. The nugget is 10 by 25 inches and yielded 2,248 ounces of pure gold. It was found just two inches below the ground surface.
9. Gold is chemically inert, which also explains why it never rusts and does not cause skin irritation. If gold jewelry irritates the skin, it is likely that the gold was mixed with some other metal.
10. One cubic foot of gold weighs half a ton (1,000 lbs). The world's largest gold bar weighs 200 kilograms (440 lbs).
11. In 1912, the Olympic gold medals were made entirely of gold. The gold medals from the 2014 Olympic Games in Sochi contained 6 grams of gold.
12. Around 1200 B.C., the Egyptians used unshorn sheepskin to mine for gold dust from the sands of the Black Sea. This practice is most likely the inspiration for the “Golden Fleece.”
13. There are more than 400 references to gold in the Bible, including specific instructions from God to cover furniture in the tabernacle with “pure gold.” Gold is also mentioned as one of the gifts of the Magi.
14. Between A.D. 307 and 324, the worth of one pound of gold in Rome rose from 100,000 denarii (a Roman coin) to 300,000 denarii. By the middle of the fourth century, a pound of gold was worth 2,120,000,000 denarii—an early example of runaway inflation, which was partly responsible for the collapse of the Roman Empire.
15. Originally the U.S. mint made $2.50, $10, and $15 coins of solid gold. Minting of gold stopped in 1933, during the Great Depression.
16. The San Francisco 49ers are named after the 1849 Gold Rush miners.
17. Gold and copper were the first metals to be discovered by humans around 5000 B.C. and are the only two non-white-colored metals.
18. The value of gold has been used as the standard for many currencies. After WWII, the United States created the Bretton Woods System, which set the value of the U.S. dollar to 1/35th of a troy ounce (888.671 mg) of gold. This system was abandoned in 1971 when there was no longer enough gold to cover all the paper money in circulation.
19. The world's largest stockpile of gold can be found five stories underground inside the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's vault and it holds 25% of the world's gold reserve (540,000 gold bars). While it contains more gold than Fort Knox, most of it belongs to foreign governments.
20. The “troy ounce” of gold comes from the French town of Troyes, which first created a system of weights in the Middle Ages used for precious metals and gems. One troy ounce is 480 grains. A grain is exactly 64.79892 mg.
21. The gold standard has been replaced by most governments by the fiat (Latin for “let it be done”) standard. Both Thomas Jefferson and Andrew Jackson strongly opposed fiat currency. Several contemporary economists argue that fiat currency increases the rate of boom-bust cycles and causes inflation.
22. The Mines of South Africa can descend as far as 12,000 feet and reach temperatures of 130°F. To produce an ounce of gold requires 38 man hours, 1400 gallons of water, enough electricity to run a large house for ten days, and chemicals such as cyanide, acids, lead, borax, and lime. In order to extract South Africa's yearly output of 500 tons of gold, nearly 70 million tons of earth are raised and milled.
23. Only approximately 142,000 tons of gold have mined throughout history. Assuming the price of gold is $1,000 per ounce, the total amount of gold that has been mined would equal roughly $4.5 trillion. The United States alone circulates or deposits over $7.6 trillion, suggesting that a return to the gold standard would not be feasible. While most scholars agree a return to a gold standard is not feasible, a few gold standard advocates (such as many Libertarians and Objectivists), argue that a return to a gold standard system would ease inflation risks and limit government power.
24. The first recorded gold ever discovered in the United States was was a 17-pound nugget found in Cabarrus, North Carolina. When more gold was discovered in Little Meadow Creek, North Carolina, in 1803, the first U.S. gold rush began.
25. In 1933, Franklin Roosevelt signed Executive Order 6102 which outlawed U.S. citizens from hoarding gold. Owning gold (except for jewelers, dentists, electricians, and other industry workers) was punishable by fine up to $10,000 and/or ten years in prison.
26. The purity of gold is measured in carat weight. The term “carat” comes from “carob seed,” which was standard for weighing small quantities in the Middle East. Carats were the fruit of the leguminous carob tree, every single pod of which weighs 1/5 of a gram (200 mg).
27. Carat weight can be 10, 12, 14, 18, 22, or 24. The higher the number, the greater the purity. To be called “solid gold,” gold must have a minimum weight of 10 carats. “Pure gold” must have a carat weight of 24, (though there is still a small amount of copper in it). Pure gold is so soft that it can be molded by hand.
28. Nearly all of the gold on Earth came from meteorites that bombarded the planet over 200 million years after it formed.
29. Malleability is a measure of how easily a material can be hammered into thin sheets. Gold is the most malleable element. A single ounce of gold can be beaten out into a sheet that is 300 square feet. A sheet of gold can be made thin enough to be transparent. Very thin sheets of gold may appear greenish blue because gold strongly reflects red and yellow.
30. Although gold is a heavy, dense metal, it is generally considered non-toxic. Gold metal flakes may be eaten in foods or drinks.
31. There is an estimated total of 10 billion tons of gold in the world's oceans. That is 25 tons of gold for every cubic mile of seawater.
32. Oceans are the greatest single reservoir of gold at Earth's surface, containing approximately eight times the total quantity of gold mined to date. However, the current cost of extracting it is more than the gold is worth.
33. There are 92 naturally occurring elements found in the earth's crust. Gold ranks 58th in rarity.
34. Two-thirds of the world's gold comes from South Africa.
35. South Dakota and Nevada produce more gold than any other states.
36. Scientists believe that gold can be found on Mars, Mercury, and Venus.
37. The visors of astronauts' helmets are coated in a very thin, transparent layer of gold (.000002 inches) that reduces glare and heat from sunlight.
Sources:
http://facts.randomhistory.com/2009/03/09_gold.html
http://www.investinganswers.com/investment-ideas/commodities-precious-metals/50-surprising-facts-you-never-knew-about-gold-1370
http://www.amnh.org/exhibitions/past-exhibitions/gold/eureka/gold-fun-facts
LONG BEACH, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — A grandfather faces charges after losing a loaded handgun at a Long Island movie theater, police say.
John Abatz, 66, was babysitting Tuesday when he brought his loaded Beretta handgun into a matinee showing of “Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children” at Long Beach Cinema 4, according to authorities.
The gun fell out of an ankle holder and landed in an aisle. Two 9-year-old girls found the gun and alerted the management, who called the police, CBS2's Lou Young reported.
“They did everything that a responsible adult would do and they're only 9 years old,” Long Beach Police Commissioner Michael Tagney said.
Police checked the serial number and called Abatz to the lobby, where he was arrested.
“When they asked him, ‘where did you lose your gun?' he says, ‘somewhere between Park Avenue and my seat,'” Tagney said.
The weapon was registered to Abatz, but he did not have a carry permit, police said.
CBS2 briefly spoke with Abatz at his Oceanside home, where he said he had nothing to say. Lou Young reported that he seemed embarrassed.
Some residents said the incident was unsettling.
“It was pretty scary to find there was a gun in our movie theater,” Sam Pinto said.
“I'm not really comfortable with guns in the movie theater,” Alice Leybengruber said. When asked whether she would hypothetically let Abatz babysit any more she replied, “that's tough.”
“He'd be on temporary restriction with re-training,” Sam Pinto said.
Abatz will be in court next month.
Dec 14, 2017
Shipping Container Duplex House Visualization
Shipping Container Duplex House Construction Process
Map
Architect Contact
Los Angeles, California
Austin, Texas
Shipping Container Duplex House, California
: Lucia Container Home: Peter DeMaria: 2,100 square feet and 2,300 square feet: Redondo Beach, California: 2017: Tony LaBruno, David Rosenfeld, Gil CastroWhen Paula Dowd and family decided to build a new shipping container duplex house on their property in South Redondo they wanted to do more than just build a home. They wanted to create something that represented the change they wished to see in the world.For the Dowd's, that change meant deciding to build with an alternative to wood-framed construction. So they went with shipping containers.The shipping container duplex house, in the 200 block of South Lucia Avenue, consists of 14 used containers as the main structural component. Each container, purchased from a company in the Port of Los Angeles, was welded together with holes carved out precisely for windows and doors.Dowd's home — which has been nicknamed the Lucia Container Home and is actually two homes on one 6,000 square-foot lot.Each home, at 2,100 square feet and 2,300 square feet respectively, has three bedrooms and two and a half baths. The back house also have an office.This weekend, the family celebrated the completion of the project with an open house, inviting friends and neighbors over to see the unique creation and learn more about sustainable building practices.“This has been an incredibly long, hard, fun, heart-wrenching, three-year process to make this project come to fruition,” Dowd said. “I think it will really become a stepping stone to a whole new world of possibility in sustainable building.”The Dowd family duplex, which will be shared with Dowd's mother in the front house, is the second home in Redondo Beach built with reused shipping containers. The first was built in North Redondo in 2005 and designed by the same architect, Peter DeMaria.“They are so far beyond our typical clients, I can't measure it,” DeMaria said of the Dowds. “They see the world through the sustainable mindset. They came to me with that. Usually I'm the guy saying we can live a different way, we don't have to live the same way we've lived for the past 200 years.”By choosing to use shipping containers, owners save roughly 30 percent off traditional wood framing, although sustainable fixtures and home decor often drive up the price. More importantly, what the Dowd's got from choosing the alternative method was peace of mind, they said."As we all have become more educated to the perils of our planet, we as a family just try to do what we can,” said Dowd, who's driven a Prius since 1996 but doesn't consider herself a “radical” environmentalist.“For us it was important because we were tearing something down that had been here since 1902," she said. "If we're going to destroy something that's here, we should replace it with something better. We just thought let's try it and see what happens.”Although the city of Redondo Beach dealt with a container home roughly a decade ago, Dowd said the permitting process for new shipping container duplex house was a considerable hassle she hopes future home builders won't have to experience.“Hopefully what we've learned here is going to be a stepping stone for people who are interested, because I think we solved a lot of problems,” Dowd said.Contractor Rudy Perez with Obed Group, who previously built one other container home, said without the experience he learned on the first project, building with containers can pose problems for the average home builder.“If you're not familiar with the details it could cause a lot of grief to a contractor,” he said.Wood framing is forgiving. If you cut a window too small or large, you can always change it. But with steel construction, you don't have that luxury, he said.For DeMaria, the evolution toward building with containers began more than 10 years ago when he took a sabbatical from his architecture career to study sustainable building practices. He struck upon containers as a building material and hasn't looked back.“Initially, we were looking for an alternative method of construction that just wasn't pursuing the madness of wood frame construction and to do something a bit more environmentally conscious,” DeMaria said. “After looking at it for a year and going around the United States, containers were it. It was the most untapped resource.”DeMaria, who now he teaches at University of Texas in Austin, is currently in the process of building his eighth container home.“They wanted to make a difference,” DeMaria said. “There are not many ways you can do that. You can go out and buy a car. You can put solar panels on your roof. You can buy materials that have been recycled and things like that. But this is a big expense. If you can do it on a house, it sends a bigger message to your kids and everybody and feels like you are making a difference.”Throughout the country, container home construction is catching on as a sustainable building trend. Projects vary from those that still largely resemble shipping containers from the outside, to homes like the Dowd's where the container features are subtly revealed.Walk down the driveway and you'll see the door latches to the containers that make up the garage. Walk up the steps and you'll see a few exposed steel beams. The home is also fitted for solar panels, though they have not been installed yet. And it will also include a Tesla home battery.All other building materials such as fixtures, tiles, drywall and insulation were also chosen with the environment in mind. The interiors of the homes, meanwhile, are modern and beachy while maximizing natural light.Dowd said the plan is to keep both homes in the family. For now, she and her husband will live in the back house with their two teenage children and Dowd's mother will reside in the front house.“We're very happy it's done,” Dowd said.This article originally appeared in tbrnews.com DeMaria Design, 642 Moulton Avenue, Studio W4, Los Angeles, CA 90031-3715(310) 809 1520Satellite Studio, Austin, TX 78738(310) 809 1520
Continuing our series on the challenges football in Australia is facing, Mike Ticher takes a look at Asia's impact on the A-League and a vexed relationship that is largely yet to bear fruit
It wasn't meant to be like this. In November 2006, when Sydney FC and Adelaide were confirmed as the first Australian clubs to take part in the Asian Champions League, Sydney's then chief executive, George Perry, was enthusiastic about the opportunity to represent Australia on the international stage and to improve the club's finances.
Where are all the great players? Australia paying price for ignoring development | John Davidson Read more
“The Asian Champions League gives our partners and the Sydney FC club a great chance to increase exposure in the important Asian market,” Perry said.
Fast forward a decade and Sydney are sizing up their fourth ACL campaign, but the promise of an Asian goldmine has not yet been fulfilled. In fact, if the experience of this year's participants is any guide, Sydney and the other qualifiers will be looking at a huge drain on their resources in 2018.
Last month Adelaide's chairman, Greg Griffin, complained that Australian clubs taking part in the ACL had been left to absorb losses of more than $200,000 each by the lack of support from FFA and the Asian confederation.
Griffin told the Adelaide Advertiser the financial impost was “a disaster” and maintained that his club and Brisbane Roar had considered withdrawing from the competition “because we are all bleeding cash representing Australia”.
The reasons are not hard to find. Away games in Asia involve huge travel costs that have almost never been defrayed by large crowds at home – no Australian team in this year's competition has drawn even 7,000 as all three representatives exited at the group stage. Limited income from broadcasting deals and marketing mean Australian clubs have little or no chance of breaking even unless they reach the later stages of the competition, and only two have gone past the quarter-final stage in 27 attempts since that 2007 debut.
I think everyone can see the opportunity that lies ahead in the ACL ... just a little bit of patience is required Mark Falvo
Mark Falvo, the A-League's head of strategy, international and government relations, says the Australian authorities are sympathetic to the clubs' position, and expect more investment to flow in the next commercial cycle, beginning in 2020.
“We understand the challenges the clubs face. But I think everyone can see the opportunity that lies ahead in the ACL, I think everyone can see the possibilities, it's just a little bit of patience that's required,” Falvo says.
Losing money is only one element of the disappointment that has set in around ACL participation. When Australia joined the Asian confederation in 2006, hopes were high that both the national team and the clubs representing the infant A-League would benefit from a broader change in outlook. There was much talk of how football's move chimed perfectly with the reorientation of Australia's economic and cultural priorities. The federal government's 2012 white paper Australia in the Asian Century (pdf) highlighted the value of joining the AFC and noted the “unique business networking opportunities” opened up by sporting links generally.
No one could argue the Socceroos have worse opportunities now than they did before 2006. But with the glaring exception of the hugely successful 2015 Asian Cup, there have been very few occasions when football has successfully engaged non-Asian Australians with the region, or Asian Australians with the local set-up.
The ACL has proved a particularly problematic vehicle for that journey. On the field, Australian clubs have never been able to undo the huge disadvantage of beginning their international campaign nearly a year after qualifying, and now that the A-League season stretches into May, they probably never will. Off it, that long lead-in gives them more time to prepare their commercial strategy, Falvo says (“the key to success is starting early”), but it's a much harder sell when the most crucial games for financial success come at the same time as the business end of the A-League season.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Brisbane coach John Aloisi has bemoaned the fact that Australian clubs have not been given the best chance to succeed in the ACL. Photograph: Bradley Kanaris/Getty Images
The demands of midweek travel to Asia imposed a ludicrously unfair burden on Brisbane particularly this season, as they do on any team good enough to remain in contention for honours two years in a row.
As John Aloisi pointed out, his players had to fly to Thailand and back for a game that would be played in 36C heat and 100% humidity, arriving home barely three days before their A-League semi-final in Melbourne against Victory. His decision to field a drastically weakened team against Muangthong United – in a game that ultimately confirmed Brisbane's failure to get through the group – was understandable, but hardly likely to foster any greater enthusiasm for the competition.
Promotion, relegation and expansion: football waits for the big step up | Joe Gorman Read more
“We still play in a league in which the federation hasn't given us the best opportunity to do as well as we would like to in the Champions League,” Aloisi told ESPN.
Muangthong's excellent showing this year has at least punctured the domination of Korean, Japanese and Chinese clubs in the latter stages of the ACL. The competition as a whole, and Australia in particular, would surely benefit if clubs from Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia and Indonesia could translate the vast interest in football in south-east Asia into stronger leagues and more credible challengers.
One cautious but welcome step in the right direction is the decision to implement the “4+1” rule from the start of the 2018-19 season, meaning one of the five berths for foreign players at A-League clubs must be filled by someone from a country in the Asian confederation. That should at least go some way towards balancing the flow of players which until now has sent plenty of Australia's best to the Japanese, Chinese and Korean leagues (not to mention the Middle East and even south-east Asia) while a bare sprinkling of mostly modest talent – with the outstanding exception of Shinji Ono – has come in the other direction.
Again money is a big factor, but Australian clubs' preference for European imports also suggests a blind spot in relation to Asia, despite all the expanding economic, migration and education links. While the prime minister is promoting links with China through the unlikely means of an AFL match, and off-season friendlies against Premier League teams attract vastly bigger crowds than any ACL game, it is clear that footballing bridges with Asia still need a lot more work.
Falvo says in contrast to the hoopla around last weekend's one-off AFL match in Shanghai, football's promotional efforts go on quietly, but consistently.
Why even $346m is not enough to prevent civil war in Australian football | Shaun Mooney Read more
“Perhaps we don't trumpet it quite as loudly as another code might, that's because for us it's not something that's so abnormal we need to make a big song and dance about it – it's actually part of what we do day in, day out, part of what we've been doing for over a decade now.”
In his 2015 analysis of Australian football's long and mostly unconsummated relationship with Asia, Joe Gorman wrote that “Asia is no longer our ‘neighbour' – we are increasingly and inevitably a part of Asia.”
But it is not inevitable that football will accept or capitalise on that – FFA, the A-League and the clubs still need to make it happen. As the A-League looks for a fresh lift and some new ideas at home, it is still struggling to reach out to the tantalising riches of Asia, which seem barely closer now than they did 10 years ago.
SANTA FE, N.M., Feb. 28, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sigma Labs, Inc. (Nasdaq:SGLB) (“Sigma Labs” or the “Company”), a provider of quality assurance software under the PrintRite3D® brand, today announced that management will visit the Nasdaq MarketSite in Times Square, New York on Thursday, March 2, 2017. At that time Mark Cola, president and chief executive officer, will ring the Opening Bell in recognition of the Company's recent offering, uplisting to the Nasdaq, its many contract awards, and vision for the future. A live webcast will be available via the Sigma Labs' website.
About Sigma Labs, Inc.
Sigma Labs, Inc. is a provider of quality assurance software under the PrintRite3D® brand and a developer of advanced, in-process, non-destructive quality assurance software for commercial firms worldwide seeking productive solutions for advanced manufacturing. For more information please visit www.sigmalabsinc.com.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements often contain words such as "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "believes" or "will." These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could adversely affect us, including the risks set forth in Sigma's most recent annual report on Form 10-K. The forward-looking statements in this press release are made only as of the date of this press release. Sigma undertakes no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Investor Relations Contact: Chris Witty cwitty@darrowir.com 646-438-9385
Artist Ayanda Mabulu is at it again with another controversial painting of President Jacob Zuma.
His previous painting of the president, Spear Down My Throat (The Pornography of Power), depicted Zuma in the nude and received a huge backlash, including from the ANC Women's League.
His latest painting depicts Zuma in what appears to be a sexual anilingus act. The artwork is a criticism of Zuma's close relationship with the Guptas which has been the subject of much speculation as well as an investigation by Public Protector Thuli Madonsela.
Speaking about his current artwork, the artist says the piece is aimed at the people who are controlling the state. “The work is really aimed at the masters who are controlling our leader. And the Guptas are one of those masters. It's not personal because it goes beyond the president,” he says.
Mabulu believes that the leadership of the country has failed its people.
“We trusted these people with our hearts and voted them into power and it is sad that post-1994 nothing has changed. In Pornography of Power, we used hyenas to depict the masters who are pulling the strings; but this time it was important to be even clearer – if that was possible – and put it out there blatantly that unfortunately the Gupta family is at the centre of state capture and that Zuma is the person who is going out of his way to please them. Our country's well-being is deteriorating and the work is just presenting our leadership in its natural form; naked for all to see,” he told Culture Review Magazine.
He also explained that he had nothing against Zuma, but wanted to expose the truth.
Many took to social media to condemn the painting, which many believe is utter disrespectful.
Art has a certain conduct/ethics. Although its aim is to send the message across, it should atleast be with dignity tho! Ayanda Mabulu. — Seed INKorrupt (@seedinafrica) July 12, 2016
Dear friends,
please raise your sons to be above cat calling. It really is a painfully degrading abuse to have to withstand.
Thank you — BlackGold (@Qhakaza) July 12, 2016
I was never ready but Ayanda Mabulu drew Zuma for what he really is. If you look at the painting, you'd see it… — Kunta Kinte (@Makgabu21) July 12, 2016
The Public Protector is currently investigating allegations of state capture by the Guptas. The family has been accused of using its relationship with Zuma to get state tenders worth billions of rands.
Defending his paintings in previous interviews, Mabulu said his work depicted what was happening in the country.
READ MORE: Madonsela gets funding boost to probe Guptas
“There is no more time to decide to try and beat around the bush when you are painting. I made it my journey to paint and write and talk about what's happening in our society,” Mabulu said in an interview with News24 about parliamentarians.
“Anything happening to ordinary citizens in society has become a laughing stock. Any party that goes to Parliament and questions these motherfuckers, they laugh.”
Additional reporting: News24 Wire, Culture Review Magazine
Media playback is not supported on this device Rio 2016 Olympics: Murray named GB flag bearer
Olympic Games on the BBC Hosts: Rio de Janeiro Dates: 5-21 August Rio time: BST -4 Coverage: Watch on BBC One, BBC Two, BBC Four, Red Button and up to 24 HD video streams on mobile, desktop, connected TVs and app, plus follow-on Radio 5 live and via live text commentary.
Olympic and Wimbledon champion Andy Murray has been chosen to carry the flag for Great Britain at Friday's Rio 2016 opening ceremony.
The 29-year-old was picked ahead of the likes of boxer Nicola Adams and rower Katherine Grainger.
Murray, who inspired Great Britain to the Davis Cup in November, is the first tennis player to fill the role.
"To lead out Team GB will be an incredible honour, the biggest in sport," he said.
As well as individual gold, the Scot also won doubles silver alongside Laura Robson at the London 2012 Games.
"I obviously have great memories of London and I am 100% focused on winning here in Rio," Murray added.
"The privilege of being the flag bearer is a moment I will remember for the rest of my life and will certainly be one of the highlights of my career."
Murray is seeded second in both the men's singles and the doubles tournament in which he is teaming up with brother Jamie.
Team-mate and fellow British number one Johanna Konta is seeded 10th in the women's draw.
Media playback is not supported on this device Archive: Murray beats Federer to win London 2012 gold
A British Olympic Association panel selected Murray to be flag bearer after each sport put forward athletes to a shortlist.
Cyclist Sir Chris Hoy led Team GB into London's Olympic Stadium four years ago, while speed skater Jon Eley was selected for the Winter Olympics in Sochi in 2014.
The United States have nominated swimmer Michael Phelps, while hosts Brazil have chosen modern pentathlete Yana Marques.
The Russian team have selected volleyball player Sergey Tetyukhin after pole vaulter Yelena Isinbayeva and the rest of the Russian athletics team was banned in the wake of the country's doping scandal.
Marco Balich, the executive producer of Rio 2016's opening ceremony, has said that his plans are "not an opulent show compared to London or compared to Beijing" but "full of heart and very graceful."
The ceremony begins at midnight BST on Friday night.
Recent Team GB flag bearers 2014 Jon Eley Short track speed skating 2012 Chris Hoy Cycling 2010 Shelley Rudman Skeleton 2008 Mark Foster Swimming 2006 Rhona Martin Curling 2004 Kate Howey Judo
Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
(CNN) -- FBI agents have executed 40 search warrants throughout the United States as part of an investigation into recent coordinated cyberattacks targeting major companies, the agency said.
The United Kingdom's Metropolitan Police Service executed additional search warrants and arrested five people for their alleged role in the attacks, the FBI said in a statement Thursday.
A group calling itself "Anonymous" has claimed responsibility for the attacks, the FBI said. The attacks were allegedly carried out by people who are active supporters of WikiLeaks, but are not affiliated with the website, a federal law enforcement source said.
Late last year, the group launched take-down campaigns against organizations that have shunned the site WikiLeaks. Under the banner "Operation Payback," the Anonymous group successfully crashed MasterCard.com and strained the websites of Visa and PayPal.
Anonymous allegedly makes its attacks not through hacking, but merely by directing a giant traffic surge to the targeted website. That's called a DDoS attack, short for distributed denial-of-service -- and it's hard for most websites to defend against.
"The attacks were facilitated by software tools the group makes available for free download on the internet," the FBI said in a statement.
Facilitating or conducting such attacks is illegal and punishable by up to 10 years in prison, the FBI said.
CNNMoney's Julianne Pepitone contributed to this report.
What are some of the coolest headquarters in fiction? After a day hard at work fighting crime, causing crime, going on adventures, or simply making a lot of money, these heroes and villains need a calm space to hang their hats and/or helmets. Check out some of the sweetest cribs of the fictional elite. Perhaps you'll find some fantastic inspiration for your own home base!
Want to skip directly to the full infographic? Click here.
The Batcave
There are many versions of the Batcave, and the dark crusader's crib has certainly upgraded from relying on a pair of costume-changing bat poles. Today, it stores a supercomputer along with a training station and a non-lethal weapons crafting station (at least, in the latest video game series). It's a sweet spot for Batman, Robin, and Alfred to relax, but its main function is as a glorified garage, storing amazing rides like the Batmobile, the Batcycle, and the Batplane. In every version, Bruce Wayne has created an amazing addition to his home.
The Lucky 38
Once the pinnacle of refinement and class in Vegas, this tower now houses a fundamentally immortal person, Mr. Robert House, who gave up his mortal body for life as a supercomputer. It has souped-up roofing decked with protective lasers. It also has a pretty sweet presidential suite. Not bad for a home for a senior citizen.
The Command Center
Zordon has a pretty similar situation as Mr. House; however, Zordon is a wise, all-knowing, and beloved mentor communicating through what looks like a big entertainment center, contained in a fluid of the purest good energy in the universe, and not a paranoid and Machiavellian leader of a mindless army. (Or is he?) Another difference is the fact that Zordon also has Alpha 5, who performs really excellent maid services. When the Power Rangers aren't go-going, they're probably hanging out either at high school or in this interesting home away from home.
The USS Enterprise (Command Deck)
How much cool stuff is packed in the command deck of the USS Enterprise? (Oh, no, Trekkies, you don't have to actually tell us. That was a rhetorical question.) We might not know what every plastic button Sulu pressed does, but we do know that this thing had supercomputers installed, which were powered by some sort of matter-antimatter chamber, making it the ultimate energy-efficient appliance!
The End of Time
Where do time travelers go to hang out? They chill in this remarkably simple landscape, it seems. At the end of time, Gaspar somehow managed to construct a small home, complete with a courtyard and deck. It's a nice, blank space to relax after a bit of saving history. Here, Chrono Trigger players can save, heal up, talk to party members, learn new magical skills, and go through more portals.
The Fortress of Solitude
That garage, shed, or corner of the house where you go to be alone pales in comparison to this man-cave hiding somewhere, possibly in Canada. (In all seriousness, though, it's likely in the Arctic. We have no idea how much Clark Kent spends on winterizing!) This is where Superman goes to be alone, but as it just so happens, he gets bothered there fairly frequently by both friends and foes. That's fine, though, because it has a few security systems in place, depending on the comic.
The Oblivion Bar
It's time to chill out in a pocket dimension with cool magical beings in a comic book fan's fantasy. It's probably similar to what any underage drinker hopes bars will be like. Short of Gotham City Lounge in Brooklyn, perhaps, there's nothing really like it in this universe. As long as you have magical abilities, their door is always open. Just don't spill wine on the countertops.
The Money Bin
We know that this song is probably now in your head. You're welcome. But this is indeed an amazing structure, built with very effective safe security that consistently protects it against numerous break-in attempts. It all seems like it could be folly, though: The Money Bin apparently sits atop a fault line, which would prove problematic if an earthquake were to occur. That's something to consider when putting down your foundation.
Abandoned City
The abandoned city in Skyfall, which is actually Hashima Island in real life and has an amazing story in its own right, is the stomping ground, sometimes literally, of the villain Raoul Silva. Made of mostly concrete, it's quite the remodeling project and a great creepy spot for a Bond villain to sit, stew, and come up with needlessly elaborate plans.
Kami's Lookout
If you're an incredible fighter looking for someplace to heal, stop physics for a while in a magical gazebo so you can train for hours without time passing, or perhaps fuse with your buddy using a rather bizarre dance, then Kami's lookout is the place for you. Oh, we should mention this, though: You need to be able to fly to get there (or at least jump really high), as it's stationed in Earth's orbit. That won't be a problem, will it? Once you get there, it will be worth it. The zen-like landscaping is very relaxing.
Watchtower II
Home of the Justice League, this superhero headquarters also hangs in orbit around Earth. The watchtower project is one of those things Wayne Industries mysteriously invested in, twice. (So no one in Gotham can figure out that he's Batman?) Likely powered with solar energy, this satellite houses a weapon called a binary fusion generator and a training room called “The Kitchen” after the famous phrase, “if you can't stand the heat, stay out of the kitchen.” Perhaps they should invest in some air conditioning for it.
The Warner Brothers Water Tower
Out of every fictional home and headquarters on this list, nothing bends time and space quite like the base for the chaotic Animaniacs. Somehow it contains all of this within a tiny, tiny tower with a very small ceiling: three beds, a kitchen, a bathroom, a log flume leading to a swimming pool, and a roller-coaster.
Zim's House
It's a lot to get done: Pretend you're a normal kid with a normal house, along with fake parents, while hiding all of your alien equipment in the plumbing. With pipes that seem to suck up the power of the nearby houses, little gnomes in the yard to make it appear comforting and normal, and a security system to boot, this home of Zim and dog/robot GIR is very secure. In it, they can avoid Dib's attempts to thwart their plans.
The Room of Requirement
Though the Potter crew uses this room as the home of their illicit after-school club, Dumbledore's Army, this magical, ever-changing room has been many things to many people, including, at one point, a collection of chamberpots when Professor Dumbledore needed a bathroom. Most of the time, this becomes the storage place for a bunch of junk when one needs to hide things. Perhaps Dumbledore should've called a junk removal company. In the films, the magical Room of Requirement is most recognizable for its mirrors and fireplaces.
Stark Tower
You have to admit that this place has a really cool patio. Whether you admire the electrical equipment it uses to take off Stark's suit or the perfect butler the house comes with named J.A.R.V.I.S., Stark Tower is a towering beacon all would-be billionaires look up to.
Mojo Jojo's Observatory
Mojo Jojo might be a villain, but even he appreciates a clean energy source: He uses the geothermal power of a volcano. We don't recommend it, since it might go off at any moment, but then again, so might his personality. Also, a telescope makes the perfect skylight. Mojo Jojo, with his very verbose speeches and his inability to thwart three little girls made of sugar and spice and everything nice, isn't so bad of a bad guy, we think.
The TARDIS
The Time and Relative Dimension in Space, or TARDIS, has been the object of much fan love and obsession. Able to “see” all time and space at once, the semi-sentient, famous police box can actually form any shape at all, which is quite the remodeling project without any actual remodeling. The unique design means that its interior is bigger than its exterior (which has nothing to do with the budgetary constraints of a primarily public-funded show, we're sure).
The Venture Compound
Home of Venture Industries and a hangout spot for those troublesome Venture brothers, Dean and Hank, this compound contains quite a few things a scientist could need: a kitchen, a pool, a living room, an underground tunnel, a manufacturing wing, a cloning lab, a driveway that serves as a landing pad for all of your crazy vehicles (except, perhaps, your boat), and a murderous body guard and handyman named Brock.
18 of the Best Home Bases in Fiction – The Full Infographic
Add this infographic to your site:
Click the text below. Copy the selected text. Paste the code on your website.
18 of the Best Homes & Headquarters – An infographic by HomeAdvisor
Add this infographic to your site:
Click the text below. Copy the selected text. Paste the code on your website.
18 of the Best Homes & Headquarters – An infographic by HomeAdvisor
No related posts.
You can be the first to comment!
'Mother vessel'
The pirates, along with their arms and equipment, would be handed over to the appropriate authorities, it said, adding that the ship would return to patrolling the Gulf of Aden.
Last month, the navy said it had sunk a pirate "mother vessel" off Somalia in a battle that started after the Indian ship INS Tabar came under attack from armed men on board the boat.
But the International Maritime Bureau later said that the vessel destroyed by the Indian navy was actually a Thai fishing trawler that had been seized by pirates off the coast of Yemen.
Somali pirates have carried out about 100 attacks in the Gulf of Aden and Indian Ocean since the start of this year.
They still hold at least 14 foreign vessels and more than 300 crew members to ransom.
When an out-of-town homeowner received a video alert from his home security system showing a burglar in his house, he contacted the Austin Police Department. In response, the Austin Police Department sent a SWAT team and nearly leveled the place. Right on Crime's Randy Petersen, a 21-year veteran of the Bloomington (Illinois) Police Department, learned of the case from a complaint filed by the burglarized homeowner's next-door neighbor, and writes about it in The Hill:
It began with an Austin Police helicopter circling the skies over his normally quiet neighborhood and ended with tear gas rounds shattering the windows and a small army of SWAT officers breaching the door and detonating flashbang grenades in his neighbor's home. Between these two events, SWAT officers and police dogs occupied his back yard, commandeered his backyard as a sniper post, and cut a large hole in his fence.
While I hate to play spoiler, the story actually ends with the out-of-town homeowner watching remotely as the burglar--who goes undetected while police "break almost every window, blow up the door, fill the home with teargas, and scorch the flooring with flashbangs"--escapes into the night.
Petersen, who taught at a police academy after serving as an officer, cites this incident as yet another example of excessive SWAT use. "The level of violence a SWAT team brings with it should be reserved for situations that call for it, and those situations are quite rare," he writes. And yet SWAT teams are used all the time.
When I hear stories like this one, I wonder what any one group--even a constellation of groups--can actually do to curtail it. As Petersen notes (and former Reasoner Radley Balko's Rise of the Warrior Cop illustrates in frightening detail), the threshold for SWAT use has plummeted since the LAPD introduced the strategy in the 1950s. If a police department wants to use a raid, they will. Increasingly, they want to use raids for lots and lots of things, so they do.
We can and do debate what the bar should be for deploying a military unit in a civilian setting, or for forcing entry on a residence; at what time of day (or more likely, pre-dawn); with how much notice. I'll concede that reasonable people can disagree on where to set those thresholds. But even if civil liberties advocates and law enforcement leaders could reach a consensus on when it's OK to break down a door, ransack the interior, and terrify/maim/murder every living creature therein, I'd love to know how you force police departments to comply.
Consider Utah, a mostly ethnically homogenous state of 2.9 million people. Balko has reported extensively on the state's efforts to reform its 124 police agencies (side note: that's a lot of outfits for a population the size of Chicago). One of the reforms passed by the state legislature and signed by the governor is a requirement that agencies track and make public incidents in which officers forced their way into a private residence. The first set of numbers came out in August 2015. Those numbers show the usual: Of 559 such incidents in 2014, Balko reports that only 3 percent involved active shooters, barricaded suspects, hostages, or the serving of a violent felony warrant, while 83 percent of the reported incidents involved a drug crime.
This is not surprising. Civil liberties advocates (and the people who get their windows blown out) know, and have known for decades, that police agencies bust down doors mostly for drug offenses, despite law enforcers claiming SWAT-style tactics are used mostly for situations that occur almost never.
Nor is it surprising that police discovered a firearm in only three of the 559 incidents, and were fired on but once. The idea that all drugs offenders, or even most of them, are armed and trigger-happy has never been supported by evidence. Even at the federal level, where offenders are sometimes charged with drug quantities equivalent in value to a home mortgage, only 17 percent of offenders received a gun enhancement last year. (And as we know from the cases of Weldon Angelos and Chris Williams, catching a gun charge doesn't mean an offender used or even brandished a firearm.)
What's genuinely shocking about the data from Utah is that 25 percent--a full quarter!--of police agencies failed to report incidents in which officers forced their way into a private residence.
This is what I'm getting at when I ask, What the hell do we do about events like the one in Austin? Utah's government essentially said, "Go ahead and bust down peoples' doors. Just make sure to tell us, and the public, how and why you did it." In response, a quarter of the state's law enforcement agencies said, "Nah." Now imagine the introduction of legislation--city, county, state, whatever--that constrained police use of raids and SWAT teams. Imagine it gets passed in the face of fear-mongering and big spending by police unions. Imagine it gets signed despite press conferences at which law enforcement leaders warn of dead cops and emboldened gang leaders.
What happens when the police, after all that, keep doing what they've always done?
Last week, I pondered the fashion value of Apple's AirPods with The Verge's Sean O'Kane and our friends from Racked. Some people, both on Instagram (where we posted that awesome headline photo) and in the comments of the article, noted that they'd buy AirPods if they came in black. A jet black iPhone 7 with black AirPods would look sharp as hell. But, as we all know, Apple really doesn't do the whole color options thing when it comes to its earbuds. White is the company's way, unless you feel like buying Beats with your own money. Maybe it's time for Apple to change.
Apple isn't being very flexible with its idea of future tech design. Sure, fashion designers release a single line and if you dig it you buy it, but there are a lot of clothing options available. There's only one (AirPods). Apple has always been prescriptive with its style, but at least we have iPhone color choices, even if we end up stuck with rose gold.
Now, luckily, enterprising companies are responding to our cry for color. An online store called BlackPods recently launched and specializes in selling black AirPods coated in a proprietary formula, of course. We don't know how nice these AirPods look because the site only shows renders, but still, the idea is promising. A new customized pair costs $249 while coating an existing pair costs $99. Another company, SlickWraps, is also selling AirPods skins that people can apply at home for only $14.95. Random dreamers, too, are envisioning black AirPods. These will have to do until Apple gives us some choice. Ehm, Apple. Wink wink nudge nudge throat clearing.
Apple AirPods review
Published 19.05.2017 17:58 GMT+2 | Author Martin Merk
The 2017 IIHF Annual Congress approved several changes in regulations including for the overtime and shootout procedure as of next season.
While there were several housekeeping changes at various regulations, there were also changes to the IIHF Sport Regulations to adjust the overtime and shootout operations as of the 2017/2018 season.
Based on the feedback of the participants, teams will in the future not change ends for the overtime period but use the same ends as in the third period to have a shorter skate from their end for a line change especially considering that a three-on-three overtime is challenging enough.
In round robin and preliminary-round games, a 3-on-3 overtime period of up to five minutes will be played following a three-minute intermission during which time the ice will be shovelled.
In playoff games and the bronze medal games, the same procedure applies but with the overtime period of up to ten minutes and 4-on-4 players.
The gold medal game will continue to have an overtime period of up to 20 minutes if the game is tied but instead of a 5-on-5 overtime as until this season it will be a 4-on-4 overtime as of the 2017/2018 season following a 15-minute intermission including ice resurfacing. This to increase the likeliness of a goal being scored during overtime given that the gold medal is at stake.
Also the penalty-shot shootout procedure was amended. As of the 2017/2018 season the procedure will begin with five different shooters from each team followed by tie-breaking shots if the teams are tied after five rounds of shots. Until now it was three shooters in round robin and preliminary round games and five shooters in playoff and medal games.
This change was done to ensure that it requires more successful attempts to win a game making it more of a team effort and to increase the excitement for the audience.
Back to Overview
Are you tired of seeing the same old Pax Amarria advertisement on every billboard in the Amarr Empire? Sick of the constant sight of those who're on New Eden's most wanted list? Are you done with hearing about the latest flavor of Quafe?
Now is your chance to help enact change and your chance to see your corporation, alliance, coalition or just the general cause you fight for be displayed for the whole cluster to see on the billboards that line the trade routes, highways and backwater travel routes of New Eden.
With the March release we replaced every advertising billboard in New Eden with a new, more configurable version to which we can now send all manner of video content in order to enrich the immersion of New Eden and bring the universe to life.
So why not see what you guys can come up with and have a competition for billboard commercials?
Rules and regulations!
There are very few rules for this contest, but here's what you need to know:
Our usual Contests Policy applies. (Legal stuff is required, sorry!)
Submissions can be on any subject, so long as its EVE related and teen rated.
Real life video and photographs may not be used.
All visuals need to be from within the EVE Universe.
Copyrighted material may not be used.
Suggested topics are:
Player service advertisements.
Corp / Alliance / Coalition advertisements.
Corp / Alliance / Coalition propaganda.
Factional loyalty propaganda.
In character advertisements.
There are also some technical details that need to be adhered to for your submission to be accepted:
.webm format
1024x576 resolution @ 30fps
Maximum length is 15 secs
Maximum filesize is 3mb
No sound (Billboards don't do sound, because there is none in space.
Don't add any holographic effects as seen on current billboard ads – We take care of this.
So, how do you enter?
It's pretty simple!
The competition runs from now, until 23:59:59 on Monday, April 4th.
You'll need to put together your video with the guidelines above in mind, and send it as an attachment to billboards@ccpgames.com.
Your character name
Your corporation name (and Alliance name if applicable)
Your full real name
Your age
Your full mailing address — street, city, state, zip, country (this is for prize mailing purposes ONLY).
A contact phone number (This is required for the shipping of prizes via DHL).
Prizes, you say?
Here's a list of what you can win. Please bear in mind that all the SKINs offered as prizes will be chosen by the winner.
1st place prize package:
12x PLEX
Signed EVE: The Second Decade Collector's Edition
Signed EVE: The Art Of New Eden Hardcover
A selection of five SKINs from the New Eden Store (two frigates, two cruisers, one battleship)
2nd place prize package:
6x PLEX
Signed EVE: The Art Of New Eden Hardcover
A selection of three SKINs from the New Eden Store (one frigate, one cruiser, one battlecruiser)
3rd place prize package:
3x PLEX
Signed EVE: Into The Second Decade Hardcover
A selection of two SKINs from the New Eden Store (one frigate, one cruiser)
In addition to this, there will be a fourth prize package, for best “In character” submission. The prize package for this is:
6x PLEX
Signed Limited Edition EVE: Source
A selection of three SKINs from the New Eden Store (one frigate, one cruiser, one battleship)
The winning videos, along with some honorable mentions, will also be displayed on in game billboards soon after the close of the contest, so be sure to start editing fast, and get your submissions in as soon as you can!
If you'd like to discuss this competition, or ask questions about submissions, requirements, or use of content, please use this thread.
We're looking forward to seeing what our ever creative community comes up with!
calories Burned During Sex
The Act of Insertion
If the man is ready (same vice-versa) 1/4 calories If the woman is not (same vice-versa) 274 calories
Satisfying Partner (organ size)
Most experts agree that size means nothing. Shape is what counts, and the man with a shaped organ can write his own ticket. In those rare instances where a man has a genuinely small member, he may have to compensate by working slightly harder, but this is good for weight loss. A man with a really large organ, while he might not have to work as hard once inside, may exhaust himself just trying to convince his partner to let him put it inside.
Normal size 22 calories Oversize 15 calories Tremendous 8 calories Teensy-weensy 163 calories
Positions
Man on top, woman on bottom (facing each other) 20 calories Woman on top, man on bottom
(Many women find that in addition to its inherent sexual possibilities, this position affords a better view of the clock. ) 25 calories From the rear (Mysterious variation) 40 1/2 calories Standing: Both partners of equal height 18 calories Standing: Woman 1 foot taller than a man 90 calories While in traction
(very useful during ski season) 124 calories
Locations
On a bar stool 20 calories Rear of a Honda Civic 38 calories In a phone booth, standing 14 calories In a phone booth, lying down 274 calories On an airliner, aisle seat 24 calories On an airliner, middle seat 42 calories On an airliner, window seat 30 calories On an airliner, in the lavatory 100 calories
Possible Side Effects of Intercourse
Bouncing 7 calories Sliding around 9 calories Serious Skidding 12 calories Full cartwheel 20 calories Whiplash 27 calories Knee burn 6 calories Chafed elbows 5 calories Chafed nose 11 calories
Sex Related Noises
Short gasps (per gasp) 3 calories Wheezing 5 calories Squeals 4 calories Ecstatic moaning 11 calories Low growling 8 calories Squishing 10 calories Shouting 16 calories Screaming 18 calories Urgent begging 22 calories Any short speech giving partner directions
("Please don't stop," "Faster," "Just a little more" are common examples.) 25 calories
Approaching Orgasm
Letting go 5.5 calories Controlling yourself 79 calories Digging nails into your partner's back 11 calories Trembling 15 calories Shaking 20 calories Shuddering 25 calories Trying to keep eyes open 33 calories
Orgasm
Real 27 calories Faked 160 calories
Orgasmic Intensity Scale
Expression didn't change 1/2 calorie Face turned purple 15 calories Orchestra swelled 6 calories Magical explosions 10 calories Blazing Sheets 25 calories Earth moved 30 calories Vesuvius erupted 47 calories You began moaning in Latin 60 calories
Pulling Out
After orgasm 1/4 calorie A few moments before orgasm 500 calories
Multiple Orgasms
For women: 2 14 calories 5 30 calories 8 47 calories (Depending on greed her rate of recovery a woman can enjoy around 8 orgasms within an hour period without losing consciousness or disarranging her hair. As the number increases, however, she may begin to experience a form of "reduced sanity" that will temporarily interfere with her ability to cook, worship ,and ride a Moped.) For Men: 2 21 calories 3 39 calories 4 57 calories ( For a man, its a different situation, perhaps due to physiological and biological reasons. Many men can enjoy up to 4 orgasms in an hour with little discomfort except for the slight ringing in the ears. With few exceptions, however, a man who tries to achieve more than 10 orgasms within that same period is flirting with irreversible brain damage.)
Special Orgasms
Clitoral. 15 calories Vaginal 21 calories Penile 21 calories Scrotile 15 calories Rectal 25 calories Oral
(can also occur during an especially good meal) 30 calories
Premature Ejaculation*
During insertion 2 calories During intercourse
(Approximately. 2 sec's or 3 thrusts after insertion, whichever comes first.) 5 calories During foreplay 3 calories Immature ejaculation
(Similar to premature ejaculation except male acts childish and throws a tantrum.) 4 calories
Consequences of Premature Ejaculation
Even if you have a good heart, it takes much understanding not to feel like a victim when your partner climaxes after 3 sec's of intensive sex, especially if he immediately sits up to watch the football on tv.
For Women Frustration 8 calories Anger 15 calories Violent mood swing 20 calories Surpressing rage 25 calories Not surpressing anger
(In extreme cases, this can include cursing, nose tweaks, and gently massaging partner's head with a tire iron.) 65 calories For Men: Cursing 10 calories Apologising 3 calories Snivelling 5 calories Pleading for mercy 8 calories Begging for another chance
(Note how unfair: Men never seem to mind if a woman has an orgasm after 3 seconds of sex.) 15 calories
Possible Side Effects of Good Sex
The first indication that sex was a positive experience will be a buzzing in the pelvic area and a clear complexion. You might also feel pleasantly light, as though you were dozing in a vat of cream cheese. If sex was really terrific, you feel dangerously drained, as though your body had been connected to a large milking machine for several days. Additional reactions include:
Swooning 6 calories Palpitations 10 calories Shortness of breath 5 calories Perspiring 8 calories
Possible Side Effects of Bad Sex
A less-than-sunny desposition 1 calorie
Recovering
Un-entwining 3 calories Regaining motor control of pevis
(After especially tiring sex, you may feel numb from below the waist to the opposite wall. The result will be an inability to walk [put one foot in front of the other], which will seriously impair your chances of going to the bathroom or getting some juice.) 7 calories Standing up 9 calories Getting some juice 11 calories
Rolling Over and Going to Sleep
After intercourse
(Classic behavior for shiftiness men who believe they've done their job and are now entilted to a rest. This "rest" may include snoring.) 18 calories During intercourse
(Women find this to be a subtle, yet direct way of suggesting dissatisfaction.) 32 calories During foreplay
(Indicates either an advance case of fatigue or a serious lack of interest.) 12 calories Avoiding the wet spot 80 calories
Trying Again
If the woman is ready 5 calories If the man is not 156 calories
Dreaming
Regular dream 2 calories Wet Dream
Add 5 calories if it occurs while in bed with your partner;
Add 20 calories if your partner notices 16 calories Wet Trance
(Usually occurs in the presence of a sensual hypnotist.) 20 calories
Group Sex
Introducing yourself 3 calories Overcoming shyness 8 calories Swapping partners, willingly 4 calories Swapping partners, unwillingly 62 calories Jealousy
(Partner having more fun than you are) 16 calories Mixed doubles 26 calories Being nice to everyone 100 calories Anger
(You suddenly realize that you're wanted for you body and not your mind. Difficult to cope with, especially if you have a Ph.D.) 10 calories Finding your clothes 5 calories
Masturbation
For pleasure only 6 calories For exercise, too 10 calories For relief from tension 12 calories To pass the time 7 calories To avoid overeating 16 calories To get in touch with inner self 10 calories To get in touch with outter self 10.5 calories To avoid insanity 24 calories To avoid spending money on a date
(In addition to being a viable alternative to television, shopping, and binges, masturbation is a quick and inexpensive way to get warm.) 9 calories Using your hand(s) 11 calories Using your finger(s) 9 calories Using tweezers 2 calories Using an inflatable doll 24 calories Using Any fruit or vegetable
(Except watermelon or a sprig of parsley) 19 calories Using a vibrator, hand-operated 12 calories Using a vibrator, windup 9 calories Using a vibrator, electric 5 calories Using anything not mentioned here 50 calories In a pornographic movie theater - purchasing the ticket 2.5 calories In a pornographic movie theater - finding isolated seat 78 calories In a pornographic movie theater - adjusting raincoat 3 calories
Typical Sex-Related Fears
Partner hates me for what I did 4 calories Partner hates me for what I didn't do 8 calories Forgetting the instructions in the sex manual 10 calories Climaxing too soon 5 calories Climaxing too late 6 calories Not climaxing 20 calories Partner thinks of me as a sex object 9 calories Partner doesn't think of me as a sex object 47 calories Partner will neglect to adminster last rites should I not recover from orgasm 88 calories
Personal Fears
Gigantic cellulite that shake and ripple during orgasm 6 calories Stretch marks that look like a plowed field 8 calories Penis envy 72 calories Body odor of a disgruntled yak 25 calories
Getting Caught
By partner's spouse 60 calories By your spouse 60.5 calories Trying to explain 165 calories Stuttering 28 calories Throwing up
(Calorie counts here are flexible, depending on type of spouse-whether understanding and open-minded, or narrow-minded and armed) 40 calories
Almost Getting Caught
Johnny Knoxville in Jackass 3D. Photo courtesy Paramount Pictures.
Pablo Picasso once said, “Every act of creation is first an act of destruction.” If you've ever seen Jackass, either the MTV series or the first two movies, then you've definitely seen a few acts of destruction, if mostly self-inflicted and in the groin region. So does this mean Johnny Knoxville and his band of giddy morons qualify as artists? Probably, yeah. It doesn't hurt that their latest movie, Jackass 3D — which opens nationwide tomorrow — was screened earlier this week at New York's Museum of Modern Art, the very building that also houses a Picasso collection. You could waste a lot of ink writing about the artistry, intended or not, of the Jackass oeuvre. The new movie in particular is brimming with subtext, everything from blistering homosexual tension (has their ever been a group of straight men who wanted to fuck each other as desperately as these guys?) to bittersweet reflections on growing old.
Despite what you may've heard, the 3-D technology isn't the real show here. Sure, it's fascinating and revolting to watch poop sprayed at you in three-dimensions. But even more remarkable is how the performers, after over a decade of filmed abuse, have discovered flinching. It's as if in early middle age, they've suddenly developed a pain reflex. Or maybe it's just the anticipation of pain. They still endure every stunt like champs, but with age and experience, they seem more acutely aware of what's coming and how much it's going to hurt. If there's any lesson in the Jackass movies — and I highly recommend watching them sequentially to really appreciate this point — it's that we're all dying a little more every day, and ignorance really is bliss.
I called Johnny Knoxville, Steve-O, and Bam Margera to talk about their new movie. We ended up talking theology and scrotums, because why wouldn't we?Eric Spitznagel: When Jackass first premiered on MTV, there was a warning at the beginning of every episode that all stunts were “performed by professionals.” It seemed hilarious at the time to think you could be a “professional” at putting foreign objects in your ass and enduring testicle abuse. But, I guess after all these years, you guys actually are professionals.
Johnny Knoxville: Well, we're no better at what we do than we ever were. We've just been doing it a long time. We still suck.
Bam Margera: The fact that Johnny's so uncoordinated is what makes it funny. He just falls on his face.
Knoxville: I am the least skilled of anybody in the cast. All I can do is stand in one spot and hold onto whatever they give me.
Steve-O: I was a professional before Jackass ever started. I graduated from Ringling Brothers Barnum & Bailey Clown College.
They must be very proud.
Steve-O: Not at all. (Laughs.) I'm a proud vegan, whistle-blower, and animal rights activist. I know that makes me sound like a hypocrite, because in Jackass 3D I get into a pen with a ram that charges into my nuts. I was really conflicted about that.
About which part? The nuts charging or...?
Steve-O: I remember when the movie started, I said, “I don't want to work with animals. That's not what I'm about.” But then I did the ram scene anyway, and I justified it in my head, like, “O.K., this is for work. I've got to put my own personal beliefs aside.” So I got into the pen and my instincts took over. The ram charged towards my nuts, and I put my hand down to block it. That happened a bunch of times, and as a result the tendons in my right hand are totally messed up. This was back in February, and we're now in October and it's still not healed. I feel like it's a permanent reminder that I compromised my beliefs.
I wouldn't feel bad. The ram has PETA on its side. There isn't an advocacy group for your nuts.
Steve-O: Yeah, right, exactly. PETA is not pulling for my balls at all.
Evel Knievel has the Guinness record for bone fractures at 431. Have any of you come close to beating that number?
Knoxville: Is that true? 431? Wow. We've all had our share of injuries, but nothing like that.
Margera: I'm nowhere near that. Between Jackass and trying skateboard tricks, I've broken my left wrist eight times, my right wrist twice, my shoulder and my clavicle, three ribs twice, a broken foot in three different spots at once, and a broken tailbone. But that's it.
Knoxville: I think Evel's record will remain intact.
You must have the record in testicle injuries. Have you started to build up a resistance, like calluses of the balls?
Knoxville: It's just like a dog's chew-toy down there. I broke my penis about three years ago trying to backflip a motorcycle. So that didn't help its appearance—although it's pretty cute. I still have to use a catheter twice a day and it's been three years now.
You can't pee without a catheter?
Knoxville: No, I can piss without it. I just have to keep the scar tissue from constricting down there. It looks like a sock that's lost its elasticity. You know the kind that droop around your ankles? That's what my penis looks like.
Margera: I think the only one who came out ahead in this movie is Chris (Pontius). He did a skit called “The Helicockter” where he tied a string to his penis and the other end was attached to a remote-control helicopter. It ripped off so hard, he said he gained a few inches.
Is self-mutilation as much fun in middle age as it was when you were young and stupid? Is it ever as good as your first time?
Knoxville: It didn't feel good then, and it doesn't feel good now. I don't really think about it. You know you're going to get smoked by something and it's going to hurt. But you're going to heal and it's going to be funny, so stop being a little bitch about it and stand there.
Do you ever practice your grimaces in advance?
Knoxville: I'd rather rehearse on film. We're all about Method acting.
Ah, O.K. So you're from the Lee Strasberg school?
Knoxville: Yeah, right. Everything you see on screen is real. By doing what we do, there's naturally going to be a lot of grimacing. And whimpering. And if your name is Bam Margera, maybe a few tears.
Margera: Yeah, I did cry this time. There's a bit involving me falling into a pit of snakes and that's probably my worst fear ever.
Evel Knievel once said, “Dying is a part of living and none of us is going to get out of here alive.” Is that pretty much your personal philosophy?
Knoxville: I love Evel Knievel, but I don't know if that's how I look at it. We're just doing stupid stuff to make ourselves laugh.
So you don't actually want to die?
Knoxville: Hell no. I just want to get good footage.
Margera: There have been times before a stunt when I thought, “This could be bad forever.” Knoxville does this skit in the movie called the Invisible Man, where he paints himself to look exactly like the wall behind him. They release a Spanish bull, hoping that it'll spot him. And it does. He lands right on his neck, and for a second it looked like it was over for him. But he just had a sore neck for about a month.
How exactly do you explain that? By the law of averages, at least one of you should be dead or paralyzed by now.
Knoxville: I don't know. I think we've got a pretty good spirit going on the set. I think it's better not to dwell on it too much.
A good spirit? That's an interesting way to put it. Mother Theresa said suffering brings you closer to God. Have you found that to be true?
Knoxville: Suffering will get you great footage. I don't know about closer to God. Although there have been times when I've suffered to the point where I think I might be about to meet him.
Steve-O: I wouldn't have really committed myself to any kind of spiritual lifestyle, I don't think, if I had not endured great suffering. I think that's the case with a lot of people. At the end of the day, what brings you closer to God is being in service to others. I think any religion or spiritual way of life will indicate that service to others will lead to a connection with a higher power. (Bursts into laughter.) I love that this is a Jackass interview and I'm talking about this shit.
If God exists, do you think he or she enjoys a good punch-in-the-nuts prank?
Margera: Of course, yeah. If you don't find humor in that, than you're dumb. (Pause.) I mean we're dumb. Not God. We're the ones getting punched in the balls. He's just the one enjoying it. He probably wouldn't enjoy it if it was happening to him, but he'd probably like to watch us do it to somebody else.
It could also be argued that Jackass is a celebration of atheism. Ayaan Hirsi Ali said that without a belief in God, “life on this earth, with all its mystery and beauty and pain, is then to be lived far more intensely.” Is that maybe what you were trying to express when you put electric muscle stimulators on your testicles?
Knoxville: Well—they could compare us to the Indian Ascetics who go through so much torture and pain. I heard about one guy who's had his arm raised for seven years. That's gnarly! Not particularly funny, but gnarly.
I'm not sure if you've heard, but October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month.
Margera: Is that true? I had no idea.
It's true. Is it just a coincidence that you released your movie this month?
Steve-O: Let me tell you how I feel about these pink ribbons. I was watching the N.F.L. last week, and all the players were wearing pink. I don't think they did anything to educate people about cancer prevention. I don't think a pink ribbon does anything. What people need to know is that it's the atrocious diet of Americans that's responsible for all your cancer, all your heart disease, all your diabetes.
What about the cancer risks of putting fireworks in your rectum?
Steve-O: (Laughs.) Oh my god! I don't even want to think about it. I'll tell you, man, my personal lifestyle for the longest time—it's like I was striving to get cancer. I really was, man. I quit smoking cigarettes over two years ago, but I smoked for 18 years before that. I once laid down on the conveyer belt of the X-ray machine at the airport security checkpoint, which is really bad. That was like some Chernobyl shit.
To be fair, you guys are like spokespeople for early detection. If you had any tumors, a doctor surely would've found it by now.
Knoxville: That's true. We're in the emergency room a lot. I have a whole slew of doctors. I can count eight in my phone right now—eight different doctors, all for different parts of my body. I have specialists.
Margera: I'm a regular at a hospital in Pennsylvania. The Riddle Hospital in Media, Pennsylvania. I actually have a thing called Fast Track.
Is that like medical frequent-flyer miles?
Margera: Pretty much, yeah. Whenever I go to the emergency room, they take me right away, I don't have to wait. It's like, “Oh Bam's back, what happened now?” I'm on first-name-basis with them.
So listen, I'm not sure how to broach this subject. There are a lot of half-naked men in Jackass, and a lot of anal play and nipple torture and testicle touching. Is it possible that Jackass is at least a smidge gay?
Knoxville: I'm offended you just said a smidge!
It's more than a smidge?
Knoxville: We're over here sitting on rainbows and you say a smidge.
You're a gay pride parade waiting to happen?
Knoxville: We're a gay pride parade that's happening! And in 3-D!
It's not just homoerotic tension?
Knoxville: No, man, it's all about release with us.
Steve-O: We always thought it was funny to force a heterosexual MTV generation to deal with all of our thongs and homoerotic humor. In many ways, all our gay humor has been a humanitarian attack against homophobia. We've been trying to rid the world of homophobia for years, and I think gay people really dig it too.
This was way too easy. I had all of these questions designed to lure you into admitting your subconscious desire to fuck each other. But apparently you're not suppressing anything.
Knoxville: Suppressing?! Wait till I tell the guys you said suppressing! We're not suppressing anything! We're over here sitting on dicks!
Let's talk about the state of our education system. Out of 30 developed countries, the U.S. ranks 25th in math and 21st in science. Where do you think we rank in self-inflicted concussions?
Margera: Well, I think we're pretty high up there. There are a few shows that are similar to ours in England, Finland, Australia, and (I think) India. But we're pretty high up.
Besides abusing your body and torturing your parents, what are your intellectual pursuits, Bam? Are you a math guy? Do you watch a lot of Discovery channel?
Margera: I like geography. I could tell you the capital of any country you want.
Really? Can I quiz you?
Margera: Do it, man.
Belgium.
Margera: Brussels.
Switzerland.
Margera: Bern.
Belize.
Margera: Belmopan.
Jesus Christ! After ten years in this cast, you should be borderline brain-dead. How did you learn this stuff?
Margera: I'm just on a lot of airplanes and I get bored. So I started looking at the capitals of every country, and one day I figured out that if I just learned 20 more, I would know the capital of every country. So I wrote them down on a shoebox and kept looking at it.
O.K. last question. Steve-O, I feel like we need to discuss your porta-potty scene. Is this the performance that will finally get you an Oscar nomination?
Steve-O: I don't know. The way I feel about Jackass: people have enough problems and enough shit weighing them down, it's a real honor for me to distract them, even if it's temporary. Do I think I'll get an Oscar? No. But I do think there's something very noble about making a small sacrifice, or maybe even a significant sacrifice.
Dude, I saw the movie. Your mouth was open. There was a lot of poops. You made a sacrifice.
Steve-O: (Laughs.) Thanks, man. The idea is to improve somebody's day. That's how I've always viewed my job. I'm a distraction therapist. I make people's problems go away for just a little bit.
READ MORE:
• From the October issue: The 3-D Stooges
JFK files' release could expose CIA and FBI cover-up on Lee Harvey Oswald, experts say
Updated
The deadline is looming for the release of hundreds of thousands of pages of documents on the assassination of John Fitzgerald Kennedy and experts say it could expose a CIA cover-up.
The Warren Commission established after Kennedy's death concluded Lee Harvey Oswald was the sole gunman.
Many credible experts agree that is unlikely to be challenged by the new material, but claims from intelligence agencies that they knew little of Oswald before the assassination may face renewed scrutiny.
"I mean this is the event that really changed America in so many ways. The only other comparison is 9/11 but this is the event that really made Americans believe that they couldn't trust their government and they couldn't expect their government to tell them the truth," former New York Times correspondent and author of A Cruel and Shocking Act, Philip Shenon said.
'CIA and the FBI knew a lot about Oswald'
Even close to 55 years after that shocking day in Dallas, the thirst for new information is as strong as ever.
The release tomorrow is expected to include more than 3,000 never before seen documents as well as previously redacted material.
There is not expected to be a smoking gun revealing a second shooter beyond Oswald on the sixth floor of the book depository, but there could be other revealing documents.
"I think the evidence is pretty clear that Oswald was the only shooter. What I don't eliminate is the possibility he was encouraged to do it, was aided to do it or at least that he told other people he was going to do it," Professor Larry Sabado of the University of Virginia said.
Oswald was a former marine who had defected to the Soviet Union before returning to the United States, and intelligence agencies' claims about him have been disputed for generations.
"Immediately after the assassination, the CIA and the FBI wanted desperately to portray Oswald as a lone wolf, a guy they never could've stopped," Mr Shenon said.
"Well, the truth seems to be that actually the CIA and the FBI knew a lot about Oswald and if they just acted on the information in their own files then the assassination would've been prevented, and I think we're going to see a lot more information along those lines."
Oswald's visit to Cuban consulate and Soviet embassy
Of particular interest is a trip Oswald took to Mexico City weeks before the shooting in which he visited the Cuban consulate and Soviet embassy.
A known defector visiting what were at the height of the Cold War some of the most watched diplomatic outposts in the world would surely have been of interest to the local CIA spy chief.
"The CIA told the Warren Commission, 'We didn't really know much about this guy, he passed through and we weren't really paying attention'," former Washington Post editor and author of The Ghost, Jefferson Morley said.
"That's another story that's basically false. They were paying very close attention to Oswald six weeks before the assassination and I think we'll find out more about the nature of that interest, what they learned, what was reported."
The question of whether that intelligence could have saved an American president has never been satisfactorily answered for those that make a career out of this dark chapter in America's history.
"The question in my mind has always been, doesn't the CIA know that this man Oswald might be a threat and isn't it possible that they bungled that intelligence, they missed their chance to save Kennedy's life?" Mr Shenon said.
One of the more fanciful conspiracy theories
The release of these documents was spurred by the blockbuster 1991 movie JFK, directed by Oliver Stone.
The movie is filled with loose allegations and absurd connections but it prompted a public outcry which led to Congress agreeing to release the secret material by October 2017.
US President Donald Trump said he would not block the JFK files, but many experts worry that some of the most sensitive material on the assassination of America's first and only Catholic president will still be redacted.
It will take days and weeks to make sense of the huge document dump.
"You know the conspiracy theories you hear about the Mafia or space aliens or whatever — for most of them there's absolutely no evidence to support them," Mr Shenon said.
"There is evidence to support the idea though that other people knew what Oswald was going to do and may have encouraged him to do what he was going to do and by definition that is a conspiracy."
One of the most fanciful theories — definitely in the tinfoil hat category but popular among a small group on both the left and right — is that then-Vice President Lyndon Johnson (better known as LBJ) was in cahoots with intelligence agencies in ordering the kill.
Don't hold your breath for revealing documents on that front.
"The LBJ done-it theory, I mean it's pervasive, it's especially strong in Texas — the evidentiary basis of it is very slight," Mr Morley said.
"There's nothing to connect Johnson to Oswald. Certainly, not in the way that there's the ability to connect the CIA to Oswald or the Cuban Intelligence to Oswald.
"So the LBJ conspiracy theory is used, I think, as a way of demonising and discrediting American liberalism because Johnson was a hero of American liberalism in the 1960s.
"But the LBJ done-it theory does not have a lot of support among serious historians of the assassination."
Was CIA protecting itself?
Mr Morley hopes it will reveal new information about spymaster James Angleton, who he wrote his book The Ghost about.
He believes the CIA covered up their knowledge of Oswald to protect themselves.
"He would've lost his job, he would've been fired instantly, and other people at the CIA would've been fired too," Mr Morley said.
"And that's why they covered up. Were they covering up a manipulation of Oswald, an operation to use him, or were they covering up their own incompetence? This guy came through, they were paying close attention to him and he up and shot the president.
"Those are the two possibilities and the information that we're going to get, if we get all of it, may shed real new light on this."
Topics: history, world-politics, law-crime-and-justice, united-states
First posted
Media playback is not supported on this device Gillingham return pleases Taylor
Gillingham interim manager Peter Taylor says he would like to remain at the League One club permanently.
The 60-year-old is in charge while chairman Paul Scally looks for Martin Allen's replacement, a process which he says could take four to five weeks.
"I am looking forward to this little challenge. I was always hopeful that there would be a chance," Taylor told BBC Radio Kent.
Media playback is not supported on this device Taylor hopes to impress with Gills
"But I was hopeful maybe it could be long-term and permanent."
He added: "At the moment it is interim. I understand why the chairman is going down that route as he wants to make sure he makes the right decision."
Allen was sacked as Gills manager on Sunday with the club 17th in League One, one point above the relegation zone.
Taylor previously spent the 1999-2000 campaign in charge of Gillingham, leading the club to promotion to the second tier for the first time in their history before leaving to join Leicester City.
And he says he is happy to be back at the Priestfield Stadium but is aware he needs to put a run of results together if he is to be handed the job full time.
"I can't believe it's been 13 years since I was manager here," he said. "I had a very good year and have got good memories.
"I'd absolutely love it [the job]. The Gillingham fans want to see some improvement.
I will encourage the players to play some good football. Hopefully they will see an organised team and one that will work hard for the cause Peter Taylor Gillingham interim manager
"If you get good results you'll have a chance of getting it. If you have bad results there is a fair chance you won't."
Taylor was appointed interim boss on Monday and took charge of his first training session on Tuesday.
The Kent club has only won two of their 11 league games this season, but the former England Under-20 and Under-21 coach is impressed with the players at his disposal.
"Martin deserves a lot of credit for the squad he put together," he said.
"The attitude of the boys was very together and very upbeat. I think that is them getting on with football as sometimes managers change.
"I will encourage the players to play some good football. Hopefully they will see an organised team and one that will work hard for the cause.
"I spoke to Mark Patterson [Gillingham academy coach] and he said they are a lot like the group we had before.
"It looks a decent squad to me. They seem very together and want to win.
"You've always got half a chance if that happens."
Being an editorialist must be fun. They spend their days reading and thinking and forming opinions on all manner of issues. Every so often they dash off an essay revealing the brilliance of their reasoning and the poetry of their writing. Actually, it sounds a bit like being an undergraduate student. Except they have no part-time job or 500 other students competing to get the same books out of the library.
However, there are two more important differences. Unlike students, they don't face the discipline that comes with signing their work. More importantly, they miss the rigor of regular grading to tell them how they are progressing in developing their reasoning and writing skills.
Editorialists would benefit from a regular grading of their work. I am therefore returning the annotated copies of their latest essays on the Ontario election. Summary comments and the grades at the end the essays are reproduced here for handy comparative reference.
The essay topic was “What party should voters support in the upcoming Ontario election?” Editorialists were asked to write up to 1,000 words giving well-reasoned, positive arguments supporting their advice to voters. No credit was given for whom they decided to endorse. Marks were based solely on their reasoning, supporting evidence, and a clear and concise writing style that avoided the use of hyperbole and bombast.
Toronto Star: Good job of focusing on the positive reasons that you support the Liberal Party, citing a “progressive agenda” including pension reform, transit funding, home care, northern resource development and Ontario Pension Plan. However, you fail to make the link to one of the key concerns of the campaign – economic growth. In your assessment of Ms. Wynne, you highlight her “political skills and personal integrity”. Unfortunately, your assessment of the other two parties' leaders platforms descends quickly into hyperbole and personal attacks. Your analysis suffers from devoting relatively little space to the second key preoccupation of the campaign, the government deficit and the Liberal plan to address it. Finally, “fetishizing” is not a word. Grade: C.
National Post: Unfortunately, you spend fully two-thirds of your essay criticizing the former premier, instead of focusing on your preferred option and the positive reasons supporting your choice. Your vituperative attack on the Liberals is a poor substitute for a reasoned argument in support of the Conservatives. Further, your characterization of the mathematical errors in the Conservative plan as “glitches” is akin to suggesting that the Titanic suffered from “glitches” in its navigation plan. Finally, you attribute to Mr. Hudak commitments that he avoided in the course of the campaign, namely “war with Ontario's public sector unions” and adding competition to the liquor retail system. Overall, a weak essay that fails to focus sufficient attention on the Conservatives key proposals to spur economic growth and substantially reduce the size of government. Grade: D.
Note: Student services offers anger management counseling free of charge (for now).
Toronto Sun: A pithy contribution to the debate, your assignment uses less than half of the allotted number of words to make your case. Unfortunately, you devote the first half of your essay to describing your personal epiphany rather than making a reasoned case for your recommendation. You do hit both of the key issues in your arguments, i.e. economic growth and the government deficit, but you focus on attacking the Liberals rather than providing arguments in support the Conservatives' plan. Your essay would benefit from providing evidence rather than assertions in support of your preferred choice. Grade: C.
Globe and Mail: Of all the essays submitted, yours is the longest and most confusing. Your main point seems to be that while it is time for the Liberals to go, you don't want the Conservatives to implement their plan. You devote less than a single paragraph in your essay to giving positive reasons to vote Conservative. Recommending that voters return a minority Conservative government is nonsensical. How do voters practically implement such a recommendation? Are you recommending they vote NDP? If you were truly unable to recommend a party, perhaps you could have recommended that voters support their preferred local candidate. The danger is that your advice may be interpreted as “don't bother to vote”. Grade: F.
Next week's assignment will be to give practical advice to the newly elected government (if one can be formed). As always, 1,000 word maximum. Support your arguments with evidence and be sure to avoid hyperbole and bombast.
Paul Boothe is professor and director of the Lawrence National Centre at Western's Ivey Business School. He has served as a deputy minister in both federal and provincial governments, most recently as deputy minister of Environment Canada.
The views, opinions and positions expressed by all iPolitics columnists and contributors are the author's alone. They do not inherently or expressly reflect the views, opinions and/or positions of iPolitics.
Last Monday, the Internet was buzzing over the surprise announcement of DJ Premier and Royce Da 5'9' teaming up for something big. In a small video clip, the pair visited Adrian Younge's record store, and later on played an untitled track with Royce rapping, “This is for the real hip-hop niggas who would never ever, ever ask me am I here to replace Guru.”
Talks of the two making a joint project together immediately followed, but the wait is finally over. Preemo and Nickel Nine have shared exclusively with XXL that they're putting out their first official full-length collaboration LP, set to drop sometime this year. Featuring the likes of Killer Mike, Jay Electronica, Common, Ab-Soul, ScHoolboy Q, Slaughterhouse, Mac Miller and Dwele for the LP, the duo are planning to go big or go home with the project.
“I want people to appreciate the fact that we didn't compromise in lieu of the environment. In order to try to change the way that people digest music, we had to take a leap of faith,” says Royce. DJ Premier adds, “The bar has to be high. For this album to be another body of work and another chapter for both of our lives."
On the self-titled album, PRhyme will have all its production by Premier, as well as all the samples will be taken from Adrian Younge.
“I've never sampled just one artist, I'm known for my reputation and my creativity," says Premier. "I wanted it to be my traditional thing where I sample everything I find, but I am really proud how the project came out and Royce is one hell of a pusher.”
Although the legendary producer was skeptical of the idea at first, Royce convinced him that'll be a special project that'll make hip-hop history. “I started going through Adrian's catalog and it was just making me a fan of his,” Royce says. “It was really inspiring me to want to make music. As Premier started sending me music and I started writing, it was falling into place. It was making me excited about going into the studio.”
This marks the first collaboration from Premier since being one-half of the iconic Gang Starr with Guru.
Follow their official social accounts ( Twitter, Facebook , Instagram ), and cop an exclusive Champion Pull Over Hoodie in anticipation here .
Previously: Royce Da 5'9" On Shady Records And His PRhyme LP With DJ Premier
DJ Premier's Top Five Producers In The Game Right Now
DJ Premier's Five Favorite Beats Of All Time
DJ Premier And Royce Da 5'9″ Tease New ‘PRhyme' Project
Ever wonder what RMB50,000 torn into tiny pieces looks like? Here's your answer.
A woman suffering from a mental disorder used scissors and her hands to tear 500 hundred-yuan notes into pieces no larger than a cigarette lighter. The money was to be used for her medical treatment.
Her husband, Lin Zhaoqiang from Jintang, frantically gathered the pieces into a plastic bag, which he brought to the Bank of China in Chengdu, arriving in desperation even before it opened.
At 9 a.m. he was shown into the bank's conference room, where he dumped all of the pieces of the notes onto the table, filling the 10 sqm surface.
According to the People's Bank regulations, torn or damaged bills can be exchanged only once they have been pieced together as a whole, explained operations manager Zhang Ping. Because the money was to be used for medical treatment, he assigned 12 bank employees to help Lin piece the notes together.
After considering their strategy for about 10 minutes, the employees decided to group all pieces with a similar part of the note design together. After three hours, they decided they needed a new approach and started to piece together a bill while organizing the pieces. The task proved to be challenging because for any particular piece they looked for, there were 499 others like it.
The 12 employees spent six hours piecing together one note, and after that they gave up.
In their current condition, the bills are completely invalid. "There's nothing we can do," said Zhang Ping.
Most damaged bills that are returned to the bank have been burnt, mildewed, or chewed on by rodents, said a bank employee. Regardless of the cause of the damage, however, at least three-quarters of the bill must be intact in order for it to be exchanged at the bank for its full value. Bills that are one-half to three-quarters intact are exchanged at half of their original value, and any bills under 50 percent intact are not accepted for exchange.
Netizens suggested exchanging the money based on its weight, but Zhang said that this cannot be done in case there are counterfeit shreds among the authentic ones. Others suggested using digital technology to piece the shreds together, but Zhang said that there is no device with such capability.
Late in the afternoon, Lin Zhaoqiang gathered the pieces carefully into his plastic bag and left the bank, saying he would not give up hope.
Photos courtesy of Huaxi Evening Post
More pictures here
Image caption NYSE Euronext will be the junior partner, analysts say
Two of the world's leading exchanges, Deutsche Boerse and NYSE Euronext, are in advanced talks about a merger.
The deal would create the world's biggest stock exchange firm by revenue and profits and would be jointly based in New York and Frankfurt.
But the two warned there was no guarantee that discussions would end with a deal.
The announcement came on the day that the London Stock Exchange (LSE) confirmed a tie-up with Canada's TMX.
Cost savings
"This transaction creates a group that is both a world leader in derivatives and risk management and the premier global venue for capital raising," a joint statement from Deutsche Boerse and NYSE Euronext said.
Deutsche Boerse shareholders would own between 59%-60% of the combined exchange, while NYSE shareholders would hold 40%-41%, it said.
The two would be able to save about 300m euros ($411m; £255m) through merging, as well as boosting revenues, it added.
Deutsche Boerse boss Reto Francioni would become chairman, while his counterpart at NYSE, Duncan Niederauer, would take the role of chief executive at the new group.
"That's as big as deals get," said Ed Ditmire at Macquarie Securities. "Clearly Deutsche Boerse would be the buyer. It would be a stretch to call it a merger of equals."
If the deal goes ahead, it would overshadow Wednesday's merger of the LSE and TMX, which operates the Toronto Stock Exchange.
This merger is the latest in a long line of deals between leading stock exchanges around the world.
In recent years, the New York Stock Exchange has bought Euronext; Deutsche Borse has taken over the International Securities Exchange in the US; and the London Stock Exchange, which has successfully fought off a number of takeover approaches, has bought Borsa Italiana.
Analysts say they expect further consolidation among other exchanges.
It has become a common complaint recently that there's just ‘too much TV'. It's not entirely true; there has always been a lot of TV, but never so much good TV. Most cable channels are offering an embarrassment of riches, not to mention newer players like Netflix that have come to dominate the market, and as such it's becoming harder and harder to keep up. The days when there were a handful of shows you simply had to be watching are long gone; if, like me, you closely follow pop culture then it seems like just about everything is essential viewing and there are just not that many hours in the day.
As such, the problem with the era of peak TV is that there are always going to be a few casualties, shows that are so deserving of your attention and yet more or less go completely unnoticed. The late, lamented Hannibal was one, a series that at least gained a fervent cult following over its three year run. But another horror reboot that has also proven to be original, intelligent and beautifully made seems to be getting even less love than Hannibal, which is frankly baffling.
The announcement of an Exorcist TV show was met with no shortage of eye rolling, not all of it unwarranted. While the 1973 film is a classic and original author William Peter Blatty's Exorcist III an underrated gem, it's hard to purge the memories of The Exorcist II and The Beginning. Besides, horror reboots on TV haven't exactly been a consistent trend. Hannibal was brilliant, but Bates Motel only really found its feet in its final years while the less said about the dreadful Damien the better. Furthermore the first trailers for The Exorcist were bland and appeared to make it clear that apart from a reasonably similar plot, this had nothing to do with the original film, something that alienated a lot of the fanbase (including myself).
It was for this reason that, despite the original being a long time favourite of mine, I didn't get on The Exorcist until late in the first season. Even as the episodes were released there was little to no buzz about any of it. It was only when I noticed the consistently good reviews over on The A.V. Club that I wondered if it might be worth taking a look. After all, it couldn't be worse than Damien, right?
As it turns out, The Exorcist is the best reboot of a classic horror property this side of Hannibal. From the start it engages us with likeable, well-written characters with believable human flaws and hints to a sprawling, grander mythology. Very quickly the fact that it wasn't linked to the original film became unimportant; this version of the same old story was creepy and engaging enough to work all by itself. The series centres on the Rance family, specifically Geena Davis' Angela, who becomes convinced that something is terribly wrong with her daughter. The fact that she jumps so fast to possession as an explanation seems a first a little odd, until it slowly becomes clear that Angela has a very good reason for that belief and, as such, this series is a little more linked with the 1973 film than we initially thought.
In fact, I would argue that the reveal late in season one weakened the series over all. It was smart enough to establish itself as its own thing before bringing in the broader franchise mythology, but the show does lose some steam once it can rely on its connections to the iconic original. That said, the arc that linked the film to the show has been left behind for the currently airing season two, so it seems fairly evident that the creative team are more interested in their own creations than the ones that inspired the series, which is by far the braver approach for a franchise property.
It's lucky, then, that the characters are so compelling. If you squint, the two central priests could kind of be stand ins for Fathers Merrin and Karras in the 1973 film, with one being an experienced exorcist and the other a younger man grappling with a crisis of faith, but they are very much their own characters and all the stronger for it. Ben Daniels' Father Marcus is particularly compelling; essentially a globetrotting, embittered, charismatic demon hunter who also happens to be gay. The relationship between the two very different priests gives the show its heart and drive, which is essential for the series as they are the only consistent element from season to season, with each new year focusing on a different exorcism (assuming the series gets another run, which is looking unlikely. Please watch this show).
Lest you think that the anthology-esque structure of the series would weaken the seasonal victims, the Rance family in season one are likable and interesting in their own right, from Alan Ruck's brain-damaged father trying to maintain his dignity, to a later arrival who may somewhat divide fans of the film/book. It's the fact that we care about these people that keeps the tension and stakes high across ten episodes; which is impressive for a horror series.
In fact, it's in the area of horror where The Exorcist really excels. It's a tough genre to bring to TV; horror films generally thrive on being roller coasters designed to put you through the emotional ringer, but over ten hours this becomes much harder to maintain. The Exorcist displays a masterful understanding of when to let tensions simmer, when to taunt us with creepy imagery, and when to crank the nightmare up to eleven. The exorcisms are uniformly terrifying and one jaw dropping moment will ensure you never look at a curling iron the same way again. The portrayal of the demon is also cleverly handled; subtle enough to never veer into over-the-top territory, but unsettling enough to ensure that a sense of wrongness pervades all the scenes in which he appears.
The Exorcist, for me, consolidates a slowly growing suspicion that the best place for the classic horror properties is not in cynical reboots, but in television, where people who grew up loving the originals can delve into the mythology, pay homage, but also have the breathing room to do something all their own. The Exorcist, for all that it uses the basic plot and iconography of the classic film, is very much its own beast, and that is what makes it special. Like Hannibal before it, it balances clever homage with genuine originality, and that is no mean feat for any TV show.
Considering the show's season two renewal was a surprise due to the ratings, which have only decreased since, it's hard to imagine this series getting a third year, and without a loud or fervent cult following, enough evident demand might not be there for Netflix or another streaming service to swoop in and save it. The Exorcist seems destined to be one of those shows that more people slowly discover over the years, but frankly it deserves a lot more than that. It's a rare example of smart, lovingly made, well written television horror that gives you a reason to care even as it terrifies you. Plus it officially restores the name of The Exorcist franchise to one worth respecting which, by the way, was a very tall order.
The Exorcist season two currently airs on Wednesday nights on Syfy UK.
Pharaoh Khufu must be rolling in his monumental grave. Since its construction in 2560 BC, the Great Pyramid of Giza stood as the largest man-made pyramid ever built*. For 3800 years, it held the title of the tallest man-made structure of any kind. It wasn't until the Industrial Revolution that our buildings began dwarfing this wonder of the ancient world. Even still, the Great Pyramid is massive, with a volume of 2,580,000 cubic meters. But there is another pyramid, more massive than Giza, and it wasn't built to entomb a mighty king. It's not a monument of any kind. The largest (by volume) pyramid in the world resides in Alberta, Canada and it's made entirely of sulfur.
Wait, what?
Alberta is home to two major oil companies, Syncrude and Suncor, who rule the Alberta oil sands from Fort McMurray. Oil sands are petroleum deposits rich in bitumin, a tar like substance, that can be processed into bituminous oil. Alberta is the world's leading producer of bituminous oil. Among the byproducts of bitumin mining is sulfur. Unfortunately, sulfur is produced in such massive quantities that the refining process has completely tanked the market for it. With nowhere for the sulfur to go, at least one company, Syncrude, has developed a truly novel solution–build pyramids.
Technically, they're ziggurats, for now. This structure are built from blocks of liquid elemental sulfur that are poured and solidified. The image below shows three of the great pyramids of Alberta–and yes the Google satellite images are washed out around the tar sands facilities (see for yourself).
So how do they stack up against other legendary pyramids? According to the recently published Visit Sunny Chernobyl, an excellent book about pollution tourism, the largest of these pyramids has a quarter-mile long base and stands almost 60 feet tall. Here, for scale, is the largest sulfur pyramid compared against Khufu's tomb:
So the sulfur pyramid is shorter, with a much bigger base. How does its volume compare to that of the Great Pyramid? The Great Pyramid is 2,580,000 cubic meters. The Sulfur Pyramid of Alberta? 2,840,000** cubic meters and still growing! One expert suggests that at the current rate, the total area needed for sulfur storage in Alberta in the next hundred years will be 150 square kilometers of 50 foot stacks. That's 405,000,000,000*** cubic meters, which means, if built as a single structure, the sulfur stacks are on track to become the most massive man-made structure, ever.
The Sulfur Pyramids of Alberta are quite possibly the greatest wonder of the industrial world.
*A reasonable argument could be made for The Great Pyramid of Cholula as largest. Cholula is a massive complex of successive structure, built by several groups over 600 years. When accounting for the base of the main pyramid structure, rather than the entire complex, Cholula tops out at a very respectable 1,800,000 cubic meters. The total volume of the complex is approximately 4,450,000 cubic meters, making Cholula the largest monument in the world.
**Based on photographs of these mounds (see here, here, and here), the sides range from shear to slightly sloped, so I am using an estimated angle of 15 degrees for the side. If anyone has more accurate measurements (perhaps a Syncrude rep would like to chime in), I would greatly appreciate that information.
***Assuming the walls are all shear.
It's pretty hard to miss them anywhere you drive in South Bend throughout the day, standing on street corners, signs in hand.
But some Common Council members are looking to put those panhandlers to work.
Councilman Oliver Davis is hoping to replace the signs with a minimum wage job.
Davis and three other council members are sponsoring a bill to adopt a plan similar to that of Portland, Maine and Albuquerque, New Mexico where panhandlers clean up the city.
"Uncomfortable, awkward, and unpleasant" this is how the proposed resolution describes the city's panhandler problem.
People have tried to bring down panhandling activity in South Bend and across the country before, but it doesn't always pan out.
"People have their freedom of speech," Davis said. "They can come on public property and raise their sign and say 'Will work for food.' They can do that. That's their freedom of speech. Those cities who have tried to stop that, found themselves losing in court."
Despite efforts, there are still a lot of people begging for money. Even some who don't need to be on the street.
"There's probably over 60 percent of the people who utilize the funds that they receive to take care of food, water, shelter, and other things," Davis said. "So we cannot be discouraged because there are people who are fakers."
So this new resolution would hit two birds with one stone. It decreases the amount of panhandlers you'd see driving down the road, and it would also help out the people who actually need the help.
"Those who are out there that are looking for some support, some strength, some crutches in a sense, because they've been broken," Davis said. "We can provide some crutches for them until their legs get stronger and then they can move forward."
The fakers and those who don't want the offer would still be a out on the town, but the hope is at least some people can get the help they need.
"There are people who will not accept the crutch and continue to be lame," Davis said. "But for those who accept it, let's do something as a city as we prepare our 2018 budget to move forward."
4 out of the 9 council members are already signed onto the bill as co sponsors, so it just takes one more member to get the panhandlers some paying jobs.
Davis hopes this isn't just a local solution.
He wants other people to read about the plan if it passes. He hopes they get inspired to do something similar in their city so it can affect millions of people across the country.
The pilot plan is set to use $25,000, just like Portland when it started the program. But we first have to find out if the resolution passes next Monday on June 12th.
Read the full resolution below:
BILL NO. 17-
RESOLUTION NO. ________
A RESOLUTION OF THE COMMON COUNCIL OF THE CITY
OF SOUTH BEND, INDIANA, STRONGLY ENDORSING AND RECOMMENDING IMPLEMENTATION OF A PILOT EMPLOYMENT PROGRAM TO REDUCE PANHANDLING WITHIN THE CITY OF SOUTH BEND AND FOR AN APPROPRIATION WITHIN THE 2018 CITY BUDGET OF MONIES TO FUND SUCH PILOT PROGRAM
WHEREAS, the City of South Bend, like many cities within the country, has experienced solicitation of money by people who are often having financial hardships and other types of distress from fellow citizens, particularly in warmer months within downtown South Bend and at busy street corners throughout the City; and
WHEREAS, the conduct of personally soliciting money from others in public places, known as panhandling, can be uncomfortable, awkward, and unpleasant for the person being solicited as well as being a loss of dignity for the solicitor; and
WHEREAS, the City of South Bend has enacted laws to regulate and reduce this conduct at Chapter 13, Article 2, Sections 25 through 27 of the South Bend Municipal Code which has helped curb aggressive panhandling but does not affect its root causes of poverty and homelessness; and
WHEREAS, other cities have initiated programs to curtail panhandling such as installing bright parking style meters where visitors and residents can donate to local non-profits rather than hand cash to panhandlers, and providing gift cards and mittens to those in need; and
WHEREAS, the city of Portland, Maine, population around 67,000, has started a constructive, innovative program based on a similar one in Albuquerque, New Mexico (population around 546,000) which Portland has titled the “Portland Opportunity Crew. It offers to pay panhandlers the city's minimum wage plus lunch for a six hour work day cleaning public parks and spaces, after which social services including job training are made available; and
WHEREAS, the Portland Opportunity Crew program estimated cost is around $41,000.00, and Portland appropriated $25,000 in early May 2017 to fund a pilot program for 36 weeks, and the Albuquerque program began with a $50,000 budget but now receives $181,000 annually of which nearly $61,000 is donated; and
WHEREAS, giving persons the opportunity to improve the community for fair compensation in lieu of incurring the stigma and discomfort of begging for money provides dignity to the individual in need, and reduces the frustration and irritation of persons being solicited for funds; and
WHEREAS, The Mayor and the South Bend Common Council will soon begin the 2018 budget process and the Council requests and recommends that the Administration include funding within the 2018 budget in the sum of $25,000.00 to initiate a pilot program similar to the Portland Opportunity Crew.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE COMMON COUNCIL OF THE CITY OF SOUTH BEND, INDIANA, AS FOLLOWS:
Section I. The Common Council hereby expresses its strong endorsement of and recommendation for the implementation in South Bend, Indiana, of a program similar to the Portland [Maine] Opportunity Crew to address constructively and innovatively the social problems of panhandling within the City of South Bend.
Section II. The Common Council hereby states that it requests and encourages the City Administration to provide within the 2018 budget the sum of $25,000.00 to commence such a program on a pilot basis
Section III. This Resolution shall be in full force and effect from and after its adoption by the Common Council.
Oliver Davis, Vice President, Common Council
Regina Williams-Preston, Common Council
Karen L. White, Common Council at Large
John Voorde, Common Council at Large
Fear and anger gripped Nigeria after a wave of Christmas Day bombings killed up to 40 people and wounded many more, sparking strong condemnation from Goodluck Jonathan, the Nigerian president, and the international community.
Hundreds of residents sought to flee the violence-torn city of Damaturu on Monday fearing further attacks and clashes between Islamists and the police, while about 30 Christian shops were burnt in the nearby city of Potiskum late on Sunday, the APF news agency reported.
The Nigerian Islamist group, Boko Haram, claimed responsibility for the wave of attacks on Sunday, which included bomb explosions at two churches and a suicide attack in the northeast.
Denouncing the attacks before a gathering in Abuja, Jonathan said: "There is no reason for this kind of dastardly acts.
Abba Moro, Nigeria's interior minister, told Al Jazeera's Ahmed Idris that the government planned to change its tactics in dealing with Boko Haram.
"He said they are going to re-strategise to deal with the situation... He said all options are open and government is assuring Nigerians that they are going to do everything possible to bring this cycle of violence under control as soon as possible," Idris reported the minister as saying.
Security stepped up
Our correspondent said security had been stepped up in the capital and in many other places, but Nigerians still had doubts about the ability of the government to deal with the situation.
"[Many Nigerians] feel that the security agencies are not up to the task. A lot of people are calling for a review of the security strategy and the security apparatus of government in the country. The government promised to do its best to handle the situation but so far this is not reassuring Nigerians that everything is under control," he said.
Speaking at his post-Christmas blessing on Monday in Vatican City, Pope Benedict XVI said only respect and reconciliation could bring peace, not violence.
He said he had learned with "profound sadness" of the "absurd" attack on the St Theresa Catholic Church.
"In this moment, I want to repeat once again with force: violence is a path that leads only to pain, destruction and death. Respect, reconciliation and love are the only path to peace," he said.
Catherine Ashton, the EU foreign policy chief, used strong words to condemn the attacks.
"I am profoundly shocked and saddened by the terrorist attacks which took place in several regions of Nigeria, including cowardly attacks on religious symbols and churches during the Christmas period, with appalling loss of human lives," she said in a statement.
"I condemn in the strongest possible terms these attacks and all other acts of terrorism," she said, voicing her solidarity and condolences to the victims and their families.
For its part, the White House condemned the "senseless" attack, offered its condolences to the Nigerian people, and pledged to assist authorities in bringing those responsible to justice.
In a statement, William Hague, Britain's foreign secretary, said: "These are cowardly attacks on families gathered in peace and prayer to celebrate a day which symbolises harmony and goodwill towards others."
Ban Ki-moon, the UN secretary-general, called in a statement for an end to religious violence in Nigeria.
Responsibility claim
Abu Qaqa, a spokesperson for Boko Haram, which advocates the enforcement of strict Islamic law in Nigeria, claimed responsibility for the bombings in a statement to the journalists' association of Maiduguri, capital of the group's heartland.
Al Jazeera's Idris, reporting from the scene of the first attack in Madalla, a satellite town of Nigeria's capital Abuja, said the assailant triggered an explosion after failing to gain access to the church on Sunday morning.
A government official said a second explosion also struck near a church, this time targeting a congregation in the central Nigerian city of Jos, killing a policeman. Another explosion was reported to have taken place at a church in the northeastern town of Gadaka, in Yobe state.
Police said a fourth explosion was triggered by a suicide bomber at the state security service building in Damaturu, also in Yobe. That blast killed four security officials and the bomber, they said.
Another explosion was also reported to have taken place in Damaturu on Sunday, but no further details were available.
Sunday's attacks occurred after days of battles between Boko Haram and security forces left more than 60 people dead near Maiduguri and Damaturu.
Boko Haram, whose name means "Western education is sacrilege" in the local Hausa language, is responsible for at least 504 killings this year alone, according to an Associated Press count.
Posted August 3, 2015 at 1:01 am
Please note that Susan's snark in panel four is hers and hers alone! I would have been happy leaving the point at panel three, but this is a comic strip, darn it. I had to end it on SOMETHING other than "can't we all just get along and drink lemonade together".
(That said, that is basically what one would have to do to get me to change my mind about this)
That said, there are dictionary listings for "opinion" with as many as six different uses considered to be valid and not antiquated by the dictionary they're in.
The opinion that opinions are never right or wrong is dependent on one of those definitions being the only one people use, and it's not. People express all sorts of things that they will claim are their opinions, and there are dictionaries that will back them up on it. It doesn't make what they said truly subjective and immune to scrutiny, but their use of “opinion” will at least technically be valid.
So deal with it, people who hate cereal stealing jet pack koalas! YOU'RE STILL WRONG!
EDIT: I wound up rewording panel two a bit. Susan's example was originally "I don't believe climate change is affected by people." Susan's point that whether climate change is affected by people is objective was the same, but it read like she was referring to whether that hypothetical person believed in something. The current version is more in keeping with people saying stuff "in my opinion, (insert something totally not subjective here)", which is sort of the point.
NBC10's Darlene Jones has details on what prompted the investigation of teachers and a principal in a Northeast Philadelphia elementary school. (Published Thursday, May 8, 2014)
For five years, teachers and the principal of a Philadelphia elementary school allegedly engaged in an cheating operation to raise test scores for a state standardized exam, Pennsylvania's top prosecutor said on Thursday morning.
Now, they face criminal charges.
Motive Behind School Cheating Scandal
NBC10 Investigator Harry Hairston went to the school district with questions regarding an elementary school cheating scandal. (Published Thursday, May 8, 2014)
Five educators -- four teachers and their principal -- at Cayuga Elementary School in the Hunting Park section of the city allegedly changed or provided answers to students and reviewed test questions for the Pennsylvania System of School Assessment (PSSA) before giving the exam, according to Pa. Attorney General Kathleen Kane.
"Cheating robs children of a good education and hurts kids and families," Kane said in a statement. "The alleged misconduct by these educators is an affront to the public's trust and will not be tolerated."
From 2007 through 2012, principal Evelyn Cortez and teachers Jennifer Hughes, Lorraine Vicente, Rita Wyszynski and Ary Sloane allegedly instructed students to record test answers on scrap paper so their work could be checked, a grand jury investigation found.
Cortez "blatantly promoted" the act over the PA system at the nearly 450 student school, the AG's Office said.
Prosecutors said the grand jury also found the principal allegedly walked through classrooms during the testing, looked over students' shoulders and tapped their test booklet to indicate the answer needed to be changed.
Testifying before the grand jury, one teacher said Wyszynski admitted she, Sloane and Cortez would at times come into school on Saturday and change test answers, a grand jury report stated.
The high test scores led to accolades from district officials and even a promotion for Sloan, who became the principal of another district school.
Once the alleged cheating stopped in 2012, prosecutors say the school's PSSA scores plummeted across all grades and subjects.
According to the School District of Philadelphia, math PSSA test scores for 3rd grade Cayuga students dropped from 63 percent to 30 percent from 2011 to 2012 -- when the alleged cheating ended. Reading scores for the same grade went from 60 percent to 27 percent in the same period.
In the 4th grade, math scores dropped from 77 percent to 39 percent and reading scores went from 42 percent to 19 percent, according to the records.
PHOTO: Cayuga Elementary School at 5th and W. Cayuga Streets was the scene of alleged prolonged cheating scandal perpetuated by educators.
School District of Philadelphia spokesman Fernando Gallard said the charges stem from 2011 investigation conducted by the Pa. Department of Education and state Inspector General. Officials looked at suspicious PSSA results at 11 district schools and 3 charter schools as well as other schools across the Commonwealth.
The grand jury presentment said the test results and number of answer changes were statistically improbable.
"The five individuals criminally charged today were immediately suspended from their current duties pending a disciplinary conference to be scheduled in the near future," Gallard said in a statement.
The district changed its test security procedures in early 2012, Gallard said.
Jerry Jordan, head of the Philadelphia Federation of Teachers, said it was the teachers who blew the whistle on the problem. Still, he admonished their alleged actions.
"There is no place for cheating when it comes to educating our children. As educators we teach our students that they have to work hard to be successful," he said.
Cortez, 59, Vicente, 41, and Hughes, 59, have all been charged with felony Corrupt Organizations, Perjury, Tampering with Public Records or Information as well as several misdemeanors.
Wysznski, 65, and Sloane, 56, are charged with felony Tampering with Public Records or Information and misdemeanors including Forgery.
All five of the educators turned themselves in to Philadelphia Police's Northeast Detective Division on Thursday morning.
Cortez's attorney, Matthew Sedacca, told NBC10.com that his client contends "the charges are not true."
"She is denying these allegations and we are going to fight them. We have not seen any of the paperwork that has been presented by the Attorney General's Office," he said.
Hughes' attorney, Leno Thomas, said his client is innocent. "We look forward to defending in court vigorously."
Attorney information for the other teachers was not immediately available.
The AG's Office said their statewide investigation is ongoing signaling that more could be charged in Philadelphia and elsewhere in the future.
Gallard said the district disciplined or fired 15 employees earlier this year following a separate, unrelated internal investigation of test taking practices at 19 schools.
Philadelphia isn't the first major school district to be embroiled in a test cheating scandal. Districts in Washington, D.C., Atlanta, Ga. and Houston, TX have all been under investigation for similar accusations.
Contact Vince Lattanzio at 610.668.5532, vince.lattanzio@nbcuni.com or follow @VinceLattanzio on Twitter.
My goal is equal parts genius, ridiculous and insane: to artfully photograph 1000 pugs. In a single year.
The goal of the, uh, goal is to create the ultimate celebration of all things pug, both online and in printed form. Aside from being ridiculously cute, these weird little dogs have the amazing ability to turn ordinary people into complete freaks... and that's definitely something worth celebrating.
Oh, and if you're tempted to stop reading because you don't think you're a pug person - don't. I wasn't always a pug person either.
WHY 1000 PUGS?
Like a lot of great ideas, 1000 Pugs started as a completely random, fleeting moment. A very bored pug I was fostering gnawed on the corner of a book, which just so happened to be a collection of dog photography titled A Thousand Dogs. I remember thinking how awesome it would be to have a book of 1000 pugs...
In the three years since that little pug came along, I've become a successful dog photographer, made a viral pug video, am the human behind a wildly popular pug blog and am a certifiable pug freak. Why shouldn't I photograph 1000 pugs and make my own book?
WHERE AM I GOING TO FIND 1000 PUGS?
Starting this January, I'll begin shooting pugs in 12 cities across the US + Canada. I'm a big believer in recycled dogs, so I teamed up with area pug rescues to help me get the word out.
The first city sold out in less than 10 minutes (go Seattle!) and over 400 pugs signed up to be 1 of 1000 on the very first day. There's already a ton of momentum behind the project and there is absolutely zero doubt the 1k mark will be met.
I'LL SELL A KIDNEY IF I HAVE TO...
I'm putting my life & business on hold for 5-6 months to complete this project and to be fully road-worthy, I'm going to need a few things (very expensive electronic things). A sitting fee will cover my travel costs and a big chunk will be donated to pug rescues. The rest will be eaten up by luxury items like rent, dog food, health insurance and taxes.
I'm too old to 'make bank' selling my eggs and kinda like my kidneys, so I'm hoping kickstarter will help me fill in the money gap so I can get the things I need to make this project awesome.
THE EXPENSIVE ELECTRONIC THINGS
My $9636 kickstarter goal will cover the cost of a Mac laptop, second camera body, additional memory and storage. Yup. That's it. Like I said in the video, this stuff adds up fast.
WARM FUZZY FEELING + OTHER REWARDS
For helping me reach my goal, you'll get a warm fuzzy feeling and some pretty cool stuff. The last pug won't be shot until October and that's way too long to wait for a reward, so you'll be able to score:
1000 Pugs t-shirt (choose from 2 designs)
a full color mini military style dog tag (perfect size for hanging on your pug, keychain or small child?)
all-access Q&A with yours truly
a private photoshoot with you and your dog
one on one photography instruction
And a warm fuzzy feeling for helping me make this project awesome.
[url=https://geekhack.org/index.php?topic=92644.0][img width=480 height=120]https://i.imgur.com/347ZsQJ.jpg[/img][/url]
[url=https://geekhack.org/index.php?topic=92644.0][img width=480 height=120]https://i.imgur.com/8luWwen.jpg[/img][/url]
More
- R1 1u creamy white F5-F8
- R1 1u green ~`
- R2 1.5u green |\
- R3 1.75u stepped Control, regular caps lock(windowed)
- R3 1u dished F, J, 5
- R4 1u 00
- 6u Spacebars
Added:
- R4 1u End
- R1 1u Green watster novelty key
- R4 2u shift
Changed:
- R3 1u iso key changed to primary legend
- Green spacebars in the spacebar kit changed to maroon
Pls tell me what you think
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Removed:- R1 1u creamy white F5-F8- R1 1u green ~`- R2 1.5u green |\- R3 1.75u stepped Control, regular caps lock(windowed)- R3 1u dished F, J, 5- R4 1u 00- 6u SpacebarsAdded:- R4 1u End- R1 1u Green watster novelty key- R4 2u shiftChanged:- R3 1u iso key changed to primary legend- Green spacebars in the spacebar kit changed to maroonPls tell me what you think-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
More
Spacebars kit:
Base kit:Spacebars kit:
08/01/2018:GB is LIVE!I'm locking this IC threadPlease move the discussion to the GB thread: https://geekhack.org/index.php?topic=93441.0 Thank you all!-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------01/01/2018 Rev.6:Changed green novelty keys to maroon-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------11/12/2017 Rev.5:Added:- Maroon numpad return keyThis should be the final kit design, and we are looking at $175 for base kit.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------01/12/2017 Rev.4:Added:- R1 1u translucent campfire novelty-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------30/11/2017 More renders from thesiscamper:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------28/11/2017 Rev3:Removed:- R1 1u green watster novelty keyAdded:- R1 1u green ~`- R2 1.5u green |\- R3 1u dished F, J, 5-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------27/11/2017:Put one of these in your profile signature to show support on GMK Camping!!-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------26/11/2017 Rev. 2:24/11/2017 updated:Hi guys,I hope you have a great thanksgiving and got some awesome stuff with the black friday sales.I've made a Google form to collect votes for the keys that I'm considering to remove so that we can bring down the pricing of GMK Camping a little bit.Please vote, I will be really appreciated!-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Hi fellow geek hackers,Hereby I'd like to introduce you GMK Camping.This was planned after the success run of SA Camping, and we finally have the time to settle this down.First of all, Camping was created by Monkey six with ideas came from friends among the Camp group. It was meant to be a private project within the group. I posted the IC here and received a lot of interests which drove the project to be opened to the public. After Camping was delivered, I received questions from different resources asking if we will run that again in the future. Unfortunately, Camping was meant to be a one-off run to celebrate the one-year anniversary of Camp group. As alternative, I talked to the original creator Monkey six, and we are providing the GMK version of Camping in return of your support during SA Camping.We hope you like this.And please feel free to provide any suggetions.Specs:Profile: Cherry 112344Manufacturer: GMKMaterial: ABS double shotColors: Custom colors per SA Camping (SP colors: VF/WCK/RBC)Special thanks to our homie Oblotzky for rendersGMK Camping on keebs:Pictures of SA Camping by Monkey six:
Answers in Genesis, the Creationist ministry run by Ken Ham, is evolving.
Ham says that an answer in Genesis–Canada is scheduled to open in 2018, with an online store launching earlier. It'll be run by Calvin Smith, an Ontario native who has spoken about Creationism at churches across the nation since 2001.
The announcement didn't say where any headquarters would be located — or even if there would be a physical building — but the goal is clear: Make Canada just as dumb as the U.S.
According to a recent study, a mere 15% of Canadians have any kind of creationist belief. The church there desperately needs AiG resources to be equipped to stand on the authority of the Word of God and boldly preach the gospel. We're excited to be part of encouraging and equipping our Canadian brothers and sisters through speaking events, resources, conferences, and more.
You've been warned, Canada. If a group of Creationists tells you they're interested in building a giant ark somewhere, just say no. It's not worth it. We tried telling people over here and our pleas went nowhere. Learn from our mistakes.
I had no idea we could Make America Great Again by dumbing down our neighbor.
The 29-year-old man who died in a shootout that left three Chicago officers injured was a felon and a documented gang member, police said Tuesday. (Published Tuesday, March 15, 2016)
The 29-year-old man who died in a shootout that left three Chicago officers injured was a felon and a documented gang member, police said Tuesday.
Lamar Harris, who fired at officers Monday night in West Chicago, had seven felony convictions and 43 arrests on his rap sheet, according to police. His most recent felony convictions were on January 9, 2012, for aggravated unlawful use of a weapon and resisting a peace officer, causing injury.
A narcotics tactical team observed a drug deal in the alley of the 3700 block of West Polk just before 10 p.m. on Wednesday, according to police. When the team confronted the offenders, the men opened fire.
When the shootout was finished, three officers sustained non life-threatening injures, according to police. They were taken to Stroger Hospital in serious condition, and all are expected to live.
3 Chicago Officers Shot on West Side: Police
Three Chicago police officers have been injured in a shooting on Chicago's West Side, according to police. NBC 5's Dick Johnson reports. (Published Monday, March 14, 2016)
One of the officers was able to return fire and shot and killed Harris, one of two offenders, according to CPD Spokesman Sgt. Al Stinites. The other offender fled on foot and was not apprehended.
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel released the following statement:
"Every day the dedicated men and women of the Chicago Police Department put themselves in danger so the rest of us can be safe. Tonight we were reminded of the dangers that our police face, and the bravery that they routinely display as three of our officers were shot in line of duty. The thoughts and prayers of our entire city are with the officers and their families during this difficult time."
It's been a strange week for Paul Calandra.
On Tuesday, the Conservative MP for the Ontario riding of Oak Ridges —Markham sparked controversy by ducking an NDP question about Iraq with a non-sequitur about Israel. Calandra's response was widely mocked and led some pundits to wonder if question period serves any point at all any more.
But Calandra took to Twitter to double-down.
Media upset with me, gee what am I to do? Tell you what, I will stand up for Israel who are on the front lines fighting terror every day. — Paul Calandra (@PaulCalandra) September 24, 2014
On Wednesday, Calandra attempted to defend his question period performance on CBC's Power & Politics, sparking an epic facepalm from an NDP rival.
On Friday, Calandra tearfully apologized for his behaviour but conceded there will probably be other times he answers questions in a manner that upsets some of his colleagues.
"I don't think this will be the last time that I'll get up and answer a question that doesn't effectively respond," he said.
As the prime minister's parliamentary secretary, Calandra earns $16,300 on top of his base MP salary of $163,700 — good for $180,000 a year. His main responsibility, seemingly, is to field queries on behalf of the government during question period.
Last year, that meant responding to some tough questions about the Wright-Duffy affair and Senate expense scandal. But his answers – which often included insults hurled at rivals and personal anecdotes about his family life – spurred criticism he was wasting everyone's time. Though not exactly a household name, a website was created just to mock him.
Here are some of Calandra's more memorable quotes from the House.
On New Democrats... The Canadian Press "New Democrats are like a stinky skunk in a corner. They are the shadow of what they used to be; a party that used to stand for something in this place, that on occasion used to fight for the things they actually believed in. Now they are like a scared little skunk in a corner, ready to spray that smelly spray one last time before they go into oblivion." April 1, 2014
On Flowers and Lemonade... "I do like flowers and, of course, with lemons I like to make lemonade. My two daughters, this summer, actually had a lemonade stand where they sold lemonade for 5¢ on the street. They did very well. I am very proud of them." November 26, 2013
On Knowing Where You Live... The Canadian Press "One of the first things I taught my daughters when they could speak was their address, so that if they got lost, they would know to tell the police or anybody where they lived." October 30, 2013
On His Father's Pizza Shop... The Canadian Press "My father owned a pizza store. He worked 16 to 18 hours a day. I can tell the House what my father would not have done if he saw somebody stealing from his cash register. He would not have said 'You are suspended, but make sure you come back every two weeks and collect a paycheque'. What he would have said, 'You're fired, leave', and he would have called the police." October 29, 2013
On Eugene... "Mr. Speaker, just to conclude that story, we also had a driver, Eugene. He was a Philippine immigrant and he used to deliver pizzas. Part of the agreement was that he would provide receipts for gas. Could Eugene have provided extra receipts? He could have, but he did not. He was honourable." October 29, 2013
On How Good It Feels To Be A Tory... The Canadian Press "Thank goodness Canadians elected a strong, stable, national Conservative majority government, led by the best Prime Minister in the world, flanked by a Minister of Finance who has won awards, with the strongest cabinet in Canadian history, and Conservative members of Parliament working all over the country to hope for hope, jobs, and economic prosperity. Those are the reasons I represent." October 21, 2013
On His Daughters' Allowances... The Canadian Press "I have two daughters, a seven-year-old and a five-year-old, two beautiful girls, Natalie and Olivia, and each week I give them an allowance. Part of that allowance might be for cleaning their rooms. Both Natalie and Olivia know that sometimes their mother might clean their rooms. They both know that they should not ask for an allowance because they did not actually do the work." October 30, 2013
On Santa Claus... The Canadian Press "I ask the Liberal Party to join with us in protecting the citizenship of Santa Claus, join with us in making sure the North Pole remains part of Canada. For all of those kids around the world who are depending on Santa Claus, I ask them to abandon their ideas and stick with us, and keep Santa Claus Canadian." December 10, 2013
Like Us On Facebook
Dr Ahmad is a co-owner and executive vice-president of government affairs for JNA Capital - a Philadelphia-based real estate finance and development company.
"I am pleased to announce that these experienced and committed individuals have agreed to join this Administration, and I look forward to working with them in the coming months and years," said Obama in a statement issued by the White House.
Obama is currently on a four-nation tour to Asia.
Of Bangladesh origin, Ahmad is founding member of APA for Progress, a grassroot, internet-empowered, national network of Asian Pacific Americans and friends for Progressive Action.
Nina Ahmad is going to be the first Bangladeshi-American to be installed in the high office of the Obama administration.
This Commission is charged with working to improve the quality of life of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders through increased participation in and access to federal programmes.
Nina Ahmad and 13 other individuals will advise the President on innovative ways to engage AAPIs across the country and to improve their health, education, environment, and well-being.
She is the President of PrymeJenomix, LLC, an emerging life science company based in Philadelphia, PA.
Ahmad is a court-qualified expert witness in forensic DNA analysis. She provides testimony as well as reviews DNA typing results and interpretation.
She has also been a 49% owner of JNA Capital, Inc - a real estate finance and development company based in Philadelphia - since its inception in 1994.
The real estate finance and development consulting company sources debt and equity for commercial and urban mixed-use community development projects anchored by academic institutions.
She directs all matters pertaining to government and public affairs.
Ahmad received her Doctoral degree in 1990 from the chemistry department of the University of Pennsylvania. Her postdoctoral training was with noted collagen expert, Darwin Prockop, MD, PhD at Thomas Jefferson University.
Dr Ahmad discovered the first direct evidence of collagen type II gene mutation in the Stickler syndrome (joint-eye disease), which expanded the field by providing a starting point for molecular genetic research into the generalised disease of osteoarthritis. She is one of the patent holders of “Methods of Detecting a Genetic Predisposition for Osteoarthritis”.
She served on the Institutional Review Board at Wills Eye Hospital, which is responsible for scientific integrity of research projects and the safety of human subjects.
In January 2009, Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter appointed her as the Chair of the newly reconstituted 25-member Commission on Asian American Affairs.
The Commission functions as an effective conduit between Philadelphia's rapidly growing Asian American population, city government and the city at large.
Dr Ahmad serves on the Board of the Pennsylvania Immigration and Citizenship Coalition.
She resides in the Mt Airy neighbourhood of Philadelphia with her husband Ahsan Nasratullah and two daughters.
By Clayton Flesher
We are living in the most peaceful time in history. There is less violence in the world today, on average per person, than at any other period. Not only that, but rates of violence in the United States are lower now than they have ever been. Oklahoma is almost certainly no exception.
Taking out the part about Oklahoma, this is the thesis of Steven Pinker's book, “The Better Angels of Our Nature, Why Violence Has Declined.” Pinker argues effectively that violence has declined both in the long and short term, and proposes explanations for why this is the case. Wikipedia summarizes Pinker's position as well as anyone:
“Among these social changes cited as bringing about the ascendancy of our “better angels” are: the emergence of a strong government/authority with a monopoly on violence, the interconnectivity of cultures through the need for trade; increased literacy, urbanisation, mobility and access to mass media – all of which have exposed different cultures to each other – and the spread of democracy. Pinker stresses, however, that ‘The decline, to be sure, has not been smooth; it has not brought violence down to zero; and it is not guaranteed to continue'.”
Pinker does a wonderful job in the first half of his book demonstrating that violence genuinely has declined throughout history. The key to understanding Pinker's case is to keep in mind that he isn't talking about actual incidents of violence, which very well could have increased, but to look at rates of violence compared against the overall population. Incidents of violence per 100,000 people has plummeted to all-time historical lows.
While some people have tried to argue that Pinker may be mistaken in the long-term, his argument that violence declined in the last half of the twentieth century, particularly in Western democracies, goes undisputed. In the United States, there was a peak in the 1960s, followed by a steady decline in all kinds of violence since. In just the last twenty years, the United States has seen the rate of violence decline so much that the incidence drops have outpaced population growth, which is to say violence has declined by over 37 percent at the same time that the population has grown by over 22 percent. If you combine the numbers, the actual rate of violent crimes per 100,000 people in the United States has dropped by nearly half in just twenty years.
I'm not going to try to argue for or against Pinker's explanations to why this has occurred. I'm not qualified to do so. What I'm interested in is how Oklahoma holds up under this trend, and whether Pinker's explanations might shed light on the areas where Oklahoma differs from other parts of the United States and the broader world.
Oklahoma has not bucked the national trend. It also has become less violent in the last twenty years. In 1993, there were 20,498 violent crimes reported in Oklahoma. That number peaked in 1995 at 21,748. Since then, the number of reported violent crimes dropped to 17,630 in 2011.
At the same time, Oklahoma's population grew. There may be no census data for 1993, but if you go back to 1990, the state population was estimated at 3,145,585 million people. In 2010 it had grown to 3,751,351 million people. That's an increase of over 19 percent.
If you combine violent crime and population numbers, the Oklahoma violent crime rate per 100,000 dropped by more than 25 percent between the early 1990s and 2010. This may seem significant, but the bad news is that Oklahoma has not kept up with national trends. For example, when Oklahoma's violent crime rate peaked in 1995, at something like 660 incidents per 100,000 people, it was still below the national average of 684.5 incidents. While the Oklahoma and national rates have dropped, Oklahoma has not kept pace with the overall decline in rates of violence. In 2010, Oklahoma's violent crime rate was 478 incidents per 100,000 people, while the national average was down to 404.5 incidents. Here is a useful visual comparing Oklahoma's violent crime rates to the national average since 2002.
The sections of the country that are the most violent might be surprising. Wikipedia has a nice graphic showing the most violent states as of 2004. The states shaded in the lightest pink means under 100 violent crimes per 100,000 people were reported in 2004, while the states shaded with the darkest red indicates over 800 violent crimes per 100,000 people were reported.
As you can see, Southern states tend to be more violent than Northern states. Pinker's explanation for this is that the people who tended to immigrate to the Southern US were herders and just happened to live in a more anarchic situation than the agrarian settlers of the Northern half of the nation. Now add in America's frontier history, where the cliche of the lawless cow town and dangerous gold rush community depicted in popular culture isn't too far off the mark. After all, Deadwood is based on a true story. Pinker sums up the impact of this cultural remnant in an editorial he wrote for the New York Times called “Why Are States So Red and Blue?”:
“But then why, once stable government did arrive, did it not lay claim to the monopoly on violence that is the very definition of government? The historian Pieter Spierenburg has suggested that “democracy came too soon to America,” namely, before the government had disarmed its citizens. Since American governance was more or less democratic from the start, the people could choose not to cede to it the safeguarding of their personal safety but to keep it as their prerogative. The unhappy result of this vigilante justice is that American homicide rates are far higher than those of Europe, and those of the South higher than those of the North.
If this history is right, the American political divide may have arisen not so much from different conceptions of human nature as from differences in how best to tame it. The North and coasts are extensions of Europe and continued the government-driven civilizing process that had been gathering momentum since the Middle Ages. The South and West preserved the culture of honor that emerged in the anarchic territories of the growing country, tempered by their own civilizing forces of churches, families, and temperance.”
Oklahoma was one of the last states fully tamed by government, with only Alaska coming relatively later. Another book I've been reading through, “An Oklahoma I Had Never Seen Before,” is a progressive history of Oklahoma. It openly discusses how weak the territorial government had been in the decades prior to statehood, and how there was a time in Oklahoma's pre-state history where a majority of the population were illegal settlers. These settlers would have not had the same level of recourse for government intervention in disputes as nearly everyone else in the country.
One thing that hasn't dropped as much in Oklahoma over the last few years is the murder rate. The number dropped from a high of 400 in 1995, the Murrah Building bombing accounts for 168 victims, down to around 200 a year in 2000, and has hovered around that number ever since. The murder rate in Oklahoma in 2010 was 5 victims per 100,000 people.
There is a very useful chart in the Performance Statistics section of ok.gov that shows that Oklahoma's murder rate has either met or been above the national rate every year for the last decade.
Comparing Oklahoma's violent crime rate to some other states might also prove interesting. Remember, Oklahoma's violent crime rate per 100,000 in 2010 was, by my count, 478. Compare that to New York's at 391.3, and California's at 413.3. Even Texas beats us, just barely though, with 450.6 incidents. Oklahoma doesn't compare that well to any of the places we begrudgingly glance toward when trying to decide whether we've arrived.
According to the arguments laid out by Steven Pinker, if Oklahoma lawmakers and leaders want to make this as safe a place to live as say, New York, they have to embrace role of government as the only legitimate use of force in settling disputes, encourage urbanization, and accept that government has a legitimate role to play in spreading the ideals of Enlightenment through education and rational inquiry. Unfortunately, we have a political climate right now where counter-Enlightenment groups like Oklahoma Conservative Political Action Committee (OCPAC) and the Oklahoma Tea Party have a disproportionate role to play in the state's public discourse.
If you want to skip the book, here is a short 2o min presentation from Steven Pinker about the decline in violence over the course of human history:
For fun: Do you recognize the phrase “The Better Angels of Our Nature”?
Here's a hint: Abraham Lincoln.
Article Sources:
FBI: Crime in the US 2011
OK.GOV OSBI 2002 Crime Report
OK.GOV OSBI 2011 Crime Report
OK Commerce Population Projections Report 2012
OK.GOV Annual Murder Rate Report
Wikipedia Entry for “The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined.”
Steven Pinker on “Why Are States So Red and Blue.”
Throughout Wikipedia, the pronunciation of words is indicated by means of the International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA). The following tables list the IPA symbols used for English words and pronunciations. Please note that several of these symbols are used in ways that are specific to Wikipedia and differ from those used by dictionaries.
If the IPA symbols are not displayed properly by your browser, see the links below.
If you are adding a pronunciation using this key, such pronunciations should generally be formatted using the template {{IPAc-en}}. The template provides tooltips for each symbol in the pronunciation. See the template page for instructions.
Key
If the words given as examples for two different symbols sound the same to you (for example, if you pronounce cot and caught the same, or do and dew, or marry and merry), you can pronounce those symbols the same in explanations of all words. The footnotes explain some of these mergers. (See also Dialect variation below.)
If there is an IPA symbol you are looking for that you do not see here, see Help:IPA, which is a more complete list. For a table listing all spellings of the sounds on this page, see English orthography § Sound-to-spelling correspondences. For help converting spelling to pronunciation, see English orthography § Spelling-to-sound correspondences.
Consonants IPA Examples b buy, cab d dye, cad, ladder[1] dj dew[2] dʒ giant, badge, jam ð thy, breathe, father f fan, caff, phi ɡ ( ɡ )[3] guy, bag h high, ahead hw why[4] j [5] yes, hallelujah k sky, crack l lie, sly, gal[6] lj lute[2] m my, smile, cam n nigh, snide, can nj new[2] ŋ sang, sink, singer p pie, spy, cap r [7] rye, try, very s sigh, mass sj consume[2] ʃ shy, cash, emotion t tie, sty, cat, latter[1] tj tune[2] tʃ China, catch θ thigh, math θj enthuse[2] v vie, have w wye, swine z zoo, has zj Zeus[2] ʒ pleasure, vision, beige[8] Marginal segments IPA Examples x ugh, loch, Chanukah[9] ʔ uh-oh /ˈʔʌʔoʊ/ ɒ̃ bon vivant[10] æ̃ fin de siècle[10] ɜː Möbius (UK only) [11] Vowels Full vowels ...followed by R[12] IPA Examples ɑː PALM , bra ɑːr START , star ɒ LOT , pod, John, blockade[13] ɒr moral, forage[13] æ TRAP , pad, tattoo[14] ær barrow, marry[15] aɪ PRICE , ride, pie[16] aɪər Ireland, hire[17] aɪ.ər higher, buyer[18] aʊ MOUTH , loud, down, how[16] aʊər flour[17] aʊ.ər flower[18] ɛ DRESS , bet, prestige[19] ɛr error, merry eɪ FACE , made, fail, vein, pay ɛər SQUARE , mare, scarce, cairn, Mary[20][21] eɪər player[18] ɪ KIT , lid, historic ɪr mirror, Sirius iː FLEECE , seed, mean, pedigree, idea[22] ɪər NEAR , beard, fierce, serious[23][21] iːər freer oʊ GOAT , code, go, foal, follower[24][25] oʊər mower ɔː THOUGHT , Maud, dawn, fall, straw[26] ɔːr NORTH , FORCE , horse, hoarse, oral[27][28] ɔːər sawer ɔɪ CHOICE , void, boy ɔɪər coir[17] ɔɪ.ər employer[18] ʊ FOOT , good, full ʊr courier uː GOOSE , food, tissue, cruel[22] ʊər boor, moor, tourist, CURE ( /ˈkjʊər/ ) [28][21] uːər truer ʌ STRUT , bud, untidy, justiciable[29][30] ɜːr NURSE , word, girl, fern, furry, Berlin[31] ʌr hurry, nourish[32] Weak vowels and syllabic consonants[33] IPA Examples ə COMMA , ago, quiet, focus ər LETTER , perceive, history əl bottle (either [əl] or [l̩] ) ən button (either [ən] or [n̩] ) əm rhythm (either [əm] or [m̩] ) i HAPPY , mediocre (either [i] or [ɪ] ) [34] iə serious, California (either [i.ə] , [ɪ.ə] , or [jə] ) [35] u fruition (either [u] or [ʊ] ) [25] uə influence (either [u.ə] , [ʊ.ə] , or [wə] ) [36] Stress Syllabification IPA Examples ˈ intonation /ˌɪntəˈneɪʃən/ . /ˈhaɪər/ hire , /ˈhaɪ.ər/ higher[37] higher ˌ
Notes
The IPA stress mark ( ˈ ) comes before the syllable that has the stress, in contrast to stress marking in pronunciation keys of some dictionaries published in the United States.
) comes the syllable that has the stress, in contrast to stress marking in pronunciation keys of some dictionaries published in the United States. Words in SMALL CAPITALS are the standard lexical sets. Words in the lexical sets BATH and CLOTH may be given two transcriptions, the former either with /ɑː/ or /æ/ , the latter with /ɒ/ or /ɔː/ .
Dialect variation
This key represents diaphonemes, abstractions of speech sounds that accommodate General American, Received Pronunciation (RP) and New Zealand (and to a large extent also Australian, Canadian, Irish (including Ulster), Scottish, South African and Welsh, but see below) pronunciations. Therefore, not all of the distinctions shown here are relevant to a particular dialect:
Many speakers of American and Canadian English pronounce cot /ˈkɒt/ and caught /ˈkɔːt/ the same. [j] You may simply ignore the difference between the symbols /ɒ/ and /ɔː/ , just as you ignore the distinction between the written vowels o and au when pronouncing them.
and the same. You may simply ignore the difference between the symbols and , just as you ignore the distinction between the written vowels and when pronouncing them. Some speakers from Northern England do not distinguish the vowel of square /ˈskwɛər/ and nurse /ˈnɜːrs/ . [k] If you speak such a dialect, ignore the difference between the symbols /ɛər/ and /ɜːr/ .
and . If you speak such a dialect, ignore the difference between the symbols and . In New Zealand English, the vowels of kit /ˈkɪt/ and foc u s /ˈfoʊkəs/ have the same schwa-like quality. [l] [m] If you are from New Zealand, ignore the difference between the symbols /ɪ/ and /ə/ .
and have the same schwa-like quality. If you are from New Zealand, ignore the difference between the symbols and . In contemporary New Zealand English and some other dialects, the vowels of near /ˈnɪər/ and square /ˈskwɛər/ are not distinguished. [n] If you speak such a dialect, ignore the difference between the symbols /ɪər/ and /ɛər/ .
and are not distinguished. If you speak such a dialect, ignore the difference between the symbols and . In Scottish English and Ulster English, the vowels of foot /ˈfʊt/ and goose /ˈɡuːs/ are not distinguished. [o] [p] If you speak either of those dialects, ignore the difference between the symbols /ʊ/ and /uː/ .
and are not distinguished. If you speak either of those dialects, ignore the difference between the symbols and . In Northern England English, the vowels of foot /ˈfʊt/ and strut /ˈstrʌt/ are not distinguished. [q] If you are from Northern England, ignore the difference between the symbols /ʊ/ and /ʌ/ .
and are not distinguished. If you are from Northern England, ignore the difference between the symbols and . In Welsh English and some other dialects, the vowels of strut /ˈstrʌt/ and foc u s /ˈfoʊkəs/ are not distinguished. [r] If you speak such a dialect, ignore the difference between the symbols /ʌ/ and /ə/ .
and are not distinguished. If you speak such a dialect, ignore the difference between the symbols and . In dialects with l-vocalization (such as Cockney, Estuary English or New Zealand English), /l/ after certain diphthongs such as /ɔɪ/ (as in oi l /ˈɔɪl/ ) may not be distinguished from the /əl/ sequence in words such as treac le /ˈtrɛkəl/ or bubb le /ˈbʌbəl/ . If you speak such a dialect, read /l/ as /əl/ whenever it seems appropriate.
after certain diphthongs such as (as in ) may not be distinguished from the sequence in words such as or . If you speak such a dialect, read as whenever it seems appropriate. Depending on the dialect, vowels can be subject to various mergers before /l/ , so that e.g. fill /ˈfɪl/ and feel /ˈfiːl/ or pull /ˈpʊl/ and pool /ˈpuːl/ may not be distinguished. See English-language vowel changes before historic /l/ for more information.
, so that e.g. and or and may not be distinguished. See English-language vowel changes before historic /l/ for more information. In many dialects, /r/ occurs only before a vowel; if you speak such a dialect, simply ignore /r/ in the pronunciation guides where you would not pronounce it, as in cart /kɑːrt/ .
occurs only before a vowel; if you speak such a dialect, simply ignore in the pronunciation guides where you would not pronounce it, as in . In other dialects, /j/ (yes) cannot occur after /t, d, n/ , etc., within the same syllable; if you speak such a dialect, then ignore the /j/ in transcriptions such as new /njuː/ . For example, New York is transcribed /njuː ˈjɔːrk/ . For most people from England and for some New Yorkers, the /r/ in /jɔːrk/ is not pronounced; for most people from the United States, including some New Yorkers, the /j/ in /njuː/ is not pronounced and may be ignored. (See yod-dropping.)
On the other hand, there are some distinctions which you might make but which this key does not encode, as they are seldom reflected in the dictionaries used as sources for Wikipedia articles:
The vowels of kit and bit , distinguished in South Africa. [s] Both of them are transcribed as /ɪ/ in stressed syllables and as /ɪ/ or /ə/ in unstressed syllables.
and , distinguished in South Africa. Both of them are transcribed as in stressed syllables and as or in unstressed syllables. The difference between the vowels of fir , fur and fern , maintained in some Scottish and Irish English but lost elsewhere. [t] All of them are transcribed as /ɜːr/ .
, and , maintained in some Scottish and Irish English but lost elsewhere. All of them are transcribed as . The vowels of north and force , distinguished in Scottish English, Irish English and by a minority of American speakers. [t] Both of them are transcribed as /ɔːr/ .
and , distinguished in Scottish English, Irish English and by a minority of American speakers. Both of them are transcribed as . The vowels of pause and paws , distinguished in Cockney and by some Estuary English speakers. [u] Both of them are transcribed as /ɔː/ or /ɔːr/ , depending on the word.
and , distinguished in Cockney and by some Estuary English speakers. Both of them are transcribed as or , depending on the word. The vowels of bad and lad , distinguished in many parts of Australia. Both of them are transcribed as /æ/ .
and , distinguished in many parts of Australia. Both of them are transcribed as . The vowels of manning and Manning , distinguished in some parts of the United States. Both of them are transcribed as /æ/ .
and , distinguished in some parts of the United States. Both of them are transcribed as . The difference between the vowels of pain and pane found in some English, Welsh, and Newfoundland dialects. Both of them are transcribed as /eɪ/ .
and found in some English, Welsh, and Newfoundland dialects. Both of them are transcribed as . The difference between the vowels of holy and wholly found in Cockney and many Estuary English speakers. [v] Both of them are transcribed as /oʊ/ .
and found in Cockney and many Estuary English speakers. Both of them are transcribed as . The vowels of spider and spied her , distinguished in many parts of Scotland. [w] Both of them are transcribed as /aɪ/ .
and , distinguished in many parts of Scotland. Both of them are transcribed as . The vowels of rider and writer , distinguished in many parts of Canada and some parts of the United States. Both of them are transcribed as /aɪ/ .
and , distinguished in many parts of Canada and some parts of the United States. Both of them are transcribed as . The vowels of powder and pouter distinguished in many parts of Canada and some parts of the United States. Both of them are transcribed as /aʊ/ .
Other words may have different vowels depending on the speaker.
The pronunciation of the /æ/ vowel in most dialects of Scotland, Northern Ireland, northern England and Wales has always been closer to [a]. BBC English has moved away from the traditional near-open front realization [æ] towards almost fully open front realization [a], and both the Oxford English Dictionary and the 2014 edition of Gimson's Pronunciation of English transcribe the vowel in lad, bad, cat, trap with /a/.[x]
For more extensive information on dialect variations, you may wish to see the IPA chart for English dialects.
Note that place names are not generally exempted from being transcribed in this abstracted system, so rules such as the above must be applied in order to recover the local pronunciation. Examples include place names in much of England ending ‑ford, which although locally pronounced [‑fəd] are transcribed /‑fərd/. This is best practice for editors. However, readers should be aware that not all editors may have followed this consistently, so for example if /‑fəd/ is encountered for such a place name, it should not be interpreted as a claim that the /r/ would be absent even in a rhotic dialect.
Other transcriptions
If you feel it is necessary to add a pronunciation respelling using another convention, then please use the conventions of Wikipedia's pronunciation respelling key.
To compare the following IPA symbols with non-IPA American dictionary conventions that may be more familiar, see Pronunciation respelling for English, which lists the pronunciation guides of fourteen English dictionaries published in the United States.
To compare the following IPA symbols with other IPA conventions that may be more familiar, see Help:IPA/Conventions for English, which lists the conventions of eight English dictionaries published in Britain, Australia, and the United States.
See also
Notes
References
Court documents involving Leigh Corfman, who says that Alabama senatorial candidate Roy Moore tried to engage in a sexual encounter with her when she was 14, raise questions about the timeline and narrative of Corfman's accusations against the politician.
Those accusations were first publicly disclosed in a Washington Post story citing Corfman and her mother, Nancy Wells, as saying that in early 1979, Roy Moore, then a 32-year-old assistant district attorney, allegedly asked Wells to watch her fourteen-year-old daughter while Wells went into a courtroom for a custody hearing.
Corfman claims that Moore asked the young Corfman for her number. “Days later, she says, he picked her up around the corner from her house in Gadsden,” the Post story states, referring to her mother's home in Gadsden. Corfman's parents were divorced.
The first private meeting was arranged after Moore called Corfman on her home phone at her mother's house, Corfman alleges.
Corfman says that Moore took her to his home, put his arm around her, and kissed her. Corfman told the Post that she had asked Moore to drive her home because she was feeling nervous and he obliged.
“Soon after, she says, he called again, and picked her up again at the same spot,” the Post story reports, without providing an exact timeline.
That is when Corfman says that Moore drove her back to his house, touched her body, and guided her hand to his underwear. Corfman says that she yanked her hand back.
“She says that after their last encounter, Moore called again, but that she found an excuse to avoid seeing him,” the Post story continues.
Regarding the original court hearing where Corfman says that Moore asker her for her number while Wells went inside the courtroom, the Post reported that it “confirmed that her mother attended a hearing at the courthouse in February 1979 through divorce records.”
A thorough search of court documents finds one court case in February 1979—a case that took place on February 21, 1979. The Post failed to tell readers that at that February 21, 1979, court case Wells voluntarily gave up custody of Corfman to Corfman's father, Robert R. Corfman. The two had been divorced since 1974. The custody case was amicable and involved a joint petition by both parents.
The Post further did not tell readers that as a result of the joint petition to change custody, the court ordered the 14-year-old Corfman to move to her father's house starting on March 4, 1979. Court documents show the father's address in Ohatchee, and not in Gadsden, where her mother lived and where Corfman says the meetings with Moore took place.
This would mean that from the court hearing on February 21, 1979, until Corfman was ordered to move to her father's house, Moore would only have had 12 days, including the day of the court hearing, to have repeatedly called Corfman at her mother's Gadsden house, arrange two meetings, and attempt another. Moore has strenuously denied the accusations.
While that timeline is theoretically possible, the Moore campaign stressed in a press conference today it is unlikely.
Ben DuPre, Moore's former chief of staff on the Alabama Supreme Court, spoke today on behalf of the campaign. DuPre noted that “as best as we can tell” the February 21, 1979, case was the only court movement to have taken place that month. Breitbart News also could not find another court document from that month in 1979.
The disclosure raises questions about why that twelve-day window was not mentioned in the Post story or by Wells or Corfman in subsequent interviews. Neither Corfman nor Wells publicly mentioned the change in custody during the critical period where Moore was said to have arranged meetings with Corfman outside her mother's home.
Earlier this month, Breitbart News interviewed Wells and she discussed Moore's alleged calls to Corfman as taking place at her home.
Breitbart News reviewed the custody and divorce documents in full. The custody arrangement allowed for “reasonable rights of visitation” for Wells, including on alternate weekends and full custody for one week starting on December 24. However, that one week of custody in December does not fit into the timeline of Moore allegedly arranging meetings days after the February hearing.
There is another detail in the custody documents that raise questions about Corfman's story.
The Post strongly implied that the alleged encounter with Moore caused Corfman to exhibit reckless behavior in her teenage years.
The Post reported:
After talking to her friends, Corfman says, she began to feel that she had done something wrong and kept it a secret for years. “I felt responsible,” she says. “I felt like I had done something bad. And it kind of set the course for me doing other things that were bad.” She says that her teenage life became increasingly reckless with drinking, drugs, boyfriends, and a suicide attempt when she was 16.
The Post failed to mention that the very reason for the February 21, 1979, court hearing where Moore allegedly met Corfman was because, according to the court documents, Corfman had exhibited “certain disciplinary and behavioral problems.” In other words, Corfman evidence behavioral problems prior to the alleged encounters with Moore.
Indeed, those stated “disciplinary and behavioral problems” were cited in the joint petition to change custody as the cause for both Wells and Corfman's father agreeing that Corfman would be better served living with her father. The parents signed a “consent decree” going along with the change in custody.
Over one year later, on May 5, 1980, which would have been after any alleged encounters with Moore, Wells filed a new petition to take back custody of her daughter. That petition stated that Corfman's “disciplinary problem has improved greatly.” The stated change in behavior is important since Corfman's “disciplinary and behavioral problems” were cited as the reason for the father taking custody.
The improvement in behavior described by Wells seems to conflict with Corfman's claim to the Post that after the 1979 encounter her “life became increasingly reckless with drinking, drugs, boyfriends, and a suicide attempt when she was 16.”
The judge apparently agreed with Wells' assessment of Corfman's improved behavior and granted Wells custody on October 15, 1980.
At today's press conference, DuPre also mentioned Wells' interview with this reporter in which Corfman's mother contradicted a key detail of Corfman's story.
Speaking by phone to Breitbart News, Wells, 71, says that her daughter did not have a phone in her bedroom during the period that Moore is reported to have allegedly called Corfman—purportedly on Corfman's bedroom phone—to arrange at least one encounter.
The Washington Post cited Corfman as remembering that she provided Moore with her number when she was 14. She said that she spoke to Moore from what she described as the phone in her bedroom.
In yet another detail called into question at today's press conference, DuPre referred to the exact spot mentioned in the Post story as the alleged meeting place for Corfman's claimed encounters with Moore.
The Post cited Corfman as saying that Moore, according to the newspaper's characterization, “picked her up around the corner from her house in Gadsden.”
The Post mentions the specific intersection where Corfman says that Moore picked her up around the corner from her mother's house. The Post reports, “She says she talked to Moore on her phone in her bedroom, and they made plans for him to pick her up at Alcott Road and Riley Street, around the corner from her house.”
DuPre said that intersection was almost a mile away from her mother's house at the time and would have been across a major thoroughfare.
Aaron Klein is Breitbart's Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.
Written with research by Joshua Klein.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nigel Farage: "There was no intention to avoid or evade tax on my part"
UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage said he "felt uncomfortable" about setting up a trust fund in the Isle of Man but insisted he did not avoid or evade tax.
The MEP told the BBC that he opened the fund in 2003 to reduce his family's inheritance tax bills but quickly realised that he had made an "error".
Such funds were no longer appropriate for politicians, he suggested.
The Conservatives said that Mr Farage had "questions to answer".
Tax avoidance is not illegal but a crackdown is under way on the practice.
Mr Farage told the BBC he had set up the Farage Family Education Trust 1654 in the Isle of Man in 2003, with the intention of limiting the amount of inheritance tax that his children would have to pay upon his death.
'High standards'
He said this was something that tens of thousands of other people have done due to the unfairness of inheritance tax.
However, he said he soon began to feel "a bit uncomfortable" about setting up the fund and wound it up "many years ago" without "choosing to use the vehicle for anything".
He says tax avoiders are the 'common enemy', but apparently he has been putting money into a tax haven himself. The Conservatives
"I should not have bought the policy...It was an error," he told the BBC, adding that he was a politician who was always prepared to hold his hands up when he had made a mistake.
"There was never an intention to avoid or evade tax on my part in any way at all," he added, saying he had, in fact, lost money as a result of the arrangement.
The UKIP leader said the secrecy surrounding family trusts meant they were not suitable for politicians, although he suggested that senior Conservative and Labour figures still used them to hold assets.
"I don't think you can be in public life and have a family trust. The public do expect very, very high standards."
'Too far'
Mr Farage worked as a commodities broker before entering politics in the 1990s and becoming an MEP in 1999.
The Mirror said Companies House documents indicated that the fund was a shareholder in Farage Ltd - a financial firm owned by his brother Andrew in which the UKIP leader also once had a stake - until 2011.
The MEP insists he never received any dividends from the firm, which had been paid solely to his brother, and had transferred his shareholding in the company to the trust fund.
Andrew Farage told the newspaper that he had paid tax on all the dividends in question in the UK.
A Conservative Party spokesman said "Nigel Farage is a politician who says one thing, but then does another".
"He says tax avoiders are the 'common enemy', but apparently he has been putting money into a tax haven himself. Nigel Farage clearly has some questions to answer."
Labour also criticised the MEP's actions.
"I know Nigel Farage wants to appeal to disaffected Tories, but copying some of the Tories' biggest donors by using offshore trusts to avoid tax is taking things too far," MP John Spellar said.
The Isle of Man was one of the UK's crown dependencies which signed an agreement on corporate disclosure at a recent meeting with David Cameron amid claims that individuals and firms are using offshore locations to reduce their tax liabilities.
The Isle of Man and other dependencies reject suggestions they are used for the purpose.
A British Columbia trade union is challenging a series of work permits issued to American citizens for a power project in the province's north, arguing it has uncovered yet another glaring example of a foreign-worker loophole the government must tie up to protect jobs.
The case in Vancouver involves B.C.'s Conifex Power Limited Partnership, which hired Oregon-based O & S Contractors to construct a wood waste storage building at its new bioenergy facility in Mackenzie, north of Prince George, B.C.
The union contends Canadians lost employment when border agents, whose job it was to scrutinize the qualifications of the eight U.S. workers hired, granted them visas earlier this year, under a provision of the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Wayne Mills, president of International Union of Operating Engineers local 115 believes the process is flawed and skirts the channels through which foreign workers are properly allowed to enter the country.
Mills said the intra-company transfer program has cracks bigger than the former version of the Temporary Foreign Workers' Program, which the federal government overhauled last week after ongoing revelations that it was prone to breaches.
"Myself, I'll use the word outraged, because that's the most polite word I can use, but Canadians are losing jobs through
loopholes," Mills said.
"It's not because they're untrained or unqualified. [Companies are] sidestepping around the facts, and they've found a new way to get [workers] into the country."
Union wants permits scrapped
Lawyers for the union will be in Canada's Federal Court on Tuesday, seeking to speed up the process for a judicial review of the case.
The union wants a judge to scrap the permits — even as the project's completion date looms — and is aiming to draw attention to what it believes are hiring abuses that could be much more widespread.
The workers have presented documents supporting their application under the NAFTA program, which allows certain employees to transfer from branches of U.S. to Canadian companies.
A key criterion for entry is specialized knowledge, which the workers must possess and the project must require. The union argues neither is true under this scenario.
Canadian Border Services Agency documents show the workers include a former cattle rancher with a criminal record, who was turned away twice before getting his permit, and a young man with a high school education set to be employed as a mill wright.
Unlike the Temporary Foreign Workers' Program, or TFWP, the program they used to gain entry does not require a labour market opinion (LMO), a document showing a labour shortage in Canada exists for that particular job.
"The big concern here is if we start allowing construction workers to come and work in Canada without the LMO process, then that's a big hole in our border," said the union's lawyer Charles Gordon.
"This is the Temporary Foreign Workers' Program without the LMO process. It's got fewer safeguards."
The foreign workers' program puts the onus on the employer to show they tried to hire a Canadian first.
Contractors dispute allegations
O & S Contractors disputes the allegations, none of which have been proven in court, said its lawyer Aleksandar Stojicevic.
"We say they have no standing, this is none of their business, these are NAFTA work permits that were issued properly by the border some time ago," he said.
Stojicevic defended and won a high-profile case against the same union last year, which sought to prevent about 200 miners from China working on a proposed B.C. coal project who were granted admittance under the TFWP.
The unions had alleged Chinese-owned HD Mining did not do enough to ensure Canadians were hired first.
"This is nothing more than this law firm trying a route that they took in HD Mining," Stojicevic said. "It's the same tactic.
It didn't work then. Ultimately, it won't work here."
Conifex did not return a request for comment.
An affidavit sworn by Jeff Gaskill, chief financial officer for O & S said the company was selected to assist in the project because of its previous experience constructing an identical operating plant in Oregon.
Gaskill describes the project as highly specialized.
"The equipment and design is confidential and proprietary. Due to its level of complexity, previous installation experience was required for the successful and safe installation and management of the work."
The union counters with its own affidavit from a crane operator with 30 years' experience, who previously worked on the Conifex project with employees of O & S.
Eric Buchanan states he observed the hands-on work and it "does not require specialized knowledge."
Questions to the CBSA and Employment Minister Jason Kenney were referred to Citizenship and Immigration Canada. Alexis Pavlich, press secretary for Minister Chris Alexander, wouldn't comment while the case is before the courts.
But Pavlich said in an email the government is currently changing how it processes intra-company transfer applications.
She said guidelines for front-line border agents have been "strengthened," so they can better assess the evidence of the
worker's specialized knowledge.
Such workers are also barred from receiving training once in Canada.
They're Back! Chesapeake Oysters Return To Menus After Rebound
Enlarge this image toggle caption Katy Adams/Courtesy Clyde's Restaurant Group Katy Adams/Courtesy Clyde's Restaurant Group
The history of the Chesapeake Bay oyster hasn't always been a pure one. So you could forgive a chef for being skeptical about the big bivalve comeback being staged in D.C. and the surrounding area this winter as oyster season gets underway.
But many mid-Atlantic chefs are actually cheering. That's because a major public-private effort to re-establish the oyster as a quality local food product — as well as a weapon against water pollution — seems to be working.
"Almost every oyster you're buying cleans the bay," gushes Brian Stickel, corporate chef for Clyde's Restaurant Group. Clyde's runs 14 restaurants around Washington, D.C., including The Old Ebbitt Grill, famous for its raw oyster bar, which lures patrons day and night.
Old Ebbitt sells more than a million oysters a year. Increasingly, some of those are coming from nearby waters. That local label, he says, is a big draw for customers.
"At our restaurants, we sell up to eight oysters at a time, but I definitely see people asking more for local oysters," Stickel says.
There's also the matter of taste. "They're very sweet. They're creamy. It's just very different than a northern oyster, which tends to have a higher salinity," he says.
Stickel and many other chefs around the region are betting that distinct flavor will beckon oyster lovers — and perhaps even mint new ones: They are signing a pledge to put Maryland oysters back on the menu.
So why did Chesapeake oysters disappear from menus in the first place?
Back in the early 1900s, the Chesapeake Bay produced most of the country's oysters. They were so plentiful, they were considered food for the poor.
"But like most things man touches... we screwed that up," says Bart Farrell, director of food and beverage for Clyde's. He has worked for the company for 30 years. He spoke to us at an event to publicize the local oyster pledge earlier this week.
The bay's oyster population plummeted as overharvesting, disease and fraud all took a heavy toll. Infamous "ship and dip" hucksters would harvest oysters from warmer, more disease-prone waters down south and set them in the bay for an hour or a day, then pass them off to unsuspecting restaurants as "local," he says.
By the 1990s, the haul had dropped to just 1 percent of what it was in the bay's heyday. And reports of oyster-related illnesses were making headlines on a regular basis. So much so that when the owner's daughter got food poisoning, Old Ebbitt Grill stopped selling oysters for a few years to develop safety standards.
When the bar reopened, it had replaced the local oysters on its menu with bivalves from well-established oyster harvesting areas on the West Coast, in Maine and on Prince Edward Island.
But in the past few years, as The Salt has reported, a handful of watermen has teamed up with scientists to repopulate the bay with oysters born in labs and planted on underwater farms. And the Army Corps of Engineers has been tasked with restoring the Chesapeake's oyster reefs to pre-1900 levels.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Elizabeth Shogren/NPR Elizabeth Shogren/NPR
Now those efforts are starting to pay off with this year's harvest, says Tim Sughrue, vice president of Congressional Seafood Co. Inc., in Jessup, Md. The company works with oyster farmers and other seafood producers to sell seafood to restaurants, hotels and supermarkets from Richmond to Baltimore.
Oyster spat — the larvae — sell for a fraction of a penny, he says. But once oysters mature enough to harvest, each one can fetch 40 times that much, he says.
There are 13 oyster farmers in Maryland now, Sughrue says, and more than 300 have applied to the state for leases. "If we help make these 13 growers successful financially," he says, "there will be hundreds, if not thousands, to come behind. And they in turn will grow millions and billions of oysters that will filter trillions of gallons of water."
One of those growers is Tal Petty of Hollywood Oyster Co. in Hollywood, Md. Petty says he got into oyster farming for fun.
"This is a hobby grown amok," he says. "I've been doing this for almost 10 years, and the company is three or four years old."
Petty named his signature oyster "Sweet Jesus." And it does taste sweet — not briny.
Through a combination of working with wholesalers and old-fashioned legwork, he has convinced chefs to sell his oysters at several restaurants in Baltimore, including the hyperlocal-focused Woodberry Kitchen.
Petty says recently he has been able to turn a profit and draw a salary.
But are there enough Chesapeake Bay oysters to make it worthwhile for more chefs to put them on the menu?
More than enough, says Sughrue.
In fact, about one-third of this year's harvest has been shipped down to Louisiana, where the oyster industry was decimated after the Gulf oil spill, he says.
As the Chesapeake Bay oyster comes back, he says, the next step might be rebuilding the processing plants that once ringed the shoreline.
"One-hundred-and-fifty years ago, the oyster industry employed 30,000 people around the bay, and gross revenues were $50 million a year. That's in 1870. I can totally see where we can achieve that again," Sughrue says.
A U.S. solider shows a picture of Ali Mussa Daqduq (L) during a news conference at the heavily fortified Green Zone area in Baghdad July 2, 2007. REUTERS/Wathiq Khuzaie/Pool
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suspected Hezbollah militant accused of masterminding the killing of Americans in Iraq has been cleared of all charges and will be freed, his lawyer said on Monday, in an announcement that is likely to anger Washington.
Ali Mussa Daqduq was accused of training Iraqi militants and orchestrating a 2007 kidnapping attack that killed five U.S. troops.
“The Iraqi judiciary decided to dismiss all the charges against him and release him without any conditions because there was a lack of evidence,” his lawyer Abdulalmehdi al-Mutiri said by telephone.
Daqduq's case became a source of tension between Baghdad and Washington in the run-up to the withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq in December.
U.S. government officials originally sought to keep Daqduq in custody, saying they feared Iraqi authorities would be unable to hold him for long or convict him.
The U.S. officials said they eventually agreed to hand him over to the Iraqi authorities after receiving assurances Daqduq would be tried for his crimes.
The U.S. embassy in Baghdad did not immediately respond to requests for a reaction on Monday.
Daqduq's lawyer said the Iraqi government would decide whether he would be sent back to his native Lebanon after his release or handed over to his embassy in Baghdad.
Having said that however, should you find that it is of value to you, and wish to make a contribution to the ongoing viability of this site, I have set up PayPal account for your convenience and hereby express my gratitude for whatever you may be able to forward.
I offer the educational material I have created on this website free of charge to the global community for its elucidation and use as it sees fit, with the understanding that it must be attributed to the author, as it is copyrighted material.
Solid state amplifiers
Solid State amplifiers have superior technical specifications compared to valve amplifiers. But when solid state amplifiers were first introduced it was noticed that they sounded flat and lifeless in comparison to well made valve amplifiers. Also a solid state amplifier had to be twice as powerful as a valve amplifier to sound as loud - Why ? Unfortunately little to no research was done.
Amplifiers and speakers have traditionally been marketed independently of each other. There has been little interest in how amplifiers and speakers interact. Valve technology was tediously assembled with manual labour whereas Solid state technology is mass produced at a fraction of the cost. Economical rationalism and modern marketing easily pushed aside the older valve technology. Page 8 has a detailed explanation of voltage-drive and current-drive, which enables us understand why Valve and Solid state amplifiers sound so different.
Basic technical principles
Many professional audio providers and audiophiles have mis-conceptions about how a solid state (transistor) amplifier functions. Mis-conceptions occur because basic principles are not understood. Please be attentive when reading these pages as each step adds to the next and becomes complex very quickly. If a step becomes difficult to understand, take time to review the previous steps.
A solid state amplifier consists of 3 sections.
1 The input driver circuit amplifies the small input signal to a larger size, approx x20 to x50.
2 The large output transistors add current to the amplified signal to be sent to the speaker.
3 The power supply converts 110V / 22OV AC mains to 2 DC supply Voltages that power the amplifier.
The principles of each section will be described, beginning with the output stage. The output stage consists of 2 or more large output transistors bolted to a heat sink (NPN and PNP).
A solid state amplifier has 2 (DC) power supplies (+V and -V). The 2 power supplies are connected in series. The middle is connected to the chassis. One terminal of the speaker is connected to the middle chassis and other speaker terminal is switched between the 2 supplies. We shall begin with batteries as the power supply.
As the speaker is connected from chassis across the +V supply the cone moves out.
As the speaker is connected from chassis across the -V supply the cone moves in.
The speaker is connected across one power supply at a time. Therefore the maximum Voltage across the speaker can be no greater than 1V5 at any one point in time.
Note - In electronic circuits we try not to use decimal points (1.5V) because grammatical full stops and cockroach droppings .... are the same size .... 1.5V is written as 1V5
Speaker polarity One of the terminals on the speaker has a polarity + identification mark. The + symbol identifies which terminal has to be connected to a +Voltage to cause the cone to move out. In stereo systems or paralleling speakers it is essential that all speakers move together (in and out) in the same direction. When only 1 speaker is used as mono it makes no difference which way around the speaker terminals are connected.
We must redraw the same circuit and remember the correct symbols and names for each part of the circuit. Circuits drawings do not use colour. The colour in the pics is for temporary assistance only.
Dual power supply
Battery long line is + short line is -
Supply rails +V and -V from the dual power supply.
Chassis and ground symbol. Is 0 V
Graph Y axis is the dual power supply Voltage, X axis is time.
Graph shows the + - Voltage switched to the speaker over time.
The speaker is not directly switched on and off between the 2 power supplies, but gradually connected to each power supply in turn through solid state devices that behave as variable resistors, in a way that follows the audio signal. These solid state devices behave as Transfer resistors therefore are named Transistors.
The output transistors swing the speaker between the +V supply then to the -V supply, in-sympathy with the music. The output transistors provide current from the + - V supply rails to drive the speaker. Output transistors do not increase the size of the music signal. The output transistors behave as variable resistors conducting current from each power supply in turn and get hot, very hot. They are bolted to a large piece of aluminium with fins (heat-sink). Heat is the enemy of transistors. The maximum Power output of an amplifier is dependant on the Current and Voltage from the power supplies.
NPN and PNP transistors are polarity complements of each other. PNP is positive-negative-positive and vice-versa. The input signal has to reach 0.65V (650mV) before each transistor will start to conduct. This means there is a total gap of 1V3. This gap is named 'crossover distortion' and was a major problem of solid state amplifiers when they were first introduced. It took many years before this problem was correctly solved.
Transistors and Diodes
Electromagnetic energy is a mystery. Descriptions and drawings of electricity flowing in a direction are not used in this text. Electricity functions at the speed of light, where time and direction do not exist. A red arrow is used in a circuit to represent an electric current is functioning, regardless of polarity.
The cathode K of a diode and the emitter of a transistor have an arrow head symbol. The arrow head points (forward) to the -V of a battery or Voltage supply in the circuit for the diode or transistor to function.
A circuit is a circle, so it does not matter where in the circle each item is placed. It is easier to read a circuit if everyone draws it the same way and places the power supply vertically on the right, with +V at top and -V at bottom. Switch, diode, transistor or control circuit at left.
The left side of the above pic shows a battery, light bulb and switch. When the switch is open, the resistance across the switch is infinite ∞R. When switch is closed the resistance across the switch is zero 0R.
∞ Resistance can be described as an open circuit. (Infinite resistance)
0 Resistance can be described as a short circuit.
A diode acts as a open circuit if the arrow points toward the +V in the circle (Reverse).
A diode acts as a short circuit if the arrow points toward the -V in the circle (Forward).
In the forward direction a diode requires 0.65V (650mV) arccos it, to activate. Less than 0.65V (650mV) the diode will be an open circuit. An activated diode it will remain locked at 0.65V across it, regardless of the amount of current the diode conducts. Therefore a diode will get slightly hot as the current increases.
The diode is replaced with an NPN transistor on the left and a PNP transistor on the right. NPN and PNP transistors are polarity complements of each other, which enables them to be used from a +V or -V supply. A transistor can be made to behave as a resistor that changes its value between an open circuit (∞ Resistance) to almost a short circuit (0 R), therefore controlling the brightness of the light bulb.
By placing a finger on the Base causes a very small amount of current between the Base and Emitter, which will then enable a larger amount of current to flow between the Collector and Emitter, enabling the brightness of the light bulb to be adjusted. Notice that the red arrows are symbolising that the transistors are actively functioning. Whereas the transistor emitter arrow head points to the -V in the circuit to represent the correct polarity for it to function. A small amount of current between the Base and Emitter, enables a larger amount of current between the Collector and Emitter.
HFE (Hybrid Forward Emitter) is a technical term to describe the current gain of a transistor. The HFE (gain) of a transistor increases with temperature but decreases with current, which makes it difficult to control. Small signal transistors can have a HFE (gain) of 100 to 200, whereas large power transistors will have a low HFE of approx 20 to 100.
Bias 0.65V (650mV) The transistor junction between Base and Emitter acts like a diode. Nothing will happen untill 0.65V (650mV) is reached between the Base and Emitter, only then is the transistor activated. When the Bias of 0.65V is reached the transistor is activated and the Base_Emitter will always be locked together at 0.65V (650mV). Therefore the Emitter of the transistor in an amplifier will always follow the input signal on the Base (less the 0.65V Bias) with added current from the Collector. Review the previous steps.
Bias voltages of diodes, transistors and amplifier designs are generalised in this text. Detailed engineering reference for electronic components and amplifier design is on sound.whsites.net
wikipedia.org / Transistor
wikipedia.org / Bipolar Transistor
Output stage class B class AB
Crossover Each transistor controls each half of the sine wave. This is described as Class B. The crossover gap is 650mV and 650mV across each Base_Emitter. Eliminating the crossover gap between each half of the audio signal is the most critical part of solid state amplifier design. The distortion created by the crossover gap, generates an annoying 1/3 harmonic sound imposed in the music, similar to the sound of tearing paper. A reduced gap of 1/000V (1mV) is still audible. The gap must be closed, plus the current through all transistors must slightly overlap the other to insure there can be no crossover gap.
A bias string using 2 diodes is placed before the output transistors so 650mV + 650mV is already causing each of the output transistors to be activated with quiescent current flowing between the collector and emitter. This quiescent bias current closes the 650mV gap of each transistor. Some amplifiers use 2 diodes in a string, but the majority have a more complex circuit that allows the quiescent current (overlap) to be adjusted.
Providing the gap is closed with a small quiescent current through the output transistors to provide a small overlap, the crossover distortion is eliminated. Quiescent current generates waste heat in the output transistors, approx 3 to 5 Watts per transistor. This waste heat is also described as the quiescent temperature. A Hi-powered amplifier with many output transistors will create a lot of quiescent heat and need to be fan cooled. There is a R47 (0.47R ) resistor in series with each Emitter. Emitter resistors help stabilise the quiescent current. They are physically large, and have a very low resistance 1/2R approx.
With regards news reports involving SBM Offshore, Petrobras wishes to clarify the following:
The company established an Internal Investigation Commission on February 13, 2014, the same day it became aware of the news about the alleged payment of bribes by SBM to Petrobras employees. The Commission's findings, disclosed on March 31, 2014, based on work done within its regulatory scope, were that it did not find any facts or documents proving any improper payments made to Petrobras employees. On April 2, 2014, SBM informed the markets that it had also not found any evidence of improper payments.
Petrobras sent the Internal Investigation Commission's final report to the Office of the Comptroller General (CGU), the Federal Audit Court (TCU) and the Federal Public Prosecution Ministry (MPF), and it has been collaborating closely with the authorities, providing clarifications and documents. It should be noted that, even after the completion of the initial investigation, the company continued to collect new facts through its Business Security Area, submitting complementary documentation to the CGU and MPF.
In April 2014, a Special Audit and Investigation process was initiated by the CGU, which began its work using the report produced by Petrobras' Internal Investigation Commission and complementary documents submitted by the company. Petrobras has not yet been informed of the results of this Special Audit and Investigation.
Given the new facts published in the press, Petrobras announces that it has not received any notifications from the Dutch courts.
Finally, Petrobras confirms that, since the beginning of the investigations, it has not invited SBM to participate in any competitive tenders, and this situation will continue until the results of the investigations being conducted by the authorities have been announced.
(CNN) President Donald Trump shocked Republican leadership in an Oval Office meeting Wednesday when he backed a deal pushed by Democrats to attach hurricane relief money to a shorter-term bump in the debt ceiling as well as keeping the government open.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan were "blindsided" by the decision , a Republican official told CNN. In fact, hours before Trump agreed to Democrats' proposal, Ryan had publicly called such a plan "ridiculous" during a news conference. The GOP leaders had no heads up or warning that Trump's decision would happen, Republican officials told CNN. Another senior GOP source described the two leaders as "shell-shocked."
Trump's onetime campaign rival, Sen. Ted Cruz, on the other hand, may not have been so surprised.
During the 2016 Republican primary, Cruz frequently cast Trump as a businessman eager to wheel and deal with Democrats, often specifically name-checking Democratic leaders Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi, who were both in the room with Trump Wednesday. This line of argument was key for campaign trail Cruz as he made his case as the "consistent conservative" in the crowded Republican primary field, framing Trump as another "Washington establishment" politician.
Cruz expressed some frustration with the deal in a statement Thursday.
"It is unfortunate that congressional leadership and the administration chose to tie Harvey relief to short-term extensions to the CR and the debt ceiling," he said.
He added: "Historically, the CR and debt ceiling have proven to be the only effective leverage for meaningful spending reform, and I believe we should continue to use them as tools to reduce our long-term debt. I would have much preferred a clean Harvey relief bill — which would have passed both Houses nearly unanimously."
Speaking at the millennial-focused "Life of the Party" forum at St. Anselm College in Manchester, New Hampshire, weeks before the 2016 New Hampshire primary, Cruz blasted his then-opponent.
"Donald, just a couple of days ago, drew the difference between me and him, and he said look, Ted won't go along to get along, he won't cut a deal. So, if as a voter you think that what we need is more Republicans in Washington to cut a deal with Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer, then I guess Donald Trump is your guy," Cruz said, casting Trump as someone who would continue the "cronyism" and "corruption of Washington."
Weeks later on February 10, the field narrowed as opponents Carly Fiorina and Chris Christie suspended their campaigns. Cruz appeared on Fox's The Kelly File that evening, alluding to Trump as "another dealmaker."
"What I think the race is going to come down to, it's simply going to be, who do the voters trust? We have been burned over and over again. We keep winning elections and the people we elect don't do what we want. And I don't think the conservatives of South Carolina want to nominate another dealmaker, someone who's going to cut deals with Reid, Pelosi, Obama, someone who's going to surrender and capitulate and give in on their principles," he said, adding, "I think what they're looking for is someone who is a consistent conservative, stands for Constitution and Bill of Rights, stands with working men and women of this country."
And just one day before he suspended his presidential campaign, Cruz crossed the street at a Marion, Indiana, campaign stop alongside then-Gov. Mike Pence to speak with a Trump-supporting protester, an interaction that went viral.
.@tedcruz crosses the street to debate Trump supporter: "Trump is deceiving you. He is playing you for a chump." pic.twitter.com/VQbjiroEem — Betsy Klein (@betsy_klein) May 2, 2016
"I will tell you this: if Trump becomes president, he has said on the Supreme Court, he is going to cut a deal with Chuck Schumer," he told the protester. "Trump is a New York liberal who is lying to you and taking advantage of you."
Cruz had a fraught relationship with Trump through the duration of the 2016 campaign, ultimately endorsing his candidacy after telling Republicans to "vote your conscience" at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland. Cruz has since dined with Trump and their wives at the White House and most recently appeared alongside the President as he toured a hurricane shelter in Houston.
Trump's bipartisan dealmaking has put Republican lawmakers, including Cruz, in a difficult spot , complicating their efforts to advance the President's agenda through legislation.
"Trump just killed tax reform," one GOP Senate aide told CNN.
"Now nothing will get done between now and Dec. 15. You think people will vote for a budget now?" the aide asked, referencing the Democrats' proposed deadline for a resolution to fund the federal government.
Photo credit: Getty/AndreyPopov
Telehealth plays an important role in providing high-quality "anytime, anywhere" healthcare services at lower cost, but a lack of uniform regulations hinders its adoption, according to a brief at Health Affairs.
Reimbursement remains a primary hurdle when it comes to use of the services by providers as well as consumers.
Free Daily Newsletter Like this story? Subscribe to FierceHealthcare! The healthcare sector remains in flux as policy, regulation, technology and trends shape the market. FierceHealthcare subscribers rely on our suite of newsletters as their must-read source for the latest news, analysis and data impacting their world. Sign up today to get healthcare news and updates delivered to your inbox and read on the go. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Though a majority of states have parity laws requiring reimbursement for telehealth services, the coverage and requirements for payment vary wildly. There are few incentives for providers to promote telehealth over in-person care, which can be key to lowering costs and improving access, according to the brief, sponsored by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.
Though the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid has proposed expanding telehealth coverage for Medicare, its existing requirements limit its effectiveness.
Twenty-three states and the District of Columbia require telehealth reimbursement comparable to that for in-person services. Other states place limits on the types of technology, patient locations, covered provider types and may require an in-person visit to establish a patient-provider relationship, according to the brief. Nevada is the only state to extend parity to workers' compensation programs.
In most states, reimbursement is limited to live videoconferencing. Under Medicaid, only nine states reimburse for store-and-forward services, while 16 states pay for remote patient monitoring. Pennsylvania and South Dakota cover remote patient monitoring through their departments of aging.
Three Medicaid reimbursement policy changes for telehealth and remote patient monitoring could save the federal government $1.8 billion over the next 10 years, according to a report by consultancy Avalere Health.
Without a uniform approach to telehealth reimbursement, the nation cannot fully realize the cost savings of telehealth, according to the brief.
To learn more:
- here's the brief
The murky (and let's face it usually quite tedious) world of high corporate finance turned up an interesing tid-bit yesterday on reuters, in the form of a potential acquisition of a little outfit called Embarcadero by Idera.
The key point in that article occuring just under halfway down being:
a US$425m covenant-lite credit to back Idera's acquisition of Embarcadero Technologies. Idera is backed by TA Associates
It is rather odd that such news would come out in this way, which is to say that companies are usually sensitive to the way that their customers may react to such news so take care to at least try to exert some control over how the news is initially presented.
But that aside, who are Idera ?
There are at least two companies by that name: Idera Pharmaceuticals and Idera Software, a database tools company. No prizes for guessing which of those two is involved in this deal I think.
It will be interesting to see what, if anything, comes out of Embarcadero on this development in the coming days and weeks. With the news now out there they surely have to say something ?
Update: As posted in the comments, there is a discussion thread in the EMBT forums on this topic.
As far as I can see though there is as yet still no official comment or contribution in that thread however (as at 21.30 (NZ) on 22-Sep-2015).
Are there out-of-sequence fossils that are problematic for evolution?
by Gary Bates and Lita Cosner
Published: 17 April 2014 (GMT+10)
This jellyfish fossil, which ‘dates' to over 500 million years, provides two counts against evolutionary predictions regarding the fossil record: that soft organisms would not be preserved and that such a huge period of evolution sees no change in this creature, which has the same features as ones swimming in the oceans today. Image from PLOS, ref. 1.
In his debate with Ken Ham, Bill Nye (the ‘science guy') dogmatically claimed, and asked Ham, to cite any out-of-order fossils in the geologic record, because if there were any, it would be problematic for the evolutionary model. Due to the seeming confidence of Nye's assertion (and that it was not answered during the debate), many have contacted us for an answer on this single question. In addition, while out on ministry our speakers have mentioned how this question has often come up. At a recent event, Gary Bates encountered a Christian university student who said this question was being used as a club by lecturers and professors to ‘beat him with'. It appears that this seeming ‘knockout punch' argument by Nye is being used as a ‘great' falsification of the creation model.
A constantly changing story
If the fossils themselves provide evidence that suggests rapid burial then it only makes sense to presume that the sediments that buried them had to also be deposited quickly.
So how can we answer this challenge? Is this a problem for creationists? First, by definition evolutionists would say there are no out-of-sequence fossils. They would claim that the fragmentary nature of the fossil record means that we don't have a good idea of the entire period a fossil belongs in. So if we find a fossil in a stratum that is supposed to be 100 million years older than the species (using evolutionary dating for the sake of the argument), it simply means that it evolved 100 million years earlier than we thought. The evolutionary interpretation of the fossil record is so flexible that it can incorporate virtually any new change, no matter how unexpected. In other words, if an out-of-order fossil is found (according to their standard view), then it is just incorporated as new evidence to provide a better understanding of evolution! In short, evolution is assumed and then used to explain the fossils. So, no matter what we find, by the very nature of the way they interpret the facts, nothing would falsify evolution anyway!
Fossil photo and diagram from D. Fuchs, G. Bracchi and R. Weis, ref. 2. Fossil octopus remarkably preserved in Lebanon reveals details of the eight arms, suckers, ink, gills, mouth, eye capsule and more.
So a better way to counter this would be to ask whether evolution has made predictions about the fossil record that have been confirmed or otherwise by subsequent discoveries. And by this measure evolution falls dramatically short. For instance, Charles Darwin said that “no organism wholly soft can be preserved.” He was simply wrong, because we have many examples of this. For instance, hundreds of fossilized jellyfish and a fossilized squid, that look remarkably similar to the same creatures living today. Yet they were claimed to be 505 million years old (myo) and 150 myo respectively. The squid even contained an ink sac so fresh that the ink could be used to paint a picture. The ages assigned to these fossils comes from their position in the alleged geologic column and the dates assigned to the rock layers in which they were found. Remember that it is believed that the rock layers were supposed to have been slowly deposited over millions of years, and similarly, the process of burial and permineralization is supposed to have taken a very long time. But besides soft-bodied creatures, we have fossils like an ichthyosaur giving birth, and fish in the process of eating other fish, that capture moments in time. They must have been preserved quickly. Logically, if the fossils themselves provide evidence that suggests rapid burial then it only makes sense to presume that the sediments that buried them had to also be deposited quickly.
Lots of inconvenient fossils
In reality, there are a lot of fossils that don't fit within the neatly-defined evolutionary order of things paraded in our geology and biology textbooks:
Trilobites, which are allegedly 500 myo in the Cambrian strata, have eyes that are far too complex for their place in the fossil record. That is, they have no precursors to their appearance.
Perhaps most astonishingly, pollen fossils—evidence of flowering plants—were found in the Precambrian strata. According to evolutionists, flowering plants first evolved 160 mya, but the Precambrian strata are older than 550 mya.
Dinosaurs are supposed to have evolved into birds. But Confuciusornis was a true beaked bird that pre-dates the ‘feathered' dinosaurs that it allegedly came from. It also has been found in the stomach of a dinosaur.
Grass which has been found in fossilized dinosaur coprolites (fossilized dung). But grass is not supposed to have evolved until at least 10 million years after the dinosaurs went extinct.
A dog-like mammal fossil was found with remains of dinosaurs in its stomach—but no mammals large enough to prey on dinosaurs were supposed to exist alongside them.
Photo by Linda Lou Haywood
CMI's Calvin Smith wrote:
“To the surprise of many, ducks,3 squirrels,4 platypus,5 beaver-like6 and badger-like7 creatures have all been found in ‘dinosaur-era' rock layers along with bees, cockroaches, frogs and pine trees. Most people don't picture a T. rex walking along with a duck flying overhead, but that's what the so-called ‘dino-era' fossils would prove!”
Tiktaalik! ‘You gotta be kidding'
© Ted Daeschler Tiktaalik fossil.
Being the media entertainer he is, Nye waxed eloquently about the discovery of an alleged sea-to-land (fish to tetrapod) intermediate called Tiktaalik roseae. That he spent so long detailing the find of this ‘perfect missing link', he obviously thought it was a ‘slam dunk' for evolution. Indeed, Tiktaalik has appeared on the cover of numerous magazines, textbooks, and it even has its own theme song and website to promote evolution. Now, either Nye was ignorant of, or deliberately dishonest, when he conveniently failed to mention that fossil footprints that predated Tiktaalik have been in Poland predating Tiktaalik by some 18 million years. It can't be the transition it is claimed to be if creatures that evolved ‘from it' actually lived ‘before it'. That looks like a slam dunk for falsifying that evolutionary story, ‘wethinks'.
‘Living fossils' are out-of-place for evolutionists
Piotr Szrek, Uppsala University Limestone slab from Poland with fossil footprints.
Another indication that the evolutionary story is flawed is the huge number of living fossils. That is, creatures that have been found in the fossil record have been assigned ages of hundreds of millions of years, yet are identical to creatures alive today. Dr Carl Werner has documented museum displays showing how many modern animals are found in dinosaur-era layers. Dr Werner said:
Fossil photo by Joachim Scheven, LEBENDIGE VORWELT Museum, Living coelacanth photo from Wikipedia.org
“I found representative examples from all of the major animal phyla living today and all of the major plant divisions living today. Taking it one step further, within these bigger groups, I frequently found representatives of all the major groups or classes within a phylum.”
But if all these animals are found in dinosaur-era layers, what has evolution been doing for the last hundred million years? For example, if apes eventually became humans in just 6 million years, how, with ever-changing ecological pressures, can there be so many plants and animals that are basically unchanged from their forms supposedly millions of years ago?
For instance, the Wollemi pine was supposed to have thrived around 150 million years ago and to have been long extinct, but in 1994, they were found growing in a forest in New South Wales, Australia. Even evolutionists claimed it was “like finding a live dinosaur”. And the coelacanth was supposed to have gone extinct around the same time as the dinosaurs, but we know that this deep-sea fish is still living because fishermen have caught them and National Geographic has filmed them swimming around!
The ‘Cambrian explosion' is an out-of-order problem for evolutionists?
Bill Nye actually did creationists a favour by inadvertently pointing out a major weak spot for evolution.
In the Cambrian rocks (some of the alleged oldest complex-fossil-bearing rocks on earth—c. 500 plus myo), ‘index' fossils of just about every major phylum can be found. Because next to no ancestors of these organisms appears below them, that is, they appear suddenly and simultaneously in the fossil record; it has long been a massive problem for evolutionists. As there is no smooth and gradual sequence to the appearance of these fossils, one could argue that the millions of creatures that represent the Cambrian explosion are out-of-sequence fossils by the evolutionists ‘own measure'.
There are many exceptions to the neatly portrayed order of the fossil record
In fact, the more fossils we find, the more random the picture becomes. This does not fit the orderly progression of ever-evolving specimens that evolutionists would predict. But it does fit very well with the creationist narrative of plants and animals created “according to their kinds”, and buried in a worldwide catastrophe.
Bill Nye actually did creationists a favour by inadvertently pointing out a major weak spot for evolution. In fact, the fossil record is evidence against Bill Nye's position, and certainly evolutionists might want to think twice before drawing attention to such a vulnerable chink in their armor!
Batman: Bad Blood is not about Batman dealing with friends dating his exes and passive-aggressively talking crap about him in the press. Though using a Taylor Swift song with Batman might be an awesome movie idea, this one is about Batman disappearing, and seeing how the Bat-family rises to take his place, at least the best they can.
In an exclusive clip provided to ComicBook.com, we meet Luke Fox, voiced by Gaius Charles. Luke and his father, Lucius (voiced by Ernie Hudson), have a talk about what exactly Wayne Enterprises has been up to, when it comes to a certain cowled vigilante.
Aside from the very interesting cadre of villains, one of whom seems to be wearing the aforementioned cowl, what Lucius has on his computer screen is very interesting, and sparks the conversation Luke wants to have. It's designs for the Batwing suit, a cross between Batman and Iron Man that Luke takes up as his crime-fighting identity. See how Batwing, Robin, Nightwing, and Batwoman step up for Gotham City with a missing Bruce Wayne in Batman: Bad Blood on digital HD Tuesday January 19 and Blu-ray and DVD February 2, 2016.
If you're someone with a horrible allergy that's not often accommodated at restaurants or food producers, taking a bite means taking your life into your hands — or mouth, I suppose. A new device developed at Harvard Medical School may soon let you test food for common allergens instead of using yourself as your own guinea pig.
It's called the integrated exogenous antigen testing system, or iEAT — I'm sure that's just a coincidence. The researchers describe it in a paper published in the journal ACS Nano.
First you put a bit of food on the “antigen extraction device,” a single-use slide that does the necessary chemical deconstruction. You plug that into the iEAT device itself, which is small and light enough to fit on a keychain, and contains the electronics necessary to analyze the prepared food sample.
Within 10 minutes, it should tell you whether any given allergens are present, and if so, how much. That isn't exactly lightning quick, but the alternatives are slower, bulkier or more dangerous (i.e. just eating it). And the iEAT actually detects even smaller amounts than lab tests. It's not the only tester out there: There's also the Nima, but that only does gluten and it's a lot more expensive, and Ally, which did lactose in its prototype phase.
Right now the device is set up to detect peanuts, hazelnuts, wheat, milk and eggs, but it could easily be configured to find other things: shellfish, pesticides and so on. The researchers tested it on a few restaurant items themselves and found gluten in a “gluten-free” salad, and egg protein in beer (gross).
The whole thing supposedly costs $40, though of course the antigen extraction devices are where they get you — hopefully you'll be able to buy in bulk. Whatever the case, it's better than having your throat close up or developing some horrible rash.
UPDATE at 12:30 pm: Regular train service is resuming.
EARLIER:
Trains on SkyTrain's Canada Line are not operating in Richmond between Bridgeport Station and Richmond-Brighouse Station.
According to Transit Police, all Richmond trains are suspended after a vehicle struck an elevated guideway pillar between Lansdowne Station and Richmond-Brighouse Station. The incident occurred just before 11:30 am.
Crews with ProTrans BC, the private operator of the Canada Line, are at the scene of the incident to investigate the structural integrity of the concrete column supporting the track.
TransLink is currently in the process of implementing a bus bridge shuttle between the affected stations from Bridgeport Station to Richmond-Brighouse Station, with stops at Aberdeen Station and Lansdowne Station.
It is unknown whether the column sustained structural damage from the vehicle impact or when regular train service will resume.
Trains operating between Waterfront Station and YVR Airport Station are unaffected. Passengers traveling to or from Richmond should allow for extra travel time.
More to come…
HEY YOU! Sign Up to our Newsletter for exclusive content, contests, and perks.
DH Vancouver Staff Daily Hive is the evolution of Vancity Buzz, established in Vancouver in 2008. In 2016, the publication rebranded and opened newsrooms in Calgary, Toronto, and Montreal. Send story tips to @DailyHiveVan @DailyHiveVancouver Daily Hive is the evolution of Vancity Buzz, established in Vancouver in 2008. In 2016, the publication rebranded and opened newsrooms in Calgary, Toronto, and Montreal. Send story tips to [email protected]
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Sotha Sil Expanded
(click for trailer)
That was not the entire City. No indeed. It was Master Sil's main hall within his hidden city of Clockwork madness. Just as, outside of the pearly gates in Mournhold, exists a crawling area of numerous homes, citizens, and vendors. Sotha Sil is quite expanse and houses many more inhabitants. I have seen them in person, and my, what a sight! In the case of the Nerevarine, I hear tale that when he was teleported in by Almalexia, the machina lift door behind him was caved in. For whatever reason (did Almalexia do it or did Sotha Sil?), this barred him from venturing further. Where the Nerevarine actually was, is Sotha Sil's workshop/lair.
Think about it though.... if this were a city, who could possibly call this place home? More intelligent fabricant type inventions? I dare not tell, although I have seen it with mine own eyes. Perhaps one day, the location will be openly known, and visitors can venture forth into the Clockwork City entire.
Features
Screenshots
Sotha Sil's clockwork city: a massive churning construct of gears, oil, steam, and machinery of indescribable grace, function, and a certain kind of beauty. Working through a few dilapidated domes amidst the fabricant hordes, a Nerevaraine could only think about what the rest of the city must look like. It was a fancy which would never come to pass. A team of renowned modders have come together to expand on the mysterious and enchanting locale, expanding fully on the concept of what a god obsessed with technology and perfection of function could accomplish given infinite time and resources. Sotha Sil Expanded, does what the name suggests. No longer is Sotha Sil a few small halls with the occasional swinging axe. Now it is a massive, ever changing, ever shifting facility. The player must now use their brains, as they are presented with logical challenges within the enormous lair of Sotha Sil. Oceans of oil span across it, huge gear columns tower over its halls, and fabricants roam its space-warping streets. Yes, streets. For in addition to expanding the dungeon of Sotha Sil, we have gone and done what always should have been done. Sotha Sil now truly has a clockwork city, the one mentioned in lore but never shown, complete with shops and inhabitants. All the while of course, you are monitored by Gestalt, the enormous not-quite-there magical intelligence which runs the city.-A completely redone Sotha Sil, spanning over 60 enormous cells. Oceans of oil, valleys of gears, and much much more.-Puzzles! You'll find your weapon useless as many new things in the Clockwork City will require your mind, rather than your might.-A restored Clockwork City, straight out of lore, with over 300 buildings to explore and fabricant people to meet, all overseen by the Watchmen, Sotha Sil's automaton soldiers.-New artifacts straight out of lore. From the ghostly wraithmail to the totally useless Ethos Knife, and even Sotha Sil's old legs.-New sidequests to complete in the clockwork city itself.-Three new types of armor sets, gearmail, synthetic, and quartz, and a new weapon style, clockwork.
Poster
Download Links
TESAlliance (pending)
Edited by Trainwiz, 25 December 2012 - 10:29 PM.
Toyota has claimed the title of World's Fastest SUV after a Toyota Land Cruiser hit 230 miles an hour on a long runway. But don't try that with the Land Cruiser you might have parked in the driveway.
Toyota (TM) made a few changes to create the vehicle it's cleverly dubbed the Land Speed Cruiser. While the engine started out as the Land Cruiser's usual 381 horsepower 5.7-liter V8, engineers modified it by adding two big turbochargers, among other changes. Ultimately, the engine's output was multiplied more than five times to 2,000 horsepower.
The hulking SUV required other tweaks to prepare it to push through the air at over 200 miles an hour. The suspension was lowered so that the truck hugged the ground, and was also modified to allow for wider tires.
Former NASCAR driver Carl Edwards drove the truck at Mojave Air and Spaceport in California for the record run. That facility has a 2.5 mile runway on which the test was done.
On his first try, Edwards only got the SUV up to 211 miles per hour. Engineers increased the turbocharger boost and, on the next run, Edwards made it to 230 mph.
Bentley still lays claim to the fastest unmodified production SUV with the Bentayga, which has a top speed of 187 miles an hour.
Toyota has created the ultimate Prius
Last September, Volkswagen set the record for World's Fastest Beetle with a highly modified 543 horsepower 2014 Volkswagen Beetle Turbo R-Line. That car went 205 miles an hour. In 2015, actor Idris Elba set a record in the "flying mile" in an unmodified Bentley GT Speed going an average speed of 180.4 miles an hour.
Big, fuel hungry and expensive -- prices start at roughly $84,000 -- the Land Cruiser is not a big seller for Toyota. It sold just 3,700 of them in the US last year. By comparison, Toyota can sell 10 times that many Camry sedans here in a single month.
A big reason why Brandon Brooks signed with Eagles in NFL free agency is because the team gave him a contract worth $40 million. Money wasn't the only factor, however, since Brooks said he had other offers. One reason the Eagles had an edge over Brooks' other suitors is thanks to the effort from the team's starting offensive lineman.
"The biggest thing for me is, when [the legal tampering window] opened up on Monday, pretty much from the get go, the Eagles let me know that I was their guy," Brooks explained. "I felt wanted. Players on the team ... [Jason] Peters, [Jason] Kelce, Lane [Johnson, all texted me saying 'Come here, we've got an opportunity to build something great.' I felt wanted. Players were texting me. I'm hyped and ready to go."
It's cool to see the offensive line knows they need improvement and wanted to bring a new guy into the mix. Brooks, who was a successful blocker during his team in Houston, figures to be a significant upgrade at right guard. That spot was a weakness in 2015 with the combination of Andrew Gardner and Matt Tobin playing snaps there. Brooks says he looks forward to playing with the offensive linemen that recruited him to Philly.
"I know Lane is one of the best young right tackles in the league. I know Kelce's been doing this for a long time. He's one of the best pulling center that I've ever seen since I've been watching the game. I really want to learn from Kelce. He does a lot of things at a high level. Great guy. Like I said, he was probably the first or second guy to text me saying 'We can build and do great things here.' I really want to have him take me under his wing, along with Peters, and hopefully it'll elevate my game to their level."
Brooks also shared his thoughts on Eagles offensive line Jeff Stoutland.
"Well, some things I know [about him]. I know he was at Alabama. Alabama every year has a great offensive line. I know he was kept here from the last staff, the last head coach. I was learning some things, sitting down with him today. The first thing I realized is he's an intense, fiery guy. Throughout my career, intense, fiery guys -- along with my effort -- have gotten the best out of me. That being said, I think he's extremely knowledgeable. I don't think he treats every player like a cookie cutter. Each and every player, he sits down and takes time with, and does things of nature that. So every conversation I've had with him thus far, whether it was with him here or over the phone, it's been good."
Brooks ended his presser by saying his impression on Philadelphia, based on what he's heard, is that it's a "smaller, cleaner" New York. I'm sure people will enjoy that one.
The Witcher Panel focused on The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt and took place on Thursday, July 24 at the San Diego Comic-Con 2014 (SDCC2014). The panel was moderated by Geoff Keighly (SpikeTV). The panelists in attendance were Damien Monnier (Senior Gameplay Designer), Doug Cockle (voice of Geralt of Rivia), Rafal Jaki (Witcher Franchise Director), Michal Plaktow-Gilewski (CD Projekt Red Head of Marketing), Nick McWhorter (VP Licensing, Dark Horse) and Paul Tobin (writer, The Witcher: House of Glass, Dark Horse Comics). The audience was shown approximately 30 minutes of gameplay footage, which was commentated by Rafal Jaki, and was allotted a short Q&A session at the end of the panel.
The panelists mentioned that The Witcher: House of Glass storyline is complete and available for all to read in full. McWhorter, the Dark Horse Comics representative, said there were more announcements to come in February. Geralt of Rivia voice actor, Doug Cockle thinks The Witcher 3 will be huge and noted that he's still recording some material for the game.
During the 30 minutes of gameplay footage from The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, Geralt traveled through various environments from cities, to forests, to marshlands and an enclosed cave-like area. Geralt was shown riding a horse, interacting with other characters, swimming, using magic, his witcher abilities and lobbing the heads off of enemies with his sword. There was an unfortunate audio drop out during the work-in-progress demo. The voice of the main character and some of the ones he interacts with cut out. Luckily, the voice of Geralt was on hand to help out live. Rafal Jaki also assisted in describing the progression of plot where needed.
Geralt's main goal is to track down an ashen-haired maiden. In order to accomplish this, he must follow leads and take on a series of side quests to acquire the information he needs. The demo starts outside of Novigrad as Geralt rides into the the city on his horse. He travels to an inn near the fish market where he's tipped off about a boy named Johnny who might be able to provide him with more information about the maiden.
After locating Johnny, he discovers that the boy is actually a godling who seems to have lost his voice. Geralt sets off on a short quest to find the potion that will resolve the godling's predicament. Once his voice is restored, Johnny takes Geralt to visit a woman he calls, “Gran.” Gran lives in a wooded area with cabins and children playing in the vicinity one of them.
The thread view count is
Featured Image: Sclerobionts on mollusc shells. From Agostini et al. (2017).
Papers (All Open Access):
Community Events, Society Updates, and Resources:
Upcoming National Fossil Day Events, Part 1 (PLOS Paleo)
Call for Nominations: Nat'l Academy of Sciences Elliot Medal, due Oct. 12 (Link)
Principles of Vertebrate Functional Morphology, October 16–20, 2017, Barcelona, Spain (Link)
The Fourth TetZooCon (Link)
The Science Ambassador Scholarship for female undergraduate and high school seniors, Deadline December 11, 2017 (Link)
Trekking Across the GOBE: From the Cambrian through the Katian, IGCP 653 Annual Meeting, June 3-7, 2018, Athens, Ohio, USA (Link)
North American Paleontological Convention June 23–27 2019 (Link)
News and Views:
Animals and Anatomy:
Museums, Methods, and Musings:
Featured Folks and Fieldwork:
Finding Fossils with Wendy Sloboda: the Canadian Badlands' Legendary Dinosaur Hunter (Insatiable Traveler)
J. Mike Hils, Paleontologist and Instructor (Time Scavengers)
Meet Undraa, our Volunteer of the Quarter (IMSD)
Meet Paleoartist Henry Sharpe, our Fall 2017 Featured Artist (IMSD)
Daines honors Montanan of the Week (Link)
SVP Taylor & Francis Award Interview: Christopher Griffin (Old Bones)
A Labor of Love: Museum Paleontology Volunteers Ann and Randy Johnson (NHMU Blog)
SVP Romer Prize Interview: Aaron LeBlanc (Old Bones)
Art, books, culture, and fun:
Do you have some news, a blog, or something just plain cool you want to share with the PLOS Paleo Community? Email it to us at paleocommunity@plos.org, tweet it to us at @PLOSPaleo, or message us on Facebook.
Escaping from HTML
Everything outside of a pair of opening and closing tags is ignored by the PHP parser which allows PHP files to have mixed content. This allows PHP to be embedded in HTML documents, for example to create templates.
<p>This is going to be ignored by PHP and displayed by the browser.</p>
<?php echo 'While this is going to be parsed.' ; ?>
<p>This will also be ignored by PHP and displayed by the browser.</p>
This works as expected, because when the PHP interpreter hits the ?> closing tags, it simply starts outputting whatever it finds (except for an immediately following newline - see instruction separation ) until it hits another opening tag unless in the middle of a conditional statement in which case the interpreter will determine the outcome of the conditional before making a decision of what to skip over. See the next example.
Using structures with conditions
Example #1 Advanced escaping using conditions <?php if ( $expression == true ): ?>
This will show if the expression is true.
<?php else: ?>
Otherwise this will show.
<?php endif; ?>
In this example PHP will skip the blocks where the condition is not met, even though they are outside of the PHP open/close tags; PHP skips them according to the condition since the PHP interpreter will jump over blocks contained within a condition that is not met.
For outputting large blocks of text, dropping out of PHP parsing mode is generally more efficient than sending all of the text through echo or print.
In PHP 5, there are up to five different pairs of opening and closing tags available in PHP, depending on how PHP is configured. Two of these, <?php ?> and <script language="php"> </script> , are always available. There is also the short echo tag <?= ?> , which is always available in PHP 5.4.0 and later.
The other two are short tags and ASP style tags. As such, while some people find short tags and ASP style tags convenient, they are less portable, and generally not recommended.
Note: Also note that if you are embedding PHP within XML or XHTML you will need to use the <?php ?> tags to remain compliant with standards.
PHP 7 removes support for ASP tags and <script language="php"> tags. As such, we recommend only using <?php ?> and <?= ?> when writing PHP code to maximise compatibility.
Example #2 PHP Opening and Closing Tags 1. <?php echo 'if you want to serve PHP code in XHTML or XML documents,
use these tags' ; ?>
2. You can use the short echo tag to <?= 'print this string' ?> .
It's always enabled in PHP 5.4.0 and later, and is equivalent to
<?php echo 'print this string' ?> .
3. <? echo 'this code is within short tags, but will only work ' .
'if short_open_tag is enabled' ; ?>
4. <script language="php">
echo 'some editors (like FrontPage) don\'t
like processing instructions within these tags' ;
</script>
This syntax is removed in PHP 7.0.0.
5. <% echo 'You may optionally use ASP-style tags'; %>
Code within these tags <%= $variable; %> is a shortcut for this code <% echo $variable; %>
Both of these syntaxes are removed in PHP 7.0.0.
Short tags (example three) are only available when they are enabled via the short_open_tag php.ini configuration file directive, or if PHP was configured with the --enable-short-tags option.
ASP style tags (example five) are only available when they are enabled via the asp_tags php.ini configuration file directive, and have been removed in PHP 7.0.0.
Note: Using short tags should be avoided when developing applications or libraries that are meant for redistribution, or deployment on PHP servers which are not under your control, because short tags may not be supported on the target server. For portable, redistributable code, be sure not to use short tags.
Note: In PHP 5.2 and earlier, the parser does not allow the <?php opening tag to be the only thing in a file. This is allowed as of PHP 5.3 provided there are one or more whitespace characters after the opening tag.
ADVERTISEMENT
Just before Christmas in 2013, Donald Trump predicted how his presidential ambitions would go. "I'm going to get in and all the polls are going to go crazy. I'm going to suck all the oxygen out of the room. I know how to work the media in a way that they will never take the lights off of me," Politico reports him saying. And he was right. But it came at a cost.
In 2015, the summer of Trump, he made himself the most important issue of the Republican primary. Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio wanted to talk about upward mobility, instead they talked about how Trump can't "insult his way to the presidency" or called him irresponsible. Ted Cruz wanted to talk about the Constitution, but his most memorable campaign lines were about the Donald. First saying that he won't get in a "cage match" with him, then saying he was a pathological liar and narcissist. All Trump, all the time worked for Trump in a 17-candidate field with frequent debates. And all his opponents became defined by how they reacted to him: Jeb wilted; Rubio malfunctioned; Cruz embraced and then denied him.
But the Trump show, in its second summer, is not working for Trump. In fact, it is distracting from all the bad news that could be hurting Hillary Clinton. Think of what a normal Republican candidate, with normal big-party resources, and an acceptable level of party unity would have done with the following stories that relate to Clinton's judgment and competence:
1. FBI Director James Comey's lashing indictment of the careless way Clinton handled classified material, with the heavy implication that under normal circumstances a person would lose their security clearance for this behavior.
2. The renewed bombing campaigns over Libya, where Clinton's "smart power" foreign policy created chaos, cost thousands of human lives, and created a Mediterranean beachhead for ISIS.
3. The tax documents of the Clintons revealing that they give nearly all their charitable donations to the Clinton Foundation, whose resources pay for much of their family's travel, and for staff that spends most of their time serving them.
4. The Clinton Foundation's announcement that it would — soon, eventually — cease taking foreign and corporate donations, even though any fair reading of these gifts makes the foundation look like a form of legal bribery.
Clinton should be happy that all of these stories come out and Trump doesn't have the resources or the common sense to put her on the defensive about them in any serious or sustained way. A normal Republican would put pressure on her to answer questions from the media. A normal Republican would be flooding the airwaves in Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania detailing the foreign money that influences her decisions. A normal Republican would ask why our pilots are flying on the say-so of a barely legitimate Libyan government.
And putting Clinton on the defensive would likely cause her to make mistakes. She is horrible when she's on the spot. That's when she antagonizes the media against her, claiming she was "dead broke" in the days after buying a mansion in Chappaqua, or joking that you wipe a server "with a cloth." Alas, Trump's incompetent show goes on, and Clinton is able to focus her resources micro-targeting to every progressive group out there.
Occasionally, Trump tries in his awkward way to put in an effort, such as when he said that "Obama is the founder of ISIS." But the pattern over these news cycles is more telling. Trump is becoming known for clashing more with his party, and with his hired campaign staff more than with Clinton. For weeks, he has let his campaign be consumed by petty fighting with Paul Ryan, by his hiring decisions, even by his campaign's decision to source its internet strategy from random racist Twitter accounts.
Hillary Clinton should be thankful for the Trump show. "They will never take the lights off of me," he said. And so the light never shines on Hillary Clinton's pecuniary motives, her corrupted judgment, or her disastrous use of American air power in misbegotten wars. It never shines on the points of her campaign that demoralize the left wing or energize conservatives. It just stays on Trump, as his electoral hopes implode.
To put it very simply, the race for the presidency is a show in itself. And it is a fight. But Trump is fighting everyone but Clinton: the press, his former campaign managers, his children, and his own manifest lack of self-control.
If Trump wants to become president, he needs to cancel the Trump show, and replace it with something that actually features Hillary Clinton.
Powering the Third World with Water and Sun December 1, 2010
Sun Catalytix — an energy storage and renewable fuels company — founded by a Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) professor, Daniel Nocera, has attracted funding from the wealthy Tata Group, a powerful Indian corporation known for it's innovative Nano automobile, to develop a solar powered generator that would be
affordable to a large segment of rural poor throughout the third world.
Nocera and his colleagues announce a process two years ago that captured sunlight in manner similar to plant photosynthesis. A press release described the original discovery.
“Inspired by the photosynthesis performed by plants, Nocera and Matthew Kanan, a postdoctoral fellow in Nocera's lab, have developed an unprecedented process that will allow the sun's energy to be used to split water into hydrogen and oxygen gases. Later, the oxygen and hydrogen may be recombined inside a fuel cell, creating carbon-free electricity to power your house or your electric car, day or night.”
At the time, MIT produced a video that explained the discovery –
Since then, Nocera and Postdoc fellow Mathew Kanan have refined the process, discarding some of the more expensive exotic metals originally required.
The Business-Standard of India reported that Ralf Speth, CEO of Jaguar Land Rover (a Tata company), is on the board of the new company, Ratan Tata, CEO of Tata Sons,
is a co-owner, and the group has pumped at least 9.5 million USD, and possibly much more, into the new company.
The system will be able to use water from any source, even waste water, to produce hydrogen and oxygen, which can be stored easily in tanks, and utilized as a power source for a fuel cell immediately, or during times when solar energy is not available.
Planning on a launch in the next 18 months, the group hopes to market a system that will suit the needs and budget of millions of homes and villages in India and the third world.
Advertisements
In the past 18 months, Volvo has reinvented itself with a whole range of new cars. The XC90, S90, and V90 are gorgeous, well-reviewed luxury cars. But that's just the start. Volvo is planning to roll-out a mid-sized 60-series of cars next, and a smaller 40-series after that.
we'll see the whole car later this month
The new 40-series of cars is especially exciting for those of us in the US, as it marks the return of the small Volvo to this side of the pond. Volvo's current lineup of small cars aren't available in the US, but they are sold in Europe and other markets. The new 40-series will be built on Volvo's new Compact Modular Architecture, a smaller version of the Scalable Product Architecture that the Swedish firm designed to handle its larger vehicles.
Ahead of the 40-series' full unveiling on May 18th at its headquarters in Gothenburg, Sweden, Volvo is teasing the cars with a series of images on its Snapchat account — but the company sent this one over to us.
From the side, the car looks to me like a mix of the Ford Mustang and a Mercedes C-Class — with Volvo's "Thor's Hammer" headlights added in. It's a nice look, and I'm eager to see the whole car (full disclosure: I'm a big Volvo fan, so I might be biased). If the rest of Volvo's new lineup is any indication, the 40-series will definitely give the rest of the automotive industry something else to chase after.
The last light illuminating Scottish football was extinguished when Aiden McGeady left Glasgow, bound for Moscow. The fee Celtic received was around £10m, a record for a Scottish player. This, though, will not console Celtic followers who watched their team exit European competition again last Thursday, annihilated 4-0 by a team which finished seventh in the Dutch league.
On the same day, McGeady learned that he will be playing at Stamford Bridge in the autumn as his new club, Spartak, play Chelsea in the Champions League. Celtic will have the homespun delights of Motherwell, Paisley and Kilmarnock.
McGeady is the finest natural talent Scotland has produced since Kenny Dalglish. He is one of the few British footballers who possess magic in either foot. Yet a myth was invented that he was all show and no substance. Barry Ferguson, the former Rangers captain, was similarly traduced in the country that currently lies 41st in the FIFA rankings. In his first full season in the English Premier League, he was one of the players of the season.
Scottish football fans are delusional about this game that our country helped to invent. We claim to cherish artistry and self-expression. In the bar, we will happily gather round the old men of our tribes and prevail upon them to tell us of Baxter and Johnstone, Gilzean and Cooke. Yet our loudest cheers are now reserved for the hammer-throwers and bottom-feeders who proliferate in Scottish football.
Behind my home, trees prevent me witnessing the amateur football matches that unfold beyond. Yet the audio delights are surely more entertaining than the visual. The language is functional, industrial, Lowland Scots. This is football in the raw played by amateurs and juniors letting off steam at the end of a working week. Yet the same values hold sway in our professional game.
In the past three weeks, four of our best clubs have been gently removed from European competition by a collection of mediocre and plodding outfits they would have been expected to defeat a generation ago. The international team recently produced a lamentable display as they were beaten 3-0 by Sweden. Rangers have been drawn in a Champions League group that includes Manchester United, Valencia and Bursaspor, the champions of Turkey, a country 13 places above Scotland in the rankings.
Meanwhile, the report by Henry McLeish into the reasons why we are so bad at football will lie forgotten on the shelves of those who run our country and our game.
They will say that his proposal to build more indoor training facilities is too expensive for a country facing spending cuts and a sharp rise in public sector unemployment.
Several measures would improve our game at little or no cost. These include a winter break and a later end to the season. Our children should be encouraged to play in summer when pitches are at their best. No senior club should field more than three non-Scots. In this way, we will reduce the number of our talented young players who are displaced by overpaid continental misfits.
And could we be more selective in those whom we choose to grant the privilege of coaching our youngsters? Preference really ought to be given to those who can walk and talk at the same time and who can last an entire game without verbally abusing the children entrusted to their care.
Vladimir Putin issued a defiant message to the West Tuesday, accusing the United States of trying to “subjugate” Russia while promising that it would never succeed.
The Russian president also appeared to echo Al Capone, the Chicago mobster, when he joked that “weapons and politeness” were more effective than “politeness alone.”
Meeting supporters in Moscow, Mr. Putin corrected another speaker who said that the United States wanted to humiliate Russia. “They don't want to humiliate us, they want to subjugate us, to solve their problems at our expense,” he said. “They want to bring us under control.”
Mr. Putin added: “Throughout history no one has ever succeeded in doing that to Russia and they never will.”
His characteristically sharp-tongued delivery suggested Mr. Putin was keen to dispel any idea that he had been cowed at the G20 summit in Brisbane over the weekend, which he left early after Western leaders upbraided him over Russia's military intervention in the Ukraine crisis.
Before his speech, the Russian leader was shown a new military vehicle described as a cross between a car and an armoured personnel carrier. Manufacturers had jokingly labelled the vehicles “polite armoured cars” – in reference to “the polite people,” a phrase that became popular in the spring to describe the Russian soldiers who led the Kremlin's takeover of Ukraine's Crimea peninsula.
On seeing the machine, Mr. Putin quipped: “You can get a lot more done with weapons and politeness than you can with politeness alone.”
The phrase appeared to echo a saying attributed to Al Capone: “You can get much further with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone.”
13 SHARES Share Tweet We promise your email address will be in safe hands. Leave this field empty if you're human:
Shoelaces are necessary evils that most shoes can't do without and it also part of a footwear that we don't give much thought about. If it gives way, we simply bent or squad down and tie it over again. Truth be told, it is a hassle and even if it doesn't get loosen that often, the extra length can be an eyesore, or worst, a potential tripper if they happen to be exceeding long and gets hook to some protruding objects. So can our sneakers do without laces? Nope. But thanks to Xpand Lacing System, our days of shoelace woes will be over. Simply put, Xpand Lacing System is a new form of shoelace that cuts excess lace ends out and say goodbye to loosening laces.
It consists of two parts: a specially designed a set of Lace Anchors (or Lace end clips) and a pair of Xpand zero memory, elastic laces. This two-part system replaces your stock laces, with the end of the laces ‘capped' at the top set of the eyelets, stealthily with Lace Anchors or on the outside with Lace end clips. Excess laces are then trimmed to achieve the streamline look. Once done, the next time putting on your favorite kicks will only require a simple tug and slip action. Xpand Lacing System basically turns any laced sneakers into a slip-on footwear. So, seriously, who needs futuristic self-lacing shoes when all you need is a tug and slip to get a good fit?
If you are all up for an easier life with shoelaces, you can join the 29,000 folks who have already pre-ordered it through Kickstarter, by doing the same, over at Indiegogo. And the price? It starts at just 8 bucks for a set, which includes four Lace Anchors, four Lace end clips and a pair of Xpand laces.
More news about: East Texas Baptist
MARSHALL, Texas – It will be a game to remember for the ages in Homecoming 2015 as East Texas Baptist University's Kendall Roberson rushed for 420 yards and five touchdowns as they battled the rain for a 46-13 victory over Belhaven University. Earning their fifth win, ETBU is now guaranteed of not having a losing season which is a first since 2011.
"This is huge for us to get that fifth win," says head coach Joshua Eargle. "We played against all the elements today and our guys handled the distractions and came out ready to play today."
The game was moved up to an 11:00 a.m. start from the original 6:00 p.m. start with the forecast of the inclement weather coming to East Texas. ETBU handled Belhaven and the new starting time well finishing with 594 yards of total offense as 521 yards came on the ground.
Roberson produced the career day with an American Southwest Conference and ETBU single game rushing record of 420 yards on 33 carries. He also touted the rock into the end zone five times which is second best in the history of the ASC and the most by a conference player this season.
"It was a great day," says Roberson. "Our offensive linemen and receivers did a great job of helping get me past the line of scrimmage. Our offensive line continues to get better each week and I love those guys as they have helped me to become a better player."
Roberson's touchdown runs were of 80 yards, 69, yards, 43 yards, six yards, and three yards. Before halftime, he already had scored two touchdowns and had 256 yards rushing. In the last two weeks, he has combined for 584 yards and nine touchdowns.
His first touchdown came in the first quarter with 12:21 on the clock from three-yards out and thein with 6:26 left in the second he went 69 yards for a 20-0 lead. In between his two touchdowns his counterpart Jourdan McNeill, who had 96 yards rushing, recorded a two-yard touchdown run.
To finish out the scoring in the first half was Tyler Bates as he returned a 48-yard punt return for a touchdown making it 26-0 with 1:31 left in the half.
Belhaven put a score on the board in the third quarter at the 12:06 mark on a 13-yard pass as ETBU held a 26-7 lead. Less than a minute later, Roberson kicked it into high gear, again, on an 80-yard touchdown jaunt on the second play of the drive as ETBU extended their lead to 25 points, 32-7. Six minutes later Roberson picked up his fourth touchdown from six-yards out at the 5:30 mark and then just before the third quarter ended he found a hole in the defense for a 43-yard dash for his fifth touchdown. That touchdown put ETBU up 46-7. Belhaven added one score in the fourth quarter on a three-yard pass as it became 46-13.
Xavier Davis had a career day with 3.5 sacks, seven tackles and 4.5 tackles for loss. It was the second week in a row that ETBU has allowed just 13 points and the team recorded eight sacks and one interception by Sam Williams.
"I really thought we were active today and getting after the quarterback," says Eargle. "They have a couple quarterbacks that are really good and know how to play and I was really pleased how we handled them today."
The fifth win of the year ETBU is the most since 2011 and in Eargle's third year it is the most wins for him in a season. ETBU has not had a winning season since 2005 when the team went 6-4.
ETBU travels to Alpine, Texas, next Saturday, October 31st, to face Sul Ross State University in ASC play and will put their undefeated 2-0 record on the line at 2:00 p.m.
The UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) has warned that more than 11 million Yemeni children are in dire need of relief aid as a result of Saudi Arabia's aggression against the impoverished country.
In a statement published on Monday, the agency described the conflict in Yemen as “devastating,” and said the Yemeni children were facing “the largest food security crisis in the world and an unprecedented cholera outbreak.”
"Deprived of access to basic health and nutrition services, children are unable to fulfill their potential," the statement said, adding that children in the war-ravaged country were dying of "preventable causes like malnutrition, diarrhea, and respiratory tract infections.”
The OCHA also pointed to the uncertain future of millions of schoolchildren in Yemen as thousands of teachers refuse to attend classes for not receiving their salaries during the past year.
"The education system is on the brink of collapse, with more than five million children at risk of being deprived of their right to education," the OCHA said.
This photo taken on March 16, 2017 shows Yemeni schoolgirls looking at a school that was damaged in an airstrike in the southern Yemeni city of Ta'izz. (Photo by AFP)
Since March 2015, Yemen has been under heavy airstrikes by Saudi Arabia's warplanes as part of a brutal war against the Arabian Peninsula country in an attempt to crush the popular Houthi Ansarullah movement and reinstall the former president, Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, a staunch ally of Riyadh.
More than 12,000 people have been killed since the onset of the campaign and much of the country's infrastructure, including hospitals, schools and factories, has been ravaged.
A Yemeni mother comforts her child, who is suspected of being infected with cholera, as they receive treatment at a hospital in the capital Sana'a, on August 12, 2017. (Photo by AFP)
The Saudi war has also triggered a deadly cholera epidemic across Yemen.
According to data provided by the World Health Organization and Yemen's Health Ministry, the country's cholera outbreak, the worst on record in terms of its rapid spread, has infected 612,703 people and killed 2,048 since it began in April, with some districts still reporting sharp rises in new cases.
The United Nations also says the Saudi war has left some 17 million Yemenis hungry, nearly seven million facing famine, and about 16 million almost without access to water or sanitation.
Story highlights King is a powerful Iowa Republican and a frequent critic of illegal immigration
"It's the culture, not the blood," King said
Washington (CNN) Rep. Steve King doubled down Monday on comments he made over the weekend in which he appeared to criticize foreigners and immigrants, drawing complaints of insensitivity on social media and from some of his Hill colleagues including from within his own party.
King, a prominent Iowa Republican and a vocal advocate against illegal immigration, tweeted Sunday, "We can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies."
Asked by CNN's Chris Cuomo on "New Day" to clarify his comments, King said he "meant exactly what I said."
"You cannot rebuild your civilization with somebody else's babies. You've got to keep your birth rate up, and that you need to teach your children your values," King said, paraphrasing remarks he said he's delivered to audiences in Europe. "In doing so, you can grow your population, you can strengthen your culture, and you can strengthen your way of life."
King said he'd like to see less of an emphasis on race in the future.
Read More
Community
What Are The Top 5 Plays From The Cubs 2016 Postseason?
First thing I want to do is credit Chicago Tribune for the awesome header pictures. Now then, on to the post! The Cubs went on a wild ride throughout the Playoffs. From unanimous favorite to down 2-1 to the Dodgers in the NLCS to come roaring back and win 3 straight. Just to get to the World series and fall down 3-1 to the Indians before creating one of the most memorable moments in Sports history by winning the following 3 games. And just because they are the Cubs, they decided to make it as dramatic as possible by winning the World series in Extra Innings following a short (but extremely long) 15-minute rain delay to erase a 108 year drought!!
An off-duty Vancouver police officer has been charged on allegations of assault and unlawful confinement in Maple Ridge, B.C.
According to Vancouver Police, a woman filed a report with the Ridge Meadows RCMP on Friday, saying that she had been the victim of a domestic assault and that the man responsible was an off-duty police officer.
Ridge Meadows RCMP officers arrested the Vancouver police officer, whose identity has not been released, at his home the same day.
Ridge Meadows RCMP Cpl. Alanna Dunlop said the officer has been charged with two counts of unlawful confinement and one count of assault causing bodily harm.
"We were investigating essentially a domestic dispute situation which resulted in those three counts ... charges have been laid and are before courts. We're not in a position to comment on any details regarding the investigation itself," she said.
The Vancouver Police Department said it also notified the Office of the Police Complaint Commissioner once it was made aware of the allegations.
The officer has been a member of the Vancouver police force for 10 years and has been removed from front-line work, pending the results of the investigation.
He is set to appear in court in Port Coquitlam, B.C. next week.
Hours after Gujarat Congress legislators Mansinh Chauhan and Channa Chaudhary quit the party, their colleague and veteran leader Ramsinh Parmar also resigned from his post on Friday dealing another blow to the grand old party ahead of the August 8 Rajya Sabha elections.
Parmar quit the Congress after two MLAs – Chhanabhai Chaudhary, MLA from Vansda constituency, and Mansinh Chauhan from Balasinor – submitted their resignations to Speaker Ramanlal Vora earlier in the day.
“I will not join BJP, though,” Parmar, from Thasra constituency and chairperson of the prestigious Amul Dairy, was quoted as saying by news agency IANS.
The resignations spell trouble for Ahmed Patel, Congress president Sonia Gandhi's political secretary, who has filed papers seeking a fifth term in the Rajya Sabha from Gujarat. With Chauhan quitting, the Congress has lost six legislators in so far.
The developments come a day after three legislators resigned from the party and joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). On Thursday, Congress chief whip and MLA from Siddhpur Balwantsinh Rajput, Tejashree Patel from Viramgam, and Vijapur legislator PI Patel submitted their resignations.
Within minutes of their joining the BJP, Rajput was named the saffron party's third Rajya Sabha candidate. BJP chief Amit Shah and Union minister Smriti Irani are the other two candidates fielded by the party.
IANS cited unnamed sources as saying that CK Raolji, another MLA known to be very close to rebel leader Shankersinh Vaghela, is also likely to resign. Another senior legislator Raghavji Patel on Friday said he was preparing to follow suit along with five others, the news agency reported.
“I also want to go to the BJP and there are five others who are also preparing for it,” IANS quoted Raghavji Patel, a legislator from Jamnagar (rural) constituency in Saurashtra, as saying. “We are frustrated. Nobody listened to our voice and took note of our aspirations,” the veteran leader added.
Chaudhary and Chauhan have not joined the BJP.
Raghavji Patel, Chaudhary and Chauhan are all believed to be close to rebel leader Vaghela, who quit as Leader of Opposition on July 21, alleging that there was an intraparty conspiracy to oust him from the Congress.
Ahmed Patel will now need at least 46 votes of the 51 Congress MLAs. There are 176 MLAs left in the Gujarat assembly after the six Congress lawmakers' resignation.
Between Shah and Irani, the BJP will need 92 votes. Given, the BJP has at present 121 MLAs, the party will have 29 votes in spare.
The cross-voting in presidential poll revealed that Congress was losing 11 of its MLAs.
The BJP has fielded candidates for all three seats that are up for the grab as it believes it has the support of the other six Congress MLAs, who cross-voted in the presidential polls. But, for that, it will require an additional six votes to ensure the win for its third candidate.
On the other hand, if these six MLAs again indulge in cross-voting, Ahmed Patel will have to depend on 46 Congress votes, two Nationalist Congress Party votes and the vote of BJP rebel MLA Nalin Kotadia.
Chottu Vasava, a lone Janata Dal(United) MLA who refrained from voting in the presidential polls, is expected to vote for the saffron party after the BJP-JD(U) alliance came to power in Bihar on Thursday.
Besides, both the NCP MLAs were also seen by side of Vaghela on July 21 event when veteran leader announced his resignation as Congress Legislative Party Leader.
(With inputs from IANS)
First Published: Jul 28, 2017 12:55 IST
Disclosure: The organizers of Slush paid my way to Helsinki. Our coverage remains objective. This is part one of a two-part interview. Part two runs Tuesday.
Image Credit: Supercell
HELSINKI — Ilkka Paananen and most of his 130 employees at Supercell, the maker of the incredibly successful Clash of Clans mobile strategy game, are rich enough to retire. They just sold 51 percent of their Helsinki-based company to Japan's SoftBank and GungHo Entertainment (the makers of the popular and lucrative Puzzles & Dragons puzzle-role-playing game) for $1.53 billion. That makes Supercell worth about $3 billion, or more than Zynga, the social gaming giant with 2,200 employees.
But Supercell's CEO says the company did that deal not as its end game but to secure stability for good and to set about its quest of “making history” in the entertainment business. He believes his job is to get the best people to make the best games and provide the best environment for them to work in. They work in “cells,” or teams of a half-dozen or so. They toil on games, kill off the bad ideas, and test the ones that are promising. By doing so, Paananen hopes Supercell will make a lasting impact on the game business in the same way that companies such as Disney and Nintendo have done — and in an environment in which more than 1.2 billion people play games.
Paananen met with a group of media attending the Slush conference in Helsinki. The company's headquarters is on one of the upper floors of an abandoned Nokia research center, one of the ghosts of Finland's tech economy. Now much of Finland's game industry and its government investment programs have been inspired by Supercell's success.
Here's an edited transcript of our group interview with Paananen. The pictures in this story were taken at Supercell's headquarters.
Image Credit: Supercell
Question: Tell us how you work.
Ilkka Paananen: What keeps it all together is our unique culture. We've organized into these small, independent teams that we call cells. That's where the name “Supercell” comes from. We believe that decision-making power about games should be as close to the player as possible. Therefore, the individual developer should be able to make decisions about their own work and whatever affects their players. If you do that, you can optimize for speed, and you create a sense of ownership among the people who work on the games.
We're also very big believers in the concept of “small.” Small teams move quicker. There's less management and bureaucracy and process. That results in happier developers and better games. Again, at Supercell, it's really the team that owns the game.
As you know, in the games industry, companies usually go through a greenlight process. We don't have one, because we don't need one. At Supercell there are two entities that have control. One is the team itself. During development, the only entity that can kill a production is the team itself. Even I can't do that. Then, once a team ships their game to a test market, power shift from the team to the players. At that point, they become very metrics- or data-centric. They have metrics a game has to reach in order to proceed to a global launch.
Image Credit: Supercell
To put it simply, at Supercell, two entities have control. During development, it's the team. After development, during the beta, it's the players. It really is that simple. Everything unfolds from there. We've tried to create an environment of zero bureaucracy. Just super talented people. The role of management or leadership—First of all, we have very few of those people. But our main goal is just to create the environment and then stay out of the way so that people can focus on their work.
We're also fully transparent as an organization. Every morning, an e-mail gets sent out to the entire organization – from trainees to the CEO – that has all the key performance indicators for each game. The same information is always available to everyone at the same time. We believe that if you provide people with the right information, you don't need to tell them what to do. They can figure it out themselves.
Further, we really do celebrate failure. It's not that we pretend that failing is fun. When we need to kill a game production–Imagine a group of five or six people who've worked day and night on a game for many months. Maybe the game just doesn't fly. Maybe there's a poor focus group result. Maybe the game goes to beta and users don't like it for whatever reason. Of course it's not fun when we have to kill a game at times like that. But what we think is worth celebrating is the learning that comes out of that failure. When we have to kill a game, we always organize a party around it. The team gets up on stage and talks about what went well, what didn't go well, what they learned. Then we hand them a bottle of champagne to celebrate what they've learned.
The fact is that, as a company, we've failed way more often than we've succeeded. Last year we killed at least five games. We launched only two. I fully expect that to be the case going forward. We'll bring games out to beta and many of those games won't fly. That's the nature of the business. But we believe that if you don't take those risks, you won't get hit games either. If you want to do something innovative, you have to take risks. A natural outcome of taking risks is of course failure. This is what keeps the company together.
Image Credit: Dean Takahashi
Question: What's your mission?
Paananen: Our mission is to become the first truly global games company. For us, a truly global games company is one that has a hit game in the big western markets – in North America and Europe – and also in each of the big eastern markets – Japan, Korea, and China – at the same time. Our goal is to create games that somehow unite gamers all over the world. While we have a long way to go, there are some encouraging results I'd like to talk about today.
On iOS we have two games. Clash of Clans has been the number one game on the iPad top-grossing charts in 139 countries. Hay Day has been the same in 102 countries. With Clash, we got really excited about the Japanese market early this year. People thought that we were absolutely crazy. They said that Japan was just a big graveyard for western game companies. But we thought we'd give it a try. We've been quite happy with the results. At its peak, Clash made it to three on the iPhone top-grossing charts, and it's still in the top five or top six. It recently launched on Android and also made it to the top 10 – same with Hay Day.
People ask us, what's the secret? I believe that it's because we think quite differently about these games. A lot of companies bring their games out on a fire-and-forget type of model. Put the game out, it goes up, and after a few months it comes back down. Our games have stayed on top for more than a year now. Hay Day was launched globally in June of last year and it's been in the top five ever since. Clash was launched in August last year and it's still the number two game in the U.S. after Candy Crush. They have that staying power.
Why is that? The number one reason is that when we founded the company, from very early on our goal was to create games that people would play for years, not just for weeks or months. Lots of the creative people at Supercell have a background as developers or as consumers of MMO games. We play a lot of games like World of Warcraft or League of Legends. Those types of games have a very long shelf life. Our dream is to achieve something similar, but for the mass market and mobile platforms. Again, it's early days, but we're quite happy about the results.
It all comes from this mentality of thinking of a game as a service, rather than just a product. One of our explicit missions is that every single week, we want to make these games better for users. They always have to become better.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
Are the only people who still oppose homosexual “marriage” reactionaries, religious fanatics or haters? That's what the loudest voices are suggesting, but are these accusations accurate, experiential and rational? Next week, the U.S. Supreme Court will be hearing arguments regarding the constitutionality of California's Proposition 8 and the Defense of Marriage Act. It's conceivable that the Court, as it did with abortion in its 1973 ruling on Roe v. Wade, will rule that homosexual “marriage” is an American right. The snowball seems to be rolling downhill, and getting bigger.
This issue is often reduced to an emotional question: Why shouldn't two men or two women who care about each other be allowed to marry? The Obama administration is supportive of homosexual “marriage,” and even many libertarian Republicans have reversed their opposition.
As with other social issues, homosexual “marriage” is an ideological and emotional issue, where it is tempting to label people and institutions “good” or “bad,” but it's more complex than that.
We live in an age, and a milieu, where we are encouraged to indulge every inclination and urge. We are warned that denying these urges is unhealthy, even psychologically dangerous, but history and experience have demonstrated that many inclinations and urges (kleptomania, sexual predation, attractions to alcohol and drugs, pedophilia, etc.) ought to be resisted. Happiness is not achieved by satisfying urges. In fact, greatness is often achieved by resisting urges.
If we are going to alter the definition of marriage to include relationships other than one man and one woman, aren't we entitled to a rational explanation for why the following are nonsensical scenarios?
Why can't four consenting men and three consenting women who desire to marry, marry? What is so special about two-person marriage if traditional marriage is no longer special? Haven't the rights of these four men and three woman been abridged by preventing them from marrying?
Why can't 12-year old boys and girls who are more intellectually advanced and more emotionally mature than many adults marry?
Why can't a Muslim man and 50 consenting women who desire to establish a harem marry?
Many modern Americans – just look at groups like PETA and Earth First – believe that other animals should have the same rights as human “animals.” Already, cats and dogs enjoy greater legal protection than human fetuses in the womb. So, why shouldn't a man who wants to ensure that his pet is cared for after he dies be allowed to marry his pet?
Once the relationship between one man and one woman is no longer special and uniquely sanctioned, none of these alternate “unions” can be summarily dismissed. Yet if any union of any number of consenting persons can be considered “marriage,” then the potential for abuse and mistreatment is multiplied, even more so with children who are involved in these menages.
We know that one man, one woman relationships often fail; however, much produce a beautiful female-male complementarity, and children to ensure the future of the human race.
As to diversity, what is more diverse than a natural family, composed of a human mother, father and children? When so many children are neglected and abused, shouldn't we be striving to reinforce stable families where both male-ness and female-ness are exemplified?
Every person is entitled to respect. It is hard to separate beliefs and behavior from the person, but actions ought to be judged, not a person's heart, which cannot be known. Still, changing the very definition of marriage to satisfy the emotional urges of a select group goes far beyond respect. Moreover, it sets a culture on the dangerous path toward decline, eroding the institution most responsible for continuing the human race.
A million Frenchmen, and even a majority of Americans, can be wrong. Moral choices are connected to human freedom and how it is used, and sometimes abused. Using freedom well is a lifelong challenge.
Thomas M. Doran, a writer and educator, is the author most recently of “Terrapin” (Ignatius Press, 2012).
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Established to recognize contributions of the highest level that advance our knowledge and understanding of the physical universe in all its facets. It is intended to celebrate scientific inquiry and the pursuit of knowledge.
The Medal carries with it a prize of $50,000, a certificate citing the contribution made by the recipient, an allowance for travel to the APS Medal Ceremony in Washington D.C. January 30, 2020 and an invited talk at an APS March or April Meeting.
Establishment & Support
The APS Medal for Exceptional Achievement in Research is the largest Society prize to recognize the achievement of researchers from across all fields of physics. It is funded by a generous donation from Jay Jones, entrepreneur.
Rules & Eligibility
The prize will be awarded annually without restriction by subfield of physics or by nationality. The award shall ordinarily be awarded to a single person, but a prize may be shared by up to three recipients. Previous winners of other APS Prizes and Awards are eligible. Nominations are active for three years. Self-nominations are not permitted.
Nomination & Selection Process
Deadline: Wednesday, May 1, 2019
The nomination package must include:
A letter of not more than 5,000 characters evaluating the qualifications of the nominee(s).
In addition, the nomination should include:
A biographical sketch.
A list of the most important publications.
At least two, but not more than four, seconding letters.
Up to five reprints or preprints.
To start a new or update a continuing nomination, please see the Prize & Award Nomination Guidelines.
Selection Committee
The selection committee will be the APS Society Medal and Prize Committee which consists of the APS President-Elect, all APS Councilors representing the Divisions of the Society and one additional Councilor appointed by the President-Elect from the Councilors not representing the Divisions. The chair is the President-Elect.
2019 Selection Committee Members: David Gross (Chair), Samuel Bader, Baha Balantekin, Charles Bennett, Beverly Berger, William Bialek, Nicholas Bigelow, Robert Continetti, Bonnie Fleming, Cary Forest, Timothy Gay, Giulia Gali, Ann Karagozian, John Marston, Cole Miller, Murugappan Muthukumar, Thomas Roser, Elizabeth Simmons
Serving a diverse and inclusive community of physicists worldwide is a primary goal for APS. Nominations of qualified women, members of underrepresented minority groups, and scientists from outside the United States are especially encouraged.
PM Malcolm Turnbull gets it wrong on whether Darwin port is used by military
Updated
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made a significant error in trying to justify the decision to lease Australia's crucial northern port to Chinese interests, by claiming it is not used by the military.
Key points: Malcolm Turnbull's statements on Darwin port questioned
PM previously claimed port was not used by military, but facility is advertised as catering to "frequent naval visits"
NT Government has leased port to Chinese-owned company
The Northern Territory Government sparked international controversy last month when it decided to lease the Port of Darwin facilities to a Chinese-owned company.
Some defence analysts have warned the company, Landbridge, has strong links to the Chinese Communist Party. They have also warned China will use the lease strategically to secure a presence in the north of Australia.
The ABC has also been told US president Barack Obama raised the sale directly with Mr Turnbull in a face-to-face meeting this week.
On Friday Mr Turnbull was questioned by Darwin radio station MIX 104.9 about the sale of the port.
"The port that is being leased is not being used by the military, it is a commercial port," he said.
But according to an announcement by the Darwin Port Corporation on November 16, the lease includes East Arm Wharf commercial port outside Darwin and the Fort Hill Wharf close to the city's CBD.
Fort Hill Wharf is advertised as a "cruise ship and Defence vessel facility".
The Darwin Port Corporation website promotes the wharf as catering to "frequent naval ship visits" for visiting international and domestic naval ships.
A spokesman for the Prime Minister has since issued a media statement, which said Mr Turnbull was making the point that the Darwin facility "is a commercial port not a military port".
The Prime Minister has repeatedly defended the lease arrangements.
"Naturally Defence has access to the port if required," the statement said.
"Regardless, Defence has made it very clear it has no security concerns about the lease."
The Prime Minister also stressed Defence could step in and take over management of the port for national security reasons.
But Luke Gosling, the Labor candidate for the federal seat of Solomon in Darwin, said the Prime Minister had misunderstood the port lease deal.
"According to the Chief Minister of the Northern Territory's release, the facilities that are included in the lease of the port for 99 years — almost a century — includes facilities like Fort Hill Wharf that are used not only by the Australian Navy but also the militaries of other countries as well, so it would be good if the Prime Minister, when coming to the north, knew what he was talking about," Mr Gosling said.
Topics: government-and-politics, federal-parliament, defence-and-national-security, australia
First posted
Khachapuri, also spelled as Hachapuri (Georgian: ხაჭაპური [xɑtʃʼɑpʼuri] () from ხაჭო xach'o "curds" + პური p'uri "bread") is a traditional Georgian dish of cheese-filled bread. The bread is leavened and allowed to rise and is shaped in various ways, usually with cheese in the middle and a crust which is ripped off and used to dip in the cheese. The filling contains cheese (fresh or aged, most commonly sulguni), eggs and other ingredients.[1]
It is more popular among women and older people.[2] As a Georgian staple food, the price of making khachapuri is used as a measure of inflation in different Georgian cities by the Khachapuri index, developed by the International School of Economics at Tbilisi State University.[3][4]
It is Georgia's national dish that is inscribed on the list of the Intangible cultural heritage of Georgia.[5]
Types [ edit ]
There are several distinctive types of khachapuri in Georgian food from different regions of Georgia:
Imeretian (Imeruli) khachapuri, which is circular and probably the most common type [6] .
. Adjarian (Acharuli/Adjaruli) khachapuri, in which the dough is formed into an open boat shape and the hot pie is topped with a raw egg and a pat of butter before serving.
Mingrelian (Megruli) khachapuri, similar to Imeritian but with more cheese added on top.
Achma, from Abkhazia, which has multiple layers and looks more like a sauceless lasagna.
Gurian (Guruli) khachapuri has boiled eggs inside the dough and looks like a calzone. Arguably, it is not a type of khachapuri. Gurians make them for Christmas and call them simply 'Christmas pie'. In the rest of Georgia, it is called 'Gurian pie'.
Ossetian (Osuri) khachapuri, which has potato, as well as cheese in its filling. It is commonly called Khabizgini.
Svanuri Lemzira
Rachuli khachapuri
Penovani khachapuri is made with puff pastry dough, resulting in a flaky variety of the pie.
Outside Georgia [ edit ]
Khachapuri is popular in the post-Soviet states, including Russia.[7][8] It was reported that 175,000 khachapuris were consumed during the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi.[9] Khachapuri is popular street food in Armenia, where it is widely served at restaurants and school cafeterias.[10] It has become increasingly popular as a brunch food in Israel.[11]
See also [ edit ]
It went from being a monster catch to a raffle prize, and now, a 21-lb. lobster has finally found his destiny as a resident of the New England Aquarium.
The extra-large crustacean was caught in Orleans, Mass., on July 14, and kept at Capt'n Elmer's Fish Market, where a recent raffle's winner was to see the lobster get released back into the wild. But, according to the AP, the winner decided the lobster should be donated to the Boston aquarium instead.
The New England Aquarium is no stranger to enormous lobsters. In the 1980s, a 35-lb. creature named Lobzilla took up residence there.
In recent years, two other memorable 20-plus-pound lobsters have turned up in catches, including Rocky, a 27-lb., 40-in. lobster caught off the coast of Maine in February.
There was also Tiny, a nearly 23-lb. lobster caught off the coast of Nova Scotia in June of 2011.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
[RELATED_TEXT “Can't get enough pet news? See more on PEOPLE Pets
 Blind Sea Lion Doing Well After Getting Shot in Face
 Morrissey Puts on His Thinking Cat – for Homeless Animals” “” ]
"Your morality," thundersqueaked Nicola Sturgeon at the recent SNP conference in Aberdeen, "is not our morality." She was talking about the Tories, but as in the much flaunted myth of "civic nationalism", there was an ethnic tinge lurking beneath the rhetoric – just as it's open season on "Old Etonian toffs" on the grouse moors of Govan, while the former pupils of Loretto, Glenalmond, Fettes, George Watson's and Merchiston stalk the deer forests of Holyrood in lordly fashion. They're not like "us", "down there".
"Civic nationalism" is the buzzphrase used by the separatist camp to deflect any hint of comparison with the kind of nationalism that led to bloody mayhem in the Balkans. Or, even more inflammatory, any reminder of the SNP's flirtations with fascism in the 1930s, courtesy of such figures as barrister Andrew Dewar Gibb and the poets Douglas Young and Hugh MacDiarmid. Civic nationalism defines a community not by its borders or ethnicity, but by a shared set of political values, and the shared democratic visions of its people. Sort of like, well, Britain.
But for Sturgeon, the sharing of those values stops 10 miles north of Carlisle. Carlisle, with its English Street, its Botchergate, its quaint 440-year-old law that demands the whipping of any Scotsman "found wandering". Carlisle, "down there".
I write from Shetland, where "down there" can mean John O'Groats. Where "us" does not reach further than Sumburgh Head. Where one local crofter, asked about Scottish independence, allegedly replied: "Well, in London they don't care about us. But in Edinburgh, they hate us."
I am not a Shetlander, having spent most of my life in west central Scotland, and I have an affection for Disneyburgh that extends beyond its nae-knickers poshness and self-satisfied capital cool. But I can't see why folk from Auld Reekie, Glasgow, that Dear Green Place or any other part of Scotland should be perceived as being somehow morally better, more enlightened, even more leftwing than those across that invisible border.
Much is made, in separatist circles, of the fact that Scotland labours under the yoke of a government it did not vote for. Scotland, they say, has but a single Conservative MP and is a repository of equality, loving kindness and a fervour for linked-arm semi-socialism. Those bastards in Carlisle, Durham, Newcastle and suchlike Tory hotbeds: they did this to us. May they rot in hell with that Maria Swiller and her horrid ilk.
A wee look at history reveals a rather different story. A fascinating analysis by Graham Cowie, a public law postgraduate at Glasgow University (and avowed Liberal Democrat), of the Westminster vote in Britain since the second world war reveals the following: Scotland has voted for a Labour government at Westminster in every election since 1945, except for 1951 and 1955. Which means that between 1997 and 2010, the government was one a majority of Scots voted for. But in 1951 the vote was tied at 37 seats to Labour and 37 to the Conservative and Unionist party, with one Liberal. A tie. And in 1955 Scotland voted for a Tory government. The year I was born.
Since the war, Scotland's voters have failed to get their government of choice for a total of 34 years and 10 months. But for the Welsh it's 39 years and three months. Northern Ireland? Fifty-two years and four months.
And as for the English? Well, there's a lot of "them" "down there". For 10 years and seven months since the war, including the current Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition, the UK government has not been the one that England voted for.
So it's complicated. It's statistics. But that's first-past-the-post democracy. As for Scotland, when we look at votes, how representative is the SNP administration at Holyrood? There's an overall majority, but they achieved 45% of the constituency vote and 44% on the regional lists. On a 50% turnout. Less than half of half the electorate. That's not "most Scots". It's not "us". It's not me.
Here's a thing: I'm from Carlisle. On 31 December 1955, Hogmanay, my Scots-born parents were in the city. Living there, indeed, not on some desperate antepartum race for the border. They were back in Glasgow within months, but my birth certificate is English, red-on-cream, and one flourish of it should prevent any horsewhipping incidents. I keep it handy just in case.
Maybe that's why I hate borders. Why I believe in solidarity with those strange folk who dwell "down there", who wish to work together for a fairer, more equal society. And why I despise the way issues of health, childcare, justice, fairness, poverty and unemployment have been reduced to nothing more than a line in the land.
• This article was amended on 24 April 2014 to correct a detail of a quote by Nicola Sturgeon.
Article by Davide Cantelmo, video by Davide Cantelmo & Francesco de Vito
“We want to take over the banks.” It's a tall order, but Monzo's founder and chief executive Tom Blomfield has big plans for his mobile application and believes they could actually replace big banks.
The company believes in the power of the smartphone and aims at the simplicity of popular apps such as Amazon and Uber, and wants to become the Google or Facebook of the banking sector
Monzo is Tom Blomfield's baby, born only a couple of years ago in the streets of Shoreditch. In full “Silicon Valley–Old Street–Roundabout–style”, Monzo's headquarters, (the company's previous name was Mondo, later changed because of copyright infringements) located in Epworth Street, is a European version of what you may find in California, in the early stages of any given start-up.
White reclining tables with MacBooks scattered all over the place are the main attraction as we walk inside the HQ. “Our team actually tripled in the last year,” Tom says as we tour the office. “Less than twelve months ago, there was only twenty of us.”
Dozens of computer programmers stretch their fingers across keyboards, their heads across monitors and, more often than not, cups of coffee rule the desks, but there is a calm vibe around the office.
As we sit down in a conference room Blomfield makes clear for us, we start chatting with him about the achievements the company has made in recent months.
For years, ordinary banking systems have seemed to work just fine. But in the era of smartphones and smartwatches the ordinary doesn't simply seem to be enough anymore. That's where Monzo comes along.
“The kind of experience that those [old-system] banks deliver with mobile does not really seem to improve or change or keep up with modern technology,” he says as we switch on the camera.
“In a world where you have Uber and you click a single button and the car turns up,” he continues, “I don't understand why the experience of a banking app is not like the experience of Amazon, Facebook or Whatsapp.”
“Why does it not just work?” he says echoing the pain that people suffer every time they check their account on their phone.
Using Monzo is actually a pleasure: the app sends you immediate and responsive notifications every time you pay for something. It also recognises every vendor's logo and puts it right next to each expense, giving you a colourful recap of why your bank account drains so easily in London.
“It should just work with a tap or two, instead with my bank it takes two days,” he says.
The app is lightweight and has a built-in budget system that should help you make the most of your funds while still saving some money.
Right outside the conference room there is an antechamber where a group of roughly twelve people are sitting around a table just packing envelopes and licking on the glue to seal them.
It reminded me of some sort of Chocolate Factory where everyone carries out tasks like sending out orange-highlighter debit cards in smart, elegant navy blue envelopes.
When asked about how he ended up basing the app's experience on such simplicity, Tom answers: “I think we are simply taking lessons of consumer Internet and trying to apply them into bank accounts.”
“Where do I see Monzo in twenty years?” he repeats surprised as I ask the question; he looked like he never thought about that particular question.
“We are trying to build a financial control centre ideally for everyone in the world,” he says.
“We started in London and we now have about 130.000 users and we would really like to provide this kind of control centre for billions of people around the world. Not necessarily acting as full bank, we don't want to offer Monzo mortgages or Monzo credit cards or being the management interface between you and your money.”
Does he expect people to keep using Monzo as primary method for spending but backed up by traditional banking systems? “No, It's just the other way around, I guess. You might have your saving accounts, your stocks and shares, mortgages, pensions managed by Monzo interfaces. You can visualise and control all your finances in one place.”
“I'm so sorry,” he apologises again as his phone keeps buzzing, “but it is a very busy time in here: we are moving office and there will be a lot of new features in the months to come.”
“Why is it not immediate?” As we keep talking, our curiosity shifts towards the future of the company. Doing a bit of research about the startup it is clear how Monzo has intentions to become a full-fledged operative bank, with international accessibility.
We ask Tom at what stage of Monzo's roadmap we are right now and he says that they are focused on the UK at the moment.
“Long term, we would love to offer our services to everyone in the world. Today, we are a prepaid card in the UK and we are looking forward to launching our current accounts over summer really,” he says.
So, what will change for the user experience? “Everyone is getting an account number and a sort-code,” he says. “You'll be able to pay your pills, to get your salary, your student loan or whatever it is paid into your account and so you'll be able to use and to manage all your day-to-day finances.”
Such move could truly pose a threat to the current banks, it seems Monzo will be capable of replacing the traditional banking systems?
As we ask more questions, Blomfield's answers start shorten as he becomes more protective of the company's longer-term commercial plans.
“It certainly takes and replicates more of their products,” Tom eventually admits. “The aim is surely to replace those banks,” he says.
Our conversation returns to more immediate concerns, especially that mainstream (but needed) question.
Have any of your goals been obstructed by Brexit? “Yeah,” he tells us. “Not defeated but certainly delayed.”
Blomfield explains that right now UK banking licenses can operate right across Europe. Once Britain leaves the European Union, it's conceivable that those licences will stop working across Europe and will be limited to the UK only, until alternative agreements are put in place.
“We will probably have to open a second office somewhere like Dublin, Paris or Rome to get a second license to operate across Europe,” he concludes.
He sits comfortable in the wooden chair and table in the conference room. All around him, stickers and posters of the company showing the branding in every possible variation of form and colour.
On the wall behind him, screenshots of the app and its settings are hanging with adhesive tape. A large monitor connected to an Apple TV shines bright on one side of the room.
Surrounded by Apple products, we ask about how much Monzo owes to modern technologies and companies in terms of providing the infrastructure?”
“I think the smartphone has changed the world, the same way the Internet did.
“The smartphone arguably has had a similar level of impact. The internet lets you transfer data around the world for free. But smartphone takes off the desk and put into pocket or ear. I think it enables a different interaction paradigm. Companies like Google and Apple have moved on consumer internet in another generation,” he continues.
As Apple in 2007 totally disrupted the entire phone industry, does Blomfield truly believe Monzo has a shot of doing the same in personal finance?
“Yes, If we are successful. I think it might work like the analogies between feature phone and smartphone. Whenever we had an old phone, we said ‘it makes calls', ‘it sends texts and the battery lasts seven days'. ‘Why would I want a different phone?', it was perfect like that,” he says.
“Monzo could be that generational shift from feature phone to smartphone.”
“Then, Steve Jobs comes along and says there is whole category of other problems that a phone can solve for you, not only calls and messages but they create entire industries. UBER was created by the smartphone as well as Amazon Prime and Deliveroo. All these things were enabled by the smartphone.”
“What we want to do is similar to banks,” he says. Until now, everyone gets their bank accounts and they make payments, they paid their bills and have their card. “This is a bank, why would I want anything different? It works fine… right?!”
“What we are trying to say that there is a whole category of other problems that your bank could solve for you. They might be help you budget, save money or switch your electricity, car, insurance or gas. It might be collecting cashbacks or redeeming offers from supermarket or other things you like. This is not exactly what today's banks do right now,” he concludes.
According to Blomfield, Monzo could be that generational shift from feature phone to smartphone, time will tell whether he's right or not.
Featured image by Monzo Press Kit
With the Supreme Court set to rule on the constitutionality of same-sex marriage bans this June, a specter is haunting social conservatives -- the specter of a country in which committed same-sex couples can wed, regardless of where in the U.S. they live. But former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee has a simple solution: Should the Court rule in favor of marriage equality, states should simply ignore the ruling and continue to practice marriage discrimination.
The Southern Baptist preacher and potential 2016 GOP presidential contender told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt on Tuesday that a High Court ruling for same-sex marriage would not make marriage equality the "law of the land," as "one branch of government does not overrule the other two."
Advertisement:
"One thing I am angry about though ... is this notion of judicial supremacy, where if the court makes a decision, I hear governors and even some aspirants to the presidency say, 'Well that's settled, it's the law of the land.' No, it's not the law of the land," Huckabee told Hewitt.
"Constitutionally," he continued, "the courts cannot make a law, they can interpret one and then the legislature has to create enabling legislation and the executive has to sign it and has to enforce it."
In urging states to continue enforcing marriage discrimination should the Court strike down bans, Huckabee echoes longtime Virginia Sen. Harry Byrd, who in the wake of the Court's 1954 Brown v. Board of Education ruling advocated that states and localities should wage " massive resistance " in order to prevent the integration of public schools. Virginia lawmakers heeded Byrd's advice, passing legislation that denied state funding and closed integrated schools.
The last month has been big for Pokémon fans: announcements of Ultra Sun and Moon, confirmation of a mainline Pokémon game coming to the Switch, the North American championships this past weekend, and the upcoming anniversary of Pokémon Go. While it was one of the hottest games in 2016, I was concerned with the staying power of Pokémon Go. Niantic has been hard at work keeping it in the spotlight and keeping trainers happy. If the arrival of nice weather has you out there trying to catch 'em all again, here's what you may have missed over the past year.
Generation II and More Ways To Get Resources
One of the more common questions from players was when we would be able to catch Gen II Pokémon. That time came back in February with the addition of over 80 new Pokémon to catch, evolve, and train. Gen II includes not only a slew of brand-new Pokémon but also new evolutions of existing Pokémon like Scizor, Crobat, and Pichu. The update also included evolution items like Metal Coats and Sun Stones for certain Pokémon, meaning your evolution could be delayed until a Pokestop coughs up the item you are waiting for. All in all, the world of Pokémon Go is now packed with even more Pokémon to find.
There are also a handful of additional ways to gather resources aside from visiting Pokestops and spending money in the shop. Daily streaks give you bonus items, stardust, and more for your first catch and Pokestop visit of the day. You'll receive more candy for catching evolved forms of Pokémon, five for second forms and ten for third forms as opposed to three for base forms, giving you an incentive to try and wrangle in harder to catch Pokémon. The buddy system lets you tag a Pokémon as your buddy who walks with you and “finds” candy every X kilometers. It's an easy way to get candy for Pokémon that aren't prevalent in your region or to get the last few candies you need to trigger an evolution.
Gyms Have Been Reworked
Gym battles sounded so promising at first — holding an area for your team and showing off your strong Pokémon while getting coins to do so. Unfortunately, the gym system soon broke down into impenetrable walls of 10 Pokémon each at 2000CP or more. The recent gym overhaul changes all of that with a couple of key tweaks.
Each Pokémon in a gym has a motivation meter, shown by the heart above, that depletes both over time and after losing battles. Lower motivation means lower CP and once a Pokémon's motivation drops to zero it's kicked out of the gym. This change along with the reduction in gym size from 10 Pokémon to six and only allowing one of any given Pokémon in a single gym makes gym battles approachable again. The days of three Snorlaxes and two Dragonites clogging up a gym are over. The motivation system gives players a reason to approach gyms owned by their team even if it is full, too. Feeding friendly Pokémon berries will not only increase their motivation and CP but give you stardust in return. On top of that, all gyms now double as Pokestops.
Team Up With Other Trainers In Raid Battles
Raids are a new type of battle added with the gym overhaul update. In a raid, teams of up to 20 trainers battle single Pokémon with enormous CP values for a chance at not only unique items like Rare Candies and TMs but also catching the Pokémon that was defeated. Gyms have a chance to turn into raids denoted by an egg on top of the gym with a countdown timer. After the egg hatches and shows the Pokémon to come, players have an hour to group up and prepare for battle. Raid battles last for five minutes and follow the standard tap-and-swipe system just with a much larger player pool than normal.
If your team is able to down the massive CP Pokémon (full list here), you'll have a chance to catch a more normal-sized version of that Pokémon with special Premier Balls earned based on your performance in battle. Running out of Premier Balls causes the Pokémon to run, so throw carefully!
Raids are another good way to play Pokémon Go with your friends. One of my favorite memories of playing early on is when about 20 people were all trying to catch a Dragonair at a local park. Raid battles are a great way to create more opportunities for large group play. I haven't been able to participate in a raid yet as the level requirement, which is now just five, was lowered from 25 only a few days ago. I do look forward to putting my best Pokémon up to the test, though.
Other News and Notes
I've gone over the biggest changes in Pokémon Go's first year but Niantic has been busy with frequent updates. Some other highlights that you may have missed depending on when you last played:
Team leaders can appraise your caught Pokémon to ballpark their IVs and stat potential.
Gym sniping has been stopped by only allowing the player who finished the gym to enter that gym for a short time.
The nearby feature actually works again! A small picture of a nearby building or landmark shows where a Pokémon can be found.
Multiple Pokémon can be transferred at a time for quicker roster cleanup.
Each of these updates has been a positive one and I'll be playing more Pokémon Go now that the weather has made a turn for the better. I've already played more in the past week than I did in the six or so months prior. Being able to catch more Pokémon, gather more resources, and take down gyms more easily has made playing Pokémon Go more approachable for the less intense player. I'm still waiting to see how legendary Pokémon and trading, two things Niantic said were in the pipeline months ago, will play out.
Millions of players continue to play Pokémon Go and I count myself among them again. Have you continued playing since launch? Will you jump back in now? Let me know in the comments section below!
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
VAN WERT, Ohio — A spokesman for the state Emergency Management Agency says damage was reported at a mobile home park and other sites across four northwest Ohio counties after storms that spurred multiple twisters in Indiana moved across the state line.
Spokesman Jay Carey said Wednesday night that there was damage in Defiance, Henry, Paulding and Van Wert counties. Carey says one minor injury was reported.
Video of one large tornado was reportedly captured in the Paulding County area of Northwest Ohio and posted to YouTube by Live Storms Media.
**Warning: Some of the language used in the video may be considered graphic**
The post states:
"INTENSE footage of a LARGE Wedge Tornado destroying rural areas of northwest Ohio! Homes and barns were hit, the debris field was extensive flying all around this tornado. An absolute monster!"
The Defiance County Emergency Management Agency says the area around a mobile home park in the county sustained the most damage. Roads around it were blocked off.
Officials in Van Wert County say at least two tornadoes touched down about 2 miles apart. Roofs were blown off homes and barns were destroyed.
There were reports of downed trees and power lines around the area.
Meanwhile in Indiana, three tornadoes touched down Wednesday afternoon, damaging numerous structures in Kokomo and leaving 15-20 people injured, authorities said.
The Indiana State Police said the injuries occurred in Kokomo and rural Howard Country.
"All of the reported injuries are considered minor at this time," the state police said. "Most of the injuries were the result of flying debris. There are no reported deaths."
Kokomo Mayor Greg Goodnight said the storm caused "pretty severe property damage" and downed many trees.
"I am in a residential neighborhood and there is a lot of roof damage, windows out, a roof completely taken off the home, power out," he said. "It is pretty substantial. I have seen damage to about 50 homes so far. We are still looking at the damage."
A temporary state of emergency was declared in Howard County and Kokomo, meaning all roads are closed except for public safety and emergency vehicles.
Power was knocked out across the region, with Duke Energy reporting 29,000 outages and IPL reporting 7,500, said CNN affiliate WISH.
Republican vice presidential candidate and Indiana Gov. Mike Pence left the campaign trail and returned home, arriving Wednesday night in Indianapolis and visiting an emergency operations center.
"So, we're headed home and we're going to be home so long as it takes for us to make sure these communities have the resources and the support they need to put themselves back together after these very violent storms," he told reporters.
Continuing coverage here.
India is famed for its tea.
But in a cluttered commercial market, with hundreds of producers, how does one label make it through the strainer of brand awareness and into the consumer's cup?
That was the challenge for the team at Fisheye Creative Solutions in Bengaluru.
Their job: to come up with an advertisement to promote the Kolkata tea company, Te-A-Me.
As the deadline approached, the team still didn't have a solid idea. “It was a moment of sheer panic,” Fisheye's creative head, Orko Basu said.
Fear spawned inspiration. “We came up with this pretty outrageous idea of sending tea to a US presidential candidate and the minute we suggested it we looked at each other and thought it might be worth a shot,” he said.
First Mr Basu had to pitch the idea to Te-A-Me.
“I don't think I've ever met a client who would have gone ahead with doing something as audacious as this,” he said.
Next came the challenge of shooting the film.
“There were Secret Service crawling all over Trump Tower and we were non-white people rolling this big box down 5th Avenue towards what is probably the most guarded place in New York City at the moment so it really got hairy for a bit,” he said.
In the advertisement, an Indian woman appears on a billboard looking down on the scene as a huge box of tea is being pushed towards Trump Tower.
“Dear Mr Trump, Namaste from India,” she says.
“We're sending you lots and lots of natural green tea. It fights against harmful free radicals, it helps purify mind and body and regain a healthy balance. It's also proven to make people smarter.”
The two-minute advertisement has gone viral since it was uploaded in mid-July. Mr Basu says there have been two million views in India and another million in other parts of the world.
The advertisement gently mocks Mr Trump, but what do people in India actually think of the Republican presidential candidate?
Many of the country's 1.2 billion people have never heard of Mr Trump, but he is being talked about among the educated middle class and he's recently featured on the cover of two English-language magazines.
Related reading Clinton, Trump take fight to battleground states
Times of India columnist, Aaker Patel believes the majority of those who know about Mr Trump like what they see.
Mr Patel says India's majority Hindu population fears Islamist terror and Mr Trump has tapped into that fear with his anti-Muslim rhetoric.
“They would like Mr Trump for his views on keeping Muslims out of the United States, for making terrorism a much bigger issue than it is for the average person and for building walls and fences that keep neighbours out,” he said.
Mr Patel says many Indians also like the ‘strong man' image that the Republican candidate projects.
“We've had a very serious problem with corruption at high levels and the idea that somebody is his own man, has a lot of money and therefore might not indulge in corruption is an idea that many would find favour with,” he said.
But for India's information technology sector there's genuine concern about a potential Trump presidency.
India's big IT companies like Infosys and Wipro depend on special work permits, known as H1-B visas, to send their employees to subsidiary companies in the United States.
There are already politicians in the US who would like to scrap the visas and Mr Trump has indicated he may do just that.
“It's his mindset that bothers me,” Professor Rupa Chanda from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore said.
“I don't believe everything he says, but this sort of sentiment that he has, slapping restrictions on immigration, putting up high tariffs, it harks back to the Great Depression days.
“It may not be said that this is being targeted at Indian companies, but Indian companies will feel the heat of these things.”
As the world watches the two US presidential candidates battling it out to be the most powerful person on the planet, one question remains unanswered. Is Mr Trump drinking the green tea?
“I don't know,” laughs Mr Basu of Fisheye Creative Solutions. “I hope he does, but we have not heard from him or his office.”
InsidiA Profile Blog Joined August 2011 Canada 1167 Posts Last Edited: 2014-05-07 16:20:29 #1
Today we are proud to announce North America's newest StarCraft 2 organization, Solaris Gaming. Solaris prides itself at developing and marketing our players above all else while also building strong connections with the StarCraft community.
From day one we will try to develop a strong bond with the community through written content, video guides, regular streaming and whatever else the community would like to see out of us. We hope to be a team that everyone can benefit from and we'll try our best to achieve just that.
Jason Pun
Owner
+ Show Spoiler +
Graphic Designer for Red Bull eSports, Titan eSports, Exertus eSports
Skype: Jason.pun1
E-Mail: jayson.pun@gmail.com
Felix Jedelhauser
Player Manager
+ Show Spoiler +
Currently Team MVP's Manager
E-Mail: felix_jedelhauser@web.de
James Banks
Marketing Director
+ Show Spoiler +
Incredible Miracle Global PR Manager, Owner and founder of BanKs eSports and CS:GO United and previously working on Definitive-eSports, StarTale and UpCloseGamers
E-Mail: james@banksesports.co.uk
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Solaris-Gaming.com
A message from the owner:
Hey guys! I know what you're all thinking, another new North American team that seems shady, that will soon be shrouded in controversy before going under shortly after. I'd like to first introduce myself, my name is Jason Pun and I go by the handle InsidiA. Up to this point I've been mainly doing graphic design in eSports. Currently, I work for Red Bull eSports, Titan eSports, Exertus eSports and have worked for companies such as Copenhagen Wolves, Dignitas, Clarity Gaming and a host of others. So this is where the money is coming from, I have a steady salary from the teams above and also do loads of freelance work.
Solaris Gaming is a team I started because I realized after talking to several players that North American teams don't do the two things that they ultimately should be designed to do, help players get better at the game and help market them. So with that in mind, I decided to start this team in order to help players I believed were at the top tier of North American talent and help create an environment that does that for them.
Hopefully that clears up some things about the team and where the money is coming from. I'm only 18, so I can understand the skepticism but I have a great staff and have good relative experience working in eSports. I hope you will support this project and help grow the North American StarCraft 2 Scene.
- Jason
Stay tuned as we'll have plenty of content in the coming days!
Today we are proud to announce North America's newest StarCraft 2 organization, Solaris Gaming. Solaris prides itself at developing and marketing our players above all else while also building strong connections with the StarCraft community.From day one we will try to develop a strong bond with the community through written content, video guides, regular streaming and whatever else the community would like to see out of us. We hope to be a team that everyone can benefit from and we'll try our best to achieve just that.A message from the owner:Stay tuned as we'll have plenty of content in the coming days!
Graphics InsidiA | StarCraft 2 Manager for Team eLevate | Graphic Designer for Red Bull eSports & HTC | @iamjasonpun
Salient Profile Joined August 2011 United States 876 Posts #2 I hope you are realistic about financial issues. Too many teams are not. Players need reliable income. They can't live on dreams alone.
Yorkie Profile Blog Joined December 2012 United States 12126 Posts #3 Team NA zerg! Good luck! Hwang Kang Hooooooooooo. Follow mah boy Shellshock @Shellshock1122
PeterDLai Profile Blog Joined June 2003 924 Posts #4 2014 Year of Guitarcheese ♡ 渡辺美優紀 ♡ 재이 ♡ 권유리 ♡
nkr Profile Blog Joined November 2010 Sweden 5424 Posts #5 well the managers seem to have experience and the owner can draw nice things, winning concept ESPORTS ILLUMINATI
FosTA Profile Joined June 2012 Canada 152 Posts #6 <3 Congrats Jason! Nice to see your roster FosTA | LgN - Pulse - LYGF - MgZ - Exist |StarCraft Manager
InsidiA Profile Blog Joined August 2011 Canada 1167 Posts #7 On May 08 2014 01:16 nkr wrote:
well the managers seem to have experience and the owner can draw nice things, winning concept
Thank you for complimenting my drawing abilities Thank you for complimenting my drawing abilities Graphics InsidiA | StarCraft 2 Manager for Team eLevate | Graphic Designer for Red Bull eSports & HTC | @iamjasonpun
JBanKs Profile Joined April 2010 United Kingdom 615 Posts #8 Very excited to get involved with this project, having mainly focused on Europe and Korea this will be my first venture in NA! Ex-StarTale manager // @BanKseSports on Twitter
intense555 Profile Blog Joined February 2011 United States 472 Posts #9 Solid Terran line- up. Aspiring Starcraft 2 pro for @mYinsanityEU, follow me on Twitter @mYintenseSC
Holytornados Profile Joined November 2011 United States 985 Posts #10 Nice to see an American team owner with a bit of experience in eSports before starting a team, instead of business experience in another field. If you can market your players like you intend to, you will probably be able to find some sponsorship.
Love to see NA players getting recognized. Hopefully you guys can build in skill and make some strong showings. CLG/Liquid ~~ youtube.com/reddedgaming
MyaurA Profile Joined October 2013 United States 24 Posts #11 Love you Padre :D stratyk.net
InsidiA Profile Blog Joined August 2011 Canada 1167 Posts #12 On May 08 2014 01:32 Holytornados wrote:
Nice to see an American team owner with a bit of experience in eSports before starting a team, instead of business experience in another field. If you can market your players like you intend to, you will probably be able to find some sponsorship.
Love to see NA players getting recognized. Hopefully you guys can build in skill and make some strong showings.
Thanks man! I'm Canadian btw :D Thanks man! I'm Canadian btw :D Graphics InsidiA | StarCraft 2 Manager for Team eLevate | Graphic Designer for Red Bull eSports & HTC | @iamjasonpun
EJK Profile Blog Joined September 2013 United States 1285 Posts #13 On May 08 2014 01:26 InsidiA wrote:
Show nested quote +
On May 08 2014 01:16 nkr wrote:
well the managers seem to have experience and the owner can draw nice things, winning concept
Thank you for complimenting my drawing abilities Thank you for complimenting my drawing abilities
you got
seems like you guys got a strong connection to both MVP and IM AND redbull, nice you gotseems like you guys got a strong connection to both MVP and IM AND redbull, nice Sc2 Terran Coach, top 16GM NA - interested in coaching? Message me on teamliquid!
AlternativeEgo Profile Joined August 2011 Sweden 17294 Posts #14 On May 08 2014 01:37 InsidiA wrote:
Show nested quote +
On May 08 2014 01:32 Holytornados wrote:
Nice to see an American team owner with a bit of experience in eSports before starting a team, instead of business experience in another field. If you can market your players like you intend to, you will probably be able to find some sponsorship.
Love to see NA players getting recognized. Hopefully you guys can build in skill and make some strong showings.
Thanks man! I'm Canadian btw :D Thanks man! I'm Canadian btw :D
Do you ride snowmobile and is it a Polaris if so? Do you ride snowmobile and is it a Polaris if so? Mark Munoz looks like Gretorp
Tuczniak Profile Joined September 2010 1560 Posts #15 They should get Solar on.
InsidiA Profile Blog Joined August 2011 Canada 1167 Posts #16 On May 08 2014 01:41 AlternativeEgo wrote:
Show nested quote +
On May 08 2014 01:37 InsidiA wrote:
On May 08 2014 01:32 Holytornados wrote:
Nice to see an American team owner with a bit of experience in eSports before starting a team, instead of business experience in another field. If you can market your players like you intend to, you will probably be able to find some sponsorship.
Love to see NA players getting recognized. Hopefully you guys can build in skill and make some strong showings.
Thanks man! I'm Canadian btw :D Thanks man! I'm Canadian btw :D
Do you ride snowmobile and is it a Polaris if so? Do you ride snowmobile and is it a Polaris if so?
Unfortunately, I am not that hardcore. Unfortunately, I am not that hardcore. Graphics InsidiA | StarCraft 2 Manager for Team eLevate | Graphic Designer for Red Bull eSports & HTC | @iamjasonpun
feardragon Profile Blog Joined October 2010 United States 864 Posts #17 You guys have some pretty solid players. Best of luck to the team! Garbage Starcraft 2 Commentator
Circumstance Profile Blog Joined March 2014 United States 11012 Posts #18 So, do you plan on this team only being funded by your income, or are you currently seeking sponsors? The world is better when every background has a chance.
InsidiA Profile Blog Joined August 2011 Canada 1167 Posts #19 On May 08 2014 01:54 Circumstance wrote:
So, do you plan on this team only being funded by your income, or are you currently seeking sponsors?
Obviously we are seeking sponsorships but it is hard to obtain them without any numbers to give them. Hopefully in the coming weeks we can announce some sponsorships. Obviously we are seeking sponsorships but it is hard to obtain them without any numbers to give them. Hopefully in the coming weeks we can announce some sponsorships. Graphics InsidiA | StarCraft 2 Manager for Team eLevate | Graphic Designer for Red Bull eSports & HTC | @iamjasonpun
JBanKs Profile Joined April 2010 United Kingdom 615 Posts #20 On May 08 2014 01:54 Circumstance wrote:
So, do you plan on this team only being funded by your income, or are you currently seeking sponsors?
We are/will be looking for sponsors but these things take time and we got something to prove! Watch this space. We are/will be looking for sponsors but these things take time and we got something to prove!Watch this space. Ex-StarTale manager // @BanKseSports on Twitter
1 2 3 Next All
Scientists are on the trail of a potential antidote for carbon monoxide poisoning, an injected "scavenger" that promises to trap and remove the gas from blood within minutes. It's very early-stage research — but a reminder that, however it turns out, there are steps people should take now to protect themselves from this silent killer.
We can't see or smell carbon monoxide as it builds up from car exhaust, a faulty furnace or some other cause. It elbows oxygen out of red blood cells and thus starves the brain and other tissues. Today's only treatment is to get that oxygen replaced in time.
We have antidotes for cyanide poisoning, for snakebite, but we don't have antidotes for carbon monoxide poisoning, and it's the most common poisoning. - Dr. Mark Gladwin, University of Pittsburgh researcher
"We have antidotes for cyanide poisoning, for snakebite, but we don't have antidotes for carbon monoxide poisoning, and it's the most common poisoning," said Dr. Mark Gladwin of the University of Pittsburgh, who is leading new research to develop one.
His team has engineered a protein that can selectively target carbon monoxide, rapidly binding to it so it can't attach instead to the hemoglobin in red blood cells. The compound saved mice from otherwise lethal doses of carbon monoxide, Gladwin reported Wednesday in the journal Science Translational Medicine.
More research is needed before the approach could be tried in people. Here are some things to know about the work and how to prevent carbon monoxide exposure in the first place — such as by installing an alarm that warns when the gas is around.
Children especially are vulnerable to carbon monoxide poisoning, and those who survivors often suffer lasting neurological problems. (CBC)
Far too common
This colourless, odourless gas is a leading cause of poisoning deaths worldwide. In the U.S. alone, accidental carbon monoxide poisonings that aren't linked to fires cause more than 20,000 emergency room visits a year, and more than 400 people die, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Children especially are vulnerable, and survivors often suffer lasting neurological problems.
Carbon monoxide is produced when fuel is burned. And while it can be a cause of death during fires, other preventable accidents occur when fumes produced by cars, portable generators, gas stoves or heaters, and other sources build up in enclosed spaces. Winter is a particularly risky time.
Symptoms are vague
Symptoms include headache, dizziness, weakness, nausea, vomiting, chest pain or confusion — signs to get into fresh air and seek help.
How it harms
Hemoglobin carries oxygen in red blood cells. Carbon monoxide sticks to hemoglobin better than oxygen does. So when someone breathes carbon monoxide, that gas replaces oxygen in the bloodstream.
Providing direct oxygen to flush out the toxin can work, depending on how quickly it's started and how severe the poisoning. But there is no true antidote, a compound designed to directly target the carbon monoxide and give oxygen therapy a better chance.
Scavenging the poison
Gladwin's team started with a hemoglobin-like protein found in the brain called neuroglobin, and genetically engineered it to snatch up carbon monoxide. This artificial neuroglobin binds to carbon monoxide about 500 times more tightly than the gas normally can attach to hemoglobin.
In lab tests using human red blood cells, the researchers reported the antidote eliminated carbon monoxide many times more rapidly than oxygen, as measured by what's called its half-life — the time it takes for half of it to disappear.
That translated into survival for seven of eight mice exposed to usually lethal carbon monoxide doses. Researchers gave additional mice lower doses of carbon monoxide, and measured as the antidote restored blood pressure and improved oxygen levels before being excreted in urine.
What's next
Mouse studies are very preliminary so more research is needed to be sure the approach is safe before scientists could test if it works in people.
But there's a need for a quick-to-administer antidote, such as by a paramedic on the scene, said resuscitation specialist Dr. Lance Becker, emergency medicine chairman at Hofstra Northwell School of Medicine, who wasn't involved with the new research.
"I'm cautiously very optimistic," Becker said. "It's very early but this is a very novel sort of approach," and a logical one, he added.
He's seen carbon monoxide's devastation too often, including "one of the most upsetting nights of my career" when a family was poisoned while sleeping in their car on a wintry night. Doctors saved the parents but couldn't revive their children.
Precautions to take
Here are some of the CDC's carbon monoxide safety tips:
NEW YORK (MarketWatch) -- The notion of a liberal media is a myth.
For decades, people (read: disgruntled and opportunistic conservatives) have charged that the media are biased to the left.
Sorry, but I'm not buying it.
Consider these recent examples:
-- Former George W. Bush spokesman Scott McClellan might have been surprised by the hostility from liberals who resented his kiss-and-tell book about Bush's missteps and arrogance. I don't have any particular affinity for Bush's policies, but I can recognize a weasel in McClellan.
-- When the New York Times NYT, -0.06% published a questionable story about Sen. John McCain, liberals were among the paper's most vocal critics.
The Times story hinted that McCain might have had an inappropriate relationship with a female lobbyist, a charge that has so far proved baseless and was unsubstantiated in the piece. My Feb. 22 column said: "The New York Times reads like a gossip sheet."
-- Sen. Barack Obama, the presumptive Democratic nominee, got no love from the (liberal) media when his advisor James Johnson, who had the task of helping Obama pick a running mate, was forced to resign. Questions had surfaced about his ethics. Some supposedly loyal Obama journalists let him have it for a big misstep.
And Bill Clinton, the darling of the left, accused the media of favoring Obama over his wife, Sen. Hillary Clinton. Did Obama out-liberal the Clintons?
Prominent role
Naturally, the media will figure prominently in the upcoming battle for the White House.
People will accuse us of being too tough on McCain, too easy on Obama or vice versa. They'll say our liberal bias is showing through -- and that conservative publishers are seizing control of the news pages as a way to further their own economic interests. (Granted, Eric Alterman covered this turf in his book: "What liberal media? The Truth about Bias and the News." Visit the Web site.)
Greg Mitchell, editor of Editor & Publisher, noted in an email: "The problem, right off the bat, is still: What does one mean by 'liberal' and what is covered by 'media'? With the explosion of the Web and popularity of blogs, it's hard to talk about 'media' in the same way."
Mitchell is also the author of "So Wrong for So Long," which discusses how the media mishandled coverage of the Iraq invasion.
He pointed out: "Related to that is the ever-growing and troubling partisan split, with fewer and fewer people seeking out relatively objective outlets and instead looking more for opinion, left or right, they agree with and can swallow without thinking."
I asked Salon Editor Joan Walsh whether the media would favor Obama over McCain.
Walsh replied, "Reporters love John McCain, so their hearts will be torn. And second, I think Obama is no longer the fresh, new face in politics, and you're already seeing more negative stories than you saw during the primary.
"I think already you're seeing more critical coverage in the left-wing media," she continued. "A lot of people sold him as the progressive in the race, largely because of his opposition to the Iraq war back in 2002. But since he moved into general election mode, he's tacked to the center, and I've seen left-wing writers like Naomi Klein and some HuffPo bloggers complaining about his economic advisers, his shifting his stance to be more pro-NAFTA and his overall general tone."
Liberals complaining about Obama?
That can't possibly happen in America in 2008. Don't the media have a liberal bias?
MEDIA WEB QUESTION OF THE DAY: Do you think the media have a liberal bias?
MONDAY REPORT CARD: Tim Russert's death got so much press coverage largely because the Washington media took the story and played it to the hilt. Russert was Their Guy, and the whole world was going to experience the Beltway's grief.
I just wonder though:
a.) Is there any journalist currently working in New York (or anywhere else outside Washington) whose death might command such over-the-top coverage?
b.) How will the media react when the biggest TV news star of them all -- Walter Cronkite -- eventually passes?
READERS RESPOND to my columns about who might succeed Russert on" Meet the Press":
"David Gregory has been my surmise as the best host, though having Brian Williams, whom I never considered because of his weekly job, is even better, if he has time for the show. Gregory has all the skills except Russert's maturity and compelling personality, though Gregory is capable of becoming personable enough to make 'Meet the Press' a welcome Sunday news interview show. I keep thinking there should be someone who will come out of nowhere, perhaps another network, who will seem ideal. Matthews would be terrible. He's a partisan who doesn't do enough homework. he talks to his guests as if they're having a private, off-the-record conversation in which fairness and even respectability are foregone."
-- Dr. Donna Padgett
Media Web appears on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. Feel free to send email to jfriedman@marketwatch.com -- or join the online community of Media Web readers by posting comments directly to the MarketWatch.com site.
The gunman who killed 49 people after opening fire in an Orlando gay club was a homophobe and a racist who was both anti-Semitic and misogynistic according to a former co-worker.
Daniel Gilroy worked with Omar Mateen, the man responsible for Sunday's brutal massacre, at G4S Security in Port St. Lucie, Florida for several months in 2014 and 2015, during which time he observed how 'unhinged' and filled with rage the man was at all times.
Mateen would use 'horrible words' whenever he saw a 'female or black person' according to Gilroy, and on one occasion said 'I would just like to kill all those n******.'
He also frequently launched into tirades against gay people and members of the Jewish faith said Gilroy, and often talked about killing people.
Gilroy eventually complained about Mateen's 'toxic' behavior to his employer but they did nothing to remedy the situation, forcing him to request a transfer so he could get away from his co-worker.
He believes that their employer did nothing because of Mateen's religion, describing the man as a devout Muslim who brought his prayer mat to work every day.
Scroll down for videos
Not surprised: Daniel Gilroy told ABC News that his former colleague was frightening to work with
Place of employment: G4S, a British security services company (Crawley headquarters above), said in a statement that Mateen twice passed a background check when he joined the firm
'He was scary in a concerning way,' Gilroy said in an interview with NBC News.
He did not like women at all. He did like women in a sexual way, but he did not respect them.
'And it wasn't at times. It was all the time. He had anger management issues. Something would set him off, but the things that would set him off were always women, race or religion. [Those were] his button pushers.'
Gilroy added that Mateen always spoke about members of different races, religions or genders in a 'derogatory' manner.
'He did not like black people at all. That was mentioned once or twice, but more so was women,' said Gilroy.
'He did not like women at all. He did like women in a sexual way, but he did not respect them.'
Gilroy worked the community security gate at the PGA Village South in Port St. Lucie for several months in 2014 and 2015, covering the 7am to 3pm shift. Mateen would then take over for him, working from 3pm to 11pm at the resort.
'Everything he said was toxic and the company wouldn't do anything,' Gilroy told Florida Today.
'This guy was unhinged and unstable. He talked of killing people.'
Gilroy said that Mateen also began to stalk him a few months after they started working together, and that he would receive 20 to 30 text messages a day from the man and another 10 to 15 voicemails on his phone.
Mateen (above) killed 49 people in the gay club Pulse and injured 53 others before being shot dead
Those messages, coupled with Mateen's behavior and beliefs, ultimately led to Gilroy requesting a transfer he revealed as he was unable to continue working with the man.
Gilroy claims that prior to that he voiced his issues with Mateen to their employer on several occasions, but that they refused to do anything about the situation.
He believes that G4S never took action because Mateen was Muslim.
G4S issued a statement on Sunday admitting that Mateen twice passed a background check when he joined the firm in September of 2007 and that he was not fired because the FBI interviewed him about links to Islamic extremism.
They also said that they are now 'cooperating fully with all law enforcement authorities, including the FBI, as they conduct their investigation.'
These damaging revelations come as shares in G4S, which is listed on the London Stock Exchange, lost up to eight percent of their value during trading on Monday.
The world's biggest security company said he worked as a staff member at a gated retirement complex called PGA Village, in Port St Lucie, South Florida.
It is not the first time the FBI is looking into Mateen, who was a 'known quantity' to federal law enforcement officials.
I'm not surprised at what he did. I always knew he had something in him like that. And if I had to pick one person that would be capable of that, it would be him.
In 2013, Mateen was interviewed twice by the FBI after making comments to co-workers that seemed to indicate sympathy for militants according to agent Ronald Hopper.
Cooper called those interviews inconclusive.
Then, in 2014, the FBI discovered a possible tie between Mateen and Moner Mohammad Abusalha, who had grown up in nearby Vero Beach and became the first American suicide bomber in Syria, where he fought with the Nusra Front.
Once again however the FBI closed its inquiry after finding ‘minimal' contact between the pair.
Those two interviews by the FBI and their inquiry into his relationship with Abusalha all occurred in the span of just two years, yet Mateen still managed to keep his security job with G4S.
He was also able to legally purchase the two guns he used in his attack, including an AR-15 semi-automatic rifle which he bought just last week.
Gilroy said he lost contact with Mateen in March of last year when he left PGA South and is not shocked by the news that he killed 49 people and injured 53 at the gay club Pulse in Orlando on Sunday morning before being shot dead by police.
'When I say that he was unstable or unhinged, I mean this is a man who would lose his temper for no reason,' Gilroy said to ABC News.
'He would kick walls, slap desks. I've seen him throw the chair across the room one time.'
Gilroy also admitted he was glad to never see Mateen again.
'I didn't want to be around him anymore,' said Gilroy.
'I'm not surprised at what he did. I always knew he had something in him like that. And if I had to pick one person that would be capable of that, it would be him.'
Gilroy revealed he is now wondering though if he could have done more to have somehow stopped this violent attack.
'I kind of feel a little guilty that I didn't fight harder,' said Gilroy.
'If I didn't walk away and I fought, then maybe 50 people would still be alive today.'
Former love: Sitora Yusufiy (above on Sunday), Mateen's ex-wife, spoke about his violent temper in an interview shortly after the shooting
Rage: Mateen's father, Seddique Mir Mateen (above), said on Sunday that his son was homophobic, recalling an incident that happened years ago in Miami.
Other individuals who were close to Mateen seem to confirm many of the claims being made by Gilroy about the man's behavior.
Mateen's father, Seddique Mir Mateen, said on Sunday that his son was homophobic, recalling an incident that happened years ago in Miami.
'We were in downtown Miami, Bayside, people were playing music. And he saw two men kissing each other in front of his wife and kid, and he got very angry,' said the elder Mateen.
'They were kissing each other and touching each other, and he said: "Look at that. In front of my son, they are doing that."'
He also stated that the brutal massacre committed by hos son had 'nothing to do with religion.'
Sitora Yusufiy, Mateen's ex-wife, spoke about his violent temper in an interview shortly after the shooting.
'He would be perfectly normal and happy, joking, laughing one minute. The next minute his temper ... his body would just [go] totally the opposite,' said Yusufiy, who married Mateen in 2009 and filed for divorce just two years later.
'Anger, emotionally violent - and that later evolved into abuse, to beating.'
Yusuify, who claims she was abused throughout her relationship with Mateen, also said that he was not a stable person.
There are some however who are painting a far different picture of Mateen, with one resident at the PGA Village South saying Mateen was 'always smiling' and 'a very nice, positive person.'
Eleanora Dorsi, who has lived at the resort since 2011, said that Mateen was a gentleman and 'not creepy,' mentioning that he once helped her fix her car when she needed a hand.
'You would never ever think that he would have done anything like this,' said Dorsi.
'Scary, scary. Very scary. I think everyone feels like that right now.
'It hits too close to home.'
A former classmate of Mateen's who is openly gay and knew him before 2009 also said that he regularly interacted with him and other homosexuals and did not seem to have any issue with their sexuality.
He 'treated us all like the individuals we were' said Samuel King.
'He clearly was not anti-(gay) at least not back then. He did not show any hatred to any of us.'
ROCHESTER, NY (March 22, 2017): We caught up with midfielder, Kyle Denhoff over the weekend. We asked Kyle his thoughts on playing for Coach Soudan and playing for the Rochester Rattlers this coming season:
1. What three things do you enjoy most about playing for the Rattlers?
Spending time with the guys on and off the field.
Playing in front of the lacrosse community in my hometown.
Competing for a championship for the city of Rochester.
2. What are your thoughts about the upcoming 2017 season?
I could not be more excited for the upcoming season. We have a talented roster and the best locker room in the league. We feel that we have the pieces to compete for a championship again this season. The core of the team is coming back and a lot of guys will be in the line up week 1. It'll be exciting to have our core early in the season. We miss the NLL guys and wish them the best, but they provide a boost come mid-season.
3. Talk about playing for Head Coach Soudan?
I've learned a lot from the man. Being a former player in this league he has a real understanding of when to come down on guys and when to just let them play. He sets us up in a position to win, but trusts the players to make the plays when needed. We always talk about the locker room, but Coach Soudan really prides himself and the team on our culture. In a professional league, he has been able to lead a group of men to come together each and every weekend to perform no matter what else is going on in life.
4. Talk about playing together with the rest of the offensive unit - Crotty, Wolf, Mac, Jeremy, Ty, etc? What do you enjoy most about playing with those guys?
I believe we have one of the most talented units in the game. Each one of the guys on offense brings a unique skill set to the team. We have diverse talent that allows us to attack teams in different ways. It's no secret that Wolf is the most dangerous player dodging from X in the league, but if a team overcompensates to try and stop the attack we have a two-man game and middies that can run.
It's awesome playing with these guys. I truly believe we make each other better. We are able to get creative on how we are going to put the ball in the back of the net.
5. Talk about the addition of JoJo Marasco and having another key player on the midfield line?
JoJo is a talented player and offers our team another dodging option from up top. The guy can take it to the cage!
Having JoJo on the midfield line will really put pressure on teams to decide how they use their shorties with the number of dodgers on the field. He adds a new dynamic and we're excited to have him.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investors in the Treasury market will begin this week confronting the familiar specter of possible post-disaster selling of U.S. Treasuries by insurers, following the devastating earthquake in Japan on Friday.
But not everyone in the market is convinced that worries over insurer selling are grounded in reality, and analysts pointed to a host of other issues that could drive Treasury price movements in the coming week.
In Japan, worries that insurance companies would need to sell Treasuries to raise cash may give way to a flight to safety into U.S. government bonds if the threat of nuclear meltdown persists.
Prime Minister Naoto Kan described the crisis as Japan's worst since 1945, as officials confirmed that three nuclear reactors were at risk of overheating, raising fears of an uncontrolled radiation leak.
“I would assume repatriation fears may prove the initial motivation, but should the flows not materialize we risk a grinding bid on nuclear accident flight-to-quality jitters as well as the ongoing turmoil in the Middle East,” said Ian Lyngen, a senior government bond strategist at CRT Capital.
The U.S. Federal Open Market Committee will hold a one-day meeting on Tuesday that will be closely watched for signs that the Fed could start to dismantle its “extended period” language, a pledge to keep monetary policy loose for the foreseeable future.
And two U.S. economic data points will offer important indications of current inflation trends, while on Wednesday housing starts data will provide a look at one of the two sectors — housing and employment — that are said to be lagging in the economic recovery.
To start, though, traders will take stock of the latest news from Japan, where authorities were struggling to care for millions of people without power or water, three days after an earthquake and tsunami killed an estimated 10,000 people or more in the country's darkest hour since World War Two.
Still, short of a nuclear disaster, investors will inevitably return to the question of whether insurers will sell Treasury holdings to finance rebuilding.
If they do, some traders expect the government to act through the Bank of Japan to fight the rise in the yen, which could ultimately lead to more foreign buying of Treasuries.
“I think it is positive for Treasuries. The BOJ will not sell Treasuries. That would cause the yen to appreciate,” said Thomas di Galoma, senior managing director at Guggenheim Securities in New York.
“The BOJ is more likely to buy Treasuries to drive the exchange value of the yen down to stimulate the economy and help exports.”
Christian Cooper, head of U.S. dollar derivatives trading at Jefferies & Co in New York, said he expected any Japan-related sell-off to be limited.
“I believe we have reached a critical point where the disaster is so severe the BOJ will engineer liquidity mechanisms that will reduce the likelihood of forced selling in the Treasury market,” Cooper said.
“They will need massive liquidity but won't be forced to sell assets to get it. If anything, I expect slight buying pressure as the market begins to add this to the growing list of items that could reduce growth: Middle East unrest and further periphery deterioration in Europe.”
Milwaukee Alderman Threatens More Rioting If Inequities of Oppressed Community Not Rectified (VIDEO)
Rioters Torched Several Milwaukee Businesses on Saturday Night
The protesters were angry over a recent police involved shooting.
So they torched local businesses and targeted white people in cars.
Milwaukee Alderman Khalif Rainey had this to say in the wake of the officer involved shooting and resulting riots near Sherman and Auer Saturday evening. Rainey
“This is a warning cry. Do we continue with the inequities, the injustice, the unemployment, the undereducation that creates these byproducts that we have seen this evening? Do we continue that… The black people of Milwaukee are tired of living under this oppression… This is what it's like living under this oppression… No one here can deny the fact that there are problems, racial problems here in Milwaukee, Wisconsin that have to be closely not examined but rectified. Rectify this immediately because if you don't this vision of downtown, all of that, you one day away. You one day away.”
Khalif ought to have a bright future in the Democrat Party.
During my recent visit to Ahmedabad, I asked a friend who lives in a Muslim locality of Paldi to guide me through the area. Paldi is inhabited by Jains, Hindus and Muslims who live in separate housing societies. This is the same area where recently a poster surfaced saying, “Don't let Paldi become Juhapura”.
Muslims who live in this area are perceived to be affluent and educated. To my question of why Muslims prefer to live here and not in Juhapura or some other area, my friend replied, “because of status”. As we were going around the area on his scooter, he kept pointing to spaces belonging to Muslims. He kept identifying areas as ‘safe', ‘more safe' and ‘safest'. I was perplexed as he kept mentioning the words ‘safe' and adding degrees to it. “Why is this safest?” I asked him as we moved ahead. He made an interesting observation: “No one can attack this area if riots take place, this area is safe because there is high concentration of Muslims here. A few hundred people cannot attack an area with a population of more than a thousand”. At the end of the small tour, we came across a building where I saw flags, posters and banners of the Congress party. Pointing to this building he said, “This is the Congress headquarters and one of the main reasons why the area is safe”.
Even 25 years after the Babri Masjid demolition and 15 years since the Godhra incident, Muslims in Gujarat continue to live in perpetual fear. Some 1,300 km from Ayodhya, in Ahmedabad, the impact of demolition was experienced by people who had no direct physical proximity with the mosque. The Muslim population, in popular perception, is associated with certain characteristics. These markers are imprinted both on their bodies and in the spaces they inhabit. It leaves them vulnerable even if an event happens in a distant land in this country.
Forced migration
In the aftermath of the violence in 1992, the Muslims in Gujarat were forced to migrate and live in ‘safer areas', particularly in Juhapura. It's very important to understand what ‘safe' means for Muslims living in India. During my fieldwork, I frequently came across the terms ‘safe' and ‘safety' both in Ahmedabad and Delhi. What is it that makes Muslims across regions use the same vocabulary, talk in the same language? As far as I have understood, ‘safe' for them implies a lot more than an escape from the fear of violence. For them, it becomes an expression of their self, identity and ownership of space. A space where they don't just feel secure but can also perform everyday rituals of life without a sense of stigma and shame. A space where they can connect with the discourses of citizenship.
Post the 2002 violence, Juhapura emerged as one of the ‘safe' areas in Ahmedabad which came to have a large concentration of Muslims. Juhapura is called chhota (mini) Pakistan for being a place which has a large population of Muslims from outside that locality. Recently, a video surfaced of a BJP contestant, Shailesh Sotta from the Dabhoi assembly seat, in which he is pointing to topi and dadhiwalas calling them “anti-social elements” and saying their population “needs to reduce”. Last year, on October 12, 2016, Praveen Togadia in his Vijaya Dashmi speech at Rajkot, compared Juhapura with Pakistan's Lahore – the two places that according to him are “breeding terrorism”. The boundaries such as roads, streets and walls of Juhapura that separate it from Hindu areas are still known as ‘borders'.
Also read: What Communalism in Gujarat Looks Like
The space inside the borders is a safe space for Muslims. For outsiders, Juhapura physically, geographically and socially separates the residents living inside the border with those who live outside. The term ‘border' is not one without a history; its origin lies in the 70-year-old history of this subcontinent. The term symbolises a geographical area which separates two nations. Used in this context, the term refers to Juhapura as an area that is alien – separate and foreign – within the very territory of India.
The physical geographies of the border are imprinted on the bodies of the subjects of this nation, who are the citizens of the secular, liberal and democratic republic of India. Yet, they are called ‘Pakistanis'. That's the paradox – how Indian Muslims, even 70 years into their association with the Indian nation state, are represented in the larger narrative and discourse of India as a nation. Who is an ‘Indian'? Are Muslims even considered to be citizens of India?
The denial of justice and impunity to perpetrators of communal crimes has greatly eroded India's ideas of secularism and liberalism. The demolition of the Babri Masjid as an act in itself was directed to initiate a rabid process of cleansing this nation of the symbols and markers that connect the idea of India to its plural history. It has also led to the process of invisibilisation and silencing of those who are deemed as ‘other' in the idea of the ‘Hindu rashtra', thereby indicating a deep departure from the founding principles of this nation.
The Bharatiya Janata Party and Hindutva organisations have been successful to a large extent in achieving these objectives. The cleansing process becomes visible in the actions targeting Muslims in Gujarat: excluding and segregating them, and alienating them from the larger mainstream political and decision-making processes. The objective is to invisiblise voters who are considered the ‘other', not only in Gujarat but across the country.
Also read: The Irrelevance of Muslims in Gujarat Elections
Gujarat has been a laboratory for Hindutva to perform and carry out such politics. It has been successful to a large extent in cleansing and invisiblising the ‘other,' particularly in the electoral processes. Denying candidature and representation to Muslims in Gujarat elections – even though they constitute 9.67% of the total population of the state – clearly point to the systemic way in which they are being excluded from the electoral processes.
In the current elections of Gujarat, time and again Muslim subjects of this nation are reminded of the fact that their association with this nation is subject to the majoritarian consensus. With jibes like ‘Auranagzeb raj' or ‘anti-social elements', an ‘authoritarian' figure of the past is used to represent the subjects of the modern Indian nation state as being threatening and barbaric. The perception of this threat can lead to very violent outcomes, as is evident from the recent horrific murder of a labourer in Rajasthan because of his Muslim identity.
The new development in the Gujarat elections is how the Congress is maintaining its distance from ‘Muslim issues'. Is it because of their newly-formed association with Patidars? Or is it the effect of Hindutva electoral calculations and practices, where Muslims have systemically been rendered insignificant and irrelevant? Or both? Whether the BJP wins or loses in Gujarat, the poignant question to ask is what effect this form of politics will have on the representation and participation of minorities in the nation's electoral processes, both at the state and national levels.
Asaf Ali Lone is an independent researcher. His research interests are urban segregation, marginalities and resistances.
It took me 40 years to become a Jew. When I was a child, I wasn't a Jew and not only because I never went to a synagogue. My father's family had abandoned their religion so he wasn't Jewish. More to the point, my mother and my grandmother weren't Jewish either, so according to orthodox Judaism's principles of matrilineal descent, it was impossible for me to be a Jew.
All I had was the “Cohen” name. I once asked my parents why they had not changed it. After saying, quite rightly, that you should never seek to appease racists, they confessed to thinking that antisemitism was over by the 1960s. After Hitler, humanity would surely see where the world's most insane hatred led and resolve to put it to one side.
Bertolt Brecht said: “Do not rejoice in his defeat, you men. For though the world has stood up and stopped the bastard, the bitch that bore him is in heat again.”
My parents did not believe Brecht, at least not in the 1960s. Nor did I for a while. I was and remain an atheist who knows that communalist and identity politics crush individuality. I had no wish to join a tribe, let alone a religious one.
Still there was no escaping the “Cohen”. When I first responded to the antisemitism that has spread so far from the extreme left into the mainstream that it now threatens to poison the Labour party, I am ashamed to say I considered two disgraceful replies.
I might, I thought, not stop at opposing the Israeli occupation of the West Bank, and pledging support to leftwing Israelis and Palestinians who wanted a just and peaceful settlement for both peoples, but go on to behave like a grotesque from a Howard Jacobson satire. I would reassure fanatics that their “anti-Zionism” (that is, their call for the total destruction of the world's only Jewish state) was not remotely racist.
Fortunately for my self-respect, I never sank that low. Whenever I hear Jews announce their hatred of Israel's very existence, I suspect that underneath their loud bombast lies a quiet plea to the Islamists and neo-Nazis who might harm them: “I'm not like the others. Don't pick on me.”
Unfortunately, I assured anyone who asked (and some who did not) that, despite appearances to the contrary, I wasn't Jewish. And that was as dishonourable. I sounded like a black man trying to pass as white or a German arguing with the Gestapo that there was a mistake in the paperwork.
I stopped and accepted that racism changes your perception of the world and yourself. You become what your enemies say you are. And unless I wanted to shame myself, I had to become a Jew. A rather odd Jew, no doubt: a militant atheist who had to phone a friend to ask what on earth “mazel tov” meant. But a Jew nonetheless.
As one of the finest liberal ambitions is to find the sympathy to imagine the lives of others, you should become a Jew too. Declare that you have converted to Judaism or rediscovered your Jewish “heritage” and see the reaction. It's not just that, if you are middle class and fortunate, you might experience racism for the first time, which in itself would be a “learning experience” worth having. You might also learn the essential lesson that antisemitism is not about Jews. Like rape, it's about power.
Whether the antisemitic conspiracy theory is deployed by German Nazis or Arab dictators, French anti-Dreyfusards or Saudi clerics, the argument is always the same. Democracy, an independent judiciary, equal human rights, freedom of speech and publication – all these “supposed” freedoms – are nothing but swindles that hide the machinations of the secret Jewish rulers of the world.
Describe the fantasy the Tsarist and Nazi empires developed that bluntly and it is impossible to understand how the Labour party is in danger of becoming as tainted as Ukip by the racists it attracts.
But consider how many leftwing activists, institutions or academics would agree with a politer version.
Western governments are the main source of the ills of the world. The “Israel lobby” controls western foreign policy. Israel itself is the “root cause” of all the terrors of the Middle East, from the Iraq war to Islamic State. Polite racism turns the Jews, once again, into demons with the supernatural power to manipulate and destroy nations. Or as the Swedish foreign minister, Margot Wallström, who sees herself as a feminist rather than a racial conspiracist, explained recently, Islamist attacks in Paris were the fault of Israeli occupiers in the West Bank.
Or consider the otherwise bizarre indulgence of ultra-right religious extremists by people who otherwise describe themselves as liberals and leftists. The belief that Jews fuel radical Islam allows them to overlook superstition and the tyrannical denial of equal rights. They're against Israel and that's all that matters.
I could describe at vitriolic length how disgusted leftwing Jewish friends are that Labour members chose Jeremy Corbyn, despite his support for an Anglican cleric who linked to extremist sites that blamed Jews for 9/11, and his defence of an Islamist who recycled the libel that Jews dined on the blood of Christian children from the bottom of a medieval dung heap.
But even if a chastened Labour expels this or that antisemite or disciplines the Jew-baiters at the Oxford University Labour club, I do not see how its leaders can challenge the conspiratorial world-view they shared for decades. They would be renouncing everything they once believed in.
As someone who warned in the 00s about the growing darkness on the left, I am pessimistic about the chances of change. If you keep shouting “fire” and the fire brigade never comes, you tend to assume the house will burn to the ground. But perhaps familiarity breeds contempt and I am not the best judge.
If Labour MPs and members want the party to break with a past that has led to leftists allying with religious reactionaries who deny universal human rights and hate every value the centre-left professes to hold, they will have to learn to treat all racisms equally.
They will need to make a brief acquaintance with European history and understand that the left has no guaranteed immunity from fascistic ideology. They will have to see antisemitism for what it is and understand why it always leads to despotism and despair. Like me, in short, and if only briefly, they will have to become Jews themselves.
• Comments will be opened later today
The Stone is a forum for contemporary philosophers and other thinkers on issues both timely and timeless.
Moral and political philosophers distinguish among different forms of privacy: physical, informational and decisional. When it comes to sex, we tend to have a strong expectation that we'll be granted all three.
Physical privacy involves having access to a space, on a permanent or temporary basis, where we are permitted to do things, sexual or otherwise, without being viewed by others. Informational privacy grants a reasonable amount of control over who has access to our personal information, including information about our sexual lives, habits and partners. Decisional privacy is having freedom from undue interference from others in the decisions we make about our lives, and people commonly want to make decisions about their sexual activities and relationships without such interference from family members, friends, co-workers or governments.
By contrast, other social relations, such as market transactions, come with different expectations of privacy. Commerce typically takes place in public venues, and we expect there to be informational transparency about the goods and services we purchase. We often want market transactions to be scrutinized or regulated by third parties in order to insure that they are fair and equitable, especially when full transparency is not available, as in the cases of pharmaceuticals, health care and real estate. So for the greater good, all three types of privacy are limited during market transactions in ways that would be unreasonable in regard to private sexual activity.
But when sex and commerce meet, the rules regarding sexual and market privacy quickly get murky. For example, should exchanges of sexual services for monetary gain take place with guarantees of privacy or transparency? If the former, then we expect them to be free from the intrusion of others. If the latter, then we expect them to be subject to social regulation. But where, exactly, is the border between the private exchange of money or gifts and the impersonal profit-making of the market?
When sexual partners exchange money and gifts between themselves, we generally see this as a private exchange. However, what do we do if a person has several sexual partners, and regularly receives money and gifts from each of them? Traditionally, a woman who had more than one sex partner from whom she received various forms of material support was likely to have been regarded as a “public woman,” that is, a prostitute, whore or sex worker. Although there has been significant social tolerance historically for men who have and support multiple mistresses, moral disapprobation for women who have multiple lovers has resulted in laws in which women who have several sex partners from whom they accept gifts can face arrest for prostitution.
Can we really draw a bright line between a person who has casual sex, in private, with various lovers, and a person who has sex in private, with various short-term and long-term lovers, from whom she accepts monetary support?
Having multiple, casual or ongoing partners from whom one receives monetary support is not the same as running a brothel, or setting up a home business that advertises publicly and accepts customers based on their ability to pay. Yet the line between these kinds of activities may be hard, at times, to make out. For example, should a person who is, say, polyamorous, and has multiple lovers who economically support her, have a right to physical, informational and decisional privacy in regards to her sex life?
Consider the case of Brandy Britton, a former university professor and mother who was separated from her abusive husband. Britton sought dates and accepted gifts from men whom she entertained in her home, with a goal of staving off the foreclosure of her house. In 2006, she was subject to an undercover arrest and charged with four counts of prostitution. A week before she was to be tried in court, she committed suicide.
Or consider that some young women today choose to seek “sugar daddies,” typically well-off men who can help them pay their college tuition and living expenses, by using online dating sites. In exchange, the women offer these men companionship and other forms of intimacy. Should the activities of these women, or Britton, be treated as a form of prostitution, which is a criminal offense in the United States?
Laws and customs in America have evolved to the point where fewer consenting adults are charged with a crime when they privately engage in nonmarital sex. Laws against adultery have mostly been repealed or are unenforced. Eisenstadt v. Baird (1972) recognized the right of unmarried people to have access to contraception, and therefore to engage in nonprocreative sex. Lawrence v. Texas invalidated state anti-sodomy statutes that targeted private, consensual, same-sex intimacy between adults.
Can we really draw a bright line between a person who has casual sex, in private, with various lovers, and a person who has sex in private, with various short-term and long-term lovers, from whom she accepts monetary support? Dating couples often exchange money and gifts. Such exchanges of money do not transform their relationships into business transactions.
Anita Allen has argued that when people belong to groups that have been socially stigmatized, they often find it more difficult to defend and demand respect for their privacy, particularly in courts of law. For example, women, African-Americans, lesbians and gay men, the disabled, the poor or working class, and especially people at the intersection of two or more of these categories often lose in court when their privacy rights have been violated. Promiscuous, unmarried women and girls are often publicly shamed as “sluts,” and denied their rights to privacy when others morally disapprove of their lifestyle. Although men also perform sex work, they are rarely subject to arrest or detention, or in other words, invasions of their sexual privacy.
When we describe the activities of someone like Britton or the dating “sugar babies” as “selling sex” or performing “sex work,” we place their activities in the public sphere. While these women may have sexual relations with a number of short- and long-term boyfriends or girlfriends who give them gifts of money, they are not formally employed as sex workers in a commercial establishment, nor are they running a business. Services provided in the home or other private spaces are typically understood differently than labor performed in spaces designated for commerce or under contract with an employer. Why should this be different when sex is involved?
In a liberal, democratic society, our basic right to privacy and equal treatment under the law should protect people like Britton when they do not harm others and are not a public nuisance.
If the state were to stop prosecuting women who provide intimate companionship for their one or many lovers, who in turn pay their bills, it does not follow that the state would then have to grant licenses to businesses offering sexual companions on a commercial basis. Commercial and publicly visible exchanges of personal sexual services present different kinds of moral issues. Would such businesses be of value to society, and could the rights of all involved and uninvolved parties be protected? With informal arrangements in our home, where we have a legitimate expectation of sexual privacy, these questions are less relevant.
Moreover, if the state were to stop prosecuting people like Britton for socializing with a flow of lovers in private, this does not entail that we should tolerate people having sex in cars, on the streets or in other public places. People can relieve themselves in a variety of ways in private, which we do not allow in the street. Whether anyone would want to live next door to a person like Britton is a different matter than whether her lifestyle should be criminalized. Surely she could be subject to the same nuisance laws, community rules and norms of politeness as anyone else. This should be sufficient to keep relations among neighbors peaceful and respectful. Some people have swinger parties in their homes without provoking the ire of their neighbors. But if they do offend, complaints are usually handled in a civil, rather than criminal, context.
In a liberal, democratic society, our basic right to privacy and equal treatment under the law should protect people like Britton when they do not harm others and are not a public nuisance. Such a change in our response to private, sexual activities would align our policies with those in Britain and other countries that have adopted the British model, where providing sex for money and offering money for sex are not crimes, as long as these activities take place in private.
This is a different model than the Swedish one, which criminalizes offering money for sex, or the Dutch “harm reduction model,” which permits and regulates commercial sex work establishments. These models have had mixed success in protecting the safety and dignity of sex workers, or in stopping trafficking and nonconsensual sex work.
This week, participants in an Amnesty International council meeting in Dublin are considering a proposal to endorse the decriminalization of consensual paid sex between adults. The proposal has elements of the both the British model, which rests on the idea that consensual sex between adults should be protected from state interference, and the Dutch model, which is based on the idea that criminalizing paid sex generates more harm than good. The policy draft I read emphasizes the organization's longstanding commitment to end trafficking, and to insure that, where paid sex exists, it is voluntary and safe.
Related More From The Stone Read previous contributions to this series.
Yet some prominent feminist groups have organized to oppose Amnesty International's proposed policy and to endorse the Swedish model of prohibition. Their opposition is based on the assumption that acts of paid sex are inevitably coercive and that the state should intervene in private sexual acts between adults to protect vulnerable people.
The first assumption has been strongly challenged by many sex worker civil and labor rights groups, and the second assumption is subject to the objection that it is overly paternalistic toward adult women. Moreover, opponents to Amnesty International's proposed policy overlook the fact that it remains neutral on the question of whether there should be public establishments for the purpose of buying and selling sex.
Amnesty International's proposed policy, like the British model, offers an intermediate step that recognizes that an act, such as sex exchanged for monetary support, can have different meanings depending on its context.
Either of these policies, if implemented, would change the way we respond to cases of people like Brandy Britton and the women seeking sugar daddies through online dating, whose activities deserve protection under contemporary moral and legal understandings of “privacy.”
While we might believe that having sex for money is neither wise nor good, democratic and free societies now allow adults—married or unmarried—to make their own choices regarding why and with whom they have sex. It's time to stop policing the private, consensual sex lives of adult women who support themselves in morally unconventional ways.
Laurie Shrage is a professor of philosophy and women's and gender studies at Florida International University. She is currently a visiting fellow at the Edmond J. Safra Center for Ethics at Harvard University.
Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and on Twitter, and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.
Florida residents voted to ban gay marriage in the Sunshine State back in 2008 by 62 percent.
However, yesterday, Monroe County Chief Circuit Judge Luis Garcia ruled that gay couples in the Florida Keys should be allowed to marry, noted The Washington Post.
“The court is aware that the majority of voters oppose same-sex marriage, but it is our country's proud history to protect the rights of the individual, the rights of the unpopular and rights of the powerless, even at the cost of offending the majority,” Judge Garcia ruled. "This court concludes that a citizen's right to marry is a fundamental right that belongs to the individual.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi filed an appeal of Judge Garcia's ruling, which automatically placed a stay (hold) on Judge Garcia's decision until the appeal is ruled upon.
John Stemberger, of the Christian-based Florida Family Council, which led the state ban against gay marriage in 2008, told the Miami Herald, “This is an issue worth dying for. Every domestic partnership, every single civil union, every couple that cohabitates, these arrangements dilute and devalue marriage.”
Stemberger didn't explain how marriage is devalued by domestic partnerships, civil unions and cohabitating.
“The court was very hostile to our position,” added Stemberger. “This is a very sad day for Floridians. This is an entirely illegitimate process. The judge had no legal authority in this decision.”
In addition to his political activism, Stemberger founded Trail Life USA, an alternative to the Boy Scouts, which does not allow any openly gay members or scouts who do not agree with Christian "Trinity" theology.
Stemberger also uploaded a video (below) on YouTube yesterday in which he slammed Judge Garcia's ruling.
“The judge is wrong, he had no legal authority to make this decision today," said Stemberger. "He has defied the rule of law. He has defied the constitution of the state of Florida and he's defied you, the five million voters who said 'yes' to marriage in 2008. And we defended marriage and put that in our state constitution for the very reason that a judge would not strike it down."
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Sources: The Washington Post, Miami Herald, YouTube
undefined
The New Hampshire Supreme Court has overturned the conviction of a former Belknap County deputy sheriff convicted of sexually assaulting an inmate he was transporting to the state prison.
The court issued a decision Monday on the appeal of Ernest Justin Blanchette, 36, formerly of Franklin. Four justices agreed with Blanchette's argument that prosecutors failed to prove he was working under the direction of either the Belknap Country Jail or the New Hampshire State Prison for women when he had sex with an inmate he transported to and from the prison.
Blanchette argued he wasn't guilty of sexual assault because he was not employed by the New Hampshire State Prison for Women, and therefore didn't have the authority to coerce her into having sex. The justices ruled the trial court should have granted Blanchette's motion to dismiss.
Blanchette was originally convicted on one count of aggravated felonious sexual assault in April 2016, after a jury found he had used his authority as a law enforcement officer to coerce his victim into having sex. He admitted the encounter had taken place, but both he and the woman described the incident as consensual.
State prosecutors argued Blanchette had been grooming the inmate for months by giving her cigarettes and letting her use his cellphone. Furthermore, they argued, she was incapable of legally consenting as an inmate.
Judge Gillian Abramson agreed, giving Blanchette the maximum sentence. During his sentencing last year, she told him, “whether (the victim) was willing or not is completely irrelevant, legally and morally. Inmates are degraded enough by virtue of incarceration. By trading favors for sex, you degraded her even more.”
However, the state Supreme Court's ruling hinged on whether prosecutors proved Blanchette was ordered to transport the victim – citing a state law that requires the defendant to have the authority over the victim by being employed at the jail or prison where the victim was imprisoned.
State attorneys argued the state prison had ordered Blanchette to transport the inmate, and as a result, he should be considered a prison employee.
Blanchette's defense attorneys argued that Blanchette was an employee of the Belknap County Sheriff's Department, not the jail or state prison.
“We conclude that the state presented insufficient evidence to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant had authority over the victim by virtue of the victim being incarcerated in a correctional institution where the defendant was employed,” the justices wrote.
The justices urged New Hampshire lawmakers to clarify the law for future cases, saying that both the state and Blanchette's defense had presented plausible arguments about the meaning of the law and the inclusion of the phrase “where the actor is employed.”
“Although we have resolved the present appeal without addressing the merits of the parties' interpretations of the statutory language, the disagreement persists: accordingly, we invite the legislature to amend the language in the (law) to clarify its intent with regard to the meaning of the phrase at issue,” she wrote.
Blanchette is currently serving a 10- to 20-year sentence at the Maine State Prison and is registered as a lifetime sex offender.
The state has until May 25 to file a motion for reconsideration. Blanchette's lawyer did not return a request for comment.
Editor's note: This story has been changed to clarify the Supreme Court's ruling.
It is like a script by Mel Brooks mixed with Dave Chappelle's Black KKK Grand Wizard:
GERMAN migrants are hitting out at Angela Merkel's open door immigration policy and the influx of NEW migrants saying it has wrecked their standard of living. And the shocking comments show the scale of resentment brewing in the country as its tries to cope with an influx of millions of people. Last year Germany welcomed 1.1 million people alone but millions more have flooded into the country over the past five years. Now foreign nationals who have lived in the country have expressed their concerns about the impact it is having on their standard of living. One woman who identified herself as a National Democratic Party voter said: “Today's refugees get social housing, welfare payments. And this, and that, and this. Why? “I'm a foreigner myself.” While another woman who wore a bright hijab said: “It's become a little… terrible around here. Not like it used to be.” ”Too many people came to Neukölln. When they come they have to earn a living. “They have to give something else — don't give them our apartments for example. “Don't give them our jobs.”
This has it all. K-selection, resource restriction, racism among migrants, and funny-as-hell irony. But one thing stands out – each migrant wants free resources, even as they try to screw each other and get their compatriots sent home.
Notice how r-strategists are like perfectly programmed robots, designed to flee to a new land, preferentially favor the out-group they are trying to infiltrate so as to ingratiate themselves – and as they do that, they are programmed to also covertly stab any other r-strategists from their homeland who accompanied them, in the back.
This is why we can't clearly see the adaptive aspects of their in-group hatred, out-group-openess, and reflexive betrayal. The problem is we are observing domestic r-strategists which have no land richer in resources to migrate to. If you yourself migrated to a wealthy Middle Eastern nation along with some leftist pussy, they would quickly ingratiate themselves with the sheiks, turn the sheiks on you, get you killed or expelled, and then integrate seamlessly into the Arab culture happily, due to their love of foreign culture.
r-strategists are bootlicking, betraying robots – you can't view them any other way.
r/K Selection Theory – because bootlicking, betraying robots need to be powered down.
Update: The World Health Organization declared Zika a global emergency on Monday. The declaration by the UN agency likely will increase funding and research efforts to control the outbreak.
Somewhere beneath the mounds of snow covering Washington, D.C.'s Capitol Hill district, just steps from the Library of Congress, a cluster of tropical mosquitoes capable of carrying Zika and other viruses is holed up, waiting for spring.
Washington, D.C. is well beyond the comfort zone for these mosquitoes—this species can't survive winters north of Alabama and South Carolina. But this colony has somehow hung on for four years, genetic evidence shows, making it the northernmost permanent outpost for the disease-transmitters Aedes aegypti known to date.
This particular colony is small, virus-free, and poses no health threat, say the scientists who've been monitoring it. But its existence shows the species is adapting to cold climates and conquering new territory: another sign of the growing threat that insect-borne diseases pose in a rapidly changing world.
“It's still amazing to me,” says entomologist David Severson, a Notre Dame University professor and member of the research team that last week released news of the underground mosquitoes. “Clearly the climate of Washington D.C. is not hospitable enough for them to survive above ground.”
View Images Pesticides are sprayed in São Paulo, Brazil, to combat mosquitoes linked to the Zika virus. Photograph by Victor Moriyama, Getty Images
These mosquitoes may be sheltering somewhere like a metro tunnel or storm sewer, Severson says. This enterprising behavior could put them one step closer to dense northern populations. Aedes aegypti mosquitoes have been found this far north in summers before, but were likely imported by travelers, and none have become established year-round. Severson thinks it's likely that other colonies are in the area but just haven't been found yet.
Disease outbreaks hitchhiking in the innards of mosquitoes, like the Zika virus currently racing across South and Central America, are likely to become increasingly frequent and far-reaching, public health experts say. Climate change, along with growing urbanization and the rise of international shipping and travel, will stretch the insects' range and access to large human populations.
“Looking forward, climate change is a clear risk for burden of a variety of infectious diseases,” says Kristie Ebi, an epidemiologist at the University of Washington's Department of Global Health, who studies the disease impacts of climate change. “The question is, will public health agencies be up to handling the risk?” she asks. “And the second part is, will those efforts be sustained?”
View Images A patient infected with Chikungunya is hospitalized in Acapulco, Mexico. The virus, which can lead to chronic joint pain, infected around 1 million people in the Americas alone last year. Photograph by Pedro Pardo, AFP, Getty Images
Climate models predict many parts of the planet will become hotter and wetter due to the buildup of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, and these conditions are ideal for increasing the range of viruses and the insects that transport them. Precise forecasts are difficult because of the multiple factors that enable mosquitoes to spread. But scientists expect mosquitoes like the ones transmitting Zika to move farther north and south as the climate warms.
Zika, which the World Health Organization on Thursday announced was “spreading explosively” in the Americas, is now being actively transmitted in at least 20 nations between Mexico and Brazil, and is projected to reach as far north as Texas and Florida. As many as 4 million could become infected this year. Disease experts are worried that college students on spring break next month will bring the virus back from the Caribbean and Mexico. And the summer Olympics in Brazil are on everyone's mind.
Although the disease is mild in most cases, Zika is suspected in a spate of microcephaly, a rare and disabling condition in which babies are born with abnormally small heads. Health officials for Brazil, the outbreak's epicenter, say the number of new microcephaly cases there has topped 4,000 since October—many times more than the annual average. The virus also may be linked to Guillain-Barré syndrome, which attacks the nervous system and can cause paralysis.
View Images Near San Salvador, health officials used insecticides to kill mosquitoes that spread the Zika virus. The World Health Organization says the disease is “spreading explosively” in the Americas. Photograph by Marvin Recinos, AFP, Getty Images
The Zika eruption caught the world unprepared. Public health officials are now struggling to cope with the sudden virulence of a virus that had been fairly docile, while researchers test new ways to control mosquitoes and try to develop a human vaccine.
But Zika is only one of many rising insect-borne disease threats, scientists say.
Dengue, which can cause internal bleeding and circulatory failure, infects as many as 400 million people worldwide every year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Chikungunya, which can lead to chronic joint pain, infected around 1 million people in the Americas alone last year. Both viruses are carried by the same A. aegypti spreading Zika, and both are also poised to take off as the mosquito's range spreads.
Mosquito Death Squad Mosquitoes can carry some of the most deadly diseases known to man, but that won't stop some scientists from sacrificing their own blood to feed them for a greater benefit.
“Aegypti is really adapted to living with people in an urban environment,” Severson says. “They can breed in just about any container that holds water…They can use pop cans or any kind of trash lying around.”
What's more, dengue and chikungunya viruses can also replicate inside A. albopictus, the Asian tiger mosquito, a hardier species that's rapidly staking out new territory in the United States and Europe.
“Dengue is still by far the most important of the human pathogens…Half of the world is at risk,” says Scott Weaver, director of the Institute for Human Infections and Immunity at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston. “Even though Zika is in the news, just to keep it in perspective, dengue is still the big player.”
Behind dengue, Weaver says, are mosquito-borne menaces like Japanese encephalitis, which infects tens of thousands in Asia every year; West Nile, which has sparked several recent flare-ups throughout the U.S.; and yellow fever, which still sickens around 200,000 people in Africa and South America every year even though a vaccine is available. “New World” viruses like mayaro, which is similar to chikungunya but so far has stayed mainly in South America, and Everglades virus, now contained to South Florida, could be just a couple mutations away from becoming more infectious.
And limited surveillance efforts mean other emerging diseases may be going undetected.
View Images A health official in São Paulo, Brazil, collects and analyzes larvae of mosquitoes. The Zika virus, spread by mosquitoes, is implicated in Brazil's spate of a rare and disabling condition in which babies are born with abnormally small heads. Photograph by Victor Moriyama, Getty Images
“Probably there are other pathogenic viruses, bacteria, maybe parasites out there that we either don't have a diagnostic test for,” says Weaver, “or maybe we don't even know they exist.”
The world needs to prepare for multiple new insect-borne disease threats emerging in new ecological niches, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases director Anthony Fauci wrote in a recent New England Journal of Medicine perspective.
“One has to be very concerned,” says Stephen Higgs, president of the American Society of Tropical Hygiene, and director of the Biosecurity Research Institute at Kansas State University. “The impact on human health just can't be overestimated at the moment.”
Researchers are working on a number of new weapons for combatting insect-borne disease. One potential is a common bacterium, wolbachia. Mosquitoes infected with it in laboratory studies are unable to transmit dengue, chikungunya, and yellow fever. Wolbachia-infected mosquitoes are being introduced in Medellin, Colombia, part of a project aimed at eliminating dengue. Matthew Aliota, a research scientist at the University of Wisconsin, Madison School of Veterinary Medicine, will be studying the method's prospect for controlling Zika and other mosquito-borne diseases.
“It's certainly promising,” Aliota says. “But like with most of this stuff, there are so many questions that remain.”
A Zika vaccine is also being developed, but is likely many months away. And a British company is planning to release genetically modified mosquitoes with a trait causing offspring to die before they can mate, in hopes of sterilizing native mosquitoes.
But it doesn't take a magic bullet to protect people from insect-borne diseases, Ebi says. Cleaning up places where mosquitoes can breed and draining puddles can go a long way toward keeping the numbers down.
Tim Cook is buzzing; you could see the excitement on his face during Apple's iPhone 6 event. When offstage during that announcement, he was animated, punching the air with his fists as his executive staff unveiled new information about Apple's big new devices. So it's no surprise to see his outward demeanor extends deeply into the Apple community.
In a new interview with Bloomberg, the CEO is described as calm, tranquil. Cook is finally coming out from behind the immense shadow of Steve Jobs.
The Bloomberg interview is extensive, and touches on a lot of topics, including the iPhone 6, the challenges with the Apple Watch, and the company's culture. For example, when Jobs was in charge, the executive wing was apparently filled with nervous energy, but not anymore. Cook is a more jovial presence; that doesn't mean Jobs still isn't felt around the Cupertino campus. In fact, Jobs' office has been left untouched since his death in 2011. Not as a shrine, but as a homage.
“It felt right to leave it,” Cook said. “That's Steve's office.”
Three years on from Jobs' passing, and Cook has carved his place in Apple's history. Apple's senior team, including Eddy Cue, say they are “damn proud” to work with Cook, adding that he should get much more recognition for his influence on the company. Cook has overseen some major product releases over the past few years, culminating in the most recent event, which saw Apple unveil two larger iPhone models, along with the Apple Watch, which will come out early next year.
But it might have been Cook's leadership behind-the-scenes that is most impressive. After Jobs passed, many gave Cook little chance to steer the Apple ship into successful waters; it seemed like the company would be overshadowed by a man who had prison-like control over Apple. But Cook managed to regroup his executive team and, after Scott Forstall was fired, steer a new frontier. Now we have things like Touch ID, Apple Pay, and iOS 8, which is more open to developers than ever.
The interview then shifts to Jony Ive, who shares more information about the Apple Watch, which he says has been in development for three years (just after Jobs passed away).
“It's probably one of the most difficult projects I have ever worked on,” Ive revealed, adding that engineering on the project was incredibly difficult.
Ive apparently spoke with a number of watch experts when developing the Apple Watch, and even “immersed himself in horological history.”
The discussion with Ive is incredibly insightful, and reveals many of the development challenges Apple faced along the way. Apple apparently tried a pinch-to-zoom method in the beginning, but instead opted for the digital crown, which is a familiar tool in classic watches.
Check out Bloomberg for the entire interview, including some comments made by Jeff Williams, who acts as senior vice president for operations.
“We want to make the best product in the world,” Williams said when asked about the Apple Watch. Williams also had this to say about a very specific competitor: “One of our competitors is on their fourth or fifth attempt, but nobody is wearing them.” “We are willing to wait,” Cook added.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will make his first official visit to Toronto City Hall this Wednesday. Trudeau's visit includes what is likely to be a crowded photo-op in Nathan Phillips Square with the skating rink and the Toronto sign as the planned backdrop.
Transit and housing are expected to be top-of-mind topics when Prime Minister Justin Trudeau visits Toronto City Hall on Wednesday. ( Adrian Wyld / THE CANADIAN PRESS FILE PHOTO )
After a 45-minute meeting with Mayor John Tory, the two are scheduled to take questions from reporters. Transit and housing are expected to be top-of-mind topics as council grapples with how to close budget pressures in 2016 and beyond while tackling crumbling infrastructure and a lack of affordable housing. As Liberal leader, Trudeau promised to fund one-third, or $2.6 billion, of Tory's $8 billion SmartTrack plan — what was conceived as a separate service along existing GO rail lines with added stops.
Article Continued Below
Trudeau's government has also committed to a total of $20 billion investment in social infrastructure over 10 years. While Infrastructure Minister Amarjeet Sohi confirmed a promise to fund housing during another recent city hall visit, the specifics of when and how much money Toronto will receive has not yet been announced.
Read more about:
Amazon announced the release of Amazon Linux 2, a Linux server operating system from Amazon Web Services. Amazon promises to provide a modern application environment with the latest enhancements happening around in Linux community and offering a long term support with Amazon Linux 2.
Amazon Linux 2 is best suited for hosting web and desktop based applications, open source and proprietary database and more. It supports the latest Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance features and includes packages which can easily be integrated with AWS.
Features of Amazon Linux 2
Amazon Linux 2 provides support to the latest Amazon EC2 instance and includes packages that help in easy integration with other AWS services.
Amazon Linux 2 is offered as a virtual machine and container image and can be used for a test and production environment for developing and testing application. It provides full integration to AWS services.
Amazon Linux 2 comes with AWS CLI (Command Line Integration) and cloud-init, designed to simplify the scripting tasks.
Amazon Linux 2 is a long-term support release without any extra cost. It includes security updates and bug fixes for 5 years and also include the API compatibility for the same timeframe.
It provides the Amazon Linux Extras repository which includes additional software packages like Python, Go, Rust, PostgreSQL, MariaDB and others.
It includes systemd init system to manage system processes and better booting time along with better performance.
Amazon Linux 2 uses 4.9 LTS kernel and has been tuned to run efficiently in any virtualized environment including AWS.
There are virtual machine images for KVM, VirtualBox, Hyper-V and VMware, in case you want to test an application on your personal system before pushing it to AWS.
The virtual machine images can be downloaded from Amazon Linux Page
Amazon Linux 2 is not a general purpose yet-another Linux distribution. The main purpose here is to design an enhanced Linux distro best suited for AWS platform.
The fact that it offers virtual machine images and is not just limited to its own platform gives the users a choice to design, develop and test their application on their local machine. The Amazon Linux Extra provides a fully supported environment for the latest version of a wide variety of application.
It clearly looks as a competitor to Intel's Clear Linux, being platform specific and Amazon is trying to improve its Amazon Web Services platform by providing a native Linux OS with optimized performance and support to newer versions of different applications.
It has been nearly two years since late Nintendo president Satoru Iwata passed away, and, as the Nintendo Switch launch nears, Shigeru Miyamoto has looked back at the role he played in the company's plans for the console.
“Nothing really in terms of 180 degrees, but myself, Mr. Takeda and Mr. Iwata were more providing feedback during development. So a lot of the younger staff would give us presentations, and we would give them feedback and make decisions if necessary,” Miyamoto explained to TIME, asked whether any tables had been upended.
“The feedback that we did provide I think was put to good use, and I don't think there were any times where we had major clashes of ideas. If anything, we had to think about how to make Switch unique, and there's a certain cost associated with that. So it was like, ‘Oh my God, it's going to be a lot more expensive. How are we going to deal with this?' We struggled with that together as a team.”
When posed with the question as to what in particular reflects Satoru Iwata's involvement in Nintendo Switch, Miyamoto pointed to the core concept: a console that grants the freedom to play console games anywhere, with anyone, at any time.
He continued: “I mentioned that Mr. Iwata, Mr. Takeda and myself provided feedback and made decisions, but ultimately Mr. Iwata was the head of development, so he put a lot of thought and time into Switch. I think that the idea of Nintendo Switch being a device you can take out and anywhere, and the idea of it being a system that really allows networking and communicating with people, I think that's something Mr. Iwata put a lot of emphasis on.
“Because Mr. Iwata was tech-savvy, a lot of our discussion involved trying to figure out how to make the technical things like network capabilities or servers or whatever fun. For example, think about when we added the ability to use a browser on the [Nintendo] DS. As time goes on, all of these services become more and more advanced, and so we need to think about ‘How do we incorporate mobile devices or new browser features that come up?' That's something Mr. Iwata and I discussed a lot, really trying to decide what to do and what not to do in our hardware.”
Nintendo Switch will launch worldwide on Friday 3rd March, priced at £279.99 ($299.99).
Buff Ledge was a girl camp located north of Burlington on Lake Champlain. During their tenure as summer camp employees, Michael Lapp, a sixteen year old maintenance man, and 19 year old water ski instructor Janet Cornell were relaxing at a boat dock on a slack day.
On this particular August afternoon, the swim team had a made a trip to Burlington to compete in a meet, and the camp was virtually deserted. Late in the afternoon, the two friends were enjoying the view of the sun setting over the water, when a bright light appeared in the darkening sky.
At first, Michael thought they were being treated to a beautiful, close up view of the planet Venus. All of a sudden, the glowing light began to move downward, and ever closer to Michael and Janet. The object, at first a round glow, now began to flatten out as it came even closer.
Michael shouted, "Wow! Venus is falling."
As the two steadfastly watched the light, three smaller lights seemed to drop from the larger one, which quickly moved up and disappeared from sight. The three smaller objects began to move over the lake.
They were obviously under intelligent control. The objects put on a show for Michael and Janet, doing zigzag maneuvers, loops, and then descended like falling leaves. The three objects now moved even closer to the two baffled teenagers. After forming a triangle, two of the objects pulled back. Michael would later recall a sound "like a thousand tuning forks" when the two left the third craft alone.
The one remaining UFO passed over Michael and Janet, then shot upward and momentarily disappeared. It very soon reappeared, tilted to one side, and dropped into the lake. A couple of minutes seemed to pass before the object reemerged from the water, and began gliding straight toward them!
The object was now close enough to see a transparent dome occupied by two childlike creatures. Michael would describe the beings as having elongated necks, big heads, and no hair.
Their eyes were also large, and extended around the side of their heads. Michael began to sense a kind of mental communication with the two beings. Watching them intently, Michael slapped his knee, and to his surprise, one of the occupants mimicked his movement.
The craft now moved directly overhead, and shot a beam at Michael and Janet. Grabbing Janet's shoulder, Michael pulled both of them on their backs on the dock. Suddenly, Michael was overcome with the fear of being kidnapped.
He remembers screaming, "We don't want to go!" The light from the beam was so bright that Michael recalls being able to see the bones in his hand, like an X-ray. The two teenagers both later related that the beam had a "liquid" feeling to it, and gave them the sense of free floating.
Their next conscious thoughts would be that of staring at the object again from the dock. The sky was now totally black, and Michael wondered how long he had been in this one spot. Looking at Janet, he could see that she was in a trancelike state; drowsy and disoriented.
They now heard the welcome sounds of the swim team returning from their meet in Burlington. The UFO now moved upward into the black sky, flashed its light beam repeatedly, and then vanished from sight.
Strangely, Michael and Janet did not discuss what had happened to them, not now, and not for the next couple of weeks, when camp season ended. Maybe the strange things they had seen over the lake this evening were just optical illusions. Maybe they weren't.
After their summer camp jobs were over, Michael and Janet went their separate ways. During the next five years, Michael rarely thought about that night. But in time, he began to have disturbing dreams...dreams about being kidnapped; abducted...against his will. The dreams would come... like they did... then the dreams would vanish...like they did.
It would be ten years after his harrowing experience that Michael made a decision to contact the Center for UFO Studies, and search for answers. Investigator Walter Webb was assigned to the case, and after hearing Michael's story, suggested regressive hypnosis to help rid him of his emotional strife and the frightening dreams.
During Michael's hypnosis, he vividly recalled his experiences on that night in August 1968. He remembered how the beam of light lifted him into the crafts interior; how he entered a bigger craft, and how he saw Janet lying on a table being examined.
The small beings shined a light into her eyes, scraped her skin, and took fluids from her body. "The aliens all looked alike, Michael recalled, and had those large eyes, a mouth without lips, no ears, and two small openings for a nose."
Michael also described the beings as having three pointed, web-like digits for fingers, and their bodies felt "damp and clammy." The aliens related to Michael that their mission was to "make life like ours... other places."
Janet also underwent the regression, and her descriptions only went to verify Michael's. She recalled feeling "cold" on the examining table, with something "pulling her hair and pinching her neck." The abduction of Michael Lapp and Janet Cornell certainly falls within the general pattern of abductions reported by many others.
To confirm the facts of their fantastic story, Webb located several other members of the camp who had witnessed the strange lights over Lake Champlain the very night of the abduction! Two other employees reported a similar experience which had occurred earlier that same summer, when they observed unidentified flying objects hovering over the lake for about twenty minutes.
Although Michael and Janet's experience was not reported for ten years after the fact, it is still a well documented case of alien abduction.
author, B. J. Booth
sources:
WEBB, Walter N.: Encounter at Buff Ledge, 1994
Two Drawings by Michael Lapp © Ronald Story
Halifax center Nathan MacKinnon will be one of the top draft prospects on display at the world junior championships. (Photo11: Larry MacDougal, AP) Story Highlights Many top draft prospects will be suiting up in the world junior championships
Who's on the rise and whose stock is dropping
Western Hockey League goaltenders are improving
It's almost Christmas, so that can mean only one thing: We're about to be treated to the best two weeks of hockey we'll see all year. And while that's true even in a normal year, the point is driven home even more clearly in this season without the NHL.
Every Dec. 26, Red Line Report looks forward to traveling not only to the world junior championships but also our favorite tournament of the season, the world under-17 challenge.
The under-17 tournament, hosted this year by Drummondville and Victoriaville, Quebec, is one of the last remaining major events on the scouting calendar where politics play very little role. So it's a chance to truly see the best players of their age group from four European countries, the United States and five regions across Canada.
Then, of course, there's the world juniors. And even with the endless NHL lockout continuing, this year looks especially promising for viewing top draft-eligibles. A quick glance at our list and each nation's evaluation camp rosters reveals that most of Red Line's top-rated prospects could be on hand in Ufa, Russia.
MORE: Stefan Noesen barred from WJC
Sure things among the top guys are Finnish studs Aleksander Barkov and Rasmus Ristolainen, while scorer Artturi Lehkonen might land a top six roles. American aces Seth Jones and Ryan Hartman, both of whom have been mainstays on U.S. national teams the last two years, are extremely likely candidates. And Jonathan Drouin and Nathan MacKinnon earned spots on Team Canada's roster, though Sean Monahan and Hunter Shinkaruk were among the cuts after Canada's selection camp.
The incredibly deep defending champions from Sweden could make room for Elias Lindholm on the front lines, and the Russian contingent should include swift forward Valeri Nichushkin and monster rearguard Nikita Zadorov.
Meanwhile, Dominik Kahun (Sudbury) will be a key for the German attack, while Martin Reway (Gatineau) and Roberts Lipsbergs (Seattle) will have to perform miracles if the Slovaks and Latvians, respectively, are to put up much offense.
So sit back and enjoy these hockey gifts. They might be the only presents the sport gives us this year.
No.
Player
Pos.
Ht.,wt.
Shoots
Dateof birth
Team
1.
Seth Jones
D
6-3, 208
Right
Oct. 3, 1994
Portland
2.
Jonathan Drouin
LW
5-11,185
Left
March 27, 1995
Halifax
3.
Nathan MacKinnon
C
6-0,192
Right
Sept.1, 1995
Halifax
4.
Aleksander Barkov
C
6-2, 207
Left
Sept. 2, 1995
Tappara
5.
Sean Monahan
C
6-2,193
Left
Oct.12, 1994
Ottawa
6.
Elias Lindholm
C
6-0,181
Right
Dec. 2, 1994
Brynas
7.
Ryan Pulock
D
6-1, 211
Right
Oct.6, 1994
Brandon
8.
Rasmus Ristolainen
D
6-3,196
Right
Oct. 27, 1994
TPS Turku
9.
Hunter Shinkaruk
LW
5-11,181
Left
Oct.13, 1994
Medicine Hat
10.
Josh Morrissey
D
6-0, 182
Left
March 28, 1995
Prince Albert
RISING
Hunter Shinkaruk: The guy is a scoring machine. Any time he has the puck inside the blue line, it's a scoring chance. Comes through in big moments.
Laurent Dauphin: Keeps picking up steam week after week. His confidence - and his game - are growing by leaps and bounds.
Morgan Klimchuk: Used to be just a scorer, but now he's rounded out his game nicely and is competing much harder and with more consistency away from the puck.
Vincent Dunn: Every time we go in to see Anthony Mantha play, we come out wondering who this Dunn kid is. Now we know.
Greg Chase: Quickly becoming a Red Line favorite out west. Shows up every night, is an effortless skater and is starting to bury his chances.
FALLING
Rinat Valiev: Has loads of offensive talent but was lacking in discipline and made an example of by the coaches. Has new lease on life with last week's coaching change. Let's see if he can turn his season around.
Matt Needham: Strictly an offensive forward who's not producing on the scoresheet. Was expected to center Kamloops' second line but has been passed on the depth chart.
News and notes from around the scouting community
-Last season when scouts entered rinks all over the Western Hockey League, it was never to watch a goalie. While Red Line loved Saskatoon's Andrei Makarov, the scouting community obviously disagreed because he was passed over a second time in the 2012 draft (though he has since been signed as a free agent by Buffalo). We've already expressed our feelings on Makarov's snub ad nauseum, so we won't go down that road again.
Suffice it to say, NHL scouts did a lot of very loud grumbling while spending a season watching WHL draft-eligible netminders being pulled in the first period.
This season, however, is like night and day compared to last year. Top prospect Eric Comrie is leading a growing list of emerging netminders out west. Comrie has been carrying the Tri-City Americans on his back nearly every game, and his heroic efforts have him in the top echelon of available netminders this year, and knocking on the door of the first round.
Next up is Edmonton's Tristan Jarry, who is backing up Oil Kings' No. 1 goalie, Laurent Brossoit, one of the Canadian Hockey League's best netminders. But Jarry has been stellar in his limited 11 outings, with a 1.62 goals-against average and a .931 save percentage.
Others quickly emerging on the scene are Jackson Whistle in Kelowna (who seems to have added an inch or two every time we watch him), Austin Lotz in Everett and Brendan Burke in Portland.
Then there's Red Line sleeper Mack Shields in Calgary. Shields is in a similar situation to Jarry, stuck playing behind Chris Driedger, the only WHL netminder selected in last June's NHL draft.
Shields is very raw but has a big frame with quick pads and is great at cutting down the angles. Has been very solid in limited game action and would be pushing for more ice time if Driedger hadn't been so strong all season.
-Connor Hurley has played for three different teams before returning to Edina to start the Minnesota high school season and has yet to lose his luster or look out of place. His stints with Team Southwest, the U.S. National Team Development Program under-18 squad and Muskegon in the U.S. Hockey League showed he can change gears, make smart decisions at a higher tempo and take his game to another level.
Hurley is also the youngest player eligible for this year's NHL draft, barely squeaking in under the wire by a few hours as a Sept.15 birthdate. He's already showing signs that he intends to dominate the high school ranks, and is slated to return to Muskegon once the high school season concludes. He recently committed to Notre Dame, where he'll still be 17 when the school year starts next Fall, so there's plenty of time for physical development of his lean, raw-boned frame.
In a year where nearly all of the top Minnesota high schoolers abandoned the state to play in the USHL, Hurley easily represents the cream of a watered-down crop, and will likely be the only prospect selected in the top 50 from the Minny high school ranks.
-Red Line's chief scout just returned from all the New England prep school pre-Christmas tournaments, and it's safe to say the prep school ranks are an unmitigated disaster this year.
The good news for Hotchkiss' Tyler Hill is that he will be spending his Christmas break playing for the Chicago Steel. It will be absolutely imperative for NHL scouts to see him play in the USHL the next few weeks because it's impossible to evaluate Hill at Hotchkiss, one of the worst teams playing on any level this year. While Hill's size, vision and puck skills are obvious, it's very difficult for him to generate scoring chances when the Hotchkiss defense corps can't clear the puck out of its own end for roughly 80% of any game.
Hill was very good in last month's brief two-game stint with the Steel, recording a Gordie Howe hat trick - a goal, an assist and a fight - along the way. His draft rankings will have to be based on evaluations of his 12 to 14 games in the USHL this season (he reportedly will join the Steel again next spring after his prep school season ends), not on his time with Hotchkiss.
Some people just don't want to have children – how could I not see that?
At a friend's house with a group of other mothers recently, the conversation turned to someone we all knew well: married, in her early 40s. But rather than mention her career, recent house move or the fact that she'd just returned from a backpacking trip around Asia, we all exchanged looks and brought up the subject of children – or lack of them.
I was as guilty as the rest of my friends: speculating on her “situation”, wondering if she couldn't have children or didn't want to. And if she didn't want to – why not? Was she career obsessed? Did she not like them? Was she a secret drinker? Cheeks were sucked in and protective, adoring glances bestowed on the toddlers playing at our feet.
But our friend, I've since discovered, has simply chosen not to have children. She is happy for her family to be just her husband and herself. She has never felt the urge to be a mother.
Stand-up poet and writer Kate Fox feels the same; her comedy show Good Breeding, about a child-free life, played at last year's Edinburgh Festival and has been adapted for Radio 4, to be broadcast next spring. “Not having children is as ingrained as my sexuality and I can't remember a time when I didn't feel it. Apparently, aged three, I announced to bemused relatives that I didn't want to have children. My mum even joked about not being maternal and said her mum wasn't either. I come from a long line of unmaternal women – but my mother and grandmother had more pressure on them to procreate,” she says.
To Kate, it's more complex than not feeling maternal and she has experienced what she sees as every possible reason for not wanting children. “It's not that I don't like kids – I do – but I can't imagine nurturing one all the time. I also don't think I'd be able to do what I do in terms of my career and social life if I had children. Then there's the environment, but if I'd really wanted children, I don't think that would have stopped me.”
At 39, Kate constantly questions her decision, in case she changes her mind. “I don't think I will, but I suppose I'm open to persuasion. Doing my show Good Breeding was an interesting experiment in a way: I was surprised how many parents came along and how open they were about their choices. I suppose I'd imagined that people who have children have always wanted them. It's not that clear-cut.”
So has it been an easy decision? “No. It has been a long road to accept myself and believe that I am just as feminine or even emotional without being a mother.
“I think my doubts have been absorbed from both my family and an attitude that's ingrained in our culture.”
So why do mothers like me and my friends – and many other people – find it difficult to understand the choice that women such as Kate have made? “The child-free have come out of the tributaries of society in the last 10 to 15 years, but the childfree choice is still not totally accepted as an equally valid choice as the choice to have children,” explains Laura Carroll, author of The Baby Matrix (LiveTrue Books 2012), which examines pronatalism, the set of social and cultural beliefs that influence how we think about parenthood.
“The reason boils down to pronatalist social and cultural messaging that has exalted the role of parenthood for generations. When we question pronatalist beliefs and see them for what they are – beliefs – we will also see that choosing not to reproduce is just as normal as the choice to reproduce”.
Tap “#childfree” into Twitter and you could be forgiven for thinking that some sort of revolution is about to take place. Social media, as well as blogs and forums – such as the site We're (not) having a baby (http://werenothavingababy.com/), the forum Childfree Living (http://childfreelivinguk.yuku.com) and Tumblr's child-free section (http://www.tumblr.com/tagged/childfree) – are buzzing with discussions about what it's like to live without children in a family-centric society. But Laura prefers to avoid the word “movement”.
“While the childfree would like to see this choice accepted, I don't see a collectively organised group out there pushing for this. However, like discrimination based on race, gender, or sexual preference, there is a need for working policies to reflect equal treatment for all employees, no matter who they are or the lifestyle they choose.”
Laura also believes that the media often reinforces stereotypes at the same time as giving childfree families coverage. “Articles with images of a beautiful couple on a beach suggest that the childfree have all kinds of free time and disposable cash to go off on exotic holidays. This is a myth – the childfree come from all walks of life.”
Although the internet has allowed like-minded childfree families to connect, Laura says that sending the message that “childfree” is some kind of new trend is wrong. “For the last decade, longer in fact, the number of women without children aged 40-44 has hovered at about one in five. And census researchers have been saying for years now that the majority of that 20% have no children by choice.”
Miranda Reading, 35, a PhD student, has been married to Tony, 60, for nine years. They have decided not to have children. “Neither of us has ever had the slightest desire to procreate and I think our relationship is all the better for it. As for carrying on a bloodline – we're happy to be in an evolutionary cul-de-sac,” she says.
Miranda has, however, occasionally turned to the blogs and groups that Laura talks about. “It's good to know I'm not alone, a freak or abnormal in some way. I think things revolve around children a lot more than they used to. Why are museums and galleries so dedicated to children's activities that you can't look at a painting in silence or have a proper adult-level information display? Why are childfree singles and couples discriminated against in pricing structures? And why do politicians assume women are only interested in policies that involve children? I'm more interested in the economy.”
I think back to the assumptions we made about our friend that afternoon, and ask Cass , 28, a childfree television administrator who recently married Andy, 27, about being on the receiving end. “The main preconceptions are that we dislike children, that we are no good with children, or that we have a medical reason which means we can't have children. All of those are, of course, false – I have friends who have children and I love them all dearly, and as far as I am aware I am perfectly capable of reproducing. I just choose not to, which seems to be something that society can't get its collective head around so it has to come up with excuses why I must be feeling that way.”
Cass and Miranda have been refused sterilisation by the NHS because they don't have children already. Cass finds that as she's in her 20s, people expect her to change her mind. “They assume that once I hit 30, or when my friends start having babies, that'll be it. I find it quite offensive. As is the idea that it's not fair on all those poor women who want children and are unable to conceive.”
Cass says that she's often asked what her husband thinks about it. “As though my decision about my own body is anything to do with him. As it happens, he is fully supportive – when we got together nine years ago he was already aware of my feelings on the matter as we'd been friends before, but when the relationship got serious we had another discussion to ensure we were on the same page.”
Is Andy ever quizzed about his feelings? “Once people discover you don't want children, they often treat you differently. The reaction can be quite condescending, as if I'm naive and making the wrong choice,” he says.
“I don't feel that there was a specific point when I sat down and told myself I didn't want to have children, I'd just never really thought much about it when I was growing up.”
Listening to childfree people talk is thought-provoking and I hope it has ensured I will never jump to the same conclusions about a woman – or man – who isn't a parent in future.
As a mother, it's easy for me to list the things that have been hard about my chosen path – the trials of motherhood seem well documented.
I asked Laura Carroll, who is 54, what has been the most difficult aspect of not having had children. “When my friends started having babies, it was hard finding ways to stay in as much contact with them. But that soon passed. My friends didn't assume that because I didn't have kids I didn't know anything about children and couldn't be party to a conversation about them.
“Also, they didn't lose interest in what I was up to. With many childfree women and men, when it comes to how having kids can affect friendships, it's easy to get hurt and feel defensive on both sides. For those with the kids and those without, the key is to not take it personally – to stay in touch with your love for your friends and your curiosity about their lives.”
Miranda agrees that it's important not to create a distinction between herself and friends who are parents. “We all need to pull together – not find reasons to divide us. Being childfree is a deliberate, often difficult choice, so don't make it harder by seeing it as a lesser one.
“I admire my female friends with children – I admire their dedication and hard work. I'd like them to start admiring me in return. I work just as hard and am just as dedicated to my own way of life. We are all women. We should be celebrating difference, not creating barriers.”
• This article was amended on 11 October 2018 to remove some personal information.
Nick Kyrgios hurt his shoulder early in the third set
US Open Venue: Flushing Meadows, New York Dates: 28 Aug-10 Sept BBC coverage: Live radio and text commentary on selected matches every day.
Australia's Nick Kyrgios struggled with a shoulder injury as he lost to compatriot John Millman at the US Open - admitting: "I don't know what to do."
The 22-year-old 14th seed went down 6-3 1-6 6-4 6-1 in the first round in New York.
Kyrgios looked to have taken control of the match before he hurt his shoulder in the third set.
"One serve and my arm's totally dead," he told the physio while receiving treatment.
"I don't know what to do. It's so dead and numb, it's incredibly weak. I wasn't feeling it at all, and all of a sudden, bang, with one serve."
Kyrgios retired from three consecutive tournaments earlier this summer and has struggled with his shoulder, hip and elbow in 2017 alone.
"I keep letting people down," he said, before suggesting that he was "not good enough" for coach Sebastien Grosjean.
"I'm not dedicated to the game at all," added Kyrgios. "He's helped me a lot, especially in training sessions.
"There are players out there that are more dedicated, that want to get better, that strive to get better every day, the one-percenters. I'm not that guy."
'I was less dedicated in Cincinnati'
Nick Kyrgios reached the Cincinnati Open final earlier this month, losing to Grigor Dimitrov
After dropping the first set to Millman, the world number 235, it appeared as though Kyrgios was on his way to victory when he took the second 6-1.
However, the contest changed dramatically with Kyrgios serving at 1-1 in the third, at one point asking a ball boy to help him stretch his right arm.
To add to his frustration, Kyrgios was given a warning for an audible obscenity and, after losing the third set, penalised a point for violently smashing his racquet.
"My forehand's painful, it's just so annoying," he told the trainer.
When fully fit, Kyrgios has shown the kind of form this year that has made him tipped as a possible Grand Slam champion, taking a rampant Federer to a final set tie-break in Miami and reaching his first Masters final in Cincinnati this month.
"In Cincinnati, I was not doing anything different," said Kyrgios.
"I was probably less dedicated than I was this week. I was playing basketball at Lifetime Fitness every day for two hours.
"Like I played an hour of basketball before I played David Ferrer in the semi-final. I was going to eat ice cream, like this Graeter's place getting a milkshake every day. I was less dedicated.
"And this week I was dedicated, and my shoulder starts hurting. I don't know."
Millman goes on to face Tunisia's Malek Jaziri or Thiago Monteiro of Brazil in the second round.
"I know Nick's shoulder deteriorated as the match went on, so it's a victory, but slightly hollow," said Millman. "I feel for him."
On Thursday, an IndiGo airlines flight had to be diverted to Mumbai after a passenger accused his co-passenger of shouting pro Islamic State slogans, resulting in a commotion.
The flight was originally travelling from Dubai to Kozhikode. After the argument between the two passengers, the flight captain decided to make an emergency landing at Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport in Mumbai around 9:15 am today.
Following which, Mumbai police detained the two passengers for unruly behaviour and causing a commotion on the flight. While investigation is underway and the men are being interrogated, police are unsure if anyone shouted an pro-IS slogans on the flight.
“Two passengers have been detained after the airlines complained of passengers fighting on board. We can't confirm ISIS slogans right now,” Airport Police DCP told ANI.
A police official also said that a case will be registered against the men based on their and the crew's statements.
Meanwhile, IndiGo has also refrained from confirming if the passenger indeed shouted any pro-IS slogans. “A passenger suddenly started misbehaving with the crew, jumped on the forward cart (used for food and on board merchandise), and sat on it,” the airline said in a statement.
The flight left for Kozhikode after the passengers were detained at Mumbai. The identity of the two passengers has not been revealed till now.
Back to the latest news
Striker signs two year deal at Newcastle as Mick steps up replacement hunt
Daryl Murphy's move to Newcastle has been finalised with the striker signing a two year contract at St James' Park.
The 33-year-old Republic of Ireland international, in the last year of his contract at Portman Road, travelled to the north east on Saturday for a medical and the paperwork has now been completed, with the fee undisclosed.
Murphy had three loan spells at Town before signing permanently in 2013 and in total, made 225 appearances for Blues, scoring 67 goals.
“Murph has been terrific for us but I think we have been good for him as well,” Town boss Mick McCarthy told the Club website.
“I hope he goes up there and is a big success for them because he's been a great servant for Ipswich Town. Good luck to him.
“Newcastle probably think they can get back to the Premier League so it's a good move for him but it's a good deal for us as well and we will reinvest the money.
“I've no doubt we will get someone in. I've been on the phone non-stop recently so we will see what happens over the next few days.”
'All's well that ends well."
That's how Dr. Chris Simpson, president of the Canadian Medical Association, greeted the news that Canada finally has a new chief public health officer, and he's right.
The new CPHO, Dr. Gregory Taylor, is the right person for the job.
Story continues below advertisement
What is perplexing is that it took Health Minister Rona Ambrose (or, more precisely, the apparatchik in the PMO who ultimately makes this sort of decision) 16 months to figure it out.
The government of Stephen Harper is so dogmatically determined to disassociate itself from the health-care file that it dithers over important decisions such as the appointment of Canada's top doctor.
It is by sheer luck that, in the 16 months the post remained vacant, there was an unusual lull in domestic public-health disasters.
And it is doubly lucky that Dr. Taylor, who has held a number of positions in the Public Health Agency of Canada, has done yeoman's work by filling the position on an interim basis.
But the worrisome spread of Ebola, the imminent arrival of flu season and the fact that the federal election is just a year away, seem to have finally convinced the PMO that it was time to check this task off the list.
Now, hopefully, they can stay out of Dr. Taylor's hair and let him do his job.
His public preoccupation, of course, will be Ebola.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
His administrative priority will be hiring a new head of the National Microbiology Laboratory (NML), another key public-health post that has been vacant since March, when Dr. Frank Plummer, a world-renowned HIV-AIDS researcher, stepped down from the job he had held since 2001.
Canada is a world leader in Ebola research, so it's incumbent that the NML be firing on all cylinders.
There has been only one other chief public health officer. David Butler-Jones was hired in 2003 when the Public Health Agency of Canada was created in the wake of SARS, an outbreak that hit Canada hard and highlighted how our public health infrastructure had been so neglected that it left the public at risk.
Dr. Butler-Jones managed to build the PHAC into a respectable institution with a staff of 2,500 and a $600-million a year budget. But he suffered a stroke in May, 2012, and was unable to return to full-time work and formally stepped down in June, 2013.
With those two stalwarts of Canadian public health stepping aside, it was time for a new era to begin. Ottawa's foot-dragging has essentially left things in limbo.
If governments are smart, they will recognize that the role of the CPHO is to speak truth to power, to deliver public-health messages that are necessary but not always popular or aligned with the platforms of political parties.
Story continues below advertisement
Messages such as: Vaccination is essential, fluoridation is necessary, e-cigarettes need to be regulated (not banned), and harm reduction measures such as supervised injection sites save lives.
He also has some really big backroom challenges, such as persuading cash-strapped government to not make short-sighted cuts to public-health and health-promotion programs, and to invest in public-health human resources. It's hard to attract and retain public-health officials because they are poorly paid. Dr. Taylor, for example, will be paid somewhere between $195,599 and $231,924, well below the $328,000 average income of a Canadian physician.
The advantage Dr. Taylor has going forward is that he has essentially been doing the job for 2 1/2 years. He knows the political limitations, but he also has the confidence and diplomatic skills to push the boundaries.
Public health is, at the best of times, a juggling act, and Canada has a new leader who's pretty adept at keep a good number of hot potatoes in the air at any one time.
It's just unfortunate that we've waited so long to let him take centre stage.
Denials from Beijing after computer systems are targeted at Office of Personnel Management, which holds details on entire staff of US government
The Obama administration is scrambling to assess the impact of a massive data breach involving the agency that handles security clearances and US government employee records, with suspicion quickly falling on China, which has been accused of carrying out cyber-espionage against the US in the past.
Government officials familiar with the situation told the Associated Press the hack occurred at the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) and the Interior Department, and could potentially affect four million people at every federal agency.
The OPM is the human resources department for the federal government and does checks for security clearances.
A US law enforcement source told the Reuters news agency on Thursday night that a “foreign entity or government” was believed to be behind the attack. Authorities were looking into a possible Chinese connection, the news agency said, quoting a source close to the matter.
Chinese officials issued swift denials, with foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei branding the accusations irresponsible and unscientific at a news briefing on Friday. “We know that hacker attacks are conducted anonymously, across nations, and that it is hard to track the source,” Hong said. “It's irresponsible and unscientific to make conjectural, trumped-up allegations without deep investigation.”
“The FBI is conducting an investigation to identify how and why this occurred,” the department of homeland security said in a statement on Thursday. “DHS is continuing to monitor federal networks for any suspicious activity and is working aggressively with the affected agencies to conduct investigative analysis to assess the extent of this alleged intrusion.”
Reports in the New York Times and Washington Post on Thursday, both citing unnamed sources in the federal government, reported Chinese hackers were behind the breach.
Senator Susan Collins, a Maine Republican, said the hackers were believed to be based in China.
Collins, a member of the Senate intelligence committee, said the breach was “yet another indication of a foreign power probing successfully and focusing on what appears to be data that would identify people with security clearances”.
The Chinese embassy in Washington responded that jumping to conclusions was “not responsible” and “counterproductive”.
Embassy spokesman Zhu Haiquan said China had made great efforts to combat cyberattacks and that tracking such events conducted across borders was difficult.
A Pentagon report in April said hackers associated with the Chinese government repeatedly targeted US military networks seeking intelligence during 2014.
US Representative Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House select intelligence committee, said: “The last few months have seen a series of massive data breaches that have affected millions of Americans.
He called the latest intrusion “among the most shocking because Americans may expect that federal computer networks are maintained with state-of-the-art defences”.
“It's clear that a substantial improvement in our cyber databases and defences is perilously overdue,” Schiff said.
Senate intelligence committee chairman Richard Burr said the government must overhaul its cybersecurity defenses. “Our response to these attacks can no longer simply be notifying people after their personal information has been stolen,” he said. “We must start to prevent these breaches in the first place.”
The largest federal employee union, the AFGE, said it would “demand accountability”. The union's president, J David Cox, said it was working with the administration to ensure measures were taken to secure the personal information of affected employees.
In November a former DHS contractor disclosed another cyber-breach that compromised the private files of more than 25,000 DHS workers and thousands of other federal employees.
DHS said its intrusion detection system, known as Einstein, which screens federal internet traffic to identify potential cyber threats, identified the hack of OPM's systems and the Interior Department's data centre, which is shared by other federal agencies.
“DHS is continuing to monitor federal networks for any suspicious activity and is working aggressively with the affected agencies to conduct investigative analysis to assess the extent of this alleged intrusion,” the statement said.
Members of Congress were briefed on the breach on Thursday.
The hack follows an attack on the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) that compromised the details of 100,000 taxpayers. On Wednesday the IRS commissioner John Koskinen appeared before a Senate committee and blamed the attack on underfunding and the agency's inability to keep up with increasingly sophisticated threats.
“This incident provides a stark reminder that even security controls that may have been adequate in the past can be overcome by hackers, who are anonymous, persistent and have access to vast amounts of personal data and knowledge,” J Russell George, treasury inspector general for tax administration, told the Senate finance committee.
Ken Ammon, chief strategy officer at Xceedium, a government security contractor that specialises in securing privileged access to systems, said: “What we are seeing across the board is a particular weakness in our defence systems.”
Ammon said sophisticated hacking operations funded by nation states were targeting system administrators and gaining access to massive amounts of data. “What you want to be able to do is cut your loses, make sure the attack is isolated to that particular individual and not the terabytes of information stored on the servers.”
In April Barack Obama responded to a growing rash of attacks aimed at US computer networks by launching a sanctions program to target individuals and groups outside the United States that use cyberattacks to threaten US foreign policy, national security or economic stability.
The move followed indictments of five Chinese military officers who were charged with economic espionage. US officials also pointed the finger directly at North Korea for a high-profile attack on Sony over a film spoof depicting the assassination of North Korea's leader.
China has routinely denied accusations by US investigators that hackers backed by the Chinese government have been behind attacks on US companies and federal agencies.
Obama has moved cybersecurity toward the top of his 2015 agenda after recent breaches and the White House says he raises the issue in meetings with Chinese President Xi Jinping. US military officials have become increasingly vocal about cyber espionage and attacks launched by China, Russia and others.
In unveiling an updated cyber strategy in May, the US defense secretary, Ash Carter, singled out threats from Russia, China, Iran and North Korea and stressed the military's ability to retaliate with cyber weapons.
The Associated Press and Reuters contributed to this report
This is the first article in a series that reviews news coverage of the 2016 general election, explores how Donald Trump won and why his chances were underrated by the most of the American media.
Donald Trump's victory in last November's election victory came despite the fact that he lost the popular vote by 2.1 percentage points, making for the widest discrepancy between the popular vote and the Electoral College since 1876. So one measure of the quality of horse-race analysis is in how seriously it entertained the possibility of such a split in Trump's favor. This is one point on which the data geeks generally came closer to getting the right answer. FiveThirtyEight's statistical model, for example, saw the Electoral College as a significant advantage for Trump, and projected that he'd be about even money to win the Electoral College even if he lost the popular vote by 1 to 2 percentage points. Overall, it assigned a 10.5 percent chance to Trump's winning the Electoral College while losing the popular vote, but less than a 1 percent chance of Hillary Clinton's doing the same.
By contrast, much of the conventional reporting during the campaign wrongly presumed that the Electoral College would be an advantage for Clinton. For instance, on July 30 — at a time just after the conventions when national polls showed Clinton and Trump almost tied — The New York Times wrote of Trump's “daunting electoral map” and narrow path to 270 electoral votes:
Even as Mr. Trump has ticked up in national polls in recent weeks, senior Republicans say his path to the 270 Electoral College votes needed for election has remained narrow — and may have grown even more precarious. It now looks exceedingly difficult for him to assemble even the barest Electoral College majority without beating Hillary Clinton in a trifecta of the biggest swing states: Florida, Ohio and Pennsylvania.
The article would go on to cite premises that reflected the idea of the “emerging Democratic majority,” the phrase coming from the title of a 2002 book by John Judis and Ruy Teixeira, which argued that the country's changing demographics — particularly, the growing number of minority and college-educated voters — worked in Democrats' favor. For instance, the Times implied that Trump's problems among “Hispanic voters and suburban moderates” constituted an especially big liability in the Electoral College.
But the “emerging Democratic majority” had a lot of flaws, some of which had been pointed out by data-savvy journalists for years. (See for example Real ClearPolitics's Sean Trende, The Upshot's Nate Cohn, and FiveThirtyEight contributor David Wasserman.) One basic problem with the theory is that while white voters without college degrees might have been declining as a share of the electorate, they still represented a hugely influential group and significantly outnumbered racial minorities in the electorate. According to Wasserman's estimates, 42 percent of voters are whites without college degrees. By comparison, 27 percent of voters are nonwhite. If white noncollege voters were to start voting Republican by the same margins that minorities voted for Democrats, Democrats were potentially in a lot of trouble, even if they also made gains among college-educated whites.
Furthermore, whites without college degrees are overrepresented in swing states as compared to the country as a whole. Sure, there were some exceptions, such as Virginia. But in the average swing state — weighted by its likelihood of being the tipping-point state — whites without college degrees make up an average of 45.3 percent of the electorate, higher than their 41.6 percent share nationwide. That's a big part of why Clinton won the popular vote while losing the Electoral College.
STATE TIPPING-POINT CHANCE WHITE NON-COLLEGE SHARE Florida 17.6% 40.1% – Pennsylvania 12.3 49.8 – Michigan 11.7 52.5 – North Carolina 11.2 40.4 – Virginia 6.0 36.7 – Colorado 6.0 41.6 – Ohio 5.2 53.3 – Wisconsin 4.8 57.2 – Minnesota 3.8 53.7 – Nevada 3.7 41.9 – Arizona 2.8 41.6 – New Mexico 2.8 27.5 – New Hampshire 2.3 56.5 – Georgia 2.3 34.2 – Iowa 1.3 62.0 – Weighted avg. of tipping-point states 45.3 – United States 41.6 – Swing states had an above average share of white noncollege voters The weighted average includes states where the tipping-point chance was below Iowa's 1.3 percent.
The “emerging Democratic majority” also hadn't held up that well empirically. Since the book was written, Democrats had good election cycles in 2006, 2008 and 2012 but bad ones in 2004, 2010 and 2014 — and had decent results in federal elections but had fared miserably in elections for governor and state legislatures.
Why then, did the idea have such currency? One reason may be that it was seductive to liberal cosmopolitans, a category that includes most journalists at the Times and at other news outlets (including FiveThirtyEight). If you live in a big city and work in an industry dominated by college-educated professionals, you might intuitively overestimate the education level of the electorate and how rapidly it was diversifying.
There's a more banal possibility also: The failure to see Clinton's vulnerabilities in the Electoral College reflected a lack of attention to detail. It was easy to make a superficial case along the following lines: Democrats had won two presidential elections in a row, the minority population was growing, and states such as Arizona were becoming more competitive. Therefore, Advantage Clinton in the Electoral College. By contrast, the flaws in the argument required a pencil and paper — or a spreadsheet — to work out. If you weren't being careful, you might have missed that the Midwestern states moving away from Clinton had a lot more electoral votes than the ones like Arizona that were moving toward her, or that polls showed her substantially underperforming Obama in middle-class states such as Pennsylvania and Michigan. Another important detail — as discovered by Cohn — is that exit polls had probably overstated the diversity and education levels of the electorate.
Or it may be that these are really two sides of the same coin: Because journalists were predisposed toward the assumption that the country was too diverse to elect Trump, they didn't probe it for flaws as much as they might have otherwise. The “emerging Democratic majority” was reasonable-sounding argument, but it didn't hold up well to scrutiny and it didn't get enough of it.
VIDEO: The long, storied history of Inauguration Day weather
Black farmers selling land back to whites
Cape Town - Black farmers have resold nearly 30% of the white farmland bought for them by the government, often selling back to the previous white owners, Land Reform Minister Gugile Nkwinti said on Wednesday.
He said the government had bought about 6 000 000ha to date, of which nearly 2 000 000ha has been resold.
"The government bought land and handed it over to aspirant farmers who then sold it again, in many instances back to the original owner," Nkwinti said.
Nkwinti was speaking at Wednesday's launch of a long-delayed new draft reform policy that aims to overhaul lagging efforts to transfer farms to the black majority, with restrictions on private and foreign land ownership
The 11-page draft sets out the state's vision to transform land ownership patterns and will lay the basis for future legislation.
Land Reform Minister Gugile Nkwinti reaffirmed South Africa's commitment to an open market system, where only willing private owners will sell to the state, but said the state planned to act on "distorted" pricing.
"There are no silver bullets to the resolution of the post-colonial land questions anywhere in the world," Nkwinti told reporters.
"In our country we wanted to solve it yesterday - it's not possible, such an emotive issue. So we think it's going to take a bit of time and it will require patience."
The draft proposes the leasing of state and public land, limits on private land, conditions and obligations for foreign owners, and communal tenure on land under traditional chiefs.
National asset
"Anywhere else, foreigners do own land but on strict conditions if they actually have that privilege of owning land," said Nkwinti.
"In our country as well, we have reached the point that we want to make sure that we take control of the national asset that is land. We've got to make sure that we do exactly the same as other countries are doing, to control the holdings of our land by foreigners in the interests of our country."
The state plans to keep buying white-owned farms to redistribute to blacks, but proposes tackling the sticky problem of pricing with a new land value office that will "level the playing field".
"The willing-buyer willing-seller model on its own, it's a problem, because it distorts the market," said Nkwinti, pointing to above market value prices.
"There will always be a willing-buyer willing-seller model working, except we want to make sure that some of the vagaries would be dealt with."
Redistribution efforts have largely failed so far with only 10% of redistributed projects productive - of 6.3 million hectares transferred - and Nkwinti said land reform targets were "slippery".
A previous bid to transfer 30% of farms by 2014 was unlikely as R40bn was needed to buy farms.
"I can't see us raising that kind of money to acquire the 30% we're talking about by 2014," he said.
The target had been "to transfer 30% of the 82 million hectares that is arable land in the hands of white commercial farmers to black emerging farmers," Nkwinti later told AFP.
"That's where you have a challenge - it's a fiscal issue as well as it's a qualitative, productive issue."
Sensitive issue
The proposed restriction on private land is a concern, said Annelize Crosby, legal adviser of the commercial farmers body Agri SA.
"We are very worried about the potential consequences of such a step because if you start interfering with that, there will be consequences," she told AFP.
"It's a very complex issue. I can see why it would be an attractive option for the ministry and government but I don't think they fully realise the possible consequences of such a step and just the complexity of it."
Last year, a quarter of the land buying budget was allocated to rescue collapsing projects, with 100% productivity now being targeted.
A land management commission is also proposed to advise, co-ordinate and regulate on land matters with subpoena rights and the power to seize or confiscate land gained corruptly.
Land is a sensitive issue in southern Africa where reforms in neighbouring Zimbabwe from 2000 saw more than 3 000 white-owned farms seized by militant supporters of President Robert Mugabe.
South Africa's much anticipated and delayed strategy will be open for public comments.
"We don't have answers, ready answers," said Nkwinti who said the "streamlined" document was meant to be a platform for discussion.
"We're looking for answers but we will search for answers together. What we have is a vision of where we should be going and the kind of institutions that will support that vision and make us actually realise it."
PHILADELPHIA -- Just about everyone in the Delaware Valley and across the NFL landscape was impressed by Eagles kicker Jake Elliott's 61-yard game-winning field goal against the Giants as time expired Sunday at Lincoln Financial Field.
That is, everyone except Elliott's former head coach.
Asked about Elliott's game-winner during his Wednesday press conference, Bengals head coach Marvin Lewis wasn't exactly complimentary to the kicker his team drafted in the fifth-round of April's NFL Draft and had been on the Bengals' practice squad prior to the Eagles signing him after Week 1:
Did you see Jake Elliott's FG? Marvin: "No. He's what? 3 of 5 since he got there?" Savage... #Bengals @fox19 -- Jeremy Rauch (@FOX19Jeremy) September 27, 2017
Prior to making the game-winning try against the Giants in Week 3, Elliott missed a 30-yard attempt against the Kansas City Chiefs at the end of the first half in Week 2, and also was wide on a 50-yarder earlier in the game on Sunday.
Inside Jake Elliott's game-winner
"It's kind of all a blur to me," Elliott admitted of the kick. "I don't really know; all I know is that the ball was in the air for a really long time and [it was] real close to that right upright.
"I mean I was definitely questioning it while it was in the air, but it felt really good off the foot and just thankful it stayed right there."
While Lewis is technically correct in his comments, it certainly feels like some unnecessary criticism for the rookie.
Matt Lombardo may be reached at MLombardo@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @MattLombardoPHL.
Finally finished my ‘Gog Magog' piece. I've been reading Cyclonopedia: Complicity with Anonymous Materials which is a weird meta fiction book written by a middle eastern philosopher. It talks at length about petropolytics and delves into some sort of weird numerology that I found fascinating.
What I represented here was what the book calls the broken star, or the Cross of Ankht. It differentiates itself from the jewish Tree of Life by adopting the (imperfect) nine base instead of an ascendant ten-step path to perfection. It makes the case that while the Sephirot comes full circle in perfection (10 = 0), the broken star goes back to zero (9 = 0) crumbling from 9 peaks in its original form to an inverted cross to an horizontal line (the horizon on the desert). So while the Sephirot is life, the Broken Star is death.
The cross is arranged so the peaks + troughs are equal to nine, and are then arranged in this way to denote the way internal and external forces come together:
oi62.tinypic.com/155p08o.jpg
As can be clearly seen, that is the arrangement I portrayed. (3 teeth = 6 eyes, 5 fingers = 4 jewels, 2 fingers = 7 wounds, vagina (which is horizontal 8 also infinity) = 1 penis which also hides 2 which makes 3 and thus hides YHWH, and 9=0 which is tied to the ground which ties it back to oil/petropolytics.
I put in some other stuff, like Jachin and Boaz on the hermaphrodite's legs (the pillars of the Temple of Solomon), the alchemical dragon on the semicircle under its genitals and the face of the sun (which is mentioned as the victim of earth's tellurian dynamics in the text). The dead cow's head is to be read using its spanish denomination - Vaca Muerta, which is the site of a massive oil well in Argentina which has been a frequent figure in my country's petropolytics.
BEIRUT (Reuters) - With moderate rebels facing defeat by al Qaeda in Syria's north, groups holding a corner of the south are seeking a higher profile and more help, as the last Western-backed forces holding out against both President Bashar al-Assad and the jihadists.
Rebel fighters fire an anti-aircraft weapon towards what activists said was a helicopter belonging to forces loyal to Syria's President Bashar al-Assad and dropping a barrel bomb in the old city of Aleppo November 12, 2014. REUTERS/Abdalrhman Ismail
The southern rebels, described by Western officials as the best organized of the mainstream opposition, say they are the last hope for a revolution hijacked by jihadists. In recent days they have laid out a transition plan for a Syria without Assad, taking on a political role that in the past they left to others.
Washington says backing “moderate” rebels is central to its new strategy to defeat the jihadists without helping Assad, put in place since the United States began bombing Sunni Islamist fighters from Islamic State in Syria in September.
But since the U.S. bombing began, many Western-backed rebel groups have been hammered by both the government and jihadists. Last week, al Qaeda's Syria branch, the Nusra Front, routed pro-Western rebels in one of their final strongholds in the north.
Assad's forces control Damascus, the Mediterranean coast and much of the area in between. Islamic State, an al Qaeda offshoot, controls the east, while Nusra controls much of the northwest and is expanding at the expense of moderates.
The southern provinces near the Jordanian border are an exception, where rebels calling themselves the “Southern Front” still control territory and have managed to resist Assad while avoiding direct clashes with the Nusra Front.
Last week, 15 groups in the Southern Front drew up a political program, a step which separates them from the exile-led opposition widely seen across Syria as a failure.
As the rare non-jihadist movement which still controls territory, they hope to receive more aid from the West to avoid suffering the same fate as Western allies who have been crushed by jihadists and government forces elsewhere.
NOW IS THE TIME
In the past, rebels on the ground have mainly steered clear of politics, a subject left to umbrella groups like the largely exile-based National Coalition, which meets in Turkey. But leaders of the Southern Front say they have decided to take political issues into their own hands.
“We did not get involved in these matters before. We left them to others. But now it is time. We can no longer risk squandering Syria,” defected army officer Abu Osama al-Jolani, 37, southern commander of the Syria Revolutionaries' Front, told Reuters in an interview over the Internet.
Their plan, still unpublished but disclosed to Reuters, calls for turning the Southern Front rebels into a civilian security force. National institutions including the military would be safeguarded, and a technocratic interim authority would be set up to be followed by elections.
The plan emphasizes protection for all Syrians regardless of religious, cultural or ethnic affiliations - language apparently aimed at reassuring Assad's Alawite sect and Christians who fear the alternative to him is a radical Islamist government.
It could be in line with thinking in Washington, where CNN reported Obama wants a policy review, realizing Islamic State may not be defeated without a transition and Assad's removal.
Abu Hamza al-Qabouni, a rebel leader from Damascus and part of the Southern Front, said the group had decided to move ahead with a political plan because there was no longer any point waiting for the war to be resolved countrywide.
“The problem of the north is very complicated. If we wait for a solution to it, years could go by without us solving the Syrian crisis.”
The movement could later grow to include other groups that also hold real power on the ground, said Bashar al-Zoubi, whose Yarmouk Army is one of the strongest groups in the south.
“The factions mentioned are some of the biggest, and this alliance will expand. Any transition or political process needs people on the ground to safeguard it.”
CHALLENGE
The effort presents a challenge to the Western-backed opposition coalition based in Turkey, which has little sway on the ground but claims political authority over the “Free Syrian Army” (FSA) uniting mainstream rebel fighters.
The southern rebels “want to present themselves as a viable alternative to the Free Syrian Army in the north and the coalition, which was stillborn,” said Fayez al-Dweiri, a retired Jordanian general who follows the Syrian war closely.
Apart from in the south and pockets in Aleppo, “the FSA has been effectively decimated and no longer effectively exists,” Dweiri said.
A short drive from Damascus and bordering Jordan and Israel, the south is strategically important. Countries that oppose Assad could increase pressure on him by arming rebels there.
But foreign support has so far been limited, helping the rebels hold ground but not allowing a major advance northwards.
Meanwhile, Nusra Front is moving in. It set off an international crisis in September by seizing dozens of U.N. peacekeepers on the Golan Heights.
So far, Nusra has fought alongside the southern rebels against Assad's forces, although the rebels say there is no coordination. Dweiri, the Jordanian general, said Nusra had not tried to impose its sway over the southern rebels because the south was the one area where the non-Jihadists were stronger.
Nevertheless Jolani predicted a battle ahead. Nusra had declared a war on all “national forces”, he said: “It started in the north and will soon apply it to the south.”
Jordan's tight control of the frontier means the south has not been infiltrated by foreign jihadist fighters to the same extent as the north, where Nusra and Islamic State have gained from the arrival of hundreds of militants via Turkey.
Aid to southern rebels flows through Jordan, where a joint operations room of Western and Arab states funnels support to vetted groups, according to officials familiar with the process. Arms began reaching the southern rebels earlier this year.
“Support brought excellent results, particularly the TOW missiles which reduced the effectiveness of their tanks,” said Zoubi. But he added: “We need more”.
“From the south, we can build the nucleus that will be the hope for Syria.”
10:52pm: If Liriano's option year vests at $5MM or $6MM, he can earn the difference between that and the full $8MM based on games started in 2014, Jon Heyman of CBSSports.com tweets.
10:13pm: The Pirates confirmed the signing via press release. Liriano will be guaranteed just $1MM in 2013 and can earn up to $4.75MM through incentives in 2013 based on time spent on the DL due to his right arm injury, a source tells Bill Brink of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (on Twitter). The left-hander can still make the original $12.75MM, however, if he stays healthy and has his option vest at $8MM (Twitter link). That option's value could be worth just $5MM or $6MM based on missed time.
12:27pm: Long after initially agreeing to term, the Pirates have finalized their two-year agreement with free agent left-hander Francisco Liriano. Liriano passed his physical and his deal with the Pirates is now official, Ken Rosenthal of FOX Sports reports (on Twitter).
The deal now includes language that protects the Pirates in case Liriano misses time due to an injury to his non-throwing arm, Rosenthal reports. Liriano will still earn $12.75MM if he misses no time due to the right arm injury, but his 2013 salary would be reduced if he does miss time because of the injury, which occurred last month.
Liriano, a client of the Legacy Agency, pitched for the Twins and White Sox this past season. He posted a 5.34 ERA with 9.6 K/9, 5.0 BB/9 and a 43.8% ground ball rate in 156 2/3 innings. It marked the second consecutive season that Liriano pitched to an ERA above 5.00 while walking 5.0 batters per nine innings. His last standout season came in 2010, when he posted a 3.62 ERA with 9.4 K/9 and 2.7 BB/9, generating some Cy Young votes.
However, as a hard-throwing 29-year-old left-hander (his fastball averaged 93 mph in 2012) with a history of success at the MLB level, Liriano was definitely going to draw interest as a free agent. The Mets and Twins were also linked to him this offseason.
As MLBTR's Free Agent Tracker shows, Liriano's contract resembles recent deals signed by free agents Hisashi Iwakuma ($14MM for two years), Joe Blanton ($15MM for two years) and Brandon McCarthy ($15.5MM for two years).
Liriano joins A.J. Burnett, Wandy Rodriguez and James McDonald in Pittsburgh's rotation. It's unclear whether GM Neal Huntington will continue seeking pitching depth at this stage in the offseason.
Liriano ranked 28th on MLBTR's list of top 50 free agents. Kyle Lohse remains the top free agent starter available.
Photo courtesy of USA Today Sports Images. Mike Axisa and Zach Links contributed to this post. La Velle E. Neal III of the Minneapolis Star-Tribune first reported the agreement, Jon Heyman of CBSSports.com first reported its value, and Rob Biertempfel of the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review first reported the right arm injury.
The US Department of Defense recently promulgated a new "defense" guidance document: "Sustaining US Global Leadership: Priorities for 21st Century Defense." I use scare quotes because it just doesn't seem quite right to use "defense" to describe a document that — like its predecessors — envisions something like an American Thousand-Year Reich.
The greatest shift in emphasis is in the section "Project power despite Anti-Access/Area Denial Challenges." The "threat" to be countered is that China and Iran "will continue to pursue asymmetric means to counter our power projection capabilities."
That refers to a long-standing phenomenon: What Pentagon analysts call "Assassin's Mace" weapons — cheap, agile weapons that render expensive, high-tech, weapons systems ineffective at a cost several orders of magnitude cheaper than the Pentagon's gold-plated turds. In the context of "area denial," they include cheap anti-ship mines, surface-to-air missiles, and anti-ship missiles like the Sunburn (which some believe could destroy or severely damage aircraft carriers).
Thus the Pentagon defines as a "threat" a country's ability to defend itself effectively against attack or to prevent an enemy from putting offensive forces into place to attack it. Yes, you read that right: to the American national security establishment, it's considered threatening when you prepare to defend yourself against attack by the United States. It's the perspective of a Family Circus character: "Mommy, he hit me back!" That kind of double standard is pretty common in the National Security State's assessment of the world.
What can one say of a situation in which America runs a military budget equal to the rest of the industrialized world put together, maintains military bases in half the countries around the globe, routinely intervenes to overthrow governments, rings China with military bases — then solemnly announces that China's military establishment is "far larger than called for by its legitimate defensive needs?"
Considering that the US considers its "legitimate defensive needs" to encompass outspending the other top ten military powers in the world combined and maintaining the ability to preemptively attack any other country in the world, it's hard to guess what the Pentagon's criterion is for determining China's "legitimate defensive needs." But it's safe to say "legitimate" defensive forces don't extend to the ability for China to defend its territory against attack from the main actual threat facing it: A global superpower trying to turn China's neighborhood into a battlefield.
And how about attacking Saddam for "making war on his own neighbors" — when the US actively supported his invasion of Iran in the 1980s? Not to mention the US Marines waltzing in and out of most of America's Caribbean "neighbors" throughout the middle of the 20th century. Did they have "incubator babies" in Nicaragua and Costa Rica back in the 1930s?
To Washington, any country capable of resisting American attack, or of "defying" American commands (whether under a UN Security Council figleaf or not) is by definition a "threat." And any country inflicting significant losses on US military forces, in the process of defending itself against American military attack, is guilty of aggression (against US attempts to "defend our freedom," one presumes).
American perceptions of "self-defense" and "aggression" are as distorted as those of Nazi Germany. When the only way you can "defend yourself" against another country's "threat" is to go to the other side of the world to fight it, because it lacks the logistical capability to project military force more than a few hundred miles outside its own borders — and the main "threat" is its ability to fight back when you attack it — you know something's pretty messed up.
Originally published at the Center for a Stateless Society | Licensed for reproduction under Creative Commons Attribution 3.0
Read more by Kevin Carson
Mike Pence has finally turned over his state-related emails in response to numerous pending public records requests. But his lawyers are the ones deciding what "state-related" means, and accountability watchdogs are not happy about that.
Mike Pence tried for as long as he could to obstruct public efforts to access the private AOL email account through which he conducted official business as governor of Indiana.
Now the Indy Star reports that he had finally turned over the remaining state-related emails near the end of June — almost six months after leaving the governor's office.
But government accountability groups are doubtful that we have the whole story, as Pence is hiding behind his corporate lawyers to attempt to avoid further scrutiny.
Zachary Baiel, the president of the Indiana Coalition for Open Government, asked a crucial question: “What is the criteria his private law firm used to determine what is private use and what is state use?”
And Julia Vaughn of Common Cause Indiana pointed out that the marked delay in submitting the emails is also a matter of concern. “It certainly feels like the Pence folks were dragging their feet,” she said. And people will wonder why.
This trove of emails is in electronic format, rather than the harder-to-search paper form like the previous batches, but it was Pence's lawyers who made the determination about which emails could be considered “state-related.”
Neither the [current Indiana governor Eric] Holcomb administration nor Pence's office would disclose how many emails from Pence's AOL accounts have now been transferred electronically to the state, and it remains unclear how many of those emails were previously unavailable for public record searches. […] Pence's attorneys are only providing emails they consider to be related to state business, but [Pence spokesperson Marc] Lotter did not answer questions about how those determinations are being made.
There is plenty of reason for watchdog groups and the public as a whole to doubt the veracity and trustworthiness of Pence and his team.
Putting up such stubborn resistance to the more than 50 public records requests already made it clear that Pence likely had much to hide within those private, yet official, emails.
Many of the requests were related to controversial and unpopular policies Pence promoted as governor, such as the so-called “Religious Freedom Restoration Act,” which sought to enshrine anti-LGBTQ bigotry into law; the role that Pence's cuts to Planned Parenthood played in a worsening HIV epidemic; and a frightening spread of lead poisoning among 1,000 residents in East Chicago, Indiana.
Pence may not want the public to discover the whole damaging story on these issues, but the public certainly has the right to know.
And it was always rather rich for Pence to have used a private AOL email account to conduct extensive official business, and then to attempt to hide the contents of those emails, when he joined Donald Trump and other Republicans in lambasting Hillary Clinton over her own use of private emails.
Pence may be running a barely-hidden shadow campaign for president, as Trump is further enveloped by the Russia scandals and dismal polling numbers.
But he has already proven himself to be just as unfit for office, and unwilling to meet its standards, as his boss.
Von Miller is as untouchable gets, but that didn't stop SB Nation from calling for a trade.
The online sports outlet included the Denver Broncos superstar on a list of six deals that would shock the NFL. The proposed trade? Miller to the Atlanta Falcons for two first-round picks and a second-round pick.
Yes, seriously:
The Denver Broncos learned this season that their defense wouldn't be able to carry the team by itself as it did when they won the Super Bowl two seasons ago. The Falcons had just about everything they needed to win Super Bowl LI, but ultimately came up short in blowing a 25-point lead. The defense of the Falcons improved immensely as the season progressed, to be fair. Adding Miller as another pass rusher would make the Falcons nearly a superteam in the NFL. Their offensive arsenal is already loaded with Matt Ryan, Julio Jones, Devonta Freeman, and Tevin Coleman. Defensively, Vic Beasley surprised everyone by leading the NFL in sacks, and Grady Jarrett put on a dang show in the Super Bowl. The young defensive backs like Robert Alford and Keanu Neal have showed promise. Add Miller to that equation, and that's as complete as a team gets.
What's next for the Denver Broncos? Don't miss out on any news, take a second to sign up for our FREE Broncos newsletter!
That's all well and good for Atlanta, but what do the Broncos get out of this? A few extra draft selections?
Pass.
Miller, a five-time Pro Bowler, is the engine behind Denver's dominant defense, and the key cog in the team's 2015 championship run. You don't trade away Super Bowl MVPs in the prime of their career, certainly not in exchange for three unproven rookie prospects.
Barring the unforeseen, Miller, 27, will play out the duration of his contract in the Mile High City.
And then sign another.
Follow Zack Kelberman on Twitter: @Kelberman247
On Sunday's Last Week Tonight, John Oliver finally took on billionaire Donald Trump.
"I get that the character of Donald Trump is entertaining, and that he says things that people want to hear," Oliver said. "And I know that his very name is powerful."
But Oliver argued that Trump isn't what he seems. Here are some of the qualities many supporters have listed about Trump — and Oliver's counterpoints:
"He tells it like it is" : "Does he? Because the website PolitiFact checked 77 of his statements, and rated 76 percent of them as varying degrees of false."
"Does he? Because the website PolitiFact checked 77 of his statements, and rated 76 percent of them as varying degrees of false." "He is truly independent and not beholden to anyone" : "While it is true that he hasn't taken corporate money, the implication that he has personally spent $20 to $25 million is a bit of a stretch, because what he's actually done is loaned his own campaign $17.5 million and has just personally given just $250,000. And that's important, because up until the convention he can pay himself back for the loan with campaign funds."
"While it is true that he hasn't taken corporate money, the implication that he has personally spent $20 to $25 million is a bit of a stretch, because what he's actually done is loaned his own campaign $17.5 million and has just personally given just $250,000. And that's important, because up until the convention he can pay himself back for the loan with campaign funds." "He's tough" : "For a tough guy, he has incredibly thin skin. Back in 1988, Spy magazine called him a short-fingered vulgarian. And ever since, the editor Graydon Carter says he receives envelopes from Trump, always with a photo on which he circled his hand to highlight the length of his fingers, usually with a note reading, 'See, not so short!'"
"For a tough guy, he has incredibly thin skin. Back in 1988, Spy magazine called him a short-fingered vulgarian. And ever since, the editor Graydon Carter says he receives envelopes from Trump, always with a photo on which he circled his hand to highlight the length of his fingers, usually with a note reading, 'See, not so short!'" "His success": "While yes, he has made more money than most of us will make in a lifetime, not only did he get a multimillion-dollar inheritance from his father, but he's also lost a huge amount."
Oliver then played a clip of Trump's daughter saying, "I remember once my father and I were walking down Fifth Avenue and there was a homeless person sitting right outside of Trump Tower. And I remember my father pointing to him and saying, 'You know, that guy has $8 billion more than me.' Because he was in such extreme debt at that point."
Oliver also noted one other issue with Trump: He's wildly inconsistent. "He's been pro-choice and pro-life, for and against assault weapon bans, in favor of both bringing in Syrian refugees and deporting them out of the country."
Or take Trump's inconsistent statements on former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke's endorsement of Trump. To CNN, Trump said, "I don't know anything about David Duke. Okay? I don't know anything about what you're even talking about with white supremacy or white supremacists."
Oliver was not having it, pointing to Trump's past remarks to journalists: "Really? That's your best answer there? Because you definitely know who he is — partly because you called him 'a bigot' and 'a racist' in the past."
Oliver concluded that the best way to take down Trump is to uncouple him from his brand — his name. And it turns out that the Trump family's name was once Drumpf. Oliver explained how this could work:
If you are thinking of voting for Donald Trump, the charismatic guy promising to make America great again, stop and take a moment to imagine how you would feel if you just met a guy named Donald Drumpf, a litigious serial liar with a string of broken business ventures and the support of a former Klan leader who he can't decide whether or not to condemn. Would you think he would make a good president, or is the spell now somewhat broken?
"That is why tonight I am asking America to make Donald Drumpf again," Oliver added.
Oliver then announced the launch of the #MakeDonaldDrumpfAgain and the website DonaldJDrumpf.com, where anyone can download a browser extension that replaces Trump's name with Drumpf.
"We cannot keep getting blinded by the magic of his name," Oliver said. "So please, don't think of him as Donald Trump. Think of him as something else."
Watch: Donald Trump's rise is a scary moment in America
Syed Ali Raza, a Sectarian Terrorists Intelligence Group (STIG) official, has been removed from service for allegedly sharing sensitive information with terrorists while holding an important office, said a notice from the Counter-Terrorism Department (CTD) Sindh.
The written order announcing the dismissal of Ali Raza "with immediate effect" was issued on Tuesday from the office of Additional Inspector General of Police of CTD Sindh.
Raza was accused of sharing confidential information by a political party worker Umair Hassan Siddiqui, who was arrested from Muttahida Qaumi Movement headquarters Nine Zero during a raid by Rangers last year.
Siddiqui made the allegations in front of a joint investigation team, according to the notice. Raza was summoned for questioning but he failed to appear. Instead, a written reply was submitted which was deemed "unsatisfactory", leading to the termination of Raza's service.
Tens of thousands of people took to the streets of Tel-Aviv and across Israel to protest against economic injustice. The protest's organizers are demanding that the Knesset rewrite the 2012 budget "taking into account the demands of the people."
The latest rally comes after a wave of social protests swept Israel over the summer and culminated in September, when half a million Israelis came out onto the streets. But since then, the movement has slowly died out as protesters returned to their daily lives.
Israeli police say more than 30,000 people marched in Tel Aviv on Saturday night, and thousands more protested in Jerusalem.
As RT's Paula Slier reports, many protesters are concerned that their story of social protest will be missed by the international community and media, which is now focused on unfolding events in Gaza.
In the past few hours, multiple rockets have been fired from Gaza into southern Israel. Several people have been injured. It came as retaliation after Israeli aircraft struck Palestinian militants in southern Gaza on Saturday, killing five.
Due to the latest exchange of fire, a planned protest in the southern Israeli city of Beersheba was canceled.
Paula Slier reports that people on the street say the timing of the Israeli airstrikes against Gaza is very convenient for the government, as it helps distract attention from Israel's own domestic problems.
Demonstrators in Israel are demanding that the Knesset reconsider its 2012 budget, stated social activist Nicola Simmonds.
“We want the budget [debate] to consider the general good of the country,” she declared.
But the nature of this protest in Israel is different than those taking place in Europe and the United States, Simmonds remarked.
“Here in Israel we are not in an economic recession,” she noted. “Our problem isn't that we don't have enough money. Our problem is that it's being mismanaged.”
­
Israeli journalist Bradley Burston says that the protesters are questioning resource allocation and sacred cows like the defense budget and settlements.
Even though the Israeli parliament recently outlined a number of economic reforms, the protesters are not satisfied because the proposals may – or may not – lead to change.
“It requires legislation which will come up in the next parliamentary session,” he said. “More than that, there is a sense that some of the immediate response to the social protests, [like] the widespread lowering of prices by the major-marketing chains, for example, are being lost in a retrenchment: a policy of raising prices quietly back.”
The Israeli government, meanwhile, is pushing ahead with building new settlements on occupied Palestinian territory, and Burston believes that without proper scrutiny it will be much more difficult to stop the behind-the-scenes allocation of resources to new housing developments in the occupied territories.
“The questioning has a lot to do with transparency, with what actually is happening with the resources that are going to defense and are going to the settlements,” he said. “Even if the settlement activity is not blocked, the fact of the widespread nature of allocations and subsidies that go out to the settlements may change people's minds eventually about the wisdom of continuing to build there.”
Winnie The Pooh Home Run Derby Online Game
Winnie The Pooh Home Run Derby Game Description
Try to score home runs off your pals from A Hundred Acre Wood in the game Winnie The Pooh Home Run Derby. As Winnie the Pooh you have to hit the baseball as far as you possibly can! Choose a level. You can always go back and re-play levels you've successfully completed.
Winnie The Pooh Home Run Derby Game Instructions
Move Pooh with the mouse.
Keep an eye on the ball, take aim and click to swing.
Try to hit the ball with the middle of the bat to really make it fly!
Clear the level by hitting the target number of home runs show on the screen.
After you clear a level, you can advance to the next one from the Level Select screen.
The more home runs you hit and the farther they fly, the more bonus points you'll earn. The valuable bonus points will help you boost your skills.
Check out your results on the end screen.
Check your status by clicking on the Status button from the Level Select Screen.
On the Status screen, you can see your records and use Bonus Points to boost your skills.
Power.
Increasing your Power means you'll be able to hit the ball farther.
contact.
Increasing Contact makes it easier to hit the ball.
Speed.
Speed helps Pooh move more quickly so even curve balls are more easy to hit.
As a share of the global total, U.S. institutions have the largest slice of that business in 11 years, according to the latest data from Dealogic.
(Read More: Banks Rack Up Profits, but Investors Aren't Happy)
In that period, the banking industry has seen a near-total collapse of the global financial system, the worst economy in more than 80 years and a regulatory regime aimed at retaliating against the banks for the damage they caused.
And yet, investment banking revenues have totaled $11.4 billion so far in 2013, 8 percent more than in the same period in 2012, which was a pretty good year.
That total is good enough for half of the global revenues, up from 47.5 percent last year and the greatest share since the 54.8 percent total in 2002, when the subprime mortgage market was just beginning to heat up. Risky home loans eventually would tank and trigger the global credit crisis.
(Read More: Cheap Money Bankrolls Wall Street's Bet on Housing)
Though margins have been a concern, bank earnings have plowed to record highs.
The top five U.S. bank holding companies—JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Citigroup,Wells Fargo and Goldman Sachs—had $8.8 billion of assets at the end of last year, up 3.5 percent from 2011.
The only modest downside has come from merger and acquisition revenues, which have fallen 19 percent, to $4.8 billion. But even there, U.S. banks are dominating the field with a 56.3 percent market share, up from 52.6 percent in the 2012 period.
Congress has sought to stem the possibility of banks' becoming too big to fail (TBTF) again, with questionable results.
In an analysis for clients, FBR Capital Markets sums up the battle this way:
"Critics of the largest U.S. banks are concerned that another financial crisis will produce additional taxpayer funded bailouts. They note that in the past several years, the largest institutions have grown significantly while smaller institutions have failed.
"There are concerns that these largest institutions by virtue of an implied government backstop and their status as TBTF receive a subsidy by the markets that [gives] them an unfair advantage vis-a-vis smaller banks."
(Read More: Foreign Holdings of US Securities Have Exploded)
But FBR concludes that legislation aimed at making sure big banks have 15 percent capital against assets probably won't do much to slim down banks or affect their profitability in a meaningful way.
"At this time we do not see a materially negative outcome on the largest banks. That said, we would not be surprised for the regulators to work on tightening standards and requiring additional capital to have a provision they can point to as specifically ending TBTF.
"A downside scenario could see more aggressive oversight of certain banks regulators deem to have overly complicated and interconnected business lines and force the divestment of certain activities or higher capital charges."
In the meantime, big banks keep chugging along.
The scorecard for investment banking has JPMorgan in the lead, with an 8.5 percent share of the pie, Bank of America second at 7.6 percent and Goldman Sachs coming in third with 6.6 percent.
Follow Jeff on Twitter @JeffCoxCNBC.com.
JULIA Gillard's punishing program of interviews, community forums and "meet the people" walks since details of her carbon pricing scheme were announced last Sunday is primarily about winning some grudging respect.
"People don't have to like her," a Labor MP said yesterday. "They didn't like Paul Keating or John Howard much either. But they respected them."
Right on cue, the two former prime ministers weighed into the carbon debate. In the process they brought some perspective to the other problem plaguing Gillard - her inconsistency on the issue.
Howard protested to a newspaper columnist about Gillard using his commitment to an emissions trading system before he lost office in 2007 to help justify her similar scheme.
While conceding he had promised to bring in an ETS by 2012, Howard claimed: "I indicated at the time that we would act in concert with the rest of the world and not ahead of it."
But what did he really say back then?
"Australia will continue to lead internationally on climate change, globally and in the Asia-Pacific region," he told a Liberal Party federal council meeting two days after unveiling his ETS blueprint.
"This will be a world-class emissions trading system more comprehensive, more rigorously grounded in economics, and with better governance than anything in Europe."
In an address to the Melbourne Press Club a month later, Howard said: "In the years to come it will provide a model for other nations to follow.
"Being among the first movers on carbon trading in this region will bring new opportunities and we intend to grasp them."
And there was this exchange at a news conference in the run-up to the election that saw him defeated by Kevin Rudd.
Journalist: "Haven't you locked Australia into an emissions trading scheme in the next term?"
Howard: "Yes, I have."
Journalist: "Regardless of what our trading competitors do?"
Howard: "Yes, but that is precisely the sort of contribution we should make."
So Howard - Honest John was his nickname, remember? - is trying to rewrite history.
Keating, too, appears to be adopting a position now that sits uneasily with his stance in government.
On the ABC's Lateline program, he described Gillard's carbon pricing scheme as "a huge reform" that ranked with tariff reductions, the floating of the dollar and other major economic changes of the 1980s and '90s.
"Only a price on carbon will start allocating capital to the right places, where we should be investing in the new Australian economy," Keating said.
BUT in a 1995 autobiography, Hawke government finance minister Peter Walsh revealed what Keating thought about such schemes as treasurer.
The then environment minister, Graham Richardson, argued in Cabinet that Australia should commit itself to stabilising and then reducing carbon dioxide emissions.
This, Walsh wrote, "would do immense damage to the Australian economy, especially if done in isolation".
He said Richardson was "ferociously and successfully opposed by Keating".
When it comes to misleading voters, Howard, Keating and Gillard are peas in a pod.
Howard failed to give voters notice of his draconian WorkChoices laws at the 2004 election, Keating broke his "L-A-W law" tax cut promise after the 1993 poll and Gillard notoriously pledged there would be no carbon tax under a government she led.
Understandably, all three provoked an angry reaction.
The irrational, frothing-at-the-mouth rage that is being directed at Gillard from some quarters, however, has a special quality.
Take the king of Right-wing radio talkback, Alan Jones, who on Tuesday said of Gillard: "I'm putting her into a chaff bag and hoisting her into the Tasman Sea." On Wednesday, Jones claimed her behaviour in imposing the carbon price "borders on the treasonous".
And here he was agreeing with one of his more feral callers on Thursday: "Yeah, that's it. Bring back the guillotine!"
It is one thing to criticise and protest and advocate an anti-Labor vote, but this extremist nonsense is beyond the pale.
Jones's mate, Joe Hockey - who looked suitably aghast when a questioner at a rally spoke of "the people of Australia taking up arms against this Government" - should tell him so.
That being said, though, Gillard's problems are not caused by shock jocks or Opposition scare campaigns or journalists writing what the Prime Minister refers to as "crap".
They are to an overwhelming degree self-inflicted. She shredded her own credibility, and has no reason now to expect that people will believe what she says.
The result is that, as she and Tony Abbott campaign furiously across the country, the PM herself is as much - perhaps more - the issue than the carbon tax.
So she deliberately breaks out of the controlled, stage-managed situations that politicians normally favour. She goes into shopping centres to be accused to her face of lying, fronts hostile questioners at town hall-style meetings, subjects herself to grilling by interviewers she knows will be tough.
No one can accuse Gillard of hiding. She is arguing the carbon tax case anywhere and everywhere, with the aim of altering perceptions of her over the long term.
The Labor hope is that, in a year or so, people will look back and say to themselves: "She stared them down. She got the legislation through. Whether we like the policies or not, she's shown she's a serious Prime Minister."
Grudging respect. It's the best Labor can hope for.
Laurie Oakes is a political editor for the Nine Network. His column appears every Saturday in the Herald Sun.
Originally published as PM's long climb to find respect
norwegiansandtemperature Norwegians and Temperature
+15°C / 59°F This is as warm as it gets in Norway, so we'll start here. People in Spain wear winter-coats and gloves. The Norwegians are out in the sun, getting a tan.
+10°C / 50°F The French are trying in vain to start their central heating. The Norwegians plant flowers in their gardens.
+5°C / 41°F Italian cars won't start. The Norwegians are cruising in cabriolets.
0°C / 32°F Distilled water freezes. The water in Oslo Fjord gets a little thicker.
-5°C / 23°F People in California almost freeze to death. The Norwegians have their final barbecue before winter.
-10°C / 14°F The Brits start the heat in their houses. The Norwegians start using long sleeves.
-20°C / -4°F The Aussies flee from Mallorca. The Norwegians end their Midsummer celebrations. Autumn is here.
-30°C / -22°F People in Greece die from the cold and disappear from the face of the earth. The Norwegians start drying their laundry indoors.
-40°C / -40°F Paris start cracking in the cold. The Norwegians stand in line at the hotdog stands.
-50°C / -58°F Polar bears start evacuating the North Pole. The Norwegian army postpones its winter survival training to wait for proper winter weather.
-70°C / -94°F The false Santa moves south. The Norwegian army goes out on winter survival training.
-183°C / -297.4°F Microbes in food don't survive. The Norwegian cows complain that the farmers' hands are cold.
-273°C / -459.4°F ALL atom-based movement halts. The Norwegians start saying "Faen, det er kaldt ute idag." Meaning "Damn, it's cold outside today".
-300°C / -508°F Hell freezes over. Jahn Teigen wins the Eurovision Song Contest. Mil etter mih-iiiil!
Flickr/Meagan Fisher A 61-year-old Texas man developed an infection in his gut that reportedly turned the sugars and starches he ate into ethanol, getting him drunk.
"He would get drunk out of the blue — on a Sunday morning after being at church, or really, just anytime," Barabara Cordell, the dean of nursing at Panola College in Carthage, Texas, told NPR's The Salt. "His wife was so dismayed about it that she even bought a Breathalyzer."
The condition is known as gut fermentation syndrome, or Auto-Brewery Syndrome. The man showed up at the hospital reporting dizziness and with a blood alcohol level of 0.37 — enough to kill a person.
That's according to the report from the International Journal of Clinical Medicine. He was likely infected with the yeast from something he ate or drank — which could have been compounded by the fact he dabbled in home-brewing and likely had plenty of live yeast around the house.
This isn't the first time this syndrome has shown up — it's been seen a few dozen times under different names. That doesn't mean you have to fear the yeast in your home brew kit. Nor should you swallow it in hopes of making your own gut-brew.
The yeast will just slip through the intestines of healthy people without lodging in there. Each case seems to follow a round of antibiotics, which kills off the local, healthy bacteria leaving a space for the yeast to grow.
Now, that's a beer gut.
Thanks to NPR for pointing out the case study. You can find more on it there.
The gunman who attacked a gay nightclub in Orlando on Sunday was a frequent visitor to the establishment, according to one regular visitor.
“Sometimes he would go over in the corner and sit and drink by himself, and other times he would get so drunk he was loud and belligerent,” Ty Smith said of Omar Mateen, 29, according to The Orlando Sentinel.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We didn't really talk to him a lot, but I remember him saying things about his dad at times,” added Smith, who also goes by the name Aries. "He told us he had a wife and child.”
Smith added he had seen Mateen at Pulse at least 12 times before the shooter opened fire on the venue early Sunday morning.
The Sentinel on Monday reported at least four regulars at Pulse, including Smith, recalled seeing Mateen at the nightclub before the attack.
Orlando Police Chief John Mina on Monday said he had no information about the gunman's reported visits to Pulse.
Mateen killed 49 people in the shooting and died in a confrontation with police.
The bloodshed occurred during Pride Month, fueling speculation Mateen may have struck Pulse over animosity towards the LGBT community.
Seddique Mir Mateen, Omar Mateen's father, said Sunday his son became “very angry” earlier this year after seeing two men kiss in Miami. He insisted the attack “had nothing to do with religion.”
Omar Mateen reportedly voiced support for Abu Bakr al Baghdadi, the leader of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, along with several other terrorist groups.
The FBI had investigated Mateen in the past, putting him on a watch list in 2013, but never brought any charges against him.
The first thing that Conan — or Locke Lamora, or Grey Mouser, or Vimes, or a D&D party — would notice about a real medieval city would be the almost total absence of an Ankh Morpork-style town watch.
It's a stock trope: here come a dozen Keystone Cops town watch in their funny armour, to arrest the drunken barbarian or catch the thief. Only it's not like that in reality, or at least not quite like that in Later Medieval and Early Modern England, France, and Germany.
That's not a criticism. Fantasy writers must write what they will. Dickensian thief takers are plausible, and raise themes to do with policing and justice. However, if, like me, you write Historical Adventure Fiction , then you need to know how policing worked because integrity, and because somebody else will know and will gleefully correct you in reviews. (It's funny when your research is better than theirs though — and the one time I ever answered a review.)
It's actually quite hard to drill down to D&D level details about the medieval past. Scholars are usually more interested in the development of legal systems and local authority than what happens when Conan gets into a brawl. However, there are a few useful sources: This PhD thesis on trial by battle; The Time Traveller's Guide to Medieval England: A Handbook for Visitors to the Fourteenth Century (link); The Martial Ethic in Early Modern Germany: Civic Duty and the Right of Arms (link); plus various more antiquarian tomes on my research shelf.
And, there are some surprises beneath the crust of sometimes dry text. Let's kick off with what every aspiring thief and rogue needs to know…
What happens if you commit a theft or assault in a medieval street during the day?
The locals and bystanders mob you.
In England it's called “Hue and Cry” and it's a legal obligation — if somebody shouts for help and nobody comes to their aid, the entire neighbourhood gets fined. Similar laws usually apply elsewhere.
Medieval folk are unbelievably tougher than modern folk. Their version of football is basically parkor-meets-structured-riot. Wrestling is a hobby. In some places, so is fencing with blunt swords or fighting with sticks (and keeping score by the blood on your shirt). In London, though touting a sword around is usually illegal, young men go out at night looking for a sword and buckler skirmish (presumably the swords are blunt, but it's hard to know for sure). In Germany, the householders are armed to the teeth and can be fined for not having a sword, and there's a tradition of ad hoc duels. All the men around you wear daggers, in Germany — of course — some have swords, and all of them have some idea of how to use them.
Everybody is usually too busy kicking and punching you to call the watch. If you are a thief they may even hang you on the spot — it's a legal grey area, but there's a tradition of lynch justice and nobody gets into trouble for string-up a thief caught red-handed. Eventually, if you're still alive, they haul you off to the local jail, which in backwater towns may just stocks or a wooden cage (feeling vulnerable yet?). They may actually call the watch at this point, to help with the hauling — we'll get to them.
Suppose instead you get into a running fight? That's when people do call the watch, if they haven't heard the noise and come running. By this time the locals have probably also grabbed sticks and shovels and joined in to protect their property (in Germany, there's a good chance they'll have polearms from the neighbourhood armoury — oh yes, they had these …)
The watch, however, only turns out to be between one and six men.
In France in royal domains they are “sergeants“, highly corruptible non-nobles appointed by a scary-by-medieval-standards centralising royal government system, as close to an actual police force as you can get at the time (which is not very).
In England they are actually called “watchmen”, but there are only six for each city gate if you're in a city, twelve if you are in a borough, six for a town. Some of them are busy guarding the gates or sleeping up prior to a night patrol. London has an additional six per ward, roughly one per four hundred head of population, which gives us a sense of a Wild West sheriff rather than a police officer.
In Germany, a weird patchwork of intersecting states and legislations, it all depends on where you are. However, the daytime watch usually comprises of some mercenaries — probably drunk some of the time, but usually tough and with no local allegiances to muddy the waters — plus local men, usually youths, from respectable households taking their monthly turn.
German watchmen carry halberds or other pole-arms. In a real melee, they'll draw swords, but a long pole-weapon is surprisingly effective in a narrow street, and they can use the hooked parts to haul people out of fights. They also wear armour, usually breastplates, as a uniform — to go armoured, you must be on watch or militia business; people sometimes end up fighting the watch by accident when they forget their plate.
Whatever their nationality, since they'll be outnumbered by the brawlers, the first thing the watchmen will do is get help. This means — you guessed it — organising the bystanders. In Germany, all the locals are also in the militia, so if they haven't already tooled up, some at least will run for proper military weapons. In England and France, there are usually trained fighters within running distance, either a garrison or some lord's retinue — his servants also know how to fight — or members of the local militia, so the watch might send for them. (Or they might simply stand back and note names.)
Once you're subdued, it's off to jail pending some kind of trial. What happens next depends on what the witnesses say and how much collateral damage you caused. (Though if you're in 15th-century England and a retainer of a great lord, expect to be free by supper time.)
A fair fight with no fatalities and limited damage to property will earn you fines and — for strangers — probably banishment.
Killing or maiming somebody is dicier.
In France and Germany, if you're not a stranger and it looked like a duel (they don't call it that for another century or so) then there are fines and pilgrimages, and in Germany the local authorities will make you pay compensation — yes, really old-style weregild — to avert a feud, which would be bad for business and bystanders both. Otherwise expect to be executed or possibly just maimed. England is less forgiving of duelling since it's a form of private justice, and that challenges the authority of the king. So don't kill anybody unless you are a noble. If you do kill somebody, don't get caught, and hope to win a pardon in return for joining the king's army rampaging around France.
Suppose you don't get caught; who does the investigating?
Nobody. (Unless you are in England, when the coroner is supposed to investigate or at least report suspicious deaths. If you find a corpse, you have to call him out so he can note the wounds. All very Ye Olde CSI, but he's not a trained professional, and there's probably only one of him plus a servant or two.)
Nothing happens unless somebody accuses you of something.
Well, not quite. The legal system began as really just a non-violent substitute for self-help and feud. This can be a problem if no accusations are forthcoming — being a snitch is dangerous — so the authorities usually have workarounds. In parts of France, a judge can hold an inquest based on presumably confidential witness statements, or imprison you in the hope somebody would come forward. In England, the sheriff routinely calls on juries — really committees — to name notorious criminals and list crimes worth investigating.
So if there's formal investigating, it's done by a judge of some kind, or else by a jury. There's no call for a watchman to turn sleuth, and if he did, nobody would much trust him. Since he's underpaid they'd — rightly — suspect him of a financial agenda or accuse the authorities of some kind of power play.
They — the rough tough Medieval townsfolk — aren't sighing and yearning for a proper police force. That would mean giving up traditional rights to self help, and surrendering control to people they don't trust: namely governments, local or royal, intent on raising taxes and fines — they can always name individuals they don't trust, so this feels specific to them rather than a political stance; and law enforcement officers on the take, for example the French sergeants were such notorious muggers and extortionists that the king actually had to reduce their numbers within a few decades of founding them!
So, no, you won't get arrested by Nobby.
Nor will Vimes investigate your misdeeds. (Though in England, a coroner might.)
The local watch are glorified mall cops with perhaps a dose of neighbourhood watch.
However, don't underestimate the townies. That funny little guy selling candles have a lumpy face because he's a five time winner of the local longsword tournament.
M Harold Page is a full-time author and part-time swordsman. Drop by his blog to find out what he's up to…
U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki says reports from eastern and southeastern Ukraine "indicate that a Russian-directed counteroffensive is likely under way" against government forces in Ukraine's Donetsk and Luhansk regions.
Psaki said on August 27 that the reports include descriptions of "columns of Russian tanks, multiple rocket launchers, and armored vehicles pushing toward communities in southeastern Ukraine."
She said they also include reports of "heavy fighting and shelling near the city and airport in Donetsk."
Psaki said Washington was "concerned by the Russian government's unwillingness to tell the truth, even as its soldiers are found 30 miles [50 kilometers] inside Ukraine" -- adding that "Russia is sending its young men into Ukraine but are not telling them where they are going or telling their parents what they are doing."
She also noted "reports of wounded Russian soldiers in a St. Petersburg hospital, and that other Russian soldiers are returning home to Russia for burial."
"These are not steps that certainly you take when you are operating in a transparent manner," she concluded.
Fighting On Southern Front
Ukrainian security spokesman Andriy Lysenko announced on August 27 that reinforcements were being sent to the town of Novoazovsk, on the Sea of Azov about 10 kilometers from the Russian border, after the local mayor said pro-Russian fighters entered the town with support from dozens of armored vehicles.
Reports from correspondents in the area on August 27, as well as messages on social media by pro-government Ukrainian fighters, said government forces had abandoned all of their checkpoints on the main road linking the separatist-held city of Donetsk to Novoazovsk.
The developments come two days after Lysenko claimed Russian tanks invaded southeastern Ukraine disguised as pro-Russian separatist fighters.
Lysenko said Russian artillery was continuing to support the battle on August 27 by firing across the border from Russian territory.
He also said a Russian "tactical battalion" -- a battlefield command-and-control unit -- was positioned on August 27 near Novoazovsk at the Ukrainian village of Pobeda.
Moscow denies sending troops into Ukraine, claiming Russian paratroopers captured by Ukrainian forces in recent days had "inadvertently" crossed the border.
Poroshenko: Minsk Talks 'Very Effective'
The latest allegations of Russian troop activity within Ukraine come a day after Russian President Vladimir Putin told Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko in Minsk that Moscow will "do everything to support" a peace process in Ukraine "if it starts."
Poroshenko promised to draft a new cease-fire plan after his face-to-face talks with Putin, which came after a summit in Minsk that included EU foreign-policy chief Catherine Ashton, Kazakh President Nursultan Nazabaev, and Belarusian President Alyaksandr Lukashenka.
Poroshenko said in Kyiv on August 27 that the talks in Minsk were "very effective."
He told a meeting of his Solidarity Party, which has been renamed the Petro Poroshenko Bloc, that he "clearly stressed there will be no bargaining over sovereignty, territorial integrity, the independence of our country, [or] the sovereign choice of the Ukrainian people and their European choice."
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on August 27 that Russia was not interested in breaking up Ukraine despite respecting declarations of independence by separatists in eastern Ukraine.
But in Warsaw, Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk told parliament that "no one can take seriously" Russia's claims that it is not supporting the pro-Russian separatists in Ukraine.
In a phone call with Russian President Vladimir Putin on August 27, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said the reports of the presence of Russian soldiers in eastern Ukraine “must be explained," her spokesperson said.
Merkel also emphasized Russia's “major responsibility for de-escalation and watching over its own frontiers."
Meanwhile, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on August 27 that claims about an upsurge in Russian military activity on the border with Ukraine have "nothing to do with the reality."
Peskov added that Russia was ready to send a second humanitarian aid convoy to eastern Ukraine "even tomorrow."
An earlier convoy entered Ukrainian territory last week without Kyiv's permission, raising tensions between the West and Moscow.
Peskov also said Russia is and will be a reliable supplier of natural gas to Europe, following warnings from Kyiv that Moscow could cut off fuel to the continent this winter.
"We hope that Ukraine in turn will guarantee unhindered transit," he added.
Russian Troops In Ukraine
Meanwhile, the Ukrainian Security Service (SBU) held a press conference where it presented a group of Russian soldiers captured earlier this week after they crossed the border from Russia into Ukraine.
One soldier, identified as Corporal Ivan Romantsev, said the soldiers had not realized they had crossed the border into Ukraine.
He told journalists that what is being shown on Russian television "is completely different from what is really happening."
Ukraine's military first released a video showing the captured soldiers on August 26.
Russian Defense Ministry officials admitted on August 26 that Russian soldiers had crossed into Ukrainian territory but said they had accidentally crossed an unmarked section of the border.
The Associated Press news agency quoted the Finnish Foreign Ministry as saying the United States and Russia held secret talks on the Ukraine crisis in Finland in June.
Ministry spokesman Vesa Hakkinen said the ministry helped organize the meeting but declined to give more information.
The Russian Foreign Ministry on August 27 denied reports of secret talks, saying the meeting involved only representatives from nongovernmental organizations and academic communities and did not involve official state diplomatic contacts.
According to the United Nations, more than 2,000 people have died since April in fighting between Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian separatists in the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk.
With reporting by Reuters, AFP, AP, dpa, ITAR-TASS, and Interfax
Story highlights Gawker chief: Idea of positive online comments has become a joke
Nick Denton speaks at the South by Southwest Interactive festival
He said the bigger a site is, the harder it is to curate comment sections
One idea? Making certain stories only open to a few select commenters
In the early days of the Internet, there was hope that the unprecedented tool for global communication would lead to thoughtful sharing and discussion on its most popular sites.
A decade and a half later, the very idea is laughable, says Gawker Media founder Nick Denton.
"It didn't happen," said Denton, whose properties include the blogs Gawker, Jezebel, Gizmodo, io9 and Lifehacker. "It's a promise that has so not happened that people don't even have that ambition anymore.
"The idea of capturing the intelligence of the readership -- that's a joke."
Denton was speaking at South by Southwest Interactive, the annual festival here devoted to Web and digital culture.
He said that commenting on his own sites (which he's seen make reporters cry) has gotten so bad that he doesn't engage.
JUST WATCHED CNN at SXSW: Social media in Arab Spring Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH CNN at SXSW: Social media in Arab Spring 02:56
JUST WATCHED Turning homeless people into 'hot spots' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Turning homeless people into 'hot spots' 03:14
"I don't like going into the comments. ... For every two comments that are interesting -- even if they're critical, you want to engage with them -- there will be eight that are off-topic or just toxic," he said.
And as sites get more popular, it's harder to control the comments, which inevitably get nastier.
"What you can manage on a small site ... the level of discussion you can have on This is not the level you're able to have on a newspaper site or one of our sites. Our smaller blogs have 2 million unique (visitors per month). ... It's hard to have that intimacy."
So, what's the solution?
When it comes to improving open discussion threads, Denton, during an interview-style discussion with blogger and Expert Labs director Anil Dash, seemed quicker to shoot down ideas that others are trying than to provide proposals of his own.
Having editors and reporters engage their readers in the comments? "The writer of the piece has to move on to the next piece. They don't have time to moderate all those comments."
Require readers to post using their real names? "My own view is that anonymity is at the heart of the Internet."
Give other commenters more power to "up-vote" or "down-vote" posts? "We don't really believe in the democratic process of decision-making when it comes to discussion," Denton said.
For example, he said, Jezebel has made lots of hay off of sexual harassment accusations against American Apparel Chief Executive Officer Dov Charney. Denton said he'd love to see Charney come into the comments section to defend himself.
"If you put it to a vote, 90% would vote to ban him. They hate that guy," Denton said. "If Dov Charney went into the Jezebel comments, he'd be torn limb from limb; his limbs aren't all that would be torn off."
The answer? Denton said his sites are planning to post some stories that allow only a hand-picked, pre-approved group of people to comment on them. That, he said, would make the comment section an extension of the story and allow people, like Charney in the above example, to have their say without fear of being piled onto by others.
"I think it's part of the answer," he said. "What I want is, I want the sources -- I want the experts to be able to comment in these discussions."
When he took questions, Denton had to do a little answering about the responsibility the tone of a site itself has in guiding its comments section.
Many of Gawker's sites aren't known for being particularly delicate (One of today's top Gawker headlines: "Arnold Schwarzenegger's Son Injures Ass Skiing, Tweets Photo").
"It's certainly true that nice sites run by nice people ... that encourages good behavior," Denton said. "But it's not as if it's entirely the writer setting the tone for the comments. Sometimes, it's the comments setting the tone for the writer."
Orchestra CEO, musician lock horns in studio faceoff
Osmo Vanska MPR photo/Euan Kerr Guests Michael Henson: President and CEO of the Minnesota Orchestra
President and CEO of the Minnesota Orchestra Kevin Watkins: Percussionist for the Minnesota Orchestra and member of the musicians' negotiating team
Opposing sides in the Minnesota Orchestra lockout had a rare face-to-face meeting Friday on The Daily Circuit, and the result was a contentious conversation that left little hope for a resolution anytime soon.
Michael Henson, president and CEO, said repeatedly that management would be willing to meet over the weekend to try to end the dispute. Kevin Watkins, a negotiator on the musicians' side, emphasized that only a meeting with the mediator held any prospect for success. Former U.S. Sen. George Mitchell has been working to mediate the negotiations.
The pressure to reach a deal to the nearly year-long lockout is intense this weekend because of a series of deadlines leading to scheduled performances this November at Carnegie Hall. Music Director Osmo Vanska has warned that he will resign if the orchestra fails to keep that engagement.
Watkins and Henson were able to agree on virtually nothing during the confrontation, save for a grudging acknowledgment that each side wanted to get back to making music.
• State of the Arts: Tense double monologue on Minnesota Orchestra dispute
Among the points on which the two failed to agree:
• The musicians' counteroffer. Henson said the musicians had failed to make one; Watkins said that the musicians' proposal for binding arbitration was exactly that.
• The cost of the mediator's proposal. Henson said a reported proposal to resume performances under the terms of the old contract would cost the orchestra $3 million. Watkins called that "simply misleading and untrue," and said the actual figure would be closer to $1.4 million.
During the period when Orchestra Hall was closed for remodeling, "They were going to put forward a season in the Convention Center," Watkins said. "They would have lost millions in the Convention Center in lower revenue and increased costs. They were willing to lose millions in the Convention Center last year, but now they're not willing to spend somewhere around $1.4 ... to save the music director, to save Carnegie Hall, to save the recording series, to save the orchestra."
• The state of the orchestra's finances. Watkins said the musicians cannot trust management because of its lack of transparency about its numbers. "There is no trust in the leadership of this orchestra. It's not that we don't trust the unqualified audits. It's that we don't trust that those deficits needed to be achieved, that there wasn't a better way to run the orchestra over the last two years. It's apparent that there was a recovery, and the recovery happened everywhere else in America, apparently, except for Minneapolis."
"The reason we don't trust these numbers is we've heard so many different things all along," he said.
Henson countered, "We are probably the most financially analyzed orchestra in the history of America." He cited the orchestra's own audit, an investigation by the state auditor and an independent analysis. "We have these problems. We produced these figures and if the musicians don't like these figures, we produced 1,500 pages of information to them through many, many months."
"We now need to put any of the hurt behind us ... sit down over the weekend, get this resolved and move forward. The big truth is, we have a huge financial problem. The musicians need to accept this."
• The reason for the lockout. "Our members have been locked out," Watkins said, "and the lockout, to them, has been seen as a convenience, in that the hall was under construction. The orchestra was going to lose millions putting on a season ... and so this was a win-win. Break the musicians, and save a lot of money."
Henson said, "We took that lockout very seriously ... We tried to negotiate. We had multiple meetings. We put forward a proposal right at the start, realizing we were looking at concessions, and how do we negotiate? The reason the lockout occurred was because we saw no intent to negotiate at that stage.
"If we'd actually seen some movement, some willingness to actually negotiate, put a proposal on the table, the lockout would never have happened. We took that with a very heavy heart, but we took it because we actually wanted to try and move the situation forward."
• Management's representations to the state Legislature while seeking bonding for Orchestra Hall. Watkins told Henson, "You went before the state Legislature and deliberately misled them as to the state of our finances." Henson replied, "The state auditor came in and investigated us, spent six weeks with his accounts department looking at us, and he found that we had behaved completely appropriately."
Henson suggested that the two sides should meet at 9 a.m. Saturday. Outside the studio, a musicians' representative said no such proposal had been received.
THE LATEST ON THE LOCKOUT:
• Sept. 13: Without Osmo Vanska, some say Minnesota Orchestra could lose its way
Without a successful resolution, internationally acclaimed Music Director Osmo Vanska may soon resign. The question of whether Vanska stays or leaves has become a central concern in the contract dispute and almost year-long lockout of musicians by orchestra management. Without him, many say, the orchestra could lose its way. (MPR News)
• Sept. 12: A new Orchestra Hall is ready -- and waiting
Orchestra officials took media on a tour Thursday morning to show off the results of the year-long $52 million renovation project. (MPR News)
• Sept. 11: Rep. Ellison urges Minn. Orchestra to accept mediator's plan
U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison today called upon the board of the Minnesota Orchestra to accept a proposal put forward by former U.S. Sen. George Mitchell, who is acting as a mediator in the ongoing dispute with musicians. The deal included ending the 11-month long lockout and having musicians return to work for two months under the terms of their old contract while talks continued towards finding a new contract. (MPR News)
• MnOrch Musicians reveal counterproposal; management critical of request for higher pay
The musicians are trying to take the steam out of management protests that musicians have not put forward a counterproposal to the contract orchestra officials offered in April, 2012. (MPR News)
• Sept. 10: Vanska eases deadline in orchestra contract talks
In a letter in May, Minnesota Orchestra Music Director Osmo Vanska set a Sept. 9 deadline for a start of rehearsals for both a recording session for a new disc and to prepare for November concerts at Carnegie Hall. Calling on management and musicians to resolve the ongoing contract dispute, Vanska said if the orchestra was not prepared for the Carnegie concerts he would be forced to resign. The recording session has now been postponed until the spring, and in a written statement presented to a Minnesota Orchestra Board meeting, Vanska said rehearsals need to begin in the week of Sept. 30 for the Carnegie shows. Orchestra President and CEO Michael Henson says that, for logistical reasons, this means there needs to be an agreement with musicians by Sept. 15. (MPR News)
• Sept: 5: In Minn. Orchestra dispute, both sides say 'ball is in their court'
The offer was for two months of play and talk — that is, an end to the lockout that allows the musicians work under the terms of the old contract while talks continued to try to reach a new contract. However, under the offer, if there was no agreement after two months, a two-year contract would go into effect that would include a 25-percent pay cut. (MPR News)
If you'll pardon the rather unorthodox blog-esque introduction here, I was rather apprehensive as I made my way down to London for this year's EGX Rezzed – an annual games convention that, while hosting a fair few AAA titles, is mostly home to many upcoming indie titles near or still a fair distance from release. It's not the event itself which had me nervy, but rather the content itself. Let's run-down the statistics: well over a hundred games on display; a dozen developers and publishers; 22 titles specifically dedicated to Microsoft's ID@Xbox initiative…and Sony – arguably (from a marketing standpoint) the better [console] platform for indie gaming – having a pretty dominant stake in the showroom space. Plenty on show, plenty on offer to get stuck into in the hopes of coming out clearer in conclusion of how the industry is shaping up with what is arguably one of the biggest growing sub-sectors in gaming development.
Oh yeh, and VR was being shown off too, did I mention that? This was not the atypical first-timer's inexperience (though I don't deny that truth) which was what added an extra layer of intrigue, but rather it was this very keen relevance in how indie games may very well shape future investment in the industry. Even if your coverage of video games as of late is no more than casually browsing the Steam store, you'll know that 2015 may very well shed a further radiance of light on the sector's place as a necessity rather than some leftfield/odd-ball facet slowly approaching its day of irrelevance. And of the games which caught my eye particularly, I'll be giving a count-down of the best at Rezzed pretty soon, but for the time being let me give you a [non-ranked] run-down at what I believe were the major talking points to take away from the docklands of the capital.
1. Bloodborne Is Pretty Good But…
I'm going to lay this down like a shit sandwich if you don't mind. First off, the game controls surprisingly well; for someone whom was rather distasteful of Sony's DualShock 4 initially, after some time trudging through the ruined gothic surroundings of Yharnam, the gameplay feels rather suited and befitting of the PS4 controller's layout. Not that the ease of item/weapon switching is an exclusivity to Sony first-party IP's (even if real-time weapon change was a must to highlight amid PS3's early catalog). But for those completely new to this Souls-esque attack-counter-attack style of play, the game is easy to get into if less so to master. Nevertheless battle mechanics such as choosing between regular and alternate state are a pinch and coupled with the new health-regain system, adds that extra little spice to combat. And with the lock-on ability filtering down to your character's stroke of improved agility, moments such as this can be a surreal paradigm of one minute striving to avoid attacks, and the next of purely trying to stay alive.
Sadly the presentation isn't as well cultivated as its gameplay so clearly vouches to stand aside. For all those expecting this to be The Order 1886 but…well…fun, I've got bad news. This may very well be the chalk to The Order's cheese, but Bloodborne is by no means a graphical powerhouse. While the World may not exactly be the cleanest or sanitory of places, the illusion that everything seemed to be coated in grease only emphasized the technical limitations and awkward placement From Software have found themselves sadly hitting. What's more, in the most frenzied of fights – or to be more blunt, instances involving more than three or four enemies – performance would dip sharply to the point frame drops were blatantly visible. The game does try to outmaneuver these limits with elements such as motion blur and a kind of parallax system whereby the player is constantly at the centre of focus, and while this does add depth to the World, there's no getting away from the reality of the situation. This is a substance over style affair, thankfully, but its style is still a major secondary to Bloodborne's primary intent.
But to end, as a non-PS4 owner – more specifically, as a non-PS4 owner still without any incentive to invest in Sony's current-generation machine – I can see Bloodborne being a feasibly acclaimed game by both press and fans alike. The gameplay is solid enough to warrant many a retry but not so watered down to the point its content is perceived as superficial. Yes there have been many an uproar about the game's supposed lack of weapon variety – and that may very well be the end product's downfall and feasible criticism – but for those looking for a Sony exclusive that's not merely a tech demo in disguise, Bloodborne has enough gameplay enjoyment to at least preserve the PS4 for another month. Besides, given I wanted to play the Alpha twice over due to how intrigued I was about the World environment, lore, design etc…that's not something I find a lot of in recent AAA offerings.
2. ID@Xbox Is Building Momentum
Ask me perhaps eighteen months ago if Microsoft could crawl back from the horrible mess they made around the time of Xbox One's reveal/release – more specifically its stand on independent games and developing for Microsoft's console – and no doubt you'd get a string of laughing gif's and the like. Some may argue the sway to Xbox One may have been hindered with the company's recent announcement concerning PC gaming, but from what I saw at the ID@Xbox booth, I was surprisingly impressed. I digress, not all of Microsoft's show was entirely devoted to new releases or exclusives; the likes of Shovel Knight and Goat Simulator arguably padding out a space or two, but given the hole Xbox was in at the end of 2013, you can't say they're not in a better position from whence they started this generation in. They may not have had the cushion of a major AAA title to alleviate some of the focus, but the slick presentation and delivery is something Microsoft have considerable background, and good reputation, in.
And the games on show? Well it's safe to say that Xbox may very well have a few aces and tricks up its sleeve: Pneuma: Breath Of Life, Inside My Radio, Gear Gauntlet, Soul Axiom…and a surreal yet intriguing little game called Beyond Eyes which has you guiding a blind girl through a blank void of a World – eventually filling in the space as you progress and home in on particular sounds. The roster may not all be particularly exclusive – some of which are already available for purchase – but it was clear ID@Xbox was as much a message as it was a presentation. Anything Sony can do, it seemed to say. Clearly the battle for independent developers is heating up and from what Microsoft offered up in their debut year at EGX, Sony may well be looking over their shoulders at a competitor slowly making up ground.
3. VR Actually Is Impressive
I got to try two versions of the eagerly discussed concept in upcoming technology. First off was HTC and one of many newcomers in Ragnarok, an immersive first-person adventure which, though fairly limited in its content, was no less quite surprising. Surprising in how well it enveloped me into its cold, wintry surroundings. Yes, I use the word ‘immersive' without any illusion in grasping to buzzwords; believe me, VR is something else. I may have had my eyes and ears wrapped up in Ragnarok's vision, but trudging as I was with the analog stick – swiveling my head to catch glimpses of nearby trees or distant mountainous shots with my own head, there were times where my legs felt pushed, compelled, into the World like my whole body was entering the fictional realm.
But if HTC was where immersion was proven, it was Oculus Rift wherein improvement in gameplay and control with Sigtrap Games' three-dimensional three-sixty-degree shooter, Sublevel Zero, was cemented. While the game was playable with standard PC controls and maintained a solid 30FPS rate, with VR, the performance more than doubled, passing 60FPS – movement something of a majestic flow through tunnels and chambers combating enemy ships and collecting particular power-up's for further battle. Perhaps I was having so much fun with the game's gyroscopic handling and completely gravity-free play style that by the end of the demo, I did feel the early signs of motion sickness beginning to stir up inside. Yet…I wanted more; if you're not gripped by the game's seamlessly smooth performance, than the fact that you actually look and feel like you're sitting in a cockpit only adds to the illusion of a truly first-person shoot-em-up.
4. Playstation Vita Sits In The Corner
While it's an obvious assertion to say Sony's handheld isn't exactly riding high – especially when you compare it to the [combined] 3DS family; Nintendo's handheld holding a 5:1 ratio in hardware sales at present. But with an opportunity as fruitful as this, I'd have expected Sony to offer at least a bit more light for the humble handheld, especially when so many cross-platform games are being released for the Vita as well as for major consoles in the PS4 and Xbox One. Not many are on 3DS, so why shouldn't you try and push the Vita? Sadly this wasn't to be; a mere two maybe three games were being offered Vita versions for attendees to try out, and even then the presentation of Vita alongside the grand screens of a PC or a PS4 version, was rather less obvious and left to be found as opposed to spotted.
Nevertheless, I tried what was on offer; Titan Souls – something you'll hear a bit more of in the second part of this feature – a major offering at the event and initially, the overhead combat and bold, blocky design appeared rather befitting of the Vita's portability. However, whether this was through a minor, unfortunate case of bad luck, or a major mishap from the developer's side, the game suffered from a strenuous amount of strain in its performance on the handheld. Worse, during the most crucial of moments – battling the game's deity-styled bosses and hoping to make the right move at the most precise of times – the frame rate plunged sharply to the point the game felt more like a sped up slideshow than a game of which still under my control. As a result, the input lagged severely and ended up with me consequently dying. This may very well have been an isolated incident, but first impressions are always a product's key field. Yet from what I played, I for one will be sure to stay clear of any suggestion the Vita is where indie titles like this have pride in belonging to.
5. Devs Are Rather Nice People
…and so should we. While I get riled up as much as anyone should a developer or a publisher focus more on subsequent window-dressing – on trying to pitch their latest project or game as ‘the next big thing' or find necessity in flinging as many buzzwords in our faces, like we haven't heard this spiel a million times before – I still feel we need to find a common middle-ground that's as much about fair critique without going into personal affliction. The developers and teams that were present on the show floor were nice people to be around. Even as I moved about – watching keen writers like myself and teams eager to get an interview or Q&A with those of the indie community – it's great to see that this is almost a symbiotic-type relationship between the next generation of gas developers and indeed the next generation of potential video game journalists.
I may not have had the tools or the equipment to get anything down on video, but with the teams I did talk to, it's clear many in the community are about the games, and not the financial commodities that come with it if you're lucky enough. Yes, this wasn't a be-all end-all occurrence – and being the skeptical bastard that I am, this is even a more shock that I've found enough general optimism in this affair to warrant discussion – but it's comforting to see indie games getting an increasingly bigger say in how the industry should move in the coming years. What's more, it's clear industry giants Sony and Microsoft are well aware of the influence they may just hold. Sure they might be all about reaping financial dividends at the end of the day, but if events like EGX continue to show this community as a strong, driven sector with more than enough content to warrant investment, I'm all for that.
With that, all that's left is for me to detail what specifically caught my eye as far as individual titles are concerned and what may very well be contesting for numerous Game of the Year thrones come December. Stay tuned for Part 2 of my EGX Rezzed 2015 coverage where I'll be counting down my personal Top 5 games of this year's event, as well as some honorable mentions you may just have to keep an eye out for – some a few of you might expect, others not so much.
Azure App Service now includes experimental support for running Go with web apps. If you would like to run Go for your web app on Azure App Service and share feedback, see this article on how you can get started. Feedback can be submitted via our MSDN forum.
Source control deployment with your Azure subscription
The Go binary is installed with the Azure App Service platform. Versions currently supported are 64bit Go 1.4.2 and Go 1.5.1. The following are prerequisites for source control deployment:
· A valid Azure subscription. If you don`t already have a subscription, sign-up for a free trial.
· Source control deployment enabled for local Git. Find detailed instructions here.
Running a sample Go web app is just three simple steps away.
1) Clone content from public GitHub repo to a local Git repo.
2) Get source control URL from your web app and update local repo to point to web app repo.
For this example the command to point local repo to your web app repo is:
git remote set-url origin https://$kudutry@ kudutry.scm.azurewebsites.net/kudutry.git
3) Push content from local repo to remote Azure repo.
Go web app configuration
There are a few aspects of web app configuration for Go web apps running on Azure App Service to be aware of.
1) Version selection
At the time of writing this blog post the Azure App Service platform supports Go 1.5.1 as the default version and Go 1.4.2 as a selectable version. To select a non-default version, define an app setting for your web app with key “GOROOT” and value: “D:\Program Files\go\1.4.2.”
2) Build artifacts
The App Service deployment script creates a temp Go workspace and places the source code under “$(GOPATH)\src\azureapp.” The final build artifact is always an “azureapp.exe” with other non-*.go file. A simple way to inspect these files would be using the Kudu console https://{sitename}.scm.azurewebsites.net/DebugConsole. From the Kudu console navigate to wwwroot for the web app.
You can create a web.config file as part of the source code before deployment or Azure App Service will generate a web.config file at deployment time in order to enable the HttpPlatformHandler IIS module to run your Go web app. Learn more about the HttpPlatformHandler here.
If you include a web.config file with your content make sure the configuration elements described in this section are available:
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> <configuration> <system.webServer> <handlers> <add name="httpplatformhandler" path="*" verb="*" modules="httpPlatformHandler" resourceType="Unspecified" /> </handlers> <!-- For Go webapp, we always generate azureapp.exe in wwwroot --> <httpPlatform processPath="D:\home\site\wwwroot\azureapp.exe" startupTimeLimit="60"> </httpPlatform> </system.webServer> </configuration>
3) Port number
Go application needs to read the port number from an environment variable: “HTTP_PLATFORM_PORT”. At runtime, HttpPlatformHandler will generate a random port number for the process running the Go web app.
4) Content layout
The content layout requirement for Azure App Service is to place your main Go package at the root of your project. This layout enables the App Service build system to resolve dependencies and build the right executable solution.
Trial deployment without an Azure subscription
Try a Go sample even without an Azure subscription via the Azure App Service trial page.
Click “Create” for the Go sample and sign-in with a supported social account. The Go web app will be created for you, then click on the URL to experience the sample app and select options to manage the app from the set of options displayed.
The sample Go web app features a home page leveraging the "net/http" Go module, and displays the log of visits to the “Try Gin” and “Try Martini” links which showcase the Gin and Martini web frameworks.
WASHINGTON — An armed drone operated by the Central Intelligence Agency this week killed a top Qaeda operative responsible for plotting terrorist attacks inside Pakistan, two American officials said on Thursday.
The killing of Abu Hafs al-Shariri occurred Sunday, the 10th anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks. It is the latest strike in the C.I.A.'s campaign of targeted killings of Qaeda operatives that has intensified under the Obama administration.
The strike comes less than a month after a C.I.A. drone killed Atiyah Abd al-Rahman, a Libyan who was promoted to become Al Qaeda's second-ranking operative after the death of Osama bin Laden in May. The C.I.A. in recent months has also killed Ilyas Kashmiri, a Pakistani militant commander who worked closely with Al Qaeda's leadership.
Little is known publicly about Mr. Shariri, a Saudi whom a senior administration official said acted as a liaison between Al Qaeda and the Pakistani Taliban, the group that has directed a wave of attacks against Pakistani government installations and hotels frequented by Westerners. According to an Interpol alert, Mr. Shariri was 33.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The C.I.A. drone campaign has strained America's relationship with Pakistan, even though top leaders in Islamabad have tacitly blessed the operations. The pace of the drone strikes appears to have left the cadre of Qaeda operatives in Pakistan reeling, and American intelligence officials now believe that Al Qaeda's affiliate in Yemen is a more potent threat than the “core” group of operatives hiding in Pakistan.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
A second American official called Sunday's strike “another blow at the core of Al Qaeda” because Mr. Shariri had been set to take on a more prominent role inside the organization after the death of Mr. Rahman, and because Al Qaeda is having ever greater trouble replenishing its senior ranks.
“The loss of their chief of operations in Pakistan, an individual who played a key operational and administrative role for the group, will pose a challenge for Zawahiri,” said the official, referring to Al Qaeda's leader Ayman al-Zawahri.
I discovered groups have more rights than individuals from my experience in the public school system. In junior high school, I was required to shower after gym class. The shower was akin to a lawn sprinkler, a pole around 6 feet high which sprayed water in 360 degrees. Prepubescent boys forced showering together in a circle.
My personal modesty made showering after gym class a horrifying experience. I had no desire to be seen or see my classmates naked. When I and others challenged the need to shower, we were told it was a health issue and important for hygiene.
There was one kid that wasn't required to shower, because Islam forbids public nudity; he was not forced to participate in this dehumanizing ritual. My own individual beliefs were not held in the same regard as his religious beliefs. Finding the showering akin to being forced to participate in a pedophile's daydream was simply irrelevant.
I found the public school's Christmas program personally offensive, because I felt it violated the separation of church and state. I had developed a religious respect for the Constitution at an early age, and deemed the lack of cognitive dissonance from those at school to be hypocritical and disgusting.
My individual view that being forced to participate in the Christmas program was repugnant and immoral fell on deaf ears. I was fully aware at this point that group rights were protected, so I asked my father, who is Jewish, to get me out of the Christmas program. Unfortunately, the answer was a swift “‘No,” because my mother had raised me as a Christian Scientist. My attempt to religion-shape-shift to a different protected group had failed.
My mother, being a Christian Scientist, did not have a problem with using religious exemptions; she asked for and received a religious exemption for my vaccinations. Looking back, I now see how unequal and unfair it was to parents concerned about the safety of vaccinations to have their individual beliefs ignored.
I discussed these issue with my wife, raised as a Jehovah Witness. Jehovah Witnesses didn't have to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance or participate in holiday activities. It seems Jehovah Witnesses are more likely to receive an exemption from a school than atheists. Group belief systems garner more respect than the lack of beliefs.
With the recent healthcare law, I find myself wanting to religion-shape-shift to the Amish faith for the healthcare exemption. I know that however humiliating and morally repugnant I find being forced to participate in the healthcare program is, my own individual beliefs are yet again moot.
My point here is not an anti-religion rant, it's a pro-individual rant. Individual beliefs are only respected when those beliefs are part of a protected group. Exceptions made for specific groups by their very nature mean there will be individuals that fall outside that group, therefore having fewer rights.
These laws and rules start with the good intention of not forcing someone to something they find morally repugnant. When exemptions are only available to certain groups, there is the unintended consequence of evaluating these groups with rights superior to individual rights.
French voters voiced strong support for a proposal that will see the country's government expand the role of free and open-source software in a national referendum on technology called the Digital Republic bill.
More than 147,000 people voted on the Digital Republic bill's 662 accepted proposals, and two open-source measures were the second- and third-biggest vote getters. One proposal called for France's schools and universities to use GNU/Linux software, and end Microsoft's dominance in the sector, while the other was a more general call for the government to embrace free and open-source software in its operations. (The leading proposal was one urging the government to clear the regulatory field for the eSports industry.)
+ALSO ON NETWORK WORLD: Amazon's case for running containers in its cloud + Did Microsoft shove Windows 10 down people's throats? +
Other big vote-getters covered some of the Internet's most contentious issues, as measures to protect personal data, Net neutrality, and the right to encryption all made the top 10. The Digital Republic bill was open to changes for a period of 20 days, and it now goes to a French high court, followed by the Cabinet, for final approval.
The measures won't change things overnight, of course, and their language merely calls for the government to “give priority” to free and open-source software, but the French free software advocacy group APRIL, which had lobbied for the proposals, said that they were both important, and, moreover, very French.
“Free software is the computer embodiment of our republican motto, ‘Liberty, Equality, Fraternity,'” the group stated in its proposal. “Citizens cannot be restricted in their dealings with public services by technological confinement.”
France, as Softpedia notes, is the second national government in Europe this week to make a public move in the direction of open-source – the U.K. has announced that it will make the switch to LibreOffice for government use, moving away from its long-time relationship with Microsoft. Many of the most prominent users of open-source software for end-users are European governments at various level – the German city of Munich is a well-known example, as is the Spanish region of Extremadura.
The Writers Guild of America unveiled its picks for the 101 best-written TV series of all time over the weekend, and The Sopranos whacked the competition.
HBO's seminal mob drama snagged the top spot on the highly subjective and sure-to-be-picked-apart list (Sex and the City ahead of Game of Thrones? Dexter ahead of The Shield? Bupkis for The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson?)
PHOTOS | 30 Actors on Cancelled TV Series We Want Back on TV Now
Review the selections below and then hit the comments with your snappy judgements.
1. The Sopranos
2. Seinfeld
3. The Twilight Zone
4. All in the Family
5. M*A*S*H
6. The Mary Tyler Moore Show
7. Mad Men
8. Cheers
9. The Wire
10. The West Wing
11. The Simpsons
12. I Love Lucy
13. Breaking Bad
14. The Dick Van Dyke Show
15. Hill Street Blues
16. Arrested Development
17. The Daily Show with Jon Stewart
18. Six Feet Under
19. Taxi
20. The Larry Sanders Show
21. 30 Rock
22. Friday Night Lights
23. Frasier
24. Friends
25. Saturday Night Live
26. The X-Files
27. Lost
28. ER
29. The Cosby Show
30. Curb Your Enthusiasm
31. The Honeymooners
32. Deadwood
33. Star Trek
34. Modern Family
35. Twin Peaks
36. NYPD Blue
37. The Carol Burnett Show
38. Battlestar Galactica (2005)
39. Sex & The City
40. Game of Thrones
41. The Bob Newhart Show and Your Show of Shows (tie)
43. Downton Abbey, Law & Order and Thirtysomething (tie)
46. Homicide: Life on the Street and St. Elsewhere (tie)
48. Homeland
49. Buffy the Vampire Slayer
50. The Colbert Report, The Good Wife and the UK Office (tie)
53. Northern Exposure
54. The Wonder Years
55. L.A. Law
56. Sesame Street
57. Columbo
58. Fawlty Towers and The Rockford Files (tie)
60. Freaks and Geeks and Moonlighting (tie)
62. Roots
63. Everybody Loves Raymond and South Park (tie)
65. Playhouse 90
66. Dexter and the US Office (tie)
68. My So-Called Life
69. Golden Girls
70. The Andy Griffith Show
71. 24, Roseanne and The Shield
74. House and Murphy Brown (tie)
76. Barney Miller and I, Claudius (tie)
78. The Odd Couple
79. Alfred Hitchcock Presents, Monty Python's Flying Circus, Star Trek: The Next Generation and Upstairs, Downstairs (tie)
83. Get Smart
84. The Defenders and Gunsmoke (tie)
86. Justified, Sgt. Bilko/The Phil Silvers Show (tie)
88. Band of Brothers
89. Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In
90. The Prisoner
91. Absolutely Fabulous and The Muppet Show (tie)
93. Boardwalk Empire
94. Will & Grace
95. Family Ties
96. Lonesome Dove and Soap
98. The Fugitive, Late Night with David Letterman and Louie
101. Oz
Heighway Pinball has spilled some more beans about its Alien Pinball machine. And Pavlov Pinball has to say that the machine looks pretty damn good.
Andrew Heighway made the reveal at a closed door, no cameras briefing in his factory over the weekend during the UK Pinball Party.
The coolest things on display were the Alien pop bumpers. How cool can pop bumpers be? The answer in the case of Alien seems to be “very”.
Heighway showed off bumper caps that were green translucent moulded alien eggs, illuminated from inside by five multicolour LEDs.
By varying the strength of each LED, the eggs appear to pulse from inside. With four LEDs glowing green and changing in intensity and one glowing a darker colour it can look like a baby alien (facehugger) is moving around in there. Other colour settings may be used to make the eggs look like they're burning.
Heighway also revealed that the xenomorph (that's an alien to you and me) toy at the back of the playfield will be positioned behind a magnet on the playfield.
The ball will be trapped, and then some sort of tongue thing will come out of the xenomorph's head and grab the ball and gobble it up. It will then go into a subway and come out somewhere else on the playfield.
Sounds a bit like The Addams Family's Thing hand (or Kiss's Gene Simmons head in reverse), but hopefully a bit scarier.
To the left of the xenomorph will be an LCD screen which displays mode information, and this will rotate at certain points in the game to reveal a queen xenomorph (think The Hobbit's Smaug toy.)
Heighway showed of the latest version of the queen, designed by former Jersey Jack Pinball employee Matt Riesterer, now of Back Alley Creations.
Riesterer has made parts for JJP's Wizard of Oz, The Hobbit and Predator.
(His Rubber Roosters company also makes “adult” novelties but it's not known if he plans a line of Alien sex toys in the future…)
Heighway had been planning more of an Alien reveal at the Pinball Party, but that didn't happen in the end due to various delays. But he did reveal that a new whitewood is due in the next week or so.
He said that there had been big changes from the design done for the company by Dennis Nordman, but pointed out that such changes are normal from one whitewood to the next.
The company makes extensive use of the Future Pinball platform to simulate the shot geometry of the game (why do we persist in calling it shot geometry – surely it should be shot geography?) and Heighway showed off some clips of the game running on the platform.
He stressed that nothing that was shown was finalised or necessarily had licensor approval so was absolutely subject to change or removal.
Having said that, the footage looked amazing: it felt like one of those rare games – like The Addams Family – which makes the player feel that they are part of a movie.
Which movie? Heighway showed off a start sequence where the player chooses whether to play Alien, or Aliens, the second film in the franchise. The modes available depend on which movie is selected.
The footage included what looked like a Find Jonesy mode, and various weapons that have to be collected.
But let's not go overboard just yet because this was just a few choice clips that were shown and all is subject to change. Still, it looks very promising indeed.
What else can we say about the game? It has four flippers, there's a screen on the playfield and the option of another on the backbox, and the LE comes with a rather uninspiring topper consisting of two yellow domes containing rotating lights, F14 Tomcat style.
In their defence, rotating lamp toppers do add to a game when they flash their stuff, even if they don't look that great when they are switched off. (There will be 500 LEs available, and they have not yet sold out. The topper will also be available as an extra for non-LE purchasers.)
More facts about the company were revealed during a factory tour. For example, the company has already made about ten Full Throttles (six going to Canada, three to the US and one to Australia) with another dozen or so to be made shortly. The following production run will be forty four machines.
Heighway is preparing to be able to produce two hundred to four hundred per month by the end of the year, hinting that some of those could be Alien machines. Each machine should take between six and eight hours to build, which is about a third of the industry norm accordig to Heighway.
To do this the company has been out shopping and bought its own injection moulding machines to make things like plastic posts and flipper bushings, and a CNC router which has six separate tools to make Russian birch playfields (and other components like plastics).
He also showed off a huge 8m x 4m Canon UV ink flatbed printing machine that will be capable of printing up to forty playfields in a ten hour shift, as well as all the company's plastics.
So when will we see a fully working Alien machine in the flesh? Soon it seems. Hopefully at Expo in October…
[JURIST] The US Supreme Court [official website] ruled [opinion, PDF] Monday in Kokesh v. Securities and Exchange Commission [SCOTUSblog materials] that claims for disgorgement in an SEC enforcement action are held within the five-year statute of limitations. The court was unanimous in its opinion that the SEC filing for disgorgement [Cornell LII backgrounder] to prevent unjust enrichment is limited as it is a penalty that requires a statute of limitations. Justice Sonia Sotomayor wrote the opinion, which reversed lower court's decision. “SEC disgorgement thus bears all the hallmarks of a penalty: It is imposed as a consequence of violating a public law and it is intended to deter, not to compensate. The 5-year statute of limitations in §2462 therefore applies when the SEC seeks disgorgement.”
The court granted certiorari in the case in January and heard oral arguments [JURIST reports] in April.
“Limelight” (from Persimmon Tree)
Kay Ryan
One can't work by
limelight.
A bowlful
right at
one's elbow
produces no
more than
a baleful
glow against
the kitchen table.
The fruit purveyor's
whole unstable
pyramid
doesn't equal
what daylight did.
Comment:
For now, I want to use this poem as an introduction to a theme I consider more radical. I'm not sure, but I think fame in Dickinson is closely connected to the problem of self-knowledge. Again, not sure. One might consider fame destructive of self-knowledge, but at the same time to speak our own name is to hope someone else can understand or appreciate it.
“One can't work by limelight:” fame and related aspirations are not conducive to our everyday work. That seems intuitive enough, though there is a trap. Some people do seem to work in the limelight, by limelight, for the limelight. We can't really say their efforts are nothing but vanity. Such a thing would probably be akin to saying that saying one's own name is vanity, or that speaking at all is vanity. That gets absurd in the extreme.
So the speaker talks about what seems to be her own experience with limelight. She had a “bowlful” right at her elbow at the kitchen table. The bowlful produced nothing but the baleful. The joke is that this is a light literally made of limes; this is as far away from anything recognizable or honorable. It is nonsense, except for this thought: we construct fame from the everyday. Our speaker sees smallness and weirdness. Nothing good comes from it.
This is counterintuitive to me, to a degree. I read Xenophon. I play with the idea that once upon a time, there were men who wanted to lead. If they could prove themselves leaders, they would be rulers, others would be ruled. And if something in their nature meant that they were better at ruling, it might mean they were a higher class of being, not simply human being. Perhaps they would have credible claims to divinity.
So it is strange for me to have to think that fame is like a weird, slightly ominous glow coming from a bowl of fruit in the kitchen. I tend to think that whatever fame generally is, it is related to the problem of men competing with each other for a status they think immortal.
Ryan's speaker seems to understand my concern, as she introduces another figure into the poem: a fruit purveyor. That weird, ominous everyday glow which is nearly useless came from someone – anyone – who arranged a bowl of fruit. Dickinson makes a similar point in her work, that fame is contingent on whatever some yahoo or combination thereof thinks. To want fame is to subject your good graces to their judgment, to build from that. The classical problem in a way speaks past both Dickinson and Ryan. It ties fame to rule; the highest sort comes from rule. All other sorts of fame don't matter as much as those where leadership is involved.
Whereas for the artist or artisan simply trying to make the most of the everyday, fame is actually unnecessary. The light we see with every day is fine. The important thing, it seems, is the broadness of perspective “daylight” implies as opposed to “limelight.” That much does speak to a point which comes up in the classics. It is amazing how narrow minded, how purposeful, leaders have to be at times. Like as if they have to deny themselves real knowledge of others, maybe even self-knowledge, in order to act.
* Energy shares fall along with oil * Financials, Citigroup slide * Democrats set Dec. 2 for automakers to offer plan * Jobless claims exacerbate economic jitters * Dow off 5.6 pct, S&P 500 off 6.7 pct, Nasdaq off 5.1 pct * For up-to-the-minute market news, please click on STXNEWS/US (Updates to close)
By Leah Schnurr
NEW YORK, Nov 20 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks plunged yet again on Thursday, as a frantic flight from risk prompted by investors' deepening economic fears drove the benchmark Standard & Poor's 500 index to its lowest level since 1997 — completing the erasure of more than a decade of stock market gains.
The latest leg down in what has been a 13-month whipping of equities worldwide was led by the year's weakest links: banks, commodity producers and carmakers.
The S&P 500 is now more than 52 percent below its October 2007 record high, making the current bear market the second biggest on record. The current decline is exceeded only by the 83 percent drop between 1930 and 1932, according to the Stock Trader's Almanac.
“People are looking for light at the end of the tunnel and people don't see anything,” said Giri Cherukuri, head trader at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle, Illinois.
On Thursday, the price of oil hurtled below $50 a barrel, taking energy shares with it as dismal U.S. economic data intensified concerns of a long and deep global recession, crushing fuel demand expectations. Chevron (CVX.N) tumbled more than 8 percent and dragged the most on the Dow.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI plunged 444.99 points, or 5.56 percent, to 7,552.29. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX lost 54.14 points, or 6.71 percent, to 752.44. The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC slid 70.30 points, or 5.07 percent, to 1,316.12.
The number of American workers on the unemployment rolls surged to the highest in a quarter century, government data showed, while a regional manufacturing gauge slumped as the economic misery intensified.
Financial stocks helped lead the way lower. Citigroup (C.N) dove 26.4 percent to $4.71 on growing worries about whether the second-largest U.S. bank has enough capital to withstand billions of dollars of additional loan losses, overshadowing fresh support from Saudi Prince Alwaleed, its largest individual investor. [ID:nLK678894]
An S&P index of financial shares .GSPF tumbled 10.5 percent. JPMorgan Chase & Co(JPM.N) was the second-heaviest weight on the Dow, falling 17.9 percent to $23.38.
DETROIT'S BAILOUT HITS SPEED BUMP
Further uncertainty over the prospects for a bailout for struggling automakers added to the gloom. Democratic leaders warned the bill would not pass unless it included a plan for the industry to return to profitability. For details, see [ID:nSP414881].
Shares of General Motors (GM.N) and Ford (F.N) were tied to the bailout news, ending higher after falling sharply earlier in the day. GM rose 3.2 percent to $2.88, while Ford advanced 10.3 percent to $1.39.
Democratic leaders said automakers can submit another plan by Dec. 2, adding that the proposal could be considered the week of Dec. 8.
In the energy sector, Chevron dropped 8.8 percent to $64.40, while an S&P index of energy companies .GSPE tumbled 11.2 percent.
U.S. front-month crude oil CLc1 fell $4.00 to settle at $49.62 a barrel, the lowest settlement since May 23, 2005.
Volume was heavy on the New York Stock Exchange, where about 2.23 billion shares changed hands, above last year's estimated daily average of 1.90 billion, while on the Nasdaq, about 3.15 billion shares traded, well above last year's daily average of 2.17 billion.
Decliners outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by a ratio of 13 to 1, while on the Nasdaq, nearly seven stocks fell for every one that rose. (Editing by Jan Paschal)
Well, it's time to get back to having fun with ‘The Primates‘!
Today we'll look at a common misconception some religious folk have, namely non-believers already know God or the gods exist, but just pretend they don't. Let's take a gander.
Today's Comic
The Deconstruction
I believe this comic is a classic example of ‘projecting'. Some Christians will actually use the cartoon's advice to allay the doubts of a faltering believer. The most classic example of this ‘fake it until you make it' mentality is, of course, found in the ever infamous ‘Pensées' by Pascal just after his famous wager:
But at least learn your inability to believe, since reason brings you to this, and yet you cannot believe. Endeavour then to convince yourself, not by increase of proofs of God, but by the abatement of your passions. You would like to attain faith, and do not know the way; you would like to cure yourself of unbelief, and ask the remedy for it. Learn of those who have been bound like you, and who now stake all their possessions. These are people who know the way which you would follow, and who are cured of an ill of which you would be cured. Follow the way by which they began; by acting as if they believed, taking the holy water, having masses said, etc. Even this will naturally make you believe, and deaden your acuteness.
Pensées Section III note 233, Translation by W. F. Trotter
Well, okay, so we can tell it's probably a blatant projection. But that doesn't mean it isn't an accurate portrayal of the unbeliever; it could just be a case of the pot calling the kettle black. Now I won't pretend to speak for all unbelievers. However, I am interested in the truth, and faking it until you make it does not, in anyway, reveal truth. At best it allows you to, as Pascal mentioned, ‘deaden your acuteness' or fit in to a community.
Okay, but what if one actually doubts if they don't unbelieve? Well, first, what if, as a kid, you doubted if Santa wasn't real? Sure, you know your parents get you presents, but what if Santa was real and your parents got you presents to make you feel better? Using this reasoning, all your friends who also found out their parents got them presents rather than Santa could also be in the same boat and you aren't any closer to disproving Santa. But you don't have to disprove Santa. You just need good evidence to believe in him. Until that evidence is presented, you regulate Santa with elves, gremlins, and the Loch Ness Monster.
So to the doubting atheist (if such an entity exists), I would suggest reading. Not just things that support your world view. No, read and scrutinise claims from various religions and weigh their evidence. It's okay not to know; there is so much we don't know about this big, beautiful world. It's okay not to know; that means you can do more research and thinking, and, at least for me, that is exciting. It's okay not to know; don't fake it, don't pretend.
And I'll say the same to the theist who is doubting. It's okay not to know. If there is a god, you aren't it. We're just humans, struggling to learn and grow in our short time on earth. And that's beautiful. And scary.
The Revision
Actually, since I've never heard an atheist say what was in the original comic but I HAVE heard it from theists, I'm just going to do a basic correction. I know this doesn't represent all theists, but whenever I hear some use the phrase ‘you just gotta have faith', it sounds exactly the same as keep pretending.
I'm sure this topic will appear again in a future ‘Primates', so I'll discuss the idea that Satan is confusing us and tricking us into unbelief in a future deconstruction.
[ Not Ha Ha Funny – Eastern Philosophy on Happiness ] <—- Previous
Next —-> [ Not Ha Ha Funny – That's Evil]
Advertisements
A multibillion-dollar deal to sell made-in-Canada light-armoured vehicles to Saudi Arabia is being championed by Ottawa as a major success for Canadian diplomacy.
But the Official Opposition NDP is raising concerns about arms sales to a country with a poor human rights record.
The deal would see General Dynamics Land Systems Canada, the London, Ont.-based arm of a U.S. defence and aerospace contractor, supply Saudi Arabia. It's worth $10-billion over 14 years and will sustain more than 3,000 jobs annually in Canada.
Story continues below advertisement
International Trade Minister Ed Fast announced the deal is being underwritten by Ottawa's Canadian Commercial Corporation. He said the light-armoured vehicles will be designed and manufactured in London, "which will become the epicentre of a cross-Canada supply chain directly benefiting more than 500 local Canadian firms."
Mr. Fast touted the deal as a triumph for Canada's new economic diplomacy effort, the Global Markets Action Plan.
"Our government will continue to support our exporters and manufacturers to create jobs, as part of our government's most ambitious pro-trade, pro-export plan in Canadian history."
Mr. Fast said General Dynamics won the contract over competitors in France, Germany and other European Union companies.
NDP foreign affairs critic Paul Dewar said he's worried these light-armoured vehicles could be used by Saudi Arabia to oppress citizens. "Is this just open-for-business for whoever wants to buy arms from us?" he said. "I am concerned what these arms could be used for."
A January update by Human Rights Watch regarding the Middle Eastern country says: "In Saudi Arabia, 2013 was another bad year for human rights, marred by executions and repression of women and activists."
The rights group also draws attention to Saudi's treatment of religious minorities. "Saudi Arabia does not tolerate public worship by adherents of religions other than Islam and systematically discriminates against Muslim religious minorities, in particular Twelver Shia and Ismailis," Human Rights Watch says.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Dewar said he worries this deal is part of a ramp-up in arms exports by Canada and is unhappy that Ottawa has stopped issuing annual reports on where the country's weapons sales are heading.
General Dynamics Lands Systems Canada, which builds light-armoured vehicles, was formerly the defence division of General Motors of Canada. It was acquired by General Dynamics in 2003.
Jayson Myers, president of Canadian Manufacturers and Exporters, lauded the deal. "This is an Olympic win for Canada and for Canadian manufacturers. It shows how great people in truly innovative companies like General Dynamic Land Systems Canada can compete internationally and bring home the gold," he said. "Like all victories, it's been the result of a team effort in which the government has played a crucial role. All Canadians should be proud of this record achievement."
At least Alexis Tsipras avoided having to send Greece's fairest one hundred maidens in tribute to Berlin. Apart from that, the Greek prime minister has had to concede on pretty much everything the other members of the euro demanded.
The details are still trickling out about the political agreement struck by the all-night eurozone summit, and there are a lot more decisions to be made in the coming days. But we can already draw three lessons. None is particularly edifying.
First, the decisions Europe's busiest politicians find it appropriate to make are outright bizarre. The draft document that the eurogroup of finance ministers prepared for leaders on Sunday contains, among other things, a specific requirement to improve competition among . . . bakeries.
Perhaps the bakers of Greece need more competition. Perhaps, at a stretch, we can find some reason why this would contribute to a higher Greek growth rate. But we should gasp at the hubris of a class of European politicians who think both that their time is well spent doing this kind of micromanagement and that their preferred micro-policies are so conducive to growth they can overrule the domestic political process.
Greece unquestionably needs reform. But remember where the country was just a year ago. Austerity was paused in 2014, which allowed growth to return. Athens was in a primary surplus and needed no further financial aid — only extensions to smooth out the steep repayment cliffs in 2015 and 2016 that the eurozone and the International Monetary Fund recklessly left unchanged in the 2012 restructuring. Would it really have been so hard to simply grant the extensions (without haircuts), let the growth rebound continue (which would have increased the ability to service the debt) and leave Greeks to fight out whether and how to fix their country (or not)?
Second, the one constructive party in the past few weeks has been France. After five years of playing second fiddle to Germany — and to Berlin's tune at that — Paris rediscovered its status as coequal leader of the European project. For all its sternness, Germany does not want to go it alone. The health of the euro would have been stronger today had France retrieved its confidence sooner.
But note what it took. Once Grexit was publicly contemplated at the highest levels in Berlin, the scene was being set for a return to speculative attacks on France itself — not tomorrow, not the day after, but certainly one day. This, we must recall, was the main French motivation for monetary union in the first place. Grexit would have eliminated the main raison d'être for the single currency as seen from Paris.
Finally, Greece capitulated because the European Central Bank forced it to do so. In flagrant defiance of its treaty obligation to support the general economic policy of the eurozone — which includes since June 2012 a requirement to separate the health of the banking system from the solvency of sovereigns — the ECB forced a shutdown of the Greek banking system and made clear it would only let it function again once a deal on sovereign finances had been struck.
This has established beyond any doubt that the independence of the eurozone's central bank from politicians is nothing of the sort. Far from being independent, the ECB does governments' bidding. But its dependence is selective — and that is something that should worry the citizens of eurozone nations beyond Greece.
martin.sandbu@ft.com
Martin Sandbu writes Free Lunch, the FT's daily premium newsletter on global economics
A master at seducing – and offending – women, Tank is a professional “My Best Friend's Girl.” When guys get dumped, they hire Tank to take their ex-girlfriends out on the worst date of their lives – an experience so horrible it sends them running gratefully back to their beaus.
So when Tank's best friend, Dustin, is dumped by his new girlfriend, Tank naturally offers to help out… and ends up meeting the challenge of a lifetime. Smart, beautiful and headstrong, Alexis is the first girl who knows how to call his bluff, and Tank soon finds himself torn between his loyalty to Dustin and his love for his best friend's girl.
An outrageous, sexy, no-holds-barred romantic comedy, Lionsgate‘s My Best Friend's Gir stars Dane Cook and Kate Hudson, and is directed by Howard Deutch from a script by Jordan Cahan.
Red band trailer for “My Best Friend's Girl” gives us a better introduction to Tank (Dane Cook), whose job it is to get couples back together by being an asshole. His job backfires when he falls for a client he was supposed to get back together.
“My Best Friend's Girl” will hit theaters on September 19, 2008
[flv]http://www.mybestfriendsgirlmovie.com/aol/trailer_b.flv[/flv]
About
Integration. Simplicity. Morningstar.
We live in a magical age. The technology to build Morningstar didn't exist two years ago. Now, we can integrate all the components of a complex role-playing game into a single application that can be run on your tablet, laptop or phone.
Everything about the game is at your fingertips from rulebooks, adventures, characters, and maps to the most specific character customization - even a hard-earned badge from an epic homebrew campaign. Tracking campaigns and compiling logbooks are no longer chores, but an integrated, shareable experience. And game night is streamlined. Rules lookups are instantaneous - the right information is at your fingertips. Sharing of content, maps and secret notes is a single tap away. Spend more time role-playing and less time rules-playing.
We firmly believe that the best adventures are sitting on the shelves and in the minds of passionate players and game masters like you. We are publishers by trade. Morningstar is designed to allow writers to publish and get paid for their creativity and imagination.
Since the beginning, our design has been fueled by your feedback. Morningstar will continue to grow and evolve based on what our community most desires. Our commitment is to integration, simplicity and creativity. To accomplish this, the initial release of Morningstar includes 7 closely-integrated modules as described below.
The First Six Modules.
The first release of Morningstar, launching in April 2015, will feature six modules that unlock the potential of tabletop roleplaying by immersing players in the storytelling aspects rather than in bookkeeping and rules checking.
Players will be able to quickly create and manage characters, track the progress of their adventures, send secret messages, roll virtual dice and more. GM's will be able to manage adventures, track encounters, share maps and notes as well as organize large scale campaigns all through a cleverly designed mobile interface.
Most importantly, our Library will be packed full of purchasable content written and submitted by homebrew and indie authors.
The Seventh Module.
But this only scratches the surface of what we have planned for Codename Morningstar. In July 2015, we will release our seventh module, which we call “The Forge”. Through the Forge, Game Designers can create adventures and campaigns, share them with their friends or publish them in our Library for the entire world to enjoy.
Head over to Massively to see some cool pictures and a good interview! Thanks Vancha for the news tip!
Latest Comments
2011-10-03 04:59 PM
kaffis Re: Massively Interviews Tramell "T-Ray" Isaac Raymac Originally Posted by I'm excited to see just how well this game runs. (I'm already planning my budget to get the best GPU I can when PS2 is released)
However, the reason I cut out this part of your post is, be careful you don't go overboard with a brand-spankin' new, bleeding edge video card and pair it with an aging CPU. Recent game engines work the CPU a lot harder than ones, say, 10 years ago did.
2011-10-03 05:36 PM
NapalmEnima Re: Massively Interviews Tramell "T-Ray" Isaac NapalmEnima Originally Posted by Gonna tweet it, see if I can get an answer. mstorer3772 Mark Storer
@PS_TRay @mhigby @planetside2 How long will the day/night cycle be? I hope its picked so every time slot/day will get both. #planetside2
PS_TRay T Ray
@mstorer3772 undecided right now
Ah well... it was worth a try.
2011-10-03 05:40 PM
Raymac Re: Massively Interviews Tramell "T-Ray" Isaac kaffis Originally Posted by First off, I think you're underestimating the raw power of modern GPUs. What we're seeing in screenshots clearly won't be representative of the play experience on the lower end of the system reqs, but it's well within the capabilities (with a good engine) of something like a GeForce 580, I'd estimate.
However, the reason I cut out this part of your post is, be careful you don't go overboard with a brand-spankin' new, bleeding edge video card and pair it with an aging CPU. Recent game engines work the CPU a lot harder than ones, say, 10 years ago did. AMD Phenom II x4 955) I've been gradually leapfrog updating my CPU and GPU, so I'll probably lean towards getting a GPU that is on the upper end of what my CPU can handle. I just really hope my CPU isn't junk by the time PS2 gets released.
The reason I'm kind of concerned, and Higby has said it a number of times himself, is that making an MMOFPS has got to be hard or else we would see more of them. When you add in the hundreds or thousands of players all on the same map, it's got to be taxing on any rig, right? I really want to be pleasantly surprised, but it's almost feeling like it's too good to be true. One rule I live by is, if it sounds too good to be true, then it is. Just trying to keep my ever growing expectations in check.
2011-10-03 06:00 PM
Xyntech Re: Massively Interviews Tramell "T-Ray" Isaac Fortunately most of the highest detail textures and shaders on character models and weapons won't be needed beyond 5 to 10 meters.
I think the most important thing will be an engine that can scale to the appropriate levels of graphics cards and some exceptional net code. If they can manage those two things, I think the number of players will be relatively easy.
Look at some zombie games such as Left 4 Dead. It isn't the hundreds of character models that we will be seeing in Planetside, but it's a good example of how a well designed engine can accommodate a large number of moving entities without affecting performance much. The devs just have to start at 300 players on screen and work back from there, instead of 30.
I doubt you will ever have more than 30 people right next to you, especially not in any plausible combat situations, so hopefully distant view models will help a lot.
Net code is going to be the real killer here, but I have high hopes for it since that's really going to be an essential.
2011-10-03 06:25 PM
NapalmEnima Re: Massively Interviews Tramell "T-Ray" Isaac Update from Higby via Twitter:
mhigby Matthew Higby
@mstorer3772 We haven't locked that down 100% yet, it's a bit too fast internally. I have a feeling it'll be a couple hours long eventually. 2 hours? Maybe. That sounds good to me.
EDIT:
Yet another answer, this time from SOE_Hack (producer of PS2): @SOE_Hack Josh
@mstorer3772 @planetside2 something we've been playing with, but we'll really need to balance the day/night cycle during beta. You'd think they didn't talk to each other or something.
2011-10-03 07:23 PM
Talek Krell Re: Massively Interviews Tramell "T-Ray" Isaac They're probably all a bunch of twitter haters, and don't monitor each other's feeds.
2011-10-03 07:56 PM
Hamma Re: Massively Interviews Tramell "T-Ray" Isaac much h8 for Twitter indeed.
I think a couple/few hours will be more than acceptable. Not to long that you feel like you are always playing at the same time and not to short that it zips by stupidly.
2011-10-03 08:24 PM
Xyntech Re: Massively Interviews Tramell "T-Ray" Isaac Anything shorter than 2 hours will be too short. I feel like anything longer than 5 hours would be too long.
My vote is still for 4-hour days
But considering they say it will be balanced in beta, I have no doubt that it will be a very good length by launch time.
2011-10-03 10:38 PM
Captain B Re: Massively Interviews Tramell "T-Ray" Isaac What would be cool is if Auraxis had two moons, or maybe one of the future planets did. Britannia, anyone?
2011-10-03 10:59 PM
Sirisian Re: Massively Interviews Tramell "T-Ray" Isaac I just got the best idea ever. Binary star system. During dual sun the trees burst into flames and the grass burns into sand. Then as one sets the nanites repair the grass and the world transforms. Then when both suns begin to set it starts to rain then to snow as night comes and the moon comes up. </pipe dream> (Doesn't have to have realistic sun motions).
2011-10-03 11:17 PM
Captain B Re: Massively Interviews Tramell "T-Ray" Isaac I'm liking the new screenshots of the NC armor with the blue and such. I'm guessing that's our HA armor, with all the appropriate plates on the legs and such.
...but one constant thing I've noticed that I have to ask, where the fuck are our helmets?! where the fuck are our helmets?!
2011-10-03 11:48 PM
Vancha Re: Massively Interviews Tramell "T-Ray" Isaac Raymac Originally Posted by Thanks for the advice, and you're right. I don't want to go too overboard with a new GPU, because my CPU isn't great, but it's not bad either. (AMD Phenom II x4 955) I've been gradually leapfrog updating my CPU and GPU, so I'll probably lean towards getting a GPU that is on the upper end of what my CPU can handle. I just really hope my CPU isn't junk by the time PS2 gets released.
2011-10-03 11:49 PM
BorisBlade Re: Massively Interviews Tramell "T-Ray" Isaac 4 hours is about as short as it should be, you are lookin at like 1.75 hours of day and 1.75 night with prob .5 of sunrise/sunset (maybe a bit longer on thet set/rise). anything shorter and your daytime is just gone way too fast.
5 hours is prob best, you get more decent time lengths plus its odd numbered so the time of day in RL versus in game changes constantly so if you play at the same time each day then you get to experience all the times of day as the auraxian time shifts thru. You would keep an odd numbered cycle as a rule thru any additional planets they add in the future as well, for the same reasons although the actual length could vary from very short to vastly longer.
I do hope tho that in future additions of different planets that they take advantage with some unique flavors to day/night cycles with different cycle times and maybe even different ways of lighting it. Two suns with varying times of rise/set, or maybe its a dim star with dusk level of lighting in the day, or maybe nights have many moons with some large and bright and some dim and small to light up the sky for various amounts of time as they pass by giving you say 20-30 mins of good light before it rotates out. Or a million other ideas, some much more exotic. Things that really arent complicated, but add more variety and flavor. Having them be smaller planets or moons with only one zone could mean even more variety per new area as well. Its a long way off for those but could be cool nonetheless.
2011-10-04 01:46 AM
Raymac Re: Massively Interviews Tramell "T-Ray" Isaac Vancha Originally Posted by Keep in mind you can upgrade to an AM3+ motherboard which should run the next 2-3 generations of AMD CPUs, while still being compatible with your 955, so you could split the costs over time instead of getting a new mobo and CPU at once.
2011-10-04 11:54 AM
PITTSBURGH — The firm that oversees registrations for the SAT has canceled college entrance exams on Saturday in China and Macau, because some students may have already seen copies of the tests.
The College Board, the New York-based testing firm, revealed the cancelations on Thursday. Stacy Caldwell, the firm's vice president for college readiness assessments, said officials told students on Wednesday.
The College Board said 45 testing centers were affected, but it could not immediately say how many students were due to take the tests this weekend. Those students will likely be advised next week about a makeup exam, which will probably be scheduled in a month or so, Caldwell said.
Advertisement
College Board officials wouldn't say how many students might have accessed the SAT tests in advance, or how they did so, citing security concerns.
Get Today's Headlines in your inbox: The day's top stories delivered every morning. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
‘‘Any piece of information we provide, folks use that to try to figure out ways around the system,'' Caldwell said.
Last year, federal prosecutors in Pittsburgh charged 15 Chinese citizens in a conspiracy to have impostors take the SAT and other college entrance tests in western Pennsylvania since 2011.
A former University of Pittsburgh student, Han Tong, 24, has pleaded guilty to being the go-between for Chinese students who paid up to $6,000 to have impostors take the tests for them. He's set for sentencing April 21.
U.S. Attorney David Hickton, of Pittsburgh, said all but three of those defendants — who remain in China — have pleaded guilty. Six have been deported and/or sentenced and the other six are awaiting similar hearings.
Advertisement
The Educational Testing Service, of Princeton, New Jersey, administers the SAT; the Test of English as a Foreign Language and the GRE graduate school entry exam, which were targeted in the Pittsburgh-based scam. The College Board oversees registration for the SAT and, therefore, is tasked with ensuring schools that test results are legitimate for each particular student.
‘‘We take test security very seriously,'' Caldwell said. ‘‘When we deliver an SAT score, that score is a fair and balanced score. When we see any sorts of reports of security incidents, we run them down.''
The College Board conducts after-the-fact statistical analyses to find test score patterns that suggest cheating, and sometimes requires more stringent identification from students if it appears impostors may be taking the tests.
Canceling tests is the most serious step taken if cheating is suspected, however, Caldwell said.
The last time SAT tests were canceled was in 2013 in Korea, which Caldwell called ‘‘a very similar situation.''
Willi (Willy) Lehmann (15 March 1884, in Leipzig – 13 December 1942, in Berlin) was a police official and Soviet agent in Nazi Germany.[1]
Lehmann was a criminal inspector and SS-Hauptsturmführer (captain), alias Agent A-201/Breitenbach. During World War II Lehmann was one of the most valuable sources for the NKVD in Germany.
Biography [ edit ]
Lehmann joined the Berlin Police force in 1911. In 1920 he became deputy division chief of anti-espionage. In 1929 Lehmann began providing information for the NKVD. He did this not out of communist sympathy, but because he was married, also had a girlfriend, and needed money. In addition, he had a fondness for betting on horses.[2]
In 1933 Lehmann joined the Gestapo. The NKVD code name for the Gestapo was Apotheke (pharmacy). In the Gestapo Lehmann became director of the division combating Soviet espionage. Thanks to Lehmann's information, the Soviets were able to free their agent Arnold Deutsch, who would go on to recruit Kim Philby.[3]
Lehmann entered the SS in 1934. Toward the end of June, Hermann Göring asked Lehmann to help organize the Röhm Putsch to liquidate opponents of the regime. Lehmann later told the NKVD that the murders he committed during the Night of the Long Knives sickened him. But at the same time they solidified his position with his Gestapo superiors.
In 1939 Lehmann transferred to the Reich Main Security Office, division IV. His responsibility was to prevent the Soviets from spying on the German armaments industry. This position enabled Lehmann to provide valuable information to the Soviets about German armaments. On 19 June 1941, Lehmann reported to the NKVD the exact date on which the Germans planned to invade the Soviet Union. Operation Barbarossa was launched on 22 June 1941. His message was telegraphed to Beria and Stalin, who noted in green ink "disinformation" on Lehmann's intelligence report.
In 1942, with the Germans' discovery of the Red Orchestra, Lehmann was arrested and shot without trial on orders of Heinrich Himmler, who at the same time had the entire matter hushed up.
References [ edit ]
Donald Trump's frequent claim that a wave of people voting illegally cost him the popular vote is a lie. So is his claim of gigantic crowds at his inauguration. And from that foundation flowed an unprecedented torrent of flat lies, wild exaggerations, and what the experts call “bullshit” — statements not even intended to reflect the truth.
As the president approaches his 100th day in office, an extensive — but not exhaustive — BuzzFeed News review found an average of one false statement per day from Trump and his top aides.
We don't take calling things “lies” lightly. (See our definitions at the top of this article.) And we don't suggest that Trump is the first president in history to lie: As I.F. Stone once wrote, “All governments lie.”
But Trump's falsehoods come with an unprecedented frequency, scale, and lack of shame. They are a defining feature of his tenure, and have helped create a crisis of credibility.
With implied volatility heading lower, it's time to adjust your option trading strategies for this environment.
One often-overlooked trade is the directional calendar spread.
We will take a look at calendar spreads in general, as well as how to manage risk, what to look for when putting on a trade, and an example idea in $ANF.
What is a Calendar Spread?
A calendar spread is also known as a time spread. This kind of option strategy is where you buy and sell two different options, with the only variation being the calendar month of expiration.
For example, with $XOM trading at 86.50, you could place a call calendar:
Notice how the only difference between the bought and sold option is the month.
How Do Calendar Spreads Make Money?
The goal of calendar spreads is to have the underlying price stay close to the strike price of the options heading into options expiration.
If that happens, the premium on the sold option (front month) will decay faster than the bought option (back month).
Also, because the bought option has a higher sensitivity to implied volatility, you will make money if premiums in the options rise.
Different Types of Calendar Spreads
I usually put calendars into 2 kinds of strategies: speculative and income.
Speculative calendars have the strike price of the spread is far away from the current price of the stock. You have to see a larger move in your favor before profits are realized. In exchange for lower odds, you have higher return on your risk.
Income calendars have the strike price very close to the current price of the underlying. These trades require the stock to not move much so that time decay of the option premium can go in your favor.
Why Use Calendars to Trade Directionally?
Many traders focus on just buying calls and puts when trading options.
But you can use speculative calendars to decrease your immediate risk in the trade.
Because you are selling an option against a long option, it means the directional exposure is reduced.
And the cool part is-- if you are right, you start to accumulate positive theta.
There are two downsides:
First, you have upside risk. So if a stock goes bankrupt or is bought out, then you may end up at a loss-- remember, the trade makes money only if the underlying stock is near the strike price.
Second, you don't see your gains immediately. Depending on your timeframe, this may end up being a "slow cooker" trade, where profits slowly grow as time goes on. This is different compared to buying options straight up, which have their max profits realized immediately.
4 Conditions to Trade Directional Calendar Spreads
There are a few things I look for when trading speculative calendars:
Lower Implied Volatility. Because calendars are bullish vega, if implied volatility sinks the trade will lose out. In higher vol environments, vertical spreads are a better trade.
Because calendars are bullish vega, if implied volatility sinks the trade will lose out. In higher vol environments, vertical spreads are a better trade. No large difference in implied volatility. If the front month has a much larger implied volatility than the back month, then the trade can be at a natural disadvantage. Conversely, if the front month has a huge implied volatility, it generally means that there is event risk-- something like earnings or an FDA event.
If the front month has a much larger implied volatility than the back month, then the trade can be at a natural disadvantage. Conversely, if the front month has a huge implied volatility, it generally means that there is event risk-- something like earnings or an FDA event. Have a price target. Stocks rarely run forever. If you have a target on a stock, you are saying "odds are the stock will run to this area, but not much past that before options expiration." This works very well with turnaround plays that have clear levels of support or resistance to work with.
Stocks rarely run forever. If you have a target on a stock, you are saying "odds are the stock will run to this area, but not much past that before options expiration." This works very well with turnaround plays that have clear levels of support or resistance to work with. Enough time premium. It doesn't make sense to sell front month options that have a value of 0.05. There are no hard numbers here as each stock is different, but directional calendars with greater than 2 weeks left to expiration are good for newer traders.
How to Manage Risk
The biggest risk at the outset is the delta, or directional exposure. So price stops are needed at the beginning.
If you're right, then the next risk you have is the tradeoff between theta and gamma. As a trade evolves, you need to figure out what kind of profit you are comfortable with, and if price moves outside a particular range then you need to take your money and run.
A Calendar Spread Example
One trade I think is great right now is in $ANF. It's a turnaround play that has a very clear gap fill at 55.
I expect that price will move higher but will find sellers as it comes back into that earnings gap.
So the trade I like here is a directional calendar spread:
This trade makes money provided $ANF stays above the current price and underneath 59.
In terms of risk management, a simple price stop works to protect downside risk-- so something like a close under the 20 day moving average would be an adaptive risk management technique that would keep you in line with the trend.
If you like these kinds of trades-- check out IWO Premium where trade alerts come with strategy, position sizing, and risk management.
Ravens offensive tackle Michael Oher retreated, backing up several yards to haul in a high punt from Sam Koch.
Then, massive nose guard Terrence "Mount" Cody executed a one-handed grab of another Koch punt before tossing the football to the sidelines.
By doing so, Oher and Cody just increased their popularity in the locker room as their punt-catching efforts earned the team a shorter practice, with coach John Harbaugh shaving off roughly a half-hour from the workout.
"There were ramifications," Harbaugh said. "They earned the other guys a little time off. There was a lot of pressure on those guys."
What Oher did was particularly impressive because he had to move a lot to get under Koch's towering punt.
"You will not see that in games, I can assure you of that," Harbaugh said. "At least they won't be catching the ball. They might be blocking. It shows what great athletes those guys are. To walk back and catch a 55-yard bomb from Sam Koch is pretty impressive, and they both did it."
Catching the punt apparently earned the players even more downtime after practice.
Undrafted rookie offensive tackle Jack Cornell thanked Oher via his Twitter account for "fielding that punt and getting us the night off."
Cornerback Lardarius Webb, who returned punts for the Ravens last season, admitted to being surprised that Oher and Cody were able to catch the punts.
"I thought both of them would miss it at first," Webb said. "I've seen Michael Oher catch a pop fly before and it didn't go well. T. Cody, I never thought in a million years he would have caught it, but he caught it with one hand. And I can't catch it with one hand. He did a great job."
awilson@baltsun.com
Injuries continue to pile up for the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Phil Kessel left practice early with an unspecified injury, and coach Randy Carlyle said he wasn't sure if the star winger would be able to play Thursday night against the Dallas Stars.
The same uncertainty goes for centre Tyler Bozak and enforcer Colton Orr, who both missed Wednesday's practice. Bozak was getting an MRI on an upper-body injury suffered in Tuesday night's loss to the San Jose Sharks, while Orr was dealing with an elbow injury, according to Carlyle.
Kessel left practice in a hurry, telling Carlyle that he had enough. Carlyle relayed to reporters that the 26-year-old had a tweak in some part of his body but would not reveal any more.
Winger Joffrey Lupul, who has been out with a groin injury, skated before practice and then was on the ice with teammates for about 15 minutes before leaving in apparent discomfort.
Despite mounting injuries, the team put Jerred Smithson on waivers at noon ET. Carlyle explained the decision as having other players rated ahead of the veteran centre.
Defenceman Cody Franson, who missed the past two games with a lower-body injury, took part in practice and is hopeful he'll be able to return to the lineup against the Stars.
Centre Nazem Kadri returned to the team after missing Tuesday's game against the Sharks because of the death of his grandfather.
GOP presidential candidate Rick Santorum told Pope Francis to “leave science to the scientists” last week, following comments from the pontiff (who has a chemistry degree) that humans were obligated to protect creation. This led Fox News Sunday host Chris Wallace to wonder: if the Pope shouldn't talk science, why should GOP candidates?
“If he's not a scientist — and, in fact, he does have a degree in chemistry — neither are you,” Wallace said.
“We have to make public policy with regard to the environmental policy,” Santorum said. “Whether we like it or not, people in government have to make decisions with respect to our public policy that affect American workers.”
“I'm saying, what should the Pope use his moral authority for?” he asked. “There are more pressing problems confronting the earth than climate change.”
Santorum went on to say that the scientific consensus about climate change was an alarm for him. “Any time you hear a scientist say science is settled, that's political science, not real science,” he said.
Watch the clip below, via Fox News:
[h/t Huffington Post]
[Image via screengrab]
——
>> Follow Evan McMurry (@evanmcmurry) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The Mayor's office in Moscow has refused an application to hold a gay pride even in the city later this month, security officials said because of a “negative attitude” to the application, and that attempts to hold an unofficial march will be “thwarted”.
LGBT activists in Russia, earlier this week filed a request to hold pride on 25 May in the Russian capital, but the application was declined.
Top security official, Alexei Mayorov, said on Wednesday: “We have sent a notification to the organizers that we have not given a go-ahead to the event.”
An application to picket in Moscow's Sokolniki Park was also declined.
He went on to cite a “negative attitude” towards the idea of a gay pride march as the reason for its application being turned down.
Mr Mayorov went on to warn against possible attempts to hold the event anyway, saying: “If the organizers still try to hold the event, a certain reaction will follow and the action will be thwarted.”
In August last year, Nikolay Alexeyev, founder of Moscow Gay Pride, had an appeal against the century-long ban on the parade rejected by Moscow City Court.
Mr Alexeyev filed an appeal against the June ban – which will prevent the city's LGBT community from holding anything that resembles a gay pride march, rally or celebration for the next 100 years.
A law in the city of St Petersburg law equates homosexuality with paedophilia and was passed by the city on February 29 of last year – despite more than 270,000 people signing an online petition against the measure.
Last year, St Petersburg authorities permitted a rally against homophobia, but its participants were attacked by masked thugs, none of whom were arrested.
In January, the Russian State Duma adopted the first reading of a homophobic censorship bill which would impose federal sanctions for the promotion of “gay propaganda”, similar to those passed in several regions of Russia, including St Petersburg.
The Crazy Details Behind The Insane J.J. Abrams Superman Reboot That Almost Was By Eric Eisenberg Random Article Blend
The Krypton not exploding
A baby Kal-El being sent to Earth specifically to live with the Kents
Lex Luthor being revealed as a Kryptonian
Jor-El committing ritual suicide to join his dead son (Superman dies and is resurrected in the film)
Lots and lots of Matrix-inspired Kryptonian kung fu In comparison to what Zack Snyder did in Man of Steel, these are some insanely radical changes. Considering that many fans take every chance they take to tear down the 2013 movie, I seriously wonder what fans would have made of Flyby had it ever actually be been made.
This, of course, is far from the first time that we've ever heard about a particularly out-there version of a superhero movie that wound up getting trapped forever in development hell. Some of you will remember that years ago Darren Aronofsky was going to make an adaptation of Frank Miller's Batman: Year One that would have featured a homeless Bruce Wayne, an African-American auto-mechanic named Al subbing in for the role of Alfred, and a batmobile that was also a Lincoln Continental. And then there's the story of Kevin Smith's attempt at his own Superman reboot, which ran into development issues that included studio notes for giant spiders, robot best friends and polar bears at the Fortress of Solitude. That said, the comic book movie industry has changed quite a bit since the time that any of these projects were in the works, so it's pretty safe to say that we won't be getting anything like them in the next few years if not decades.
To get the full, hilarious story behind Kevin Smith's Superman, I would highly recommend watching the video on the next page: After the false start that was Bryan Singer's Superman Returns, the big screen version of the Man of Tomorrow is finally on firm path towards a stable cinematic future. Director Zack Snyder brought the character back with Man of Steel in 2013, and with Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and, presumably, Justice League on the horizon will keep a continued continuity going for at least a few years. But what if things had gone in a completely different direction? What if instead of having filmmakers like Snyder, Christopher Nolan and David Goyer working behind the scenes it was instead J.J. Abrams instead? As you'll learn to watch the video above, that reality at one point was actually a possibility.The Weekly Planet podcast did a special segment this week where they too an in-depth look back at the history of the J.J. Abrams-scripted Supes movie that almost was: Superman: Flyby. Plucking details from multiple versions of the in-development script, the show reveals that the film would have featured some major changes to the origin story of the titular superhero that would have shocked many fans. With directors like McG and Brett Ratner being looked at for the director's chair, the movie would have included (among other things):In comparison to what Zack Snyder did in Man of Steel, these are some insanely radical changes. Considering that many fans take every chance they take to tear down the 2013 movie, I seriously wonder what fans would have made of Flyby had it ever actually be been made.This, of course, is far from the first time that we've ever heard about a particularly out-there version of a superhero movie that wound up getting trapped forever in development hell. Some of you will remember that years ago Darren Aronofsky was going to make an adaptation of Frank Miller's Batman: Year One that would have featured a homeless Bruce Wayne, an African-American auto-mechanic named Al subbing in for the role of Alfred, and a batmobile that was also a Lincoln Continental. And then there's the story of Kevin Smith's attempt at his own Superman reboot, which ran into development issues that included studio notes for giant spiders, robot best friends and polar bears at the Fortress of Solitude. That said, the comic book movie industry has changed quite a bit since the time that any of these projects were in the works, so it's pretty safe to say that we won't be getting anything like them in the next few years if not decades.To get the full, hilarious story behind Kevin Smith's Superman, I would highly recommend watching the video on the next page: Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Share
As Netflix starts asking its subscribers to dig a little deeper into their pockets for their monthly subs, rival streaming outfit Hulu is cutting the cost for newcomers to its service.
The company's cheapest streaming plan can now be grabbed for just $6 a month for the first year; after that the cost reverts to the regular $8-a-month fee. The first 30 days come free as part of a trial period, so you can even ditch the service after a month and pay nothing if it's not to your liking.
Anyone interested will need to sign up before January 9, 2018, to take advantage of the cheaper rate, Hulu said.
Hulu's basic package comes with ads, but if you can't stand such interruptions, there's an ad-free option for $12 a month — there's currently no special offer attached to this tier.
For those with wallets begging to be raided, Hulu also has a $40-a-month “Live TV” offering, which, as its name cleverly suggests, includes live TV programming along with its growing library of movies and shows. For another $25 a month you can even add HBO and Cinemax content to your streaming deal, or simply opt for one of these, paying $15 for HBO or $10 for Cinemax.
While some commentators have been attributing Hulu's price cut to Netflix's recent decision to hike the cost of several of its tiers, Variety pointed out that Hulu did in fact quietly unveil its $6 offer about two weeks ago before more recently targeting former subscribers with marketing emails aimed at persuading them to give the streaming service another try. Netflix's move to hike prices could work out nicely for Hulu, perhaps serving to push a few disgruntled customers its way.
Hulu has been investing heavily in recent times in a bid to build out its service to take on both Netflix and Amazon. Besides inking deals with a range of companies to boost its content and broaden its service, it revealed just last month that it has earmarked more than $2 billion for programming in 2017, with seven original series set to arrive in the next nine months.
Last week Netflix announced that it will be increasing the monthly price for its standard tier, which lets you use two screens at once, from $10 to $11, and the price of its premium tier, which offers four screens and high-definition streams, from $12 to $14. Its basic $8 tier remains unchanged.
Unsure about which video streaming service to try? Then be sure to check out DT's battle-of-the-giants guide to help you decide.
Get Hulu
by Brett Stevens on May 10, 2015
The difference between the left and right when it comes to speech is that the right identifies threats, while the left targets non-compliance.
While this distinction seems thin to most people, it forms a dividing line between the two: the right reacts to threats, while the left demands all people act toward the same goal.
In other words, there is a middle ground with the right. You can choose not to attack what they hold dear. But with the left, you are either with them, or you are assumed to be against them.
Of the two perspectives, the leftist approach is the more logical. It is designed both to attract converts, and to recognize that no lifestyle or system of belief can thrive with any others. Diversity is an illusion, even of thought. At some point a choice must be made and, while the age of democracy is designed around not making choices, the future belongs to that belief system which puts itself in power and removes or educates away all other options.
The left gains its power from being seen as a revolutionary underdog opposing oppression. This subterfuge creates a public image that is hard to oppose, much as it would be with an anti-pedophilia group, and allows the left to play both roles in government. It portrays itself as both the loyal opposition and the victim, but never the force in power. That way, if anything goes wrong with leftist plans, it is the fault of a vast right-wing conspiracy; if anything goes right, it is a stirring and inspiring story of the little guy rising up and telling the truth to power.
As part of this narrative, the left portrays itself as the victim of rightist-oppression. Frequently mentioned is Joseph McCarthy, who identified a list of security risks, 1/16 of whom were later verified as Soviet spies. In classic right-wing style, he saw a threat and demanded its suppression. Whenever right-wingers point out traitors among us, they are accused of exhuming McCarthy.
Over the past few years however the left has revealed its actual agenda: not censorship of dangerous speech, but removal of all speech except the leftist narrative. They do this by defining certain altruistic-sounding goals, such as avoiding the incitement of hatred, and then expanding the definition over time. Speech codes designed to prevent racial assault have become excuses for suppressing political, artistic, philosophical and scientific speech.
Rightists would benefit from waking up and recognizing the modus operandi of the left. Instead of simply removing threats, we should form a tight clan that excludes all who do not see life in our way. Approve nothing which is not right-wing and if you spot left-wing speech, do your best to sabotage it. It is what they do to you and if you do not play on their level, the disadvantage will forever be yours.
Tags: censorship, leftism, liberalism
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Illustration by Greygouar
In March 2001, futurist Ray Kurzweil published an essay arguing that humans found it hard to comprehend their own future. It was clear from history, he argued, that technological change is exponential — even though most of us are unable to see it — and that in a few decades, the world would be unrecognizably different. “We won't experience 100 years of progress in the 21st century — it will be more like 20,000 years of progress (at today's rate),” he wrote, in ‘The Law of Accelerating Returns'.
Fifteen years on, Kurzweil is a director of engineering at Google and his essay has acquired a cult following among futurists. Some of its predictions are outlandish or over-hyped — but technology experts say that its basic tenets often hold. The evidence, they say, lies in the exponential advances in a suite of enabling technologies ranging from computing power to data storage, to the scale and performance of the Internet (see ‘Onwards and upwards'). These advances are creating tipping points — moments at which technologies such as robotics, artificial intelligence (AI), biology, nanotechnology and 3D printing cross a threshold and trigger sudden and significant change. “We live in a mind-blowingly different world than our grandparents,” says Fei-Fei Li, head of the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory in California, and this will be all the more true for our children and grandchildren (see 'Future focus').
Kurzweil and others have argued that people find this pace of change almost impossible to grasp, because it is human nature to perceive rates of progress as linear, not exponential — much as when one zooms in on a small part of a circle and it appears as an almost straight line. People tend to focus on the past few years, but pulling back reveals a much more dramatic change. Many things that society now takes for granted would have seemed like futuristic nonsense just a few decades ago. We can search across billions of pages, images and videos on the web; mobile phones have become ubiquitous; billions of connected smart sensors monitor in real time everything from the state of the planet to our heartbeats, sleep and steps; and drones and satellites the size of shoeboxes roam the skies.
Onwards and upwards
Exponential advances in enabling technologies have reached the point at which they could trigger disruptive change in sectors from artificial intelligence to robotics to medicine. As a result, many experts argue that tomorrow's world will be unrecognizable from that of today.
ENABLERS
1. Computing power The exponential growth in supercomputing performance is one indicator of dizzying advances across computing. Supercomputers in 2020 are likely to be 30 times more powerful than those of today.
2. Really big data The amount of data worldwide is predicted to reach a whopping 44 zettabytes (1021 bytes) by 2020 — nearly as many digital bits as there are stars in the Universe. This gives more raw material for artificial-intelligence machines to learn from.
3. Communication speed Meanwhile, the performance and scale of the Internet improves. Broadband and WiFi speeds are increasing, and Internet data traffic will exceed a zettabyte this year and double by 2019.
DRIVERS
4. Talking devices By 2020, the number of connected sensors and devices in buildings, cities and farms — the ‘Internet of Things' — will be twice that of the human population.
5. Biology booms Conceptual and technological advances are driving progress in biology. DNA sequencing costs have fallen at an exponential rate and the number of sequences has soared since 1985. Similar advances are happening in neuroscience and biological nanotechnology.
6. Like it, print it 3D printing is becoming cheaper and quicker — one factor that could disrupt manufacturing and allow once-pricey robotics to be mass produced.
7. Rise of robots Purchases of robots are set to rocket as their capabilities increase and costs fall, a trend driven by massive investments in artificial intelligence and robotics by the military and by computing giants such as Google.
All these factors are now converging to push seemingly futuristic technologies out of the lab, and set them on the same path taken by personal computing and consumer electronics.
Illustrations by Greygouar; Design by Wes Fernandes/Nature; Sources: 1. top500; 2. IDC Digital Universe Study, 2012; 3. Cisco Visual Network Index (VNI), 2015; 4. Cisco VNI Global IP Traffic Forecast, 2014–2019; 5. NCBI; 6. EPSRC; Direct Manufacturing Research Center; Roland Berger; 7. International federation of robotics, Japan Robot Association; Japan Ministry of Economy, Trade & Industry; euRobotics; BCG
If the pace of change is exponentially speeding up, all those advances could begin to look trivial within a few years. Take ‘deep learning', a form of artificial intelligence that uses powerful microprocessor chips and algorithms to simulate neural networks that train and learn through experience, using massive data sets. Last month, the Google-owned AI company DeepMind used deep learning to enable a computer to beat for the first time a human professional at the game of Go, long considered one of the grand challenges of AI. Researchers told Nature that they foresee a future just 20 years from now — or even sooner — in which robots with AI are as common as cars or phones and are integrated into families, offices and factories. The “disruptive exponentials” of technological change will create “a world where everybody can have a robot and robots are pervasively integrated in the fabric of life”, says Daniela Rus, head of the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge.
After decades in development, applications of AI are moving into the real world, says Li, with the arrival of self-driving cars, virtual reality and more. Progress in AI and robotics is likely to accelerate rapidly as deep-pocketed companies such as Google, Apple, Facebook and Microsoft pour billions of dollars into these fields. Gill Pratt, former head of the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency's Robotics Challenge, asked last year whether robotics is about to undergo a ‘Cambrian explosion' — a period of rapid machine diversification (G. A. Pratt J. Econ. Perspect. 29, 51–60; 2015). Although a single robot cannot yet match the learning ability of a toddler, Pratt pointed out that robots have one huge advantage: humans can communicate with each other at only 10 bits per second — whereas robots can communicate through the Internet at speeds 100 million times faster. This could, he said, result in multitides of robots building on each other's learning experiences at lightning speed. Pratt was hired last September to head the Toyota Research Institute, a new US$1-billion AI and robotics research venture headquartered in Palo Alto, California.
Many researchers say that it is important to prepare for this new world. “We need to become much more responsible in terms of designing and operating these robots as they become more powerful,” says Li. In January 2015, a group including Elon Musk, Bill Gates and Stephen Hawking penned an open letter calling for extensive research to maximize the benefits of AI and avoid its potential pitfalls. The letter has now been signed by more than 8,000 people.
Yet predicting the future can be a fool's game — and not everyone is convinced that technological change will hit humanity quite so fast. Ken Goldberg, an engineer at the University of California, Berkeley, questions the idea that technologies advance exponentially across the board, or that those that do will continue indefinitely. “The danger of overly optimistic exuberance is that it could set unrealistic expectations and trigger the next AI winter,” he says, alluding to periods in AI's history where hype gave way to disappointment followed by steep cuts in funding. Goldberg says that recent warnings that AI and robots risk surpassing human intelligence are “greatly exaggerated”.
And Stuart Russell, a computer scientist at the University of California, Berkeley, questions the notion that exponential advances in technology necessarily lead to transformative leaps. “If we had computers a trillion times faster we wouldn't have human-level AI; half in jest, one might say we'd just get wrong answers a trillion times sooner,” he says. “What matters are real conceptual and algorithmic breakthroughs, which are very hard to predict.”
Russell did sign the Hawking letter — and says it is important not to ignore the ways that technologies could be taken in potentially harmful directions with profound results. “We made this mistake with fossil-fuel technologies 100 years ago — now it's probably too late.”
Future focus
Expert predictions
“A possible ‘Cambrian explosion' in robotics with a rapid period of incredible machine diversification. Robots communicating with each other at speeds that are 100 million times faster than humans might allow swarms of robots to build on each other's learning experiences at lightning speed.” Gill Pratt, Head of the Toyota Research Institute, Palo Alto, California
“A full brain-activity map and connectome by 2020 and by 2040 it will be routine to read and write data to billions of neurons. By 2040,1 billion people will have their whole genome sequenced and get constant updates of their immunomes and microbiomes.” George Church, Geneticist at Harvard Medical School, Cambridge, Massachusetts
“The promise for the future is a world where robots are as common as cars and phones, a world where everybody can have a robot and robots are pervasively integrated in the fabric of life.” Daniela Rus, Head of the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge
“In the next couple of generations, we will seethe first phase of true personal, assistive robots in the home and other human environments. There will be a huge opportunity to better the quality of life, for example by freeing up people from work.” Fei-Fei Li, Head of the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, California
“Tomorrow's scientists will have armies of virtual graduate students, doing lab work, statistical analysis, literature search and even paper-writing for them.” Pedro Domingos, Machine-learning researcher, University of Washington, Seattle
NEW YORK (AP) — Donald Trump says Amazon founder and Washington Post owner Jeff Bezos is using his newspaper to help the online retailer avoid taxes.
The presumptive Republican presidential nominee tells Fox News that Bezos is “using The Washington Post for power so that the politicians in Washington don't tax Amazon like they should be taxed.”
The comments came after the newspaper's associate editor, Bob Woodward, was quoted as saying the Post has “20 people working on Trump.” The newspaper has also announced plans to publish a book on Trump.
In a statement, Post executive editor Martin Barron says he's “received no instructions from Jeff Bezos” regarding campaign coverage, and the decision to write a book came from the newsroom. Amazon didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
One of Finland's largest food companies is selling what it claims to be a first: insect bread.
Markus Hellstrom, head of the Fazer group's bakery division, said on Thursday that one loaf contains about 70 dried house crickets, ground into powder and added to the flour. The farm-raised crickets represent three per cent of the bread's weight, Hellstrom said.
"Finns are known to be willing to try new things," he said, and according to a survey commissioned by Fazer "good taste, freshness" were among the main criteria for bread.
According to recent surveys of the Nordic countries, "Finns have the most positive attitudes toward insects," said Juhani Sibakov, head of Fazer Bakery Finland's innovation department.
"We made crunchy dough to enhance taste," he said. The result was "delicious and nutritious," he said, adding that the Fazer Sirkkaleipa (Finnish for Fazer Cricket Bread) "is a good source of protein and insects also contain good fatty acids, calcium, iron and vitamin B12".
"Mankind needs new and sustainable sources of nutrition," Sibakov said in a statement. Hellstrom noted that Finnish legislation was changed on November 1 to allow the sale of insects as food.
With NYCC coming really, really soon, Legendary has released three new Pacific Rims: Uprising posters featuring lead star John Boyega, Scott Eastwood and a propaganda-ish poster.
Here's the “announcement” for the panel for New York Comic Con.
October 06, 2017, 12:00 PM – 1:00 PM
The Theater at Madison Square Garden
PACIFIC RIM UPRISING director Steven S. DeKnight will be joined by stars John Boyega, Scott Eastwood, Burn Gorman and Cailee Spaeny—as well as moderator Aaron Sagers, SYFY WIRE's editor-at-large—to discuss the upcoming action-adventure from Legendary and introduce the world premiere of the new trailer. The follow-up to 2013's cinematic epic of monsters and mechs, the film will inspire a new generation to become the biggest heroes to ever walk the earth. Also starring Jing Tian, Rinko Kikuchi, Adria Arjona and Charlie Day, PACIFIC RIM UPRISING hits theaters March 2018.
#JoinTheUprising #PacificRimUprising Pacific Rim Uprising has a March 23, 2018 release directed by Steven S. DeKnight also starring Scott Eastwood as Nate Lambert; Rinko Kikuchi as Mako Mori; Charlie Day as Dr. Newton Geiszler; Tian Jing as Liwen Shao, and Burn Gorman as Dr. Hermann.
Pacific Rim: Uprising Posters for NYCC 2017
Man, these Pacific Rim: Uprising posters look so cool!
[Techtaffy Newsdesk]
Samsung Electronics says it will be investing more resources in its existing R&D centers and establishing new innovation centers in Silicon Valley.
Samsung Semiconductor plans to build a 1.1 million square foot sales and R&D headquarters on the current site of its semiconductor and display panel businesses, north of downtown San Jose. The building, designed by global architecture firm NBBJ, will be comprised of a 10-story tower, an amenity pavilion and parking garage.
There is more. Samsung Information Systems America will relocate its R&D Center from its current facility in North San Jose to an 8.5-acre site and expand to two new 6-story class-A office buildings totaling approximately 385,000 square foot with two 5-6 story parking structures. The new facility will be oriented around a central plaza with views overlooking the adjacent Sunnyvale golf course and will be constructed to LEED Gold standards. Occupancy is expected starting in fourth quarter of 2014.
In addition to these two major planned campuses, Samsung Electronics is expanding its Open Innovation efforts with additional space that will allow for incubating and acquiring new technologies and working with early stage companies.
Samsung Strategy & Innovation Center, located in Menlo Park, was recently established to strengthen Samsung's ecosystem and promote synergy between the company's various products and services. Samsung Open Innovation Center, located in Palo Alto, will be be core to discovering innovative startups in Silicon Valley, provide space, funds and effectively leverage them for innovation of Samsung's products through equity investments, acquisition and strategic partnership.
Following the establishment of both the Samsung Strategy & Innovation Center and the Open Innovation Center in Silicon Valley, Samsung Electronics plans to set up corresponding organizations at R&D Centers and the Samsung Advanced Institute of Technology at its Korean headquarters.
Tomato ketchup, red sauce, Tommy K - whatever you call it, we all love a bit of it on our plates.
A wise man once said: "should you ever come across a fool who doesn't like tomato sauce, ignore them, shun them, remove them from your life; they are backwards," and I think that neatly sums up the feelings we have towards Tommy K. You always know where you stand with it.
via GIPHY
Amidst a squirt, squeeze or pour of the good stuff, you've probably noticed the prominent '57' splattered across Heinz bottles, as well as many of their other products.
It's pretty common knowledge that the number represents the variety of products Heinz has; although, it is a little known fact that in the beginning, Henry Heinz simply used 57 because he thought it was a lucky number. Since then, the slogan '57 varieties' has stuck.
However, this is not the only interesting thing about the '57'. The number is actually strategically placed on the glass bottles of red sauce.
Although most us won't buy the glass bottles anymore, we'll probably still use them at restaurants from time to time. And when we do have to use them, fuck me, it doesn't half turn into a struggle to get some of the sauce out of the bottle.
via GIPHY
The '57' is placed on the bottle neck as the best spot to tap in order to get sauce out quicker, and more efficiently.
On the 'Trivia' area of the Heinz website, which I'm guessing you've never visited before, it says: "To release Heinz Tomato Ketchup from its glass bottle with extra speed, apply a firm tap to the spot marked '57' on the neck label."
Well I'm fucking never. I would not like to know the amount of time I've wasted shaking, bashing, and sticking a knife in the lid to try and lure a drop of sauce out.
Game = changed.
Words by Mark McGowan
Featured image credit: Getty
How Scams Worked In The 1800s
These days we are constantly warned of scams and schemes designed to hoodwink us. The FBI sends out scam alerts from its Internet Crime Center. The Federal Trade Commission cautions against all kinds of fraudulence, from the recent Anthem Hack Attack to IRS impostors. And this week the AARP Fraud Watch Network is reminding people of Valentine's Day scams, including fake florists and cash-on-delivery hornswogglers.
But in the spring of 1859, folks were concerned about another kind of hustle: A man who went by the name of A.V. Lamartine drifted from town to town in the Midwest — pretending to attempt suicide.
He would walk into a hotel — according to newspaper accounts from Salem, Ore., to Richmond, Va., and other places — and appear depressed as he requested a room. Once settled in, he would ring a bell for assistance, and when someone arrived, Lamartine would point to an empty bottle on the table labeled "2 ounces of laudanum" and call for a clergyman.
People rushing to his bedside to help him would find a suicide note. The Good Samaritans would summon a doctor, administer emetics and nurse him as he recovered.
Somehow Lamartine knew his situation would engender medical and financial assistance from kind strangers in the 19th century. The scenarios ended this way, as one Brooklyn reporter explained: "He is restored with difficulty and sympathetic people raise a purse for him and he departs.
Using this modus operandi, the reporter added, Lamartine was making his way across Ohio — raising $25 in Dayton and $40 in Sandusky and departing "with a free pass on the railroad to commit suicide at some other place."
It seems like a crazy way to make a living. But in earlier America, cheaters concocted the kookiest cons.
Leveraged Networks
Arguably, the 1800s were the Golden Age of schemes. The term "confidence man" or "con man" was probably coined midcentury and, according to the New York Times, the Brooklyn Bridge was sold more than once to unsuspecting folks in the 1880s and 1890s.
"The world was at once smaller and bigger in the 19th century," says Amy Reading, "and it can be hard to get our minds around the difference."
Reading is the author of The Mark Inside: A Perfect Swindle, a Cunning Revenge, and a Small History of the Big Con. "Modes of communication were not so swift," she says, "so it was easier for itinerant swindlers to move from town to town, practicing the same small cons within a given region without getting caught."
At the same time, there were also fewer people in the world, so there were fewer degrees of separation, even in urban areas. "In my research," Reading says, "I was astonished to find instances where one person described a swindler he'd encountered, and then another person ran into the same swindler and recognized him on the basis of his friend's description. This is, in part, because con men leveraged people's interpersonal networks to move from mark to mark."
Con artists, chiselers, four-flushers and grifters had their own methods and behavior patterns, she says, and "that is exactly what the police could use to catch them."
Today we are familiar with some of the larger ripoffs, such as three-card monte and the Brooklyn Bridge sales. But here are some lesser-known scams of the 1800s:
Disappearing Act. Two women, often assisted by a man, were notorious for pulling off a clever ploy, as reported in the Cincinnati Enquirer of July 9, 1881. The three would show up in a town. The man would rent rooms for the ladies at a boarding house. The two women would then go on a lavish shopping spree at a chosen store, and select "a quantity of goods, invariably laces or such light valuable materials as could easily be disposed of." The women would instruct the merchant to send the goods around to the boarding house so they could try them on. When the store representative arrived, one of the ladies would be in the parlor to say that she was taking all of the merchandise to show her sister and husband. "The swindlers would disappear from the house with the booty," the paper reported, "leaving the messenger patiently waiting for his cash."
Man of the Cloth: One day in May of 1888, the New Castle, Pa., Daily City News reported, a man who introduced himself as Father McCarthy of Montreal showed up at St. Aloysius Catholic Church in Washington, D.C. McCarthy presented appropriate documentation to the head priest, E.A. McGurk Jr. "Father McGurk, very much please with the suave visitor, graciously tendered him the hospitalities of the parochial residence," the reporter noted. On a Monday, McCarthy visited a jewelry store on Pennsylvania Avenue. He said he was looking for a gift for a cardinal, and he picked out some choice diamonds to be brought over to McGurk's residence. When the jeweler arrived, McCarthy met him at the door, dressed as a priest. He took the diamonds into another room — ostensibly to show them to other holy men — and he slipped out a back way. Never to be seen again.
Horse Trading: "Swindlers have struck a new scheme for beating the unhappy granger who is inclined to make money more rapidly than by the paths of strict rectitude," the Parsons Daily Sun in Kansas pointed out in July of 1889. Dapperly dressed Man No. 1 shows up at a farmhouse and offers to buy a good horse. He gives the horse owner $10 and promises to return in a week to pay the difference and collect his horse. The next day, well-dressed Man No. 2 appears at the same farm and expresses keen interest in the same horse — a horse that, in fact, he must own. He offers $10, $15, $25 more than the price that Man No. 1 offered. The farmer says he cannot sell the horse, so Man No. 2 says he will come back in a week and if the horse is still available, he will pay the extra $25 for it. When Man No. 1 returns, the farmer wants to keep the horse and make the extra money — so he gives Man No. 1 his $10 back and an extra $10 for his troubles. "No. 1 takes his money," the reporter explains, "is ten dollars ahead, half of which he gives to No. 2, and the farmer still owns the horse."
The American capacity for gullibility, observes Amy Reading, "is unchanging over time because it is a function of how we are programmed, by biology and culture, to take in the external world. Any of our tools of empiricism, which generally hold us in pretty good stead, can also be used against us."
A prime example, she says, "is stage magic — our susceptibility to it has certainly not decreased over the centuries. ... Our senses, and our assumptions about how the world operates, are exactly what can be manipulated against us — even when we know that and are primed for it."
Not coincidentally, she says, "stage magic exploded in popularity in the second half of the 19th century, only to die back to present levels with the introduction of cinema."
What do change over time "are the particular rituals and customs and expectations and rules pertaining to trust in society," she adds. "As those norms are shifting, as they did quite massively in the 19th century, you have the perfect conditions for exploiting the gaps between new and old. That shift to modernity was often the very script of the con."
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Follow me @NPRHistoryDept; lead me by writing lweeks@npr.org.
Exoplanets are one of the hottest topics in astronomy, and the stuff they're made of is especially fascinating. Not so long ago, astronomers thought that exoplanets were created from the same interstellar materials as their parent stars, so they must have similar compositions. But in many recently-discovered systems, planets have wildly different compositions to their host stars, turning theories of planet formation on their head. One such planet, named K2-106b, is more than twice as dense as Earth and even denser than lead! Puzzlingly, the parent star of this heavy metal planet has a much lower metallicity than the planet itself. We asked Eike Guenther, the astronomer who led the research on this intriguing system, to fill us in on the details.
Q: In our Solar System we already have eight different planets, so why is it exciting to look elsewhere and study exoplanets?
A: We basically have two species of planets in our Solar System: dense rocky planets that are Earth-sized or smaller, and less-dense gas giants of 15–318 Earth-masses. Rocky planets populate the inner Solar System, while the gas and ice giants orbit in the outer regions. Quite naturally we used to think that all planetary systems would look like our own. However, in the past few decades, we've learned that exoplanets are far more diverse than we thought.
We've not only found that gas giants can be close to their stars — hot Jupiters — but we also discovered two entirely different species of planets! Super-Jupiters are planets more massive than Jupiter and unexpectedly can have higher densities than the rocky planets in our Solar System. Super-Earths (also known as mini-Neptunes) have masses somewhere between Earth and Neptune, and their densities are surprisingly diverse; some have high densities, others low, and planets of the same mass can actually have very different densities. Without exoplanet research, we never would have known that these classes of planet exist and that planets can be so excitingly varied.
Q: Tell us about your recent work on the planets orbiting the star K2-106. What did you discover?
A: Although exoplanets have hugely diverse properties, we'd always assumed that on the inside, they're not that different. All planets should have a core, so really the only difference should be the thickness of their hydrogen atmosphere. Using this model, it's easy to explain the diversity we observe: some planets accrete a lot of hydrogen when they're young, while others either accrete only very little or lose it as they age.
For the first time, we'd found a “rocky” planet that's not really rocky — it's basically just a metal sphere
In our research we focused on ultra-short period planets, which orbit around their stars in less than a day and are exposed to high levels of X-ray and UV radiation that strips away their hydrogen atmospheres. We can try to figure out the composition of the leftover cores by measuring their densities. The first investigations some years ago seemed to suggest that ultra-short period planets have Earth-like compositions, made up of 30% metals and 70% silicates. Then in 2004, the first outlier was discovered — planet 55 Cancri e had a slightly lower density than expected. But the big surprise came this year when we discovered K2-106b. Using radial velocity measurements made with high-resolution spectrographs, including the exoplanet hunter HARPS on the ESO 3.6-metre telescope, we determined the planet's diameter. From this, we could calculate its density of approximately 13 g/cm3 — huge compared to Earth's 5.5 g/cm3. This density can only be explained if the planet has an enormous metal content: 80% of its mass is metal! So this heavy metal planet has a completely different composition than the Earth. For the first time, we'd found a “rocky” planet that's not really rocky — it's basically just a metal sphere.
Q: But the parent star of K2-106b has a normal metallicity. How could this star and its “heavy metal” planet form from the same cloud of interstellar gas and dust?
A: The planet could have lost its outer envelope of gas in a giant impact, but that's not so plausible as the planet must have lost about 10 Earth-masses of material. The other possibility is that the planet formed from a material that was already metal-rich.
Since the composition of a protoplanetary disc varies at different distances from a star, we reasoned that K2-106b could have formed in the inner part of the disc. The same conclusion was actually drawn by the MESSENGER mission to Mercury — Mercury didn't lose its silicate mantle; rather, it formed from a metal-rich material. But Mercury only has 6% of the mass of Earth, while K2-106 is 8 times more massive than Earth. Explaining the formation of such a massive planet in the inner disc is quite a challenge for current theories because in most models there isn't enough material there for a huge planet to form! However, new observations, especially with ALMA and the Very Large Telescope Interferometer, indicate that material is actually very unevenly distributed in protoplanetary discs, so we have to rethink the assumption that there's not enough material.
Q: Why is it useful to discover extrasolar planets that look nothing like those we recognise in our Solar System?
A: Prior to the discovery of exoplanets, our models very neatly explained the formation of our Solar System. But after we discovered that exoplanets are so diverse, our theories of planet formation had to be revised. For example, older theories didn't predict that gas giants could exist close to the host star, but once they were found in other star systems, theories of planet migration were developed. Now with the discovery of K2-106b, we need theories that can also explain how such an extreme object can form.
Studying planets that are unlike those like in our Solar System might also help us understand which planetary ingredients are essential for the formation of life.
Q: In your research, you use very modern tools such data models and simulations, but you also use Kepler's 400-year-old laws of planetary motion. How much do you think the science of exoplanets has evolved over the last few centuries, or even over your career?
A: It's fascinating that shortly after the Copernican Revolution people had already begun to speculate about other Earths, changing people's views about the uniqueness of our planet. For example, the 1686 book Entretiens sur la pluralité des mondes, written by Bernhard le Bovier de Fontenelle, was a dialogue about the plurality of worlds. But what's changed is that today, we can now address these ideas scientifically. In the last 10 or 20 years, the field of exoplanet research has changed dramatically and unexpected discoveries have played a key role in the direction of our research — for example, the discovery that gas giant planets can exist close to their parent stars led us to the idea of planet migration. Equally exciting were the discoveries of planets like 2M1207b and the HR8799 system, which led to the idea of planet formation via disc fragmentation. It's always exciting because it's the unexpected results, not the expected ones, that change our views.
Q: What's next for your research and for the study of planet formation in general?
A: Our next step in the near future is pretty clear to us. With the upcoming ESPRESSO instrument on ESO's Very Large Telescope (VLT), we'll have the chance to determine the masses of planets to a much higher accuracy than ever before, which should tell us if high-density planets like K2-106 are rare or common in the Universe. If the latter is the case, then our theory of planet formation will need to evolve in a new direction.
Over longer timescales, the study of planetary atmospheres will become a cornerstone in the story of planet formation. Exciting studies in this respect have been done with the VLT, but the big leap forward will certainly be the Extremely Large Telescope (ELT), which will allow us to study the atmospheres of smaller planets. Another aspect, which we're only now beginning to study, is the evolution of planets. It's truly thrilling to think that the ELT will have the capability to detect a lava planet, like the Earth shortly after it formed. It would be fascinating if we could really “see” how an Earth-like planet actually forms!
Ben Birchall/PA Wire
An hour a day keeps death away. An analysis of data from a million people has found that an hour of moderate physical activity a day is enough to cancel out the deadly effect of working at a desk all day.
The analysis confirmed that too much time spent sitting is deadly, finding that those who sat for more than eight hours a day without doing exercise were up to 60 per cent more likely to die prematurely.
But the study contradicts previous research that suggests exercise is not an effective antidote to having a desk job. It found that the increased risk of death associated with sitting was not there for people who did a minimum of one hour's moderate activity a day, such as a brisk walk or a cycle ride.
Advertisement
“We found that at least one hour of physical activity per day eliminates the association between sitting time and death,” said Ulf Ekelund, at the University of Cambridge.
Removing this risk of early death does not necessarily require a trip to the gym, said Ekelund. “It's OK doing some brisk walking maybe in the morning, during your lunchtime, after dinner in the evening. You can split it up over the day but you need to do at least one hour.”
“People who sit for longer hours should be concerned and could take the findings of this research as an opportunity to be proactive,” Erika Borkoles at Bournemouth University, UK, told the Science Media Centre. “If they are in a job that requires prolonged sitting, existing research suggests that they should stand up and walk about at least once an hour if they can.”
The study brought together data from 16 previous investigations. The participants were mostly aged over 45 and from the US, Western Europe, or Australia. Cancer, and heart and artery disease, were the causes of death that were most strongly linked to an inactive lifestyle.
Journal reference: The Lancet, DOI: 10.1016/ S0140-6736(16)30370-1
If it was up to Dan Girardi, he'd be playing.
That was the latest from New York Rangers head coach Alain Vigneault, who said his defenseman has been "unfairly criticized," according to NHL.com's Dan Rosen, even though Girardi's been nothing but a team-first character throughout his time in Manhattan.
Vigneault added he doesn't expect Girardi or Ryan McDonagh to practice Monday, and both remain day to day.
"I believe Diaz will be joining us for practice tomorrow" - #NYR Head Coach Alain Vigneault. — New York Rangers (@NYRangers) April 17, 2016
Girardi's an easy target for Rangers' fans, thanks in part to his bloated contract. He's making $5.5 million against the salary cap and though he'll turn 32 at the end of the month, he's signed through 2019-20.
A Ranger his entire career, Girardi had two goals and 15 assists this season, posting a ghastly 41.7 percent Corsi For rating, according to War On Ice, easily the worst of his career. The Rangers aren't a strong possession team to begin with, and Girardi's an anchor.
McDonagh's yet to suit up in the playoffs, while Girardi missed Game 2, which the Rangers won. The series with the Pittsburgh Penguins is tied up at one as it shifts to Madison Square Garden. New York's now got home-ice advantage.
