Pomona High School student Alexander Groen reacted to the murder of 10-year-old Jessica Ridgeway by creating a program that will rely on high school students to help protect younger children.
Groen, 16, and a member of his school's student council, is asking students at five Jefferson County high schools — Pomona, Arvada West, Ralston Valley, and Arvada, all in Arvada, and Standley Lake, in Westminster — to stand watch at the end of each school day at 28 feeder schools in the area, he said.
They will be dressed in purple shirts donated by community members and emblazoned with the logo “Jessica's Angels.”
So far his idea, spread by Pomona students on Facebook and by word of mouth, has resulted in $300 in cash donations and a pledge by T-shirt supplier Color Concepts Apparel to make the shirts at a reduced rate, Groen said.
“As we get more money from people we are putting that into tee shirts,” he said.
Pomona student council and National Honor Society members will kick off the program Monday afternoon, with participants standing watch at four elementary schools for about 30 minutes at the end of the day.
Groen expects kids from the other high schools to join in at other elementary schools as word about the program spreads.
Eventually, he said, he expects there will be 10 to 20 high school students standing watch at each of the 28 elementary schools.
“As high schools join we will send them a list of their feeder schools and their student councils will do what they need to do” to tailor the program for their fellow students, he said.
Ridgeway disappeared on her way to Witt Elementary in Westminster on Oct. 5. Her dismembered body was found in Pattridge Park an Arvada five days later.
The child's favorite color was purple.
Tom McGhee: 303-954-1671, tmcghee@denverpost.com or twitter.com/dpmcghee
(Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images)
CLEVELAND — Red-faced, angry, and — by the end — visibly sweating, Donald Trump delivered the most important speech of his life Thursday night when he accepted the Republican nomination for president. It was an address filled with extravagant emotion, hyperbole and plainly ridiculous promises. Trump has officially secured his place as one of the most capable demagogues the country has ever seen.
Trumpism isn't an ideology. It's not an agenda. It's not even a strategy. Trumpism is a formula. A formula that Donald Trump uses to manipulate people.
First, Trump outlandishly exaggerates how bad things are without him in charge. The country is “a more dangerous environment than frankly I have ever seen and anybody in this room has ever watched or seen,” he said Thursday, depicting the United States as a terrorized country overrun by Islamic radicals and crazed illegal immigrants committing crimes with impunity.
“Decades of progress made in bringing down crime are now being reversed,” he claimed, listing some crime statistics he cherry-picked and pulled out of context to paint a misleading picture of systemic collapse. Americans, he said, are being sacrificed “on the altar of open borders,” victimized by illegal immigrants bringing the “drugs,” “gangs” and “violence” that have “stolen too many innocent lives.”
A key assumption of Trumpist exaggeration is that facts don't matter as much as perception and emotion. Crime has been steadily declining since the 1990s and remains drastically lower than it was a couple decades ago, as a man who lived in New York in the 1970s and 1980s must know. Data suggest that immigrants — documented and undocumented — are if anything less likely to commit crimes. The country has done a better job recovering from a devastating financial crisis than most other countries. But Americans don't necessarily feel safer or more secure. Trump justifies and amplifies anxieties until reality seems false.
Next Trump blames others in the simplest possible terms. At this stage, Trump is often at his most vulgar or bigoted. His Trump University lawsuit is not going well because the judge is Mexican, Muslims are a threat and should be kept out of the country. And so forth.
Trump was not at his most offensive Thursday. But he said that President Obama believes American lives aren't “worth protecting” against dangerous illegal immigrants. He essentially accused FBI Director James Comey of corruption in the Hillary Clinton e-mail probe. He raised the specter of Syrian refugees, who are in fact thoroughly screened, bringing “violence, hatred or oppression” to American shores, when they are seeking to escape those evils. And he blamed Hillary Clinton for bringing “death, destruction and weakness” to the country and the world.
Practically everyone Trump blames is part of a “rigged” system. Problems do not occur; they are imposed by politicians unwilling to put “America first,” the two-word theme of his Thursday speech. “The problems we face now – poverty and violence at home, war and destruction abroad — will last only as long as we continue relying on the same politicians who created them in the first place,” he said (emphasis mine).
Then, Trump assures people he — and only he — can solve all the problems, and fast. “Nobody knows the system better than me, which is why I alone can fix it,” he said. “The crime and violence that today afflicts our nation will soon — and I mean very soon — come to an end. Beginning on January 20th 2017, safety will be restored.”
He will bring jobs “roaring back into our country” — “and it will happen fast.”
On the Islamic State, “We're going to win, and we're going to win fast!” he screamed.
Immigration? Easy. “We can solve this problem so quickly.”
How? How is almost an unnecessary question in Trumpist reasoning. Because problems are imposed by corrupt people, they can be instantly removed by someone who isn't corrupt. So Trump offers few, if any details about how he would work the miracles he promises.
He called himself “the law-and-order candidate” Thursday, but his crime plan appears to consist of appointing “the best prosecutors and law enforcement officials.” He would also build a border wall to stop illegal immigration, even though it would do no such thing. His terrorism plan consists of having “the best — absolutely the best — intelligence-gathering operation in the world,” which we already have, working with allies to destroy the Islamic state, which is already our strategy, and suspending immigration from “any nation that has been compromised by terrorism,” which would do nothing to combat homegrown extremism or harm the Islamic State.
His health-care policy came in two sentences: “We will repeal and replace disastrous Obamacare. You will be able to choose your own doctor again.” On trade, he promised to “totally” renegotiate NAFTA into “a much better deal” and “turn our bad trade agreements into great ones,” by “using the greatest businesspeople in the world.”
Avoiding detail not only covers up raw ignorance. It is a way to escape accountability. Making few specific commitments leaves him with maximum room to maneuver later.
To various degrees and in various ways, more traditional American politicians have used elements of Trumpist “reasoning” to whip up populist enthusiasm. In that sense, he does not represent some wholly new spirit in U.S. politics, but he is a reflection of its worst incentives and a magnification of its worst pathologies. Trump's exaggerations are so over-the-top, his scapegoating so simplistic, his stated worldview so untethered from reality, his lack of a positive agenda so blatant, he distinguishes himself not just in degree but in quality from the lesser demagogues in American politics.
No nation deserves Trump. But if Americans reward Trumpism, they will come close.
The “Frozen” soundtrack has iced another week at No. 1 on the U.S. album chart, and is looking to tie a record performance by music from a Disney animated film.
The tuner logged a ninth non-consecutive frame at the top with sales of 149,000 (off 8%), according to Nielsen SoundScan data for the week ending April 6. Another week at the pinnacle will tie the chart-topping performance of “The Lion King,” which reigned in 1994-95. The album will likely top sales of 2 million next week.
Aussie boy band Five Seconds to Summer came within striking distance of unseating “Frozen” last week, but its debut EP “She Looks So Perfect” (Capitol) placed at No. 2 with 143,000 units sold. The group opened for another teen-friendly boy act, the U.K.'s wildly popular One Direction, on the group's U.S. tour last year.
Chicago-area hard rock trio Chevelle bowed at No. 3 with their seventh full-length release “La Gargola” (Epic), which tallied 45,000. The band's previous peak came with 2009's “Sci-Fi Crimes,” which topped out at No. 6.
Pop vocalist Christina Perri's “Head or Heart” (Atlantic) debuted at No. 4, shifting 40,000. The title matched the peak of her 2011 release “Lovestrong”; in the interim, Perri issued “A Thousand Years,” the vastly popular single drawn from the soundtrack to “The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn.”
Related Bob Iger on Hostless Oscars: 'It's Been a Rollercoaster' Disney Debuts Nostalgic Trailer for 'The Lion King'
Country duo Dan + Shay's “Where It All Began” (Warner Bros. Nashville) arrived at No. 6, toting up 29,000 units. They made their initial chart impression last year with the No. 11 single “19 You + Me.”
After a nearly decade-long hiatus, neo-bluegrass trio Nickel Creek climbed aboard at No. 7 with “A Dotted Line” (Nonesuch), tracking 27,000. It's the act's highest-charting set ever: Their last release “Why Should the Fire Die?” reached No. 17.
The week's top-10 holdovers included “Shakira” (No. 5, 29,000 sold, off 66%), Johnny Cash's “Out Among the Star” (No. 8, 26,000, down 52%), Pharrell's “G I R L” (No. 9, 25,000, off 2%) and the “Now 49” hits compilation (No. 10, 20,000, up 24%).
© 2014 by Fiona Garden/Grayshon Editions
Neil Grayshon is right: Cycling shouldn't hurt.
Recently, Grayshon published the book, "Cycling Shouldn't Hurt," a composition of 50 portraits of cyclists who have survived serious biking injuries. The project could be a ground-breaking campaign for injury prevention in the London cyclist community.
© 2014 by Fiona Garden/Grayshon Editions
“There is little more powerful than a image of a injured person, a close up of a wound or the details in a scar," Grayshon said. "Reporting on cycling accidents tends to shy away from the particulars but it is this graphic potency that 'Cycling Shouldn't Hurt' aims to channel in its call to arms for wide-reaching change to cycling infrastructure in the city.”
"Cycling Shouldn't Hurt" is not intended to scare cyclists off the road. Rather, it creates a shocking depiction of what it's like to be a cyclist in London. Grayshon said the goal is “to create an environment where the virtues of cycling - for health, the environment, speed or pleasure - can be enjoyed by all without any fear of injury of death.”
Revolights would love to help carry on the legacy of “Cycling Shouldn't Hurt” in North America. We intend to pull together our own version of this injury prevention campaign to share with Neil and his team in London with the goal of bringing awareness to cycling safety in the United States. If you know of anyone who has been injured while cycling, please forward them this article and ask them to email any photos they may have to wes@revolights.com. Illuminate a Brighter, Safer, Cycling Future.
Though sometimes contentious - two wheels versus four - biking in Pittsburgh isn't new. This week on Inventing Pittsburgh: cycling in the city.
More than 3,000 bikes line the floors and walls at Bicycle Heaven in Chateau. Just inside the entrance hangs a bike made entirely of wood.
“It's called a boneshaker bicycle,” said owner Craig Morrow.
Past the gleaming Schwinns and Raleighs and the spot usually home to Pee-wee Herman's iconic ride (it's being repaired right now), Morrow points out two bikes from the turn of the 19th century, both with “lights” suspended from the cross bars.
“The lanterns usually were carbide lanterns, or even on the older ones, oil lamps, so people in horse carts and things like that didn't run into them,” Morrow said.
The cycling craze that gave rise to those bicycles gripped Pittsburgh in the 1880s and 1890s. Lauren Uhl, museum project manager at the Heinz History Center, said the bicycle represented a seismic shift in society.
“Early on, what bicycles mean is speed and freedom,” she said.
Cycling clubs sprang up all over town. J&L advertised its “American Special Cold Rolled Steel for Bicycle Parts,” and Banker Bros. Cycling Co. stood at the corner of Highland and Centre Avenues in East Liberty. George Banker was one of the sport's earliest professionals. That is, until he fell in love with motorcycles and cars.
“Bicycles seem to have this ebb and flow to them,” said Uhl, noting how their popularity shifts over time.
The Allegheny Cycling Association (ACA), a USA Cycling-permitted group, has organized weekly bicycle races for more than 40 years. Since 1999, they've been held at the cycling track on Washington Boulevard.
“It undulates, it goes up and down and turns. It's NASCAR. On a bicycle,” said Chris Popovic, ACA president.
He watched 26 riders race down the straightaway.
“We do this 20 weeks a year, April to September," he said. "And then of course just about any day of the week you'll see kids learning to ride their bikes for the first time.”
Popovic motioned to a small boy in the infield struggling with the physics of two wheels.
“Looks like there's a little bit of trouble; somebody came off their bike,” he said. “He'll cry now, but he'll be back on the bike at some point.”
Some call the half-mile loop the “pseudodrome” (not a regulation velodrome); most call it simply “the track” or “the Oval.” Some may know it as the place they took their driving tests. But technically it's the Bud Harris Cycling Track.
“Well Bud, more than anything, was just relentless,” said Eric Schaffer, a long-time friend of the late Bud Harris. Schaffer said Harris knew how to get things done. He co-founded one of the city's first “pro” bike shops with Alan Orlansky, and with Schaffer created the Thrift Drug Classic, a now-defunct pro race that attracted the likes of Lance Armstrong. When the Allegheny Cycling Association lost its regular racing spot, Harris was instrumental in creating the track on Washington Boulevard.
“It creates a greater awareness of cycling, and it made it easier for younger cyclists to press for this kind of changes,” Schaffer said.
When the track opened in 1999, biking was arguably at an ebb. Even in 2003, enthusiasts were working on a map tentatively titled “Yes, You Can Bicycle in Pittsburgh.” But by 2013, the American Community Survey found that since 2000, bike commuting alone increased by 408 percent in Pittsburgh.
“One of the really exciting strengths of a city is the whimsy of a city, of stuff that [doesn't] seem to have apparent value,” said former Pittsburgh Mayor Tom Murphy.
Murphy worked with Harris on the track. While it was relatively inexpensive to build, it helped make Pittsburgh a city people want to live in, he said.
“Bud was part of that, then,” Murphy said. “That sense of what it means to build a special place.”
At the track, an official rang the bell for the last of the racers' 40 laps. “One lap to go! One lap to go!” he shouted.
With the sound of the bell, the riders — mouths open, legs a blur — surged. In the infield a boy dropped his bike to watch, his red helmet swiveling through the final lap.
90.5 WESA Celebrates Inventing Pittsburgh is supported by UPMC.
Trends come and go a lot these days — especially in the fashion-forward end of the style spectrum. While we're constantly reporting on new vibes that we're excited about, it's easy to forget that a lot of the stuff style-conscious guys got bored with a while ago have since made it over into the mainstream. With that in mind, we linked with London trend experts EDITED to see what's popping — and what's not — with mass-market retailers at the minute.
Unlike other trend forecasting agencies, which use perceptions and guesswork to predict forthcoming fads, EDITED is all about data. The agency is an industry-standard source of real-time sales stats, which they use to outline contemporary trends and tastes. Basically, they know what everyone's buying right now.
We hit up Tara Drury, EDITED's menswear analyst, to see what's in — and what's out — this season. EDITED scans the whole market, so some of the changes in consumer behavior listed here are a bit far behind in comparison to the stuff regular Highsnobiety readers are engaging with.
Of course, the number one rule to personal style is to just be yourself, so don't go taking these insights as gospel — you do you.
Trenches Are out, Puffers Are in
Adam Katz Sinding / Highsnobiety
The trench coat is a timeless wardrobe staple, dating way back to bygone eras of military wear. It may be one of the most popular men's outerwear pieces, but it seems like a lot of shoppers aren't so convinced right now. “The classic trench/mac has seen a decline in customer communication and saw 59% of 2016 arrivals discounted over 59%, even despite a 14% decrease in price from 2015.”
We've been espousing the benefits of the puffer jacket for ages, and it looks like many people are following suit — guys are buying loads of them. “We have seen strong movement even as we enter the height of summer” Tara reports, adding that nearly four times as many puffers sold out this year compared to 2015.
Long Live the '90s
Eva Al Desnudo / Highsnobiety
“The '70s theme gave us the shearling jacket, roll necks and flares, but the high street has long forgotten it as a key story,” Drury explains. “Shearling jackets have been given a military and outdoorsy makeover and roll necks have become the new shirt in fall tailoring — but none of this is distinctly '70s. Of the paisley-patterned tops that arrived this year, 64% are already discounted over 40% in the U.S. market.”
“The '90s has taken over and is a key source of inspiration for the U.S. mass market. Oversized denim jackets and hoodies, retro sportswear, puffer jackets and band tees are seeing strong movement. Even Gap have bought back key pieces from their '90s archive. Oversized denim jacket arrivals have risen by 250% this year.”
Pour One Out for the Drop Crotch
Eva Al Desnudo / Highsnobiety
We love a bit of Rick Owens, but the mass-market jogger-pant-drop-crotch hybrid that was everywhere a few years ago was a real abomination. The price of drop-crotch styles is plummeting, and the ones out there at the minute are getting heavily discounted. Pour one out.
Conversely, guys are investing heavily in cropped pants. “Demand has increased for cropped, slim trousers, and prices have been upped by 10% on average this year. Both jeans and chino styles are seeing movement within the mass market.” Hardly surprising, really. A cropped, slim-fit trouser is much easier — and much less visually offensive — than those of the drop-crotched variety.
All-Black Nothing
Eva Al Desnudo / Highsnobiety
Nothing new here: color has been returning to the streetwear palette for ages now, and that wave has spilled over onto the mainstream. “Monochrome apparel has seen no growth this year, with 28% already discounted compared to just 16% for neutral tones.” Guess the all-black-everything look has finally — and officially — died a death…for now.
“Neutrals including sandy, stone hues have seen prices increase by a whopping 35% on average this year, not to mention a 14% increase on arrivals. Hoodies and tees see the strongest movement in these colors.”
“Pink and khaki are also key colors to watch this year, with pink, in particular seeing strong growth — arrivals are up by 37% from last year.” We told you so.
Suit Up
Eva Al Desnudo / Highsnobiety
“The traditional form of tailoring has drastically changed this year. We are seeing the addition of track jackets under blazers, and during the fall season, the roll-neck far outshines the shirt in marketing campaigns, visual merchandising stories and customer newsletters. Arrivals have seen a 30% increase in the last 12 month to those previously.”
That's something our panel of menswear experts recently agreed on, too.
For more trend talk, here's another 13 fashion trends to expect in 2017.
Subscribe
Lead image: Eva Al Desnudo / Highsnobiety.com
1232 Shares Share Tweet Email WhatsApp
Words by Alec Leach Digital Fashion Editor Alec Leach grew up in Brighton, England, but now lives in Berlin, where he leads Highsnobiety's digital fashion content.
A bikie fatally shot outside a service station southwest of Sydney told his killer "don't do it", witnesses have told.
Senior Rebels motorcycle gang member Darren Wallace, 32, was shot in Picton's Argyle Street following a dispute with a man who is believed to be a former member of the same club.
Internal conflicts are reportedly behind the killing which happened just after midday yesterday outside the Coles Express service station.
Mr Wallace, who was believed to be the sergeant-at-arms of the local chapter of the Rebels, was also a local business owner.
The man was shot at a Picton petrol station. (9NEWS) ()
His shop Such as Leather was hit by a spray of bullets in a drive-by shooting in November, though police are uncertain whether the two shootings are linked.
The small town went into lockdown following the killing after the shooter fled the scene.
His body was discovered in the nearby Picton Creek a short time later.
Police say his cause of death is yet to be confirmed, but say officers did not fire any shots during the search.
Detective Superintendent Wayne Benson told reporters at the scene that both men were known to the police.
Shooting victim Darren Wallace. (Supplied) ()
"I can say that both deceased men were members of outlaw motorcycle gangs and known to each other," he said.
Det Supt Benson said police would continue to monitor incidents across NSW in case of any revenge attacks.
Heavily armed police converge on the graveyard where the second man's body was found. (9NEWS) ()
A number of local businesses shut down on police advice to ensure the safety of their staff.
Police have blocked off several streets in Picton. (9NEWS) ()
Police did not answer questions about the type of weapon used in the shooting, or whether it was recovered.
Local Ron Davies heard the shots ring out from across the road and said the shooter turned around and walked calmly back down the street.
Shocked paramedics who were parked nearby rushed to the scene in seconds but there was nothing they could do, he told AAP.
"They were arguing. The guy who was shot said to the other guy 'Don't do it' and he just went bang and shot him," he said.
There are reports the two men had come from a local tattoo parlour.
"Everyone's surmising. The tattoo parlour was shot up about five weeks ago or so," Mr Davies said.
The Argyle Street service station, which is opposite the Picton police station and courthouse, has been blocked off.
Video from a Nine Network helicopter above the Picton service station showed a body covered in a white sheet lying near the petrol pumps.
A shopkeeper close to the scene described to News Corp Australia's local paper Macarthur Chronicle the anguish of emergency service staff responding to the traumatic events.
"A female ambulance officer was bent over crying, chances are that she may have known him. It's such a small community here, most people know each other."
Tactical police with a Bearcat armoured vehicle. (9NEWS) ()
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
Meet Ron and Jackie Skelton, a young Midwestern couple that had the typical American life; work, a house, cars, some travel, and even the dog.
Take a few minutes to read their story, told by Jackie, and find out why they ‘left it all' for a tiny floating home out on the big blue and beyond!
“I was working as a Public Health Nurse and Ron was working around the Great Lakes as a commercial diver, jobs that we both enjoyed. We were living the dream until we discovered that we didn't really want that dream anymore. Not that we weren't absolutely grateful and thankful for everything that we had, it was just that all of our stuff didn't have a thing to do with our happiness. So what did we do? Ultimately, it was our desire for a minimized, downsized and simplified life that lead us to want to live and travel on our 36ft sailboat.
We bought a 26ft Macgregor sailboat and practiced on it for a year before selling it and buying our cruising boat, Hullabaloo, a 36ft 1981 S2. Then it was a (3 year) race to pay off the boat, get our finances in order and get both us and the boat ready to sail away. We rented out our home, sold most of our belongings and moved what was left onto the boat. It's amazing how little (space, clothing, accessories, etc.) you truly need to be comfortable, and happy.
We left our home port of Muskegon, MI on July 4, 2015 and so far our tiny floating home is just the right size and more than comfortable for our crew of three (don't forget about Lexie, our dog!). We plan to play in the Great Lakes until early fall when we'll head to the East Coast through the Erie Canal and Hudson River. Once we hit the East Coast we take a right turn and go where the wind blows us until either the money or the fun runs out. It's not a complicated plan by any means and, best of all, it doesn't pigeonhole to any expectations, either our own or those of others.
In case you're rolling your eyes thinking we're independently wealthy, let me tell you, we're not. We're on a tight budget, we're not trust-fund babies, we didn't win the lottery (at least not that Ron has told me about) and we will have to go back to work at some point, but if there's one thing I have witnessed from others that have taken that leap to follow their dreams, it's that opportunities often present themselves and things just might turn out even better than you could have ever imagined. So we're taking that chance, and our tiny house along for the ride!”
If you'd like to connect with The Skeltons, follow them on Facebook HERE or visit their website HERE!
To learn more about Ron and Jackie, visit their crew page HERE.
(All photos published with permission, courtesy of www.skeltoncrew.com)
By Jody Pountain for the [Tiny House Blog]
The Daily Beast‘s Olivia Nuzzi received a rather interesting email from former Mass. Sen. Scott Brown on Wednesday night — you know, the guy who relocated to New Hampshire and ran for state senator there after losing his seat to Elizabeth Warren. (He lost in New Hampshire, obviously.) Anyways, back to Nuzzi's email…
Was Brown preparing to run for office again? Had he up and moved to yet another New England state to establish his residency before the next bout of elections? As it turns out, Brown was actually advertising his “recent weight loss” as the direct result of AdvoCare.
I shit you not. Sen. Brown is now selling diet pills, a fact later confirmed by AdvoCare to The Boston Globe.
Nuzzi makes sure to point out that she hadn't actually signed up for Brown's formulaic email. Instead, she'd contacted former Massachusetts resident about his Facebook post regarding his weight loss. Instead, his automated response tried to sell her crap:
“I am here to help you get started,” Brown's email read. “As you can see from my story and pictures, these products from Advocare really do work.” Brown went on to say that “as a fitness advocate” (he's competed in half a dozen triathlons) “I am very skeptical about many products out there,” but his son-in-law, Keith, “used Advocare products through his 8 year professional baseball career” and that was enough to convince him to jeopardize his well-being for vanity. “If you're ready to get your health back on track,” Brown said, “allow Keith and me to get you signed up today!”
As our own Andrew Kirell puts it:
Scott Brown (R-Diet Pills) — Andrew Kirell (@AndrewKirell) July 3, 2015
Meanwhile, I can't help but wonder if Brown's pickup truck — made (in)famous during both his Massachusetts and New Hampshire senate campaigns — is now sporting an AdvoCare decal. What would that old, reused commercial look like now?
As is evident on the original Facebook post, many of Brown's followers and detractors are giving him some much-deserved hell for his AdvoCare work. However, as the Globe reminds readers, Bob Dole once pushed pills for Viagra. So yeah, just let that beautiful mental image sink in for a minute.
[h/t The Boston Globe, The Daily Beast]
[Image via Facebook]
— —
>> Follow Andrew Husband (@AndrewHusband) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Ecoppia has come up with a solution to dust halving efficiency of solar plants - the world's first 'water-free' panel cleaner robot.
Israel's hi-tech industry and sunny Middle Eastern climate have combined for a world-leading usage of solar panels that harness the sun's power. There's just one problem: dust.
Gritty particulates and sand can severely hamper desert solar power stations, causing solar panels to lose up to 40% of the solar energy they could potentially harvest.
The Israeli company Ecoppia has come up with an ingenious solution to the issue. Their new breakthrough is a cleaning robot that removes dirt from the panels daily, boosting their efficiency, reports Israel21c.
Human cleaners are deployed with buckets of water and squeeges every six or eight weeks, allowing a considerable level of lost energy due to dust in the interim, using lots of water and risking damage to the sensitive panels.
Ecoppia, a company founded by biotech inventors, has been up and running on Kibbutz Ketura in the Negev since last March, cleaning the 18,200 solar panels at the 4.95-megawatt Ketura Sun solar power plant.
“We've removed 99% of the dust on a daily basis,” says Ecoppia CEO Eran Meller. “Within a two-week period we increased efficiency rates (of Ketura Sun) by a significant figure.”
Ecoppia's cleaning robots, which feature solar power packs with a three-day charge, can be operated for an hour every evening, maximizing the efficiency of the solar panels.
Further, the robots gently brush the air above the panels to clean off the dust with air, not directly touching the panels and thereby removing the danger of breaking them.
The machines, which are self-cleaning, have another important trait making them particularly friendly on economic and natural resources - they require no water to operate.
"We are the only solution which is water-free," said Meller. "We use a unique gravitation method, which generates air flow to take out dust. Our unique microfiber elements catch microns of dust and are gentle on the panel. We make green energy even greener.”
A promotional video by Ecoppia demonstrates the robots in action:
When Giles Barnes broke through into the Derby County first team in 2005-06, virtually all the leading Premier League teams expressed an interest in signing the frighteningly quick midfielder.
Manchester United, Everton, Newcastle United, Tottenham, Liverpool and Arsenal all kept track of the player, then just 17 and considered the biggest teenage talent outside the top flight.
It was Barnes's pace that really caught the eye and little wonder considering that the prodigy could have had a career as a sprinter if he wanted.
"I competed at national schools level at 100m, where I won a gold medal," Barnes told Four Four Two in 2007 . "I was asked to run for England Schools but football always came first."
So confident was Barnes of his ability to beat players with his pace, that he, so the urban myth goes, shouted "Whoosh!" as he zoomed past them to go on yet another attack.
Teenage dream: Giles Barnes promised much at Derby County Credit: Action Images
However, just as his career was about to take off, it came to a stuttering halt - save for a two-goal cameo against Manchester United in the League Cup semi-finals in January 2009 - as a succession of injuries led to his eventual release from Derby County and failed moves to Fulham (on loan) and West Bromwich Albion followed by a stint at lowly Doncaster Rovers.
"I was playing with an ankle stress fracture in the run to the 2007 play-off final with Derby," Barnes told Four Four Two in 2013. "For whatever reason, I didn't have a scan on it and was taking injections - it cracked in the final. It was a fracture but then it split.
"The following February, I dislocated and ruptured knee ligament tendons. I went on loan to Fulham, but soon got a partial tear of my Achilles tendon. I went back to Derby for pre-season, trained when I should have been resting and it fully ruptured in a friendly against Stoke City.
"Most people would have given up after all that, but I'm still here, still fighting."
After turning down a number of moves to Major League Soccer, Barnes eventually joined Houston Dynamo in August 2012. "I thought it was the right time to come out here and start a new chapter in my life," Barnes added.
In the United States, Barnes has not only found his feet again but, as he showed with his 70-yard run to set up Will Bruin in the 2-1 victory over Toronto at the weekend, he still has the blistering pace that made him so feared and sought-after all those years ago.
“We knew we were going to have to stand up and be counted,” Dynamo head coach Owen Coyle told MLSsoccer.com afterwards. “Within that Giles was a huge part of what we wanted to do. His work rate, his application, Brad was missing today … I made Giles captain as well, and he really showed his quality and responded to the responsibility we gave him."
Coyle added: “Every time he gets on the ball I get excited because I know the pace and power he's got, and I also know the quality he's got. That's what he did today.
"Having missed a penalty during the week, he picked himself up as the captain and with the responsibility. He certainly responded to it today.”
Consistency of these moments from @GilesBarnesReal can catapult him consistently into upper echelon of @MLS players. He has been electric! — Glenn Davis (@GlennDavisSoc) May 10, 2015
Last season, Barnes won four prizes at the Dynamo end-of-season awards: MVP, Players' Player of the Year, Golden Boot and Ironman of the Year.
This season, with five goals and one assist, not to mention his electric performances, Barnes being talked about as an outside bet for MLS MVP candidate.
And it is not just at the club level where Barnes has shone, the former England U19 player opted to play for Jamaica last year and - after finally completing his Fifa paperwork - he scored on his debut against Venezuela in March and followed it up with an assist in the 3-0 win over Cuba.
"It was a proud moment. My family came out and supported, so it was brilliant," Barnes said afterwards. "I wanted to take my career to the next level. It was something that was broached to me a number of years back and it was just about putting it all together and getting it done.”
Incredible last week here 2 starts a goal, assist and most importantly 2 wins ... I thank GOD for this opportunity ?? pic.twitter.com/TFyOJsjs1c — Giles Barnes (@GilesBarnesReal) March 31, 2015
Barnes hopes his bright start will be enough to warrant a place in the Jamaica squad for this year's Concacaf Gold Cup and Copa America. “A goal and assist in two games, I hope that's well enough.”
As with Jozy Altidore's renaissance at Toronto, Barnes is proving at Houston that the MLS is a place where leading players can revive their careers.
Barnes has not only picked up the baton, he is running riot.
Follow Bob Williams on Twitter
Read more about the MLS
Are MLS summer friendlies more trouble than they are worth?
Premier League friendlies in the United States 2015
A Cincinnati man, his face disguised by beard, sunglasses, and hoodie, has now wandered into at least two different local newscasts, grabbing the mic and screaming "fuck her right in the pussy."
Except that he hasn't. These videos are terrible "viral" hoaxes, and you should ignore them until they go away.
Mediaite spotted a slew of inconsistencies in the videos—the filming locations aren't in Cincinnati, the reporters don't work for the stations pictured, and one of the voiceovers is actually Megyn Kelly—and traced the videos to a guy named John Cain.
You may remember Cain for the video that started all of this, showing a young reporter who didn't realize he was on air. Talking about a missing girl, the reporter claims he'd—you guessed it—"fuck her right in the pussy."
The video was fake, and the reporter, who supposedly got fired, was Cain. But the hoax was discovered too late, and the footage spread online and was immortalized (sort of) in YouTube news blooper roundups.
Now Cain is recycling the asinine catchphrase in an attempt to force the newsbombing character of "Fred" as a meme, so he can sell T-shirts as if it's 2008. It'll probably work, too, at least to some extent. His previous videos have each scored 1.5 million views, and his new one is already a hit on Reddit.
Welcome to the sharing economy. It's a perfect meritocracy where good content wins the day.
[H/T Reddit]
Jonathan Banks has had a long, varied career, but he's never had a better role. He's done drama. He's done comedy. He's played good guys (most notably as FBI Agent Frank McPike on “Wiseguy”) and heavies. But he's never had a role as nuanced, as memorable, as his gig on “Breaking Bad” as cop-turned-fixer Mike Ehrmantraut.
(Spoilers coming up immediately if you haven't seen this week's episode.)
It's a job that Banks says was “as good as it gets” for his 45-year career, and it's one that came to an end with Sunday's episode. The DEA finally got the dirt on Mike – and for the second time this season, got their hands on money he had intended for his granddaughter Kaylee – and Mike, on the run, asked Walter White to bring him his go bag, only to be shot to death by the gun in that bag.
I spoke with a cheerful, philosophical Banks about the start and end of this role of a lifetime, what motivated Mike, and more.
Hi Jonathan, how are you?
Jonathan Banks: (pleasantly) I'm old and bitter. And yourself?
Are you bitter about losing the job?
Jonathan Banks: (laughs) I'm bitter. There's a whole smorgasbord of things to be bitter about. Actually, there's a beautiful California sun coming up in front of me, so I really have nothing to be bitter about.
How did you react to Vince telling you that Mike was going to go?
Jonathan Banks: “Motherfucker? What are you out of your fucking mind?” No. I kinda knew I was going to die. I just kept thinking I was going to die at some point. I would say it to my wife. it didn't come as a big surprise. Vince gave me the courtesy of telling me nine months in advance.
Knowing that, did it affect your performance at all?
Jonathan Banks: I don't see how it could help but not. You go in. You try to concentrate on the work, but at the same time, there's a certain morose wistfulness about the whole thing. I just loved Mike. I loved playing Mike. He was just a great, great character. Vince gave me such a gift. I keep using that word, but I really do feel that way. When you get a character like that, and you get to bring whatever years and ability that I have to fill it out, it was just a wonderful experience
There was a point in the previous season where Mike was coughing a lot, and usually there's no such thing as an accidental cough in TV, which led some people to speculate that Walt wasn't the only character with cancer.
Jonathan Banks: I don't remember why I was doing that. I may very well have had a cold. There was no intention, no talk of me ever being sick.
Vince has talked about how Gus's role only expanded because they had to get rid of the Cousins earlier than planned, so I have to assume that Mike also grew much more prominent than you knew when you took the job. What did you know at the time you got it? What were your expectations?
Jonathan Banks: As I understand it, Bob Odenkirk had a conflict. He was supposed to be the one who was going to clean up the girlfriend's death, and he had a conflict, so they had to bring in someone else – a cleaner. And they liked what I did. I went in there, I'd never seen the show, and I thought, “I'll go in here, I'll guest star and I'll be gone.” It didn't turn out that way.
So when did you realize how special this character was becoming?
Jonathan Banks: Not until the half-measures speech at the end of the third season. I really got to do something. Until then, I was fiddling around with gadgets, and dealing with stuff. And all of a sudden, I thought, “That was pretty cool.”
What did you like about Mike?
Jonathan Banks: I love Mike's code, and beneath that, I think, and I brought to this, that Mike had lost his soul a long time ago, and he knows it. I tried to never dumb Mike down. And Mike will never forgive himself for the things he had done or the things that he does. The death in the end, that was maybe the easiest part of his later life – the death was the peace. It was finally peace. The only touch he had anymore with normalcy was his granddaughter, who he loved. And I've always said, you've never seen it on the screen, but – when we were shooting the episode where I go to the warehouse and shoot it out with those guys – I said to Vince in the scene where I drop off my granddaughter, and there's a woman at the edge of the frame who's waiting for us, “That may be her mother, but that's not my daughter.” Part of my actor's thing, part of Mike's sadness and tragedy, is that something has gone wrong with his son somewhere sometime.
When Hank and Gomez interrogate Mike this season, they allude to some terrible event that ended his police career. Do you have any thoughts on what that might have been?
Jonathan Banks: I kind of have a grab bag of stuff. I'm not really ready to say it at this point, because I still haven't decided, quite honestly.
You said before that death brought Mike peace? Do you think he was looking to die when he agreed to let Walt bring him the bag? Or was it entirely that he wanted to keep Jesse safe?
Jonathan Banks: I think Mike was trying to keep Jesse safe. I think he definitely sees good in Jesse and wants to protect him. As far as Mike letting his guard down so often this season, it's when I don't shoot Lydia in the head – if anybody had seen the half-measure speech, they're screaming at the television, “It's a half-measure, Mike! It's a half-measure.” I will say again, the writers have given me this wonderful character, but whatever loopholes I might see in it, I am at the mercy of the pen. I am at the mercy of what they write.
So in your mind, do you think Mike would have let Walt bring him the bag?
Jonathan Banks: I think he would have allowed Walter to bring him the bag, but he would have made damn sure he was armed when they had any kind of conversation.
What was the atmosphere on the set like the day of your death scene?
Jonathan Banks: The crew all wore black armbands. There were a lot of tears. I loved my crew. I've done this professionally for 45 years, and this was as good as it gets. The actors loved the crew, the crew loved the actors, the producers, the writers – we were all in it together. Even the publicity people at AMC – I don't know if Olivia (Dupuis, the AMC publicist who had connected our call) is still listening at this point – but how good they were to me, and to us. Without sounding totally maudlin and sappy, it was just a hell of an experience, and a wonderful time.
Alan Sepinwall may be reached at sepinwall@hitfix.com
Pin Reddit Share 3K Shares
I first made these peanut butter and jelly cups spontaneously before work one morning. Little did I know, I would end up making them three times that week… they are THAT good. Vegan, almost paleo, and made with just 3 ingredients and 15 minutes of active time, you might find these adorable PB&J cups in your rotation too!
People telling me they have dietary restrictions usually results in me considering it as a challenge. I love to show up to social events with foods that suit all attendees and that's one of the main reasons why over the years, I've done all sorts of experiments with making desserts that are both vegan and gluten-free; paleo; no added sugar; low-carb; nut-free; and more!
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
Turning limitations into exciting challenges has resulted in some of my very favorite recipes, including (but not limited to!) my maple pecan cookies, healthy vegan cookie dough, and brownie batter fudge.
Recently I wanted to treat someone, though, who is allergic to chocolate. For some reason, once I found out about this, I struggled to think of desserts that don't include some kind of cocoa. Is there an official psychological phenomenon for this?
Anyway, my brain kept going back to peanut butter cups, maybe because chocolate isn't actually in the name. I figured it was a sign that I should at least make something cup-like!
These actually started out as peanut butter banana cups (pictured), and halfway through filling them I realized they might be a little one-note, found some raspberry jam in the fridge, and made magic happen. Note: it turns out the banana version was also delicious. I now make them both ways.
The base version of these PB&J cups is just three ingredients, naturally vegan and gluten-free, and easily paleo if you swap in almond butter and choose a suitable jam or jelly. But the recipe is easy to play around with! Here are some additional variations that have been successful for me.
Peanut butter and jelly cup variations
Add thinly sliced banana
Garnish with cacao nibs (pictured) or coconut flakes
Top with maple-candied pecans (yep, that was as ridiculous as it sounds…)
Substitute the peanut butter with almond butter
Make them your own!
You'll need to keep these pb&j cups in the refrigerator or freezer at all times after making them. As you can see from some of the photos, they start to melt pretty quickly! I think you'll find yourself opening your refrigerator door quite frequently… if you do try these, let me know how it goes!
5 from 4 votes Print Peanut Butter and Jelly Cups Crazy easy 3-ingredient peanut butter and jelly cups. Like an inside-out Reese's but minus the chocolate, these PB&J cups are naturally vegan, gluten-free, and easily paleo; and easy to customize! Prep Time 15 minutes Total Time 30 minutes Total Yield 18 mini cups Calories Per Serving 132 kcal Author Yup, it's Vegan Ingredients 1 cup natural peanut butter (unsweetened + no added oil)
1/4 cup refined coconut oil
1/2 cup jelly, jam or preserves of choice (pictured is raspberry jam) Supplies: 18 mini baking cups (more or fewer depending on the size you make these)
mini muffin pan (optional) Instructions Melt the coconut oil in a saucepan or by microwaving it for 30 seconds. Add it to a bowl with the peanut butter and whisk them together until smoothly combined. Take the mini baking cups, placing them in your mini muffin pan for stability if you have one. Carefully spoon about 1 tablespoon at a time of peanut butter mixture into the bottom of the baking cups. (You can use more or less depending on the size of PB&J cups that you want). After using about half of the mixture, place the tray in the freezer for 10-15 minutes to set. Remove the tray from the freezer. Add about 1/2 tablespoon of jelly to each cup. If applicable, use your spoon to gently flatten the jelly (this will make it easier to cover it with peanut butter). If your jelly or jam is fairly runny, return the tray to the freezer to set for another 5 minutes. Otherwise, proceed. Spoon the rest of the peanut butter mixture, about 1 scant tablespoon at a time, over the tops of the cups to cover the jelly. If using any toppings, add them now so that they'll stick. Freeze the cups for another 45-60 minutes until set completely. After that, you can store them in either the refrigerator or the freezer in an airtight container. Recipe Notes You can use unrefined/virgin coconut oil if desired, but note that this will result in a prominent coconut flavor in the final product. To keep these paleo and refined sugar-free, choose a naturally-sweetened jam that meets these criteria; and use almond butter instead of peanut butter. Recipe may yield a varying number of cups depending on how full you fill them. Extra peanut butter shell mixture can also be mixed with maple syrup to taste, and frozen, to make a delicious peanut butter fudge! Nutrition Facts Peanut Butter and Jelly Cups Amount Per Serving (1 mini cup) Calories 132 Calories from Fat 90 % Daily Value* Total Fat 10g 15% Saturated Fat 4g 20% Polyunsaturated Fat 2g Monounsaturated Fat 4g Sodium 50mg 2% Total Carbohydrates 5g 2% Dietary Fiber 1g 4% Sugars 3g Protein 3g 6% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
Inspired by Spoon University.
Untitled a guest May 11th, 2017 1,360 Never a guest1,360Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 1.26 KB From: Dirk D'Aguilar To Corporation / Alliance: Kraken Exploration and Janitorial Services "Gratuitous morale post" sent 4 hours ago #0 We have all done an outstanding job! PL gave us a 36 hour ultimatum to leave, and instead we pushed their faces in. They tried to camp us to break our morale, and instead we got organized and ran ADM fleets, increasing our hold on our territory, killing their hunters, and keeping our players interested and motivated. Their morale has suffered as we have failed to submit to the mighty PL reputation, and instead have fought them like the back of arseholes we are. The FC who brought them down here (Doomchinchilla) has suffered enough of a blow to his reputation that he is struggling to form an effective fleet in the AUTZ, and there is open questioning of his authority, We have come out of this stronger than before, and held almost all of our territory, while they have suffered losses and humiliation. However, the job is not done yet, We still need numbers in fleets, and we need people to continue to assist in the ADM fleets in any way they can. We can beat PL - we ARE beating PL, and we should all be proud. Let's keep up the good work, and make an example so that anyone else thinks twice before attacking us. o7 Dirk
RAW Paste Data
From: Dirk D'Aguilar To Corporation / Alliance: Kraken Exploration and Janitorial Services "Gratuitous morale post" sent 4 hours ago #0 We have all done an outstanding job! PL gave us a 36 hour ultimatum to leave, and instead we pushed their faces in. They tried to camp us to break our morale, and instead we got organized and ran ADM fleets, increasing our hold on our territory, killing their hunters, and keeping our players interested and motivated. Their morale has suffered as we have failed to submit to the mighty PL reputation, and instead have fought them like the back of arseholes we are. The FC who brought them down here (Doomchinchilla) has suffered enough of a blow to his reputation that he is struggling to form an effective fleet in the AUTZ, and there is open questioning of his authority, We have come out of this stronger than before, and held almost all of our territory, while they have suffered losses and humiliation. However, the job is not done yet, We still need numbers in fleets, and we need people to continue to assist in the ADM fleets in any way they can. We can beat PL - we ARE beating PL, and we should all be proud. Let's keep up the good work, and make an example so that anyone else thinks twice before attacking us. o7 Dirk
In the middle of two snowstorms, I received a magnificent gift from an anonymous redditor who goes by "Jonathon" in real life. I'd mentioned liking black teas, so he sent me a delightful box of Oolong (wulong) tea! I love it! Curling up with a mug of tea and waiting for snow to arrive is just a wonderful thing. Then, another box arrived! I'd mentioned liking hazelnut coffee (I know, I know, I'm not a coffee purist) and he sent me GODIVA Hazelnut creme coffee. I didn't even know Godiva made coffee. Do you know what's twice as good as a bag of Godiva hazelnut coffee? TWO bags of Godiva hazelnut coffee. Yes, that's right-- Jonathon sent me two bags of Godiva Hazelnut coffee. Godiva. Hazelnut. Coffee. There's only one bag in the picture because I've already started dipping into the stash. I have no idea how I'm going to go back to normal coffee after this. I think I might be spoiled beyond redemption now. Anyway, thank you so much, Jonathon. No matter how much longer our Iowa winter is going to last, I'll be prepared to weather it in caffeinated comfort.
Oolong and thanks for all the coffee!
Speedpaint Link: www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtoy-I… In case anyone was wondering about that poll I put up a couple days ago, this is what that was for.I've had sketches for a set like this for about 2 months, maybe longer. Well, I wasn't planning on coloring one tonight, but I was kinda angry so I did an impromptu stream and pumped this out.As for the 'Compassion' title, I wanted to do something different than just their usual titles. And not all of them have to do with their elements. See if you can figure out what I'm using on all the other ones. :3I played around with some coloring/shading. The original plan was to shade it kinda like I do my lineless stuff, but I had fun doing this.I'm pretty happy with it, but I'd like to know what you think.Put who you want finished next in the comments.Rest of this set:Fluttershy - Here!Twilight Sparkle - Medallion - Guidance Rarity - Medallion - Charity Rainbow Dash - Medallion - Bravery Pinkie Pie - Medallion - Joy Applejack - Medallion - Family Spike - Coming LaterPrincess Celestia - Coming LaterPrincess Luna - Coming LaterPrincess Cadence - Coming LaterShining Armor - Coming LaterSunset Shimmer - Coming LaterStarlight Glimmer - Coming Later
Second-ranked UCLA scored four unanswered goals en route to a 4-1 victory over USC in the regular season finale at Drake Stadium. With the win, the Pac-12 champion Bruins improve to 17-1-2, 9-0-2 in conference play, while USC ends its season at 8-10-2, 3-7-1.
Sam Mewis had a hand in every UCLA goal, scoring the game-winner and tying the school record for assists in a game with three. Taylor Smith added one goal and two assists.
The Trojans scored the game's first goal in the 14th minute off a set piece. Kayla Mills sent a free kick into the box, where it was headed by Marlee Carrillo as Bruin goalkeeper Alana Munger challenged. The ball found its way to Jamie Fink, who one-timed it into the empty net. The goal was the first given up by the Bruins on Drake Stadium all season.
UCLA came back, as it often does, equalizing at 28:48. Sarah Killion and Mewis executed a give and go, and Killion fed Darian Jenkins with a through ball into the box. Jenkins beat USC goalkeeper Caroline Stanley far post to tie the game. The goal was her team-leading 11th of the season.
After going into the locker room tied at 1-1 at the half, the Bruins came out swinging in the second half, blitzing the Trojans with a three-goal spurt in 14 minutes. Mewis scored the go-ahead goal at 51:06, her fifth of the year. Smith set her up nicely by making a run down the right side and crossing to Mewis, who one-timed it to the far post.
Smith and Mewis combined to set up Rosie White for UCLA's third goal at 62:38. Smith passed to Mewis, who hit White with a pass. White collected the ball, turned and then shot far post from just inside the box, beating Stanley for her fourth goal of the season.
The Smith and Mewis show continued a little under three minutes later when Mewis assisted on Smith's long-range bomb at 65:10. Smith, from just inside the 18 at the right corner, blasted a rocket to the upper left corner that Stanley had no chance of stopping.
UCLA honored seniors Chelsea Braun, Ari Krakowsky, Alana Munger, Jenna Richmond and Chelsea Stewart prior to the game and started all five. Munger made two saves in goal in the first half before being replaced in the second half by Rowland, who picked up the victory.
The Bruins will await the NCAA pairings, which will be announced on Monday during the NCAA Selection Show. The show will be live-streamed on NCAA.com at 1:30 pm PT.
Watch UCLA's goals vs. USC
MONTREAL/TORONTO • The sale of iconic Quebec restaurant chain Groupe St-Hubert Inc. is a good news story for the province, not cause for consternation and handwringing, chief executive officer Jean-Pierre Léger said Thursday.
But coming on the very day shareholders approved the sale of Quebec's Rona hardware chain to U.S.-based Lowe's Cos. Inc., news that Ontario-based Cara Operations Ltd. was buying Quebec's most beloved rotisserie chicken chain for $537 million drew the ire of Quebec nationalists and an ensuing flood of comments on social media, some of them emotional and biting.
Parti Québécois leader Pierre Karl Péladeau called it “a very sad day” for the province and said Quebec was losing another “entrepreneurial beacon.” François Legault, head of the Coalition Avenir Québec, said the province is becoming a branch plant economy.
Publicly traded Cara operates about 1,000 restaurants across the country, including such banners as Harvey's, Montana's, Casey's, East Side Mario's — and the chicken chain Swiss Chalet, a force in every Canadian market but Quebec, where St-Hubert dominates.
Cara sales totalled $1.7 billion in 2015 and it had net profits of $58.3 million, but while the country's third-largest restaurant chain has some 600 of its restaurants in Ontario, it has only 60 in Quebec.
The St. Hubert purchase will net Cara 117 restaurants (108 of them run by franchisees, 108 of them in Quebec), two manufacturing plants and two distribution centres. That manufacturing business produces and distributes sauces, soups, ribs and desserts for the St-Hubert chain, but makes two-thirds of its sales packaging and selling them to national grocery retailers such as Sobeys, Loblaw, Costco and Metro.
The deal will see St-Hubert grow in short order beyond its current base of 10,000 employees and will boost annual sales $100 million beyond the current level of $628 million, Léger said.
“I hope in five years it'll be twice as big. That would be my nicest legacy,” he told reporters at a hastily-convened press conference at a St-Hubert restaurant in downtown Montreal.
Asked if he was afraid for the future of the family brand in the hands of others, Léger responded, “Why would I be? It's been here 65 years. It will continue to grow.”
Léger, whose parents founded the chain 65 years ago, believes St-Hubert's growth prospects are much brighter because its underused food-manufacturing operations in Boisbriand and Blainville will now have all the Cara restaurants to supply as well.
“There's no reason people should stop loving St-Hubert,” added Richard Scofield, the chain's president.
Bill Gregson, chief executive officer of Cara, insisted the company will not change the culture or the way things are done at St-Hubert, particularly because it has been very successful in a market Cara always had difficulty cracking.
“Our job is to find great companies and facilitate them getting bigger and greater,” Gregson said. “The dumbest thing we could do is take our Toronto-centric viewpoint and transfer it to Quebec … The solution is to invest and partner with this company, and open up more opportunities for them.”
Gregson also sees plenty of potential for growing Cara's restaurant brands in Quebec, where it currently operates Harvey's and a handful of Casey's restaurants.
Groupe St-Hubert's management team will remain intact and the head office will stay in Laval.
“This is a great fit,” said Kevin Grier, food industry analyst at Guelph, Ont.-based Market Analysis & Consulting Inc. “Cara can never penetrate Quebec with Swiss Chalet given the strength of St. Hubert.”
In addition to basic synergies and acquiring market share, he said the manufacturing piece related to grocery retail could present a marginal attraction for further growth at full-line stores owned by Loblaw, Sobeys and Metro.
Robert Carter, executive director with market research firm NPD Group, said St-Hubert has the highest customer loyalty of any restaurant brand in Canada behind Tim Hortons.
“It's off the charts. So it will give Cara an incredible foothold in that market and I would suggest they are not going to do anything with the brand.”
Like all full-service restaurant operators, who have seen five straight years of declining traffic in Canada as consumers opt more often for quick-serve restaurants, St-Hubert had been struggling to keep traffic up but had grown its customer traffic and sales in the last year, Carter said.
“They have made the environment more modern and a bit more upscale, and that seems to be working,” he said. “But it's a tough segment right now. Cara is clearly buying market share. In that market there is consolidation, back of house efficiencies and (Gregson) is doing a great job of managing the costs at Cara and making the restaurants more profitable.”
Léger, 70, who took over the family business with sister Claire and has overseen for the past 25 years, said he'd been “reflecting” about St-Hubert's future for about five years. “I'm not eternal,” he said.
While he considered other alliances, there are “very few” major restaurant operators based in Quebec, he said, and with those there was “no chemistry.”
“Finally, Cara is who I chose,” he said. “It'll ensure the sustainability of St-Hubert.”
Montreal Gazette and Financial Post
pdelean@postmedia.com; hshaw@nationalpost.com
Twitter.com/HollieKShaw
Walt Disney World has just kicked off their “Blockbuster Summer” with new additions at Disney's Animal Kingdom, and Magic Kingdom. But what about the other two parks? We know that Disney's Hollywood Studios will be getting “The Music of Pixar Live”. And Epcot doesn't seem to be doing anything.
Well, now we have some pretty good confirmation that Disney's Hollywood Studios is doing something else big for their nighttime performance.
Disney Movie Magic.
According to guests staying onsite at Walt Disney World, testing can clearly be heard happening for the new “Disney's Hollywood Studios Present: Disney Movie Magic”. From the sound of it, it's a new projection show for the Chinese Theater, that will happen right before Star Wars: A Galactic Spectacular.
The scoop came from @Christouffer on Twitter: Watch the Periscope rebroadcast below, and be sure to hit that follow button.
If you didn't hear the music, here's the list as described by the feed:
1: Announcer: “Disney's Hollywood Studios present: Disney Movie Magic”
2: Orchestra playing “When You Wish Upon A Star”
3: Walt's voice
4: Orchestra playing the prologue from Beauty and the Beast and “tale as old as time”
5: Pirates of the Caribbean
6: Indiana Jones
7: Guardians of the galaxy (Possibly)
8: The Rocketeer
9: When You Wish Upon a Star
Yes, we are aware there is another show happening called The Music of Pixar Live! It's a symphony show, and uses only Pixar music. It's also located in the Beauty and the Beast theater. It also does not use fireworks. This seems to be something entirely new.
There has been no announcement to date, so we're not sure when we're going to see it. We would not be surprised to see an announcement very soon, especially since Memorial Day weekend will be the official kick off to summer. Why add a new show now? It's rumored that Universal Orlando is going to make an announcement about their Wizarding World of Harry Potter nighttime show very soon. This will give Disney fans a reason to stay onsite, and also sounds like a bit of a replacement for Wishes, as some classic Disney films will get some love. It actually seems like a love letter to great Disney films, and to movie lovers everywhere. The Rocketeer? That's some definite geek love right there!
Update
Guests at Disney's Boardwalk Resort received notices about the new show testing.
Update
Guests in park have been told that the new show will happen tonight at 9p.m. There's been no press release or Disney Parks Blog announcement, but this looks like it's happening tonight.
Stay tuned for more from Disney, and be sure to get social with us on Facebook and follow along with us on Twitter @BehindThrills for the latest updates!
For our latest theme park videos please be sure to subscribe to us on YouTube!
For more information about Walt Disney World, including tickets, visit the official website by clicking here!
ALPINE — More than 400 people gathered this month just outside Alpine in a windswept part of Far West Texas to sample craft beer and celebrate the expansion of the Big Bend Brewing Company.
It was a scene that would not have been out of place in Austin, a city with dozens of large and small-scale beer-brewing operations. But Big Bend Brewing Company is based in remote Brewster County, an area larger than the state of Connecticut but with a population of just 9,286. The closest cities are Midland and Odessa (150 miles away) and El Paso (220 miles).
While there are plenty of rural craft breweries, the company's brewmaster Steve Anderson was hard pressed to think of another one that was so far from a major city. “Maybe some of the breweries in Alaska,” he said.
When Big Bend Brewing Company started in November 2012, that lack of competition seemed like both a blessing and a curse. “I knew craft beer was exploding, and that Texas and the South were a little bit behind,” Matt Kruger, the managing partner, said. “I could feel that wave coming.”
The Big Bend region was also undergoing a tourism boom; rural Brewster County saw a 57 percent increase in hotel tax revenue in the first quarter of 2014. Kruger and Anderson, who both have homes in the Big Bend region, had a hunch that a beer brand that tapped into the area's growing popularity might find a foothold both locally and farther afield.
“We could've been another one of the 20-something breweries in Austin,” Anderson says. “But we wanted to do something different.”
In December 2012, Big Bend Brewing Company put its first five beers on the market. With West Texas in mind, Anderson focused on beers that would taste refreshing on a hot desert afternoon, including a light-bodied golden ale and a fruity, spritzy Hefeweizen. The response overwhelmed the company. “We've pretty much been in a constant sold-out situation as soon as we started canning,” Kruger said. He gestured out to the canning line, where a tidy stream of brightly-colored cans stood waiting to be filled: “All that beer is already spoken for.”
Texas is home to 96 craft breweries, as of 2013, up from 59 in 2011. But only a handful of those are west of the Hill Country in Central Texas. When Big Bend Brewing Company started, there was only one other production brewery in West Texas.
“There's a brewery and a half opening per day somewhere in the United States, and they're opening everywhere — urban, suburban and rural,” says Paul Gatza, the director of the Brewers Association, an advocacy organization for craft brewers. “People really take their beer personally. If something opens up locally, people want to support that business.”
For Big Bend Brewing Company, support has come from areas that are surprising even its management team. Take El Paso. “It's not necessarily thought of as a beer town, but the demand we're seeing there says otherwise,” Anderson said.
Being rural based has caused its share of headaches. “In Austin, when I needed a part I could just run down to the brewery supply store,” said nderson, who spent a decade as brewmaster of Austin's Live Oak Brewing Company. “Out here, you've got to special order anything stainless steel, and it takes a week to show up. Sometimes that means we're not producing for a week.”
Supply interruptions notwithstanding, the brewery has built a loyal customer base in West Texas, where the beer is on tap in bars as far south as the Mexican border. Big Bend National Park stocks six-packs in its park convenience stores, and more than a hundred bars, restaurants and stores are on the brewery's waiting list.
Nearly two years after producing its first kegs, Big Bend Brewing Company has quadrupled production. The July event, billed as the Bigger Better Brewery Bash, celebrated the unveiling of the expansion. Local residents and tourists wandered through the brewing space, examining the giant stainless steel fermentation tanks. Outside, a dust devil whipped through the seating area, sending a visitor's cowboy hat skyrocketing into the air and reminding attendees that they were still in West Texas.
Abby Simpson and Kerri Battles, self-described beer connoisseurs from Austin, approved as they sampled the brewery's Tejas Lager and Big Bend Hefeweizen. “We already loved coming out here for the nature, but knowing there's something like this makes it even more attractive to vacation here,” Battles said. Simpson asked Mahala Guevara, the company's controller, if the brewery had plans to distribute in Austin. “We're thinking San Angelo and Lubbock first,” Guevara said. “Then Austin.”
A few days after the celebration, the company's general manager, Richard Fallon, had already received several phone calls from Austin establishments asking if they could stock the beer. But the brewery's management has decided to avoid the already crowded Austin, Dallas and Houston markets for now.
While Kruger dreams of distributing nationally within a decade, for the time being, the brewery's focus is on satisfying the customers in its own backyard. “People are clearly thirsty for it,” he said. “We haven't hit our ceiling out here yet.”
Rupert introduces his film which was made for Wilderness Scotland :
"It's not only stunning landscapes that remind us of the value of wild places, it is also the insights and tales of the people who live and embrace it. The people and places of Scotland are so rich in culture, colour and inspiration, we have, for a long time, wanted to try and capture, then share their spirit.
Our first episode focuses on the Knoydart peninsula, often called Britain's last great wilderness due to its inaccessibility and dramatic wild landscape. This film gives an insight into life on Knoydart from local people who have spent most of their lives there and others who have chosen to make it their home, such as local farmers, crofters and restaurant owners. The values they live by are shaped by their special location. The strong connection with each other and the land make a fascinating insight into life in a remote place.
We plan to release five episodes throughout the year every six weeks. We hope we can take you with us on a journey through Scotland's wild places."
To see more of Rupert's work have a look at his website.
Arsene Wenger has revealed the latest team news ahead of tomorrow night's Champions League clash with Monaco.
And the only bad news is that Jack Wilshere is a doubt, having been ‘rested' in training today according to Arsene Wenger. The midfielder had made the bench for the trip to Selhurst Park and was expected to be part of the squad for the game against the French side, but will most likely miss out.
However, the manager insists there has been no setback, and expects him to ‘certainly' be involved for the weekend when Arsenal face Everton at the Emirates.
Other than that there are no fresh injuries to worry about with everyone involved against Crystal Palace at the weekend available for selection.
17 year old Pole Krystian Bielik trained with the first team squad this morning.
France needs more time to get its budget deficit under control. That much was made clear last Friday when the European Commission announced it was granting Paris until 2015 to bring its budget deficit below the maximum 3 percent of gross domestic product allowed by European Union rules ensuring the stability of the euro.
But on Wednesday evening, Jens Weidmann, the president of Germany's central bank, the Bundesbank, said he is adamantly opposed to the move. "You can't call that savings, as far as I am concerned," he told the daily Westdeutsche Allegemeine Zeitung in an interview. "To win back trust, we can't just establish rules and then promise to fulfil them at some point in the future. They have to be filled with life," Weidmann said.
France had originally hoped to reduce its budget deficit below the 3 percent limit this year, but with its economy suffering, the deficit is likely to be closer to 4 percent and slightly higher in 2014.
As a euro-zone "heavyweight", Weidmann said, France must strive to set a positive example. "Particularly now, at a time when we have strengthened the rules regarding deficit reduction, we shouldn't damage their credibility by taking advantage of the built-in flexibility. What we need is trust in our ability to clean up state finances."
No Excessive Consolidation
Weidmann was referring to the European Fiscal Compact, the package of strengthened budgetary rules agreed to by euro-zone member states and most EU countries in late 2011. It went into effect at the beginning of this year. The pact includes stricter penalties for countries that do not meet the 3 percent budget deficit rule, but allows for exceptions in instances of economic weakness. The European Commission referred to France's struggling economy on Friday when it announced the two year extension of the budget deficit deadline for Paris.
Immediately following the announcement from Brussels, French Finance Minister Pierre Moscovici said that Paris planned to scale back its austerity measures. "We don't want excessive consolidation for our country, we don't want austerity beyond what is necessary," he said.
Weidmann's comments come at a time when France and Germany are struggling to convince the rest of Europe and the world that they are in fact on the same page when it comes to managing the euro crisis. French President François Hollande entered office last year promising he would focus more on economic stimulus than on deficit and debt reduction. German Chancellor Angela Merkel, on the other hand, remains a strict adherent of austerity as the best strategy to get the European debt crisis under control.
Just last week, SPIEGEL reported that Chancellery officials believe that Hollande is waiting until after fall elections in Germany to come to any far-reaching agreements with Merkel in the hopes that the new government in Berlin will be more to his liking. Last Friday, however, Hollande denied that to be the case. "That is wrong," he reportedly told Luxembourg Foreign Minister Jean Asselborn last Friday. "That is not my position."
'I Trust France'
German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble likewise seems to be at pains to counter the widespread perception that France and Germany are at odds. "France is faced with a difficult process of consolidation," he said in an interview with the daily Rheinische Post, published on Thursday following his meeting earlier this week with Moscovici. "But they are on the right track. France is a strong country and is aware of its duties and responsibilities." Earlier this week, Schäuble said he found the two-year grace period for France to be "appropriate." "I trust the Commission," he said, "but most of all I trust France."
Still, not everyone in Merkel's party, the center-right Christian Democratic Union (CDU), is pleased. Party economics expert Kurt Lauk said earlier this week that France is in danger of "once again becoming the greatest transgressor of EU stability rules" and said it is "only a question of time before other highly-indebted countries demand concessions."
Pressure likewise came from the EU. Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Olli Rehn said that the country must take immediate steps to improve its international competitiveness. European Council President Herman Van Rompuy also said earlier this week that the country must undertake far-reaching economic reforms.
We're still two weeks away from Avengers: Age of Ultron but fans are already looking forward to what is coming next. With rumors of so many different characters appearing in upcoming feature films, one thing is for sure - the Black Panther is one of them. But where will the King of Wakanda show up? Why Captain America: Civil War of course!
While on the red carpet for the premiere of Avengers: Age Of Ultron, Chadwick Boseman revealed some great little tidbits on how he's getting into the mind of T'Challa and what he thinks of the Ernie Hudson rumors. You can check it out in the video below.
Now as far as we know, T'Challa is just being introduced in the third Captain America film, so how much of a role he'll play is anyone's guess. To know he's digging into the comics and some real life history is sure to delight a ton of fans. So what say you ComicBook.com readers? Are you excited to see Boseman portray the Black Panther? Let us know below!
Welcome
Â¡Hola bailarines! Welcome to Sultry Salsa,
your best source of information for sizzling Latin dance lessons and information about the hottest Latin nightclubs in Chicago & the Chicago Suburbs. Sultry Salsa! Â¡Salsa es Vida! We organize and promote Latin dancing events, primarily nightclub Salsa nights, throughout Chicago and the Midwest. In addition, we conduct lessons in Salsa, Bachata and Cha Cha and other Latin dances in various locations, including dance studios and nightclubs, in and around the Chicago area and about the Midwest, all by Chicago's own BarÃ³n de Bachata, Jed Walker! Our quest is to teach everybody to dance and to look good dancing. We teach both style and technique together, by melding the style of street dancing to the technique of ballroom dancing, to help leads and follows become dancers that can dance well with anybody, anywhere, anytime. A dancer that is enjoyable, exciting, fun to dance with and entertaining to watch. We intend this site to be the one and only place you need in order to find the Latin dance lessons you seek in Chicago or the Chicago suburbs. In addition to finding out all you need to know about our various classes, you can use our site as a resource to find out about Sultry Salsa's venues and special dancing events, read reviews by the experts of what's going on in the Chicago Salsa scene as well as articles about different aspects of the Latin dance culture and even other dance cultures, join our mailing list and find useful links to other dance organizations and resources in your area and beyond. We thank you for your interest in Sultry Salsa and look forward to having you join in the fun!
Sultry Salsa Custom Web Search
Sultry Salsa Custom Site Search
El BarÃ³n Himself
Jed Walker
Everyone wants their Canadian border crossing to go smoothly. The best way to make sure this happens is to know what to expect and be prepared.
Have the Proper ID
All visitors arriving in Canada need a passport or passport equivalent, with the exception of children in certain situations. These stricter requirements were implemented under the Western Hemisphere Travel Initiative (WHTI) in 2009.
Be Ready to Address the Border Officer
Passengers should pass their passports and other ID to the driver before reaching the border services booth. In addition, take off your sunglasses, turn off radios and cell phones. Don't start doing these tasks once you've arrived at the booth.
Have a Note for Children Traveling Without Both Parents
Adults traveling over the border into Canada with children who are not their own should have a written note from the parents or guardians giving permission for the children to leave the country. The permission should include the name and contact information of the parent or guardian. Even if you are with your own child but not the other parent, bringing the other parent's written permission to take the child over the border is a good idea.
Know What You Can and Can't Bring Into Canada
Have Your Car Registration Available
Border officials are always on the lookout for stolen vehicles or people trying to avoid duties on vehicles purchased out of the country, so having your car registration on hand is a good idea.
Check Your Trunk
Unnecessary items in your trunk may be a source of questioning by border officials and may add time to your border crossing. It's a good idea to remove anything other than safety equipment and your luggage. For example, a hard hat left in your trunk may cause border guards to wonder if you are coming to Canada to work.
Be Prepared to Answer Questions
The Border Services Officer at the Canada-U.S. border will ask you a series of questions, such as "how long you will be in the country," "why are you traveling to Canada," and "what is the address of the place where you will you be staying." Answer these questions directly. This is not a time to seem unsure or crack jokes.
Keep Receipts Handy
If you've done some cross-border shopping in the U.S. or duty-free at the border, keep the receipts handy in case the border officer asks for them.
Be sure to know the liquor, tobacco, and gift limits for visitors crossing the U.S.-Canada border. Many duty-free shops also have food courts and other services, but not all border crossings offer duty-free shops.
Roll Down the Front and Back Car Windows
Upon arriving at the Canada Border Services booth, roll down your front and back windows so that the border officer can not only speak to the driver but also address people seated in the back of the vehicle and see what's in the back seat.
Check Out Border Wait Times Before Crossing
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's SoftBank Corp is in talks to acquire U.S. wireless carrier T-Mobile US Inc and is discussing funding for a deal with financial institutions, sources close to the matter said on Wednesday.
Softbank Corp President Masayoshi Son speaks during a news conference in Tokyo July 30, 2013. REUTERS/Issei Kato
SoftBank is looking to have its recently acquired U.S. unit Sprint Corp take a majority stake in T-Mobile from the latter's parent Deutsche Telekom AG in the financial year starting April, one of the sources added.
The deal, which media reports have said would be valued at about $20 billion - in line with the $21.6 billion SoftBank paid for Sprint this summer, would help the Tokyo-based company leapfrog U.S. rivals Verizon and AT&T Inc to become the world's No.2 mobile carrier by revenue.
It would also bring SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son closer to his ambition of building the world's biggest mobile Internet company - if he can overcome U.S. regulators' expected concerns about competition issues.
“More than the financial and funding aspects, there are likely concerns in the United States about how much Son, head of a foreign company, can really open up mobile infrastructure there, and whether the deal would obstruct healthy competition,” a banking source in Tokyo said.
Sprint has been interested in combining with T-Mobile for years and top executives from both companies have said that consolidation was necessary in the U.S. wireless market, as cooperation in infrastructure and equipment orders would create a stronger rival against the two biggest players.
COMPETITION CONCERNS
Both the U.S. Federal Communications Commission, which turned down AT&T's application to acquire T-Mobile in 2011 due to competition concerns, and the Justice Department chiefs have signaled they will take a hard line in scrutinizing consolidation bids.
SoftBank may also face its second bidding war in barely a year with U.S. satellite TV provider Dish Network Corp, which is also looking at T-Mobile, sources told Reuters last week.
Dish dropped out of the race to acquire Sprint this year after forcing SoftBank to sweeten its offer.
SoftBank is in the final stages of talks with Deutsche Telekom, the Nikkei business daily reported on Wednesday, but sources told Reuters that talks were still in an early stage.
While the German company would prefer a cash deal, SoftBank has considered a stock swap and may have also added a tender offer and other kinds of deals to its options, the Nikkei report said.
Son has met with at least five banks to discuss financing, Bloomberg news reported over the weekend, including Credit Suisse Group AG, Mizuho Bank Ltd, Goldman Sachs Group Inc and Deutsche Bank AG.
Steering SoftBank through the acquisition would be a test for the finance team, one banking source said, following the death in October of Kazuhiko Kasai, a former banker who was the company's CFO and considered Son's right-hand man.
SoftBank shares dropped 0.5 percent to 8,770 yen on Wednesday, while T-Mobile shares closed up 1 percent at $32.19 on Tuesday.
SoftBank's shares have rallied in recent weeks to their highest since the dot-com bubble burst more than a decade ago, as investors buy into Son's aggressive acquisition and growth strategy. They include hedge fund manager Daniel Loeb, who disclosed last month that he had invested more than $1 billion in the company.
(The story corrects third paragraph from the bottom to remove incorrect reference to new CFO)
Cannabis use among young people has fallen significantly since its controversial reclassification in 2004, according to the latest British Crime Survey figures published today.
The Home Office figures showed the proportion of 16 to 24-year-olds who had used cannabis in the past year fell from 25% when the change in the law was introduced to 21% in 2006/07 - still about 1.3 million users.
The impact of the new "confiscate and warn" policy towards those found with cannabis was also reflected in a 54% rise in the number of cannabis seizures to 117,297, and in the 63,331 formal warnings issued in 2005, according to the figures.
The increasing spread of the homegrown cannabis industry in Britain can be seen in figures showing that police and customs seized 208,357 cannabis plants - 82% of them in groups of less than 50.
In total, police and customs seized 69 tonnes of cannabis, 49 tonnes of which was "traditional" imported resin and 20 tonnes of which was herbal cannabis.
Gordon Brown has ordered a fresh review of the legal status of cannabis after warnings of links between much more potent strains coming on to the market and mental illness.
But the latest figures suggested that the downward trend in cannabis consumption since 1998 - when 28% of 16 to 24-year-olds reported using the drug - had accelerated.
Among all age groups, 10% of people said they had used an illegal drug in the past year - about 3.1 million people. This was the lowest level since the statistics were first published in 1996.
The figures showed cocaine powder use continued to rise, with 2.6% of adults saying they had used it in the past year. Use of ecstasy and heroin remained stable.
For the first time, the BCS survey measured ketamine use in England and Wales and estimated that about 0.3%, or under 100,000, of the adult population had tried it in the past year.
BY: Follow @FBillMcMorris
The leaders of two of the largest and most influential teachers unions in the country decried the confirmation of Education Secretary Betsy DeVos.
After a historic confirmation battle in which she became the first cabinet secretary confirmed by a vice president's tie-breaking vote Randi Weingarten, president of the AFL-CIO affiliated American Federation of Teachers, lashed out at DeVos in a press release.
"DeVos shows an antipathy for public schools; a full-throttled embrace of private, for-profit alternatives; and a lack of basic understanding of what children need to succeed in school," she said. "But it's more likely we'll now hear the same trashing of public schools that the disrupters, the privatizers, and the austerity hawks have used for the last two decades. That makes this a sad day for children."
The National Education Association, the largest teachers union in the country, also denounced the 51-50 vote to install DeVos at the Department of Education. NEA President Lily Eskelsen García said that the union will continue to battle DeVos with the ferocity it summoned during the confirmation battle, saying that recent events marked "only the beginning of the resistance."
"We are going to watch what Betsy DeVos does. And we are going to hold her accountable for the actions and decisions she makes on behalf of the more than 50 million students in our nation's public schools," she said.
Education Secretary DeVos addressed the "animosity" of her nomination in her first speech to department employees on Wednesday. She called the 2016 race a "bruising, divisive election" and attempted to reassure department workers that she did not resemble the caricature that Democratic and union opponents advanced during her confirmation battle.
"This confirmation process and the drama it engendered has been a bit of a bear," she said. "I am here to serve with you. I'm committed to working with everyone and anyone from every corner of the country, from every walk of life, from every background and with those who supported my nomination and those who did not to protect, strengthen and create new world class education opportunities for America's students."
DeVos acknowledged that education reform has been a hot button issue in states and municipalities across the country. She has been a longtime champion of charter schools and school vouchers opposed by established education institutions, particularly teachers unions. She urged for unity and tolerance of all views in developing national education policy.
"The rhetoric and the words can get hot and heated and the animosity often seems unending. That's okay too. People are passionate and moved by deeply held views," she said. "All of us here can help bring unity by personally committing to being more open to and patient toward views different than our own. A key to our nation's future is [present] in the DNA of the Department of Education."
Wednesday was her first day at the department, which oversees a $70 billion budget and has 4,400 employees.
“He's all right,” Jackson said. “You know, I mean, I'm into winning championships. I'm not into guys playing all right, averaging 30 and 20 on sorry teams. I'm into winning championships. He got some upside, I'll say that. But it's all about winning to me. It's not about what you do on your personal stats.”
Their most recent title came in 2007. As dominant as they have been in the regular season, the Spurs have flamed out in the playoffs each year since, including last year, when they won 50 times in 66 games and won 20 straight through the end of the regular season and the first two and a half rounds of the postseason. Leading Oklahoma City by two games to none in the Western Conference finals and looking invincible, the Spurs lost four in a row to the younger Thunder.
Most teams would panic over the summer and make big moves to compensate. That is not how the Spurs do business. Duncan, Ginobili and Parker all returned, with only minor tweaking of the roster around them. Richard Jefferson was out. Nando de Colo was in. Cory Joseph was brought in from the Development League to help when Parker went down, and Leonard and Danny Green have continued to develop into promising perimeter threats.
“They're maturing right in front of our eyes,” Duncan said. “Kawhi and Danny are really picking up a lot of the slack.”
It is the Spurs' way. An unparalleled scouting department led by General Manager R. C. Buford does the drafting, searching far and wide for the right players to put around their three stars.
“Our management staff, R. C. does a great job with his scouts showing us who is out there, who is available,” Popovich said. “And we all sit down and decide who we want to bring in. Once we bring them in, we do take a lot of time trying to develop them. “
The coaching staff, in particular the assistant Chad Forcier, works with the new guys, smoothing out any rough edges and getting them up to speed on the system. And Duncan, Parker and Ginobili set the tone in practice every day.
BELGRADE (Reuters) - Hundreds of Serbian ultra-nationalists protested on Tuesday against U.S. Vice President Joe Biden's visit to Belgrade by chanting their support for Donald Trump.
“Vote for Trump! Vote for Trump!” the protesters, wearing T-shirts displaying an image of the U.S. Republican candidate, shouted as they gathered near the Serbian presidency building.
Biden was on a one-day visit to Belgrade before traveling to Kosovo to encourage both countries to do more to normalize their relations.
The United States is highly popular among Kosovars, who regard Washington as their savior for the 1999 air strikes that halted killings of ethnic Albanians by Serbian forces waging a counter-insurgency war.
But resentment remains high in Belgrade over NATO's air strikes, whose vestiges can be seen in battered ex-Defense Ministry buildings in the center of the Serbian capital.
Kosovo declared independence from Serbia in 2008 but Serbia does not recognize its former southern province as sovereign.
“Trump is the alternative to globalization. He will destroy old centers of power in the United States and he is a supporter of Russia,” Vojislav Seselj, head of Serbia's ultra-nationalist Radical Party, said when asked why he was backing Trump.
Biden, who was meeting government officials in another part of town, offered condolences for the Serbs who lost their lives in the air strikes, the first high-ranking U.S. official to do so.
“I'd like to express my condolences to the families of those whose lives were lost in the wars of the 1990s, including those killed as a consequence of the NATO air strikes,” Biden told reporters before taking a walk with Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic in a picturesque borough of Belgrade, under high security.
Biden, a Democrat, said on Monday Trump's remark that President Barack Obama had founded Islamic State had increased threats to the safety of U.S. troops in Iraq.
Trump's volatile campaign, which has included calls for a border wall with Mexico to keep out immigrants and a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States, has pricked the interest of some right-wing and nationalist leaders abroad.
Slideshow (4 Images)
Seselj, who was acquitted in March of war crimes by the U.N. tribunal in The Hague, urged Serbian-Americans to vote for Trump in the November U.S. presidential election.
Victims of atrocities in Bosnia's 1992-95 war reacted with dismay in March to the acquittal of Seselj, who was accused of stoking murderous ethnic hatred with fiery rhetoric in the conflicts that accompanied federal Yugoslavia's break-up into seven successor states and killed 130,000 people.
Seselj's Radicals are the third largest party in the Serbian parliament.
Anthrax bacteria colonies. (Photo11: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention)
It was a critical test to ensure anthrax bacteria had been thoroughly killed so the samples could be safely shipped to researchers at other labs. Yet the Army scientist simply threw out one test tube that showed some of the potentially dangerous anthrax was still alive, and issued “death certificates” for the rest of the batch that was then sent on to another lab, records obtained by USA TODAY show.
Some of the anthrax bacteria in the other test tubes was also still alive, the receiving lab later discovered.
The records, released under the federal Freedom of Information Act, reveal new details of how a scientist at the Army's Dugway Proving Ground badly misjudged the effectiveness of one of the lab's three kill procedures in 2007 — long before the discovery in May that the massive biodefense complex in Utah had been mistakenly shipping live anthrax to dozens of unsuspecting labs in the USA and abroad for more than a decade.
The test tube incident led to an enforcement action by federal lab inspectors eight years ago. Yet the Army and federal regulators didn't detect more widespread problems at Dugway until a defense contractor discovered it had received a live anthrax sample earlier this year.
Biosafety experts contacted by USA TODAY called the 2007 incident egregious and said the discarding of the test tube indicates a potential cavalier approach in Dugway's culture of working with a deadly bioterror pathogen. Anthrax spores can cause fatal illness if inhaled and Dugway is a major production and testing facility for the military's chemical and biological defense programs.
“Ignoring results that invalidate a procedure, destroying data, signing false reports, and knowingly and willfully misrepresenting materials are major offenses,” said Richard Ebright, a microbiologist at Rutgers University in New Jersey who has testified before Congress on lab-safety issues.
“These are (employee) termination offenses in research laboratories and production facilities,” Ebright said. “There has to be accountability.”
It is unknown whether the scientist in the 2007 incident was disciplined. The Pentagon did not respond to USA TODAY's question about this sent Wednesday.
The Pentagon is currently conducting an accountability investigation of how the recently discovered Dugway anthrax lapses occurred and whether there was any failure of Army leadership. Meanwhile, USA TODAY revealed last week that lab regulators from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention are investigating whether problems with military specimens of bioterror pathogens may go beyond anthrax, and include new concerns about samples of plague bacteria and encephalitis viruses.
Despite ongoing investigations by the military, the CDC and Congress, it remains unclear why Dugway's long history of failing to thoroughly kill anthrax specimens with gamma radiation wasn't discovered until earlier this year. The 2007 incident involved specimens that had been treated with chlorine dioxide, which along with gamma irradiation was one of four methods in use to kill anthrax at Dugway at that time, the records show. The others involved treatment with heat and treatment with another chemical called formalin.
A Pentagon report on Dugway's recent anthrax bungling, issued in July, raised questions about why Dugway's scientific staff and leadership didn't recognize they had a problem inactivating anthrax. Dugway's own records, based on its limited testing of irradiated batches, showed a 20% failure rate for inactivating anthrax specimens, the Pentagon investigation team found. "We believe there were indicators that people should have known there was a problem," Deputy Secretary of Defense Bob Work said when the report was released.
Lab regulators at the CDC declined to be interviewed. In an emailed statement the CDC said the 2007 incident at Dugway — as well as other recent, high-profile lab incidents — "show the need for more specific regulatory oversight of laboratories' inactivation of select agents." Select agent is the federal government's term for viruses, bacteria and toxins, such as those that cause anthrax, botulism, plague and Ebola, that have the potential to be used as bioweapons.
The CDC said it is working with its regulatory partners at the U.S. Department of Agriculture to explore changes to existing select agent regulations to provide stricter requirements for killing pathogens and conducting tests to validate the samples are really dead. The CDC and the USDA jointly run the Federal Select Agent Program, which oversees labs working with regulated pathogens.
Regarding the 2007 incident, the CDC said that in addition to referring Dugway for enforcement action, CDC staff did a follow-up inspection in August 2009 and "did not observe any biosafety concerns regarding the inactivation of select agents." That inspection "found scientists using appropriate, proven methods to inactivate anthrax spores and conducting sterility testing to confirm inactivation had occurred," the CDC said.
Army officials also declined to be interviewed. In an emailed statement, spokesman Dov Schwartz said the 2007 incident resulted in Dugway officials immediately conducting a review that "found that the viability testing lacked sufficient rigor and (Dugway) revised the viability testing process in 2007 to account for these findings." Dugway also stopped using chlorine dioxide, the chemical used to kill anthrax in the 2007 incident, he said.
"The Army takes these inactivation issues seriously," Schwartz said, noting that Dugway remains under an ongoing moratorium on the handling and shipment of such materials.
A live agent test module at Dugway Proving Ground. (Photo11: Kristin Murphy, AP)
USA TODAY first reported in June that Dugway had faced sanctions in 2007 for, what the CDC said at that time, involved shipping anthrax “despite growth of bacteria following the chemical inactivation.”
The new details about the discarding of the test tube are part of 12 pages of redacted records released to USA TODAY by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General. The inspector general handles enforcement actions for lab regulators at the CDC.
According to the records, lab regulators in Dec. 2009 determined that Dugway violated federal regulations in its shipment of live anthrax as a result of the 2007 incident — despite identifying viable bacteria in a test designed to validate the kill-step had worked. They also found that while chlorine dioxide was a "scientifically acceptable" way to inactivate anthrax, Dugway didn't have a standard operating procedure for using the chemical.
The regulatory letters, which redact all references to anthrax, say that a scientist at Dugway had five test tubes of specimens that had supposedly been killed with chlorine dioxide that were being readied for shipment in April 2007 to another facility, whose name was also withheld from the released records.
To make sure the bacteria were dead, samples from the tubes were mixed into a broth made of brain and heart cells — the kind of environment Bacillus anthracis would start to grow in if still alive.
An anthrax spore photographed under an electron microscope at the Dugway Proving Ground in Utah. (Photo11: U.S. Army)
If the anthrax had been successfully treated with chlorine dioxide, none of the bacteria should have grown. And yet the Dugway scientist found a colony of anthrax bacteria growing from one of the test tubes, according to investigators' review of the scientist's clinical notebook.
The growth should have called into question the entire batch of anthrax. “This is evidence the inactivation procedure was ineffective,” federal regulators would later write about the incident. It's unclear why the scientist, who is referred to as a principal investigator or PI, went ahead and shipped the other samples.
“The PI's notes do not explain why the viable colony grew, whether the inactivation procedure was performed properly, or why the remaining tubes were not retested for viability,” according to a Dec. 9, 2009, letter from Gregory Demske, assistant inspector general for legal affairs at the inspector general's office. Demske's letter was presumably sent to an Army official at Dugway Proving Ground. The inspector general's office redacted the name, title and address of the letter's recipient from the released records citing secrecy provisions in a 2002 bioterrorism law. The name of the pathogen involved in the violations also was redacted from documents, yet USA TODAY's FOIA request specifically sought only records about Dugway's 2007 anthrax inactivation enforcement action.
“Upon completion of the viability check, [redacted] discarded the tube with excessive growth and issued death certificates for the remaining tubes,” the letter said, noting that the recipient of the other specimens found some of it to still be alive.
Laboratory and biosecurity experts said the scientist's actions described in the letter are troubling.
“While I can't explain the action of throwing away the tube with growth, I would say that discarding a positive sample is not the appropriate approach to sterility or validation testing,” said Eric Blank, senior director for public health systems at the Association of Public Health Laboratories.
“It is unacceptable laboratory practice, to say the least,” Blank said, adding that additional tests would be required to ensure the organism was killed.
Amesh Adalja, a senior associate at the UPMC Center for Health Security, said it can unfortunately be easier for researchers to try to make a problem just go away than to report it and face bureaucratic regulatory hurdles.
Adalja said the incident speaks to the biosafety culture at Dugway. “It's not something that should be acceptable,” Adalja said. “You don't want people to think that scientists are that cavalier with something that could be potentially dangerous.”
He said Dugway's lapses have the potential to threaten important research. “Keep in mind that anthrax is a major bioterrorism threat. It's still a major disease in the developing world,” Adalja said. “You don't want these lapses to shatter the public confidence in effective research.”
The inspector general's office said it identified 187 pages of records about the referral of Dugway for an enforcement action because of the 2007 incident. The office, however, said it was withholding 25 pages of records because of bioterrorism secrecy requirements and because some materials were pre-decisional. It released 12 redacted pages to USA TODAY. The rest of the records, because they originated at the CDC and the Army, will need to be released by them, the office said. As of Thursday afternoon, no additional records had been released.
Contributing: Tom Vanden Brook
Read full coverage of USA TODAY's ongoing investigation of safety and security issues at labs across the country: biolabs.usatoday.com
Follow USA TODAY investigative reporter Alison Young on Twitter: @alisonannyoung
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1iSVbWW
Some may dismiss Faith No More than “the band who wrote Epic then split up,” and for that they'd be a bit wrong. Since coming to prominence with a newly installed vocalist in Mike Patton for third album The Real Thing circa 1989, the San Francisco legends have defied genre, trends and the expectations of critics and audience alike. Funk, disco, thrash, pop, hip hop, lounge and more have all been lovingly desecrated by Faith No More over the course of their career – and that's before we even get to their covers. So here, for your digitised delectation, are 10 times the band picked up the rulebook and, in Patton's case, probably had a piss in it.
10) Midnight Cowboy – John Barry (1969)
Faith No More's fourth LP, Angel Dust, contains a cover even more leftfield than this. But let's deal with this one first. John Barry's theme for the ridiculously brilliant film Midnight Cowboy is debauched in the most spectacular fashion, Toots Thielemans' iconic harmonica lines replicated by, er, Patton puffing away on a melodica. “I'M WALKIN' HERE!”
9) Spanish Eyes – Bert Kaempfert (1965)
Appearing as a B-side on both Evidence and Ricochet's Orange edition singles – somewhat amusingly next to versions of G.G. Allin's I Wanna Fuck Myself – Bert Kaempfert's musical piece Spanish Eyes is given the Faith No More treatment. Again, it's largely true to the original, Mike Bordin having to bite his lip lest he explode behind the drumkit while Roddy Bottum's sexy synth underpins the whole affair, lending it a distantly Faith No More feel. We're still suckers for the Engelbert Humperdinck version, though.
8) Highway Star – Deep Purple (1972)
Rolled out as a “special San Francisco treat” during Faith No More's 1997 gig at the city's Warfield Theatre, Deep Purple's Highway Star is shaved into just a minute's breadth. Patton out-Gillans Ian Gillan, Bottum's keys are so hammed-up you could stick them in a sandwich and the sheer glee with which the band rip through this classic is tangible. Hard to believe they broke up just six months later, eh?
7) This Guy's in Love With You – Herb Alpert (1968)
Earlier on, it might've seemed like Faith No More were being ironic when covering Herb Alpert's late-night, sipping-hot-chocolate-in-front-of-a-log-fire favourite This Guy's In Love With You. Later down the line, it's obvious that the band love playing this as much as they do Motherfucker; even Patton's whistling, ludicrous as it may be, is delivered with complete conviction and only the slightest hint of a smirk.
6) Reunited – Peaches & Herb (1978)
Faith No More reunited and IT FELT SO GOOD. Opening their Second Coming tour with this cover of R&B duo Peaches & Herb's best-known hit took some bottle but, well, it's Faith No More we're talking about. Patton hobbling on stage and trading verses with Bottum at Download Festival 2009 is every bit as poignant as anything Guns N' Roses, Metallica, AC/DC and their lot have carved into Donington folklore.
5) This Town Ain't Big Enough For Both Of Us – Sparks (1974)
The baroque zeal of Sparks' best-known single was already an absolute winner. It still is. Brothers Ron and Russell Mael revisited their catalogue on Sparks' 1997 Plagiarism, enlisting Faith No More to guest on Something For The Girl With Everything and This Town Ain't Big Enough For Both Of Us. The latter is sillier, heavier and even more bombastic than the original, Patton's Donald Duck wails sprinkling the track with a little grit. Sparks were actually invited to play this alongside the band at the Hollywood Palladium in 2010, bringing with them live guitarist Dean Menta, who also toured as Faith No More's axeman on the King For A Day… Fool For A Lifetime run. So that was nice.
4) I Started A Joke – Bee Gees (1968)
Popping up as a B-Side to Digging The Grave and on some editions of Album Of The Year, this take on the Bee Gees' soppy single only got real recognition by those outside the Faith No More bubble after they broke up, due to its accompanying video. And yeah, the video's decent – Rose Tyler's Dad from Doctor Who and a pre-fame Martin Freeman both star – but when Patton's final vocal hits Freeman, the Hobbit's reaction is akin to ours: total disbelief. Less than a decade prior, we had Epic. We somehow ended up with this.
3) Let's Lynch The Landlord by Dead Kennedys (1980)
Richard Cheese can fuck right off – Faith No More were here first. Transforming the Dead Kennedys' snarling punk rock into a lounge-ready, finger-clicking fiesta, our favourite genre-benders keep a little bit of East Bay Ray's surf rock guitar intact amidst Patton's faux Elvis delivery, Bottum's wonky accordion and some stand-up bass from Billy Gould. Featuring on Alternative Tentacles' Virus 100, celebrating 100 releases and 10 years of Jello Biafra's record label, Let's Lynch The Landlord was recorded in Gould's bedroom. Glad to hear they were taking it seriously.
2) War Pigs – Black Sabbath (1970)
It's just War Pigs, innit? Patton's purposefully nasal delivery on The Real Thing conveniently aligns with that of Ozzy Osbourne and then some, Bordin's dexterous drumming and Gould's boulder-breaking bass being more than a match for Sabbath's Bill Ward/Geezer Butler rhythm section. And no, Jim Martin's not Tony Iommi, but his colourful delivery further ensures that this is more than just a ploddy rehash. The best Sabbath cover ever? Probably. We just wish Faith No More had played this when they supported Sabbath at Hyde Park a couple of years back, though.
1) Easy – Commodores (1977)
Probably the most Faith No More cover by being one of the least Faith No More covers, this rendition of the Commodores' smooth-operating hit is painfully faithful to the original and, being so, topped the Australian singles chart and bagged the UK's #3 spot upon release. Inquisitive Lionel Richie fans must have loved picking up the album it came from, Angel Dust, and being greeted with songs like Jizzlobber, Crack Hitler and lyrics about blowjobs. Genius.
The Story Behind The Song: From Out Of Nowhere by Faith No More
The 10 heaviest Faith No More songs
Leaders Of Men: The Unlikely Rebirth Of Faith No More
By Darren Rovell
CNBC.com
In November, Cleveland Cavaliers guard Manny Harris got into a Cryon-X machine on Nike's campus in Beaverton, Ore. When he came out, he had a nasty freezer burn on the side of his right foot.
"I saw the pictures of it and I said, 'Oh, my God,'" Cavs coach Byron Scott told the News-Herald.
Unable to be seen by team physicians because the lockout was still in place, Harris reportedly tried to let it heal on its own. The burn set him back so much, he couldn't compete for his job and was waived by the team last week when the Cavs decided to pick undrafted rookie Mychel Thompson over the former University of Michigan star.
The machine is the new age version of an ice bath and is the latest in athlete recovery methods. In just three minutes, the company that makes it, Millennium ICE, says the machine cranks the temperature inside to minus 166 degrees Fahrenheit, thus oxygenating the blood, helping to reduce fatigue and muscle soreness.
But the waiver that each athlete has to sign before getting into the stand-up tank specifically says that the briefs and socks that are worn while in the machine cannot be wet. Sources told CNBC that Harris got in with wet socks, which resulted in the freezer-type burn. It's not the first time this has happened. Sprinter Justin Gatlin also got in with the socks he had just worked out in when he entered the Cryon-X machine at ESPN's Wide World of Sports in Orlando.
"The socks froze to me instantly," Gatlin told the Associated Press in August before the World Championships in Daegu, South Korea. "It was like walking on fiery pins and needles. It was all pussed up and blistered. It bubbled up and it stayed bubbled for a good four or five days." Gatlin didn't qualify for the 100 meter final at the event.
Although there haven't been any definitive U.S. studies on cryotherapy's effectiveness, Millennium ICE is doing well and the machine is gaining traction. The Mavericks used it last season and the Houston Rockets and the San Antonio Spurs just bought machines that cost $50,000 each. That's why company CEO Eric Rauscher doesn't want other athletes to miss the waiver warnings about wet clothes.
"We will now be posting the warning on the machine itself," Rauscher said.
Rauscher said teams have also made sure that the players take precautions. "The Rockets training staff won't let players get into the machine unless they change into fresh socks in front of them," Rauscher said.
Harris hasn't had an easy road to the NBA. An ankle injury before last year's draft led to him not being picked. He made the league minimum of $473,604 last year and proved to be serviceable, appearing in 54 games and averaging 5.9 points and 2.6 rebounds. He was due to make about $630,000 this year. He'll now likely head to the D-League where he'll hope to get picked up by another NBA team.
"The focus is simply on getting Manny back on the court as quickly as possible,” said his agent Henry Thomas of Creative Artists Agency. “His foot is almost completely healed and he is anxious to get back out there to play and show how his game has improved from his rookie season."
ThePostGame brings you the most interesting sports stories on the web. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter to read them first!
Because Cryon-X has a waiver, as does Nike with everything athletes use on campus, Nike doesn't have any legal exposure in Harris' case.
Said Thomas: "Nike has been and will continue to be very supportive to Manny throughout the healing process."
-- Questions? Comments? Email SportsBiz@cnbc.com. Or check out more Sports Biz with Darren Rovell.
Popular Stories On ThePostGame:
-- One-On-One With CNBC's Erin Sharoni
-- Father And Son Pro Athletes
-- Best-Selling NFL Jerseys
-- Notable Sports Deaths Of 2011
ROCKLAND, Maine — A Rockland resident who shot an intruder in his apartment late Monday night said Tuesday he had purchased the gun only Monday.
The alleged intruder, Christopher Wildhaber, 45, of Rockland, was caught by police in the woods near the Park Street residence a short time after the confrontation, according to Rockland police Sgt. Don Finnegan. Police said Wildhaber put up a brief struggle before being subdued.
Wildhaber was taken to Pen Bay Medical Center in Rockport and then to Maine Medical Center in Portland to be treated for a gunshot wound to the shoulder. He since has been released from the hospital and is being held at the Cumberland County Jail in Portland, according to Rockland police.
Harvey Lembo, the 67-year-old apartment dweller who shot Wildhaber, told the BDN on Tuesday morning the break-in marked the fifth time he had been the victim of a burglary in the six years he has lived at Park Place. The last time was a month ago, when medications and $1,000 in cash were stolen, Lembo said.
He said he purchased a 7 mm Russian-made revolver Monday but declined to say where he acquired it. He said he bought it because he was concerned he would continue to be the target of criminals looking to steal his prescribed medications.
Lembo said he is disabled and must use a motorized wheelchair to get around and believes that may be why some people think he is an easy target.
Lembo said he had the gun under his pillow around midnight Monday night when he was awoken by a sound in his apartment and then saw a shadow pass by his kitchen into the living room. Lembo took the gun and confronted the intruder, who was rifling through his medications.
While aiming the gun at the man, Lembo said, “I told him to sit down while I called police or I would blow his brains out.”
The intruder complied and sat on a coffee table while Lembo called 911.
While Lembo was on the phone with the public safety dispatcher, the intruder jumped up and Lembo said he fired a shot. The intruder fled out a back door, leaving a pool of blood, Lembo said.
Lembo said the shooting left him nervous, and he couldn't sleep after the incident.
Police initially said they did not expect the resident of the apartment to be charged but later clarified the decision rests with the district attorney.
The case is under investigation, Finnegan said.
District Attorney Geoffrey Rushlau was prosecuting a case in Lincoln County on Tuesday and was not immediately available for comment. Assistant District Attorney Christopher Fernald referred questions on the use of force in a person's home to Rushlau.
State law outlines when it is permissible to use deadly force in defense of premises. The law states: “A person in possession or control of a dwelling place or a person who is licensed or privileged to be therein is justified in using deadly force upon another person: When the person reasonably believes that deadly force is necessary to prevent or terminate the commission of a criminal trespass by such other person, who the person reasonably believes: Has entered or is attempting to enter the dwelling place or has surreptitiously remained within the dwelling place without a license or privilege to do so; and is committing or is likely to commit some other crime within the dwelling place.”
The law further states: “A person may use deadly force under subsection 3, paragraph B only if the person first demands the person against whom such deadly force is to be used to terminate the criminal trespass and the trespasser fails to immediately comply with the demand, unless the person reasonably believes that it would be dangerous to the person or a 3rd person to make the demand.”
Wildhaber likely will be charged with burglary, Finnegan said. The suspect is being held on a possible probation violation, police said. Finnegan said he expected a warrant for Wildhaber's arrest on a burglary charge would be obtained by the end of the day Tuesday, but he was not sure when the suspect would be brought back to the Knox County Jail to await a court appearance.
Wildhaber was convicted in 2011 of domestic violence assault and was sentenced to 90 days in jail. He also was convicted in February 2015 of felony domestic violence assault and sentenced to three years with all but nine months suspended. He was ordered to serve three years of probation upon his release on the latest conviction.
SHARE
Venezuela's dire economic situation is fueling piracy off the coastal state of Sucre, providing one example of the various illicit activities growing along the country's Caribbean coast that have come to affect local communities.
The ongoing economic crisis in Venezuela has hit the once-thriving fishing industry in Sucre particularly hard, pushing local fisherman to turn to illicit activities for sustenance, according to Associated Press.
“People can't make a living fishing anymore, so they're using their boats for the options that remain: smuggling gas, running drugs and piracy,” union leader José Antonio García told the news service.
The media outlet said pirates target local fishermen to rob them of their netted fish or the boat's motor — the latter item being particularly valuable for drug traffickers looking to increase the horsepower of their vessels.
The Associated Press reports that some of these thefts have turned deadly. Dozens have reportedly been killed during robberies this year, fueling bloody vendettas between some of the victims' families and the aggressors.
Acts of piracy along coastal Venezuela also affect other states and other types of victims. According to the International Chamber of Commerce, four anchored cargo ships were boarded this year close to Puerto de la Cruz in the Anzoátegui state, to the west of Sucre.
InSight Crime Analysis
Acts of piracy against cargo vessels or private yachts off Venezuela's Caribbean coast have been reported for a number of years now, and Sucre's waters were already considered highly risky as far back as 2010, according to a report by a Venezuelan non-governmental organization working on maritime security. But the country's dire economic situation appears to be contributing to an increase in piracy targeting large and small commercial interests alike.
SEE ALSO: Venezuela News and Profile
Moreover, the economic hardship seems to be encouraging many to become involved in other illicit activities like drug trafficking and human smuggling as opportunities for legal work dry up. These trends are illustrated by recent press reports from El Estimulo, which quoted a local fisherman admitting that “at least 80 percent of the inhabitants of [San Juan de las Galdonas, a coastal town in Sucre] are involved in” drug trafficking, and the New York Times, which reported on an increase in human smuggling on the Caribbean coast as thousands of Venezuelans attempt to escape their country's devolving economic situation.
Chinese Forex reserve is declining at fastest pace on record. Chinese forex reserve is still the largest in the world and reasonably high enough, however if it keeps falling steadily it is likely to raise concerns over growth and recovery ahead.
Key concerns -
China's forex reserve is down almost 7.5% from its peak in June 2014, which amounts to $ 300 billion. In June 2015, it declared its forex reserve at $3.69 trillion. These drops came in the back of high trade surplus, which means large sum of money is either going out of Capital account or PBOC is using heavy intervention to keep the Dollar/Yuan stable.
Moreover this forex reserve drawdown came in the back of high trade surplus. China experience trade surplus of about $260 billion for first half of the year, whereas Forex reserve shrank by $120 billion, suggesting an outflow of $380 billion for first half of the year in capital account.
This massive outflow remains a concern over the medium term. While money flies out, Peoples Bank of China (PBOC) has kept the Yuan steady against dollar, with -0.03% depreciation in last one year.
Mitch McConnell has a brand-new headache after Senate parliamentarian Elizabeth MacDonough tore up several key provisions of the pending Trumpcare bill on procedural grounds.
In a major, and perhaps fatal, blow to any version of Trumpcare, Senate parliamentarian Elizabeth MacDonough has excluded several key features of the latest bill to repeal and replace Obamacare as items that cannot be enacted under the filibuster-immune special-budget rules.
In an explanatory document released late Friday by the Senate Budget Committee, a number of provisions have run afoul of the parliamentarian's so-called “Byrd Bath,” a review (named after the late Sen. Robert Byrd) designed to ensure that budget bills stick to dictates that have an impact on the budget.
On the wonky side of the ledger, the big blow is the exclusion of a provision called the “Six-Month Lock Out,” a measure imposing a waiting period for people applying for initial individual insurance policies. This was the GOP's replacement for the hated individual mandate, which was Obamacare's mechanism for discouraging younger and healthier people from waiting to buy insurance until they actually needed it. Without it, the system set up by Trumpcare could unravel via a “death spiral” as individual-insurance risk pools are increasingly dominated by less healthy people.
Politically, though, the bigger problem is the parliamentarian's exclusion of two provisions dealing with abortion: a one-year ban on any federal funding for Planned Parenthood and a separate prohibition on use of health-care-purchasing tax credits to obtain a policy with abortion coverage. The latter provision was always a little questionable on Byrd Rule grounds, but the former was thought to be less of a problem, since it was included in the 2015 bill repealing Obamacare (subsequently vetoed by President Obama).
There is no way the anti-abortion advocates who are a powerful force in the Republican Party will support passage of a bill without either of these provisions attached — unless they are somehow given a different option not subject to a Democratic filibuster, which will be very hard to find. The repercussions go beyond the Senate, too: House Freedom Caucus chair Rep. Mark Meadows is already tweeting that the exclusions will make “passage almost impossible.”
And so, it appears Republicans will be forced to choose between abandoning their health-care legislation and taking the extremely risky approach of overruling the parliamentarian on the Senate floor — a tack that could lead to a virtual abolition of the legislative filibuster, since a Senate majority could henceforth place any legislation it wanted under the special simple-majority rules applying to budget bills. Ted Cruz has been pushing for this “solution” all year, but it's one Mitch McConnell, self-appointed conservator of Senate traditions, has been reluctant to embrace.
Speaking of Cruz, the parliamentarian's rulings all involved the June 26 version of the Senate Trumpcare bill, and thus did not include the Texas senator's controversial amendment allowing insurers to offer cheap and less comprehensive individual policies — one of the keys to conservative support for the latest version of the bill. If the Cruz Amendment is included in the bill actually offered by Mitch McConnell, it could be challenged on the Senate floor for Byrd Rule compliance, and no one knows what would happen then.
In general, the parliamentarian has taken an already very difficult process for enacting health-care legislation in the Senate and made it nearly impossible — unless Mitch McConnell is willing to blow up every Senate precedent without even knowing if it would be enough to persuade 50 senators from his own party. It will be a painful weekend for those whose dreams involve the repeal or replacement of Obamacare.
A Penguin tries FreeBSD 11.0 RELEASE on an old i386 PC as his main desktop operating system, for the first time, for a weekend.
The story begins, you guess, with the operating system installation using the FreeBSD i386 hybrid image in order to boot a USB key.
Installation
Installation went without problems and everything flowed as I expected. For a user who lives in the world of Debianized Penguins, being able to install the superb ZFS filesystem is somewhat interesting at least.
I also really enjoyed the system hardening dialog box, especially the possibility, install-time, to hide other users' processes (on a Debian GNU/Linux installation, the same can be performed by mounting /proc with a hidepid=2 parameter in a later stage) and to randomize the PIDs of the newly created processes. True, those settings are better used in a server environment than in a desktop one as in this Penguin-point-of-view article, but they are damn good.
So far:
System installed: done.
Hardware recognized, even the wireless adapter: done.
All keyboard's special keys can be used: good.
First run
First login in all its glory, behold.
“Ok, we need a desktop environment, let's go installing GNOME Shell”. So we (me and I) thought, and had a look at the official documentation:
This desktop environment can be installed from a package: # pkg install gnome3 GNOME requires /proc to be mounted. Add this line to /etc/fstab to mount this file system automatically during system startup: proc /proc procfs rw 0 0 GNOME uses D-Bus and HAL for a message bus and hardware abstraction. These applications are automatically installed as dependencies of GNOME. Enable them in /etc/rc.conf so they will be started when the system boots: dbus_enable="YES"
hald_enable="YES" After installation, configure Xorg to start GNOME. The easiest way to do this is to enable the GNOME Display Manager, GDM, which is installed as part of the GNOME package or port. It can be enabled by adding this line to /etc/rc.conf: gdm_enable="YES" It is often desirable to also start all GNOME services. To achieve this, add a second line to /etc/rc.conf: gnome_enable="YES" GDM will start automatically when the system boots.
Actually it is not entirely correct, in fact GNOME Shell did not start then – it wasn't hard to guess what was missing, /var/log/messages was explicative and I just had to install xorg manually:
pkg install xorg
Anyway, I think xorg (or any X.Org replacement) should be set as a gnome3 dependency and I cannot understand why package maintainers chose not to list it as such.
I have to admit that those service_enable statements attracted my curiosity: nowdays most Penguings use (and enjoy using, really) Systemd or at least any modern SysV init replacement. FreeBSD makes use of the traditional BSD-style init instead:
Many Linux distributions use the SysV init system, whereas FreeBSD uses the traditional BSD-style init. Under the BSD-style init, there are no run-levels and /etc/inittab does not exist. Instead, startup is controlled by rc scripts. At system boot, /etc/rc reads /etc/rc.conf and /etc/defaults/rc.conf to determine which services are to be started. The specified services are then started by running the corresponding service initialization scripts located in /etc/rc.d/ and /usr/local/etc/rc.d/. These scripts are similar to the scripts located in /etc/init.d/ on Linux systems. The scripts found in /etc/rc.d/ are for applications that are part of the “base” system, such as cron, sshd, and syslog. The scripts in /usr/local/etc/rc.d/ are for user-installed applications such as Apache and Squid.
Of course I will forever thank the Linux community for not using this.
The GNOME Display Manager started flawlessly at the following boot and I felt nearly at home. Desktop language, however, was not the one I had previously selected install-time for the console-only operating system, so I had to set up my keyboard and system language (Italian) again. The latter did not work. Never mind. English is good for operating systems 😉
On my Debian 8 desktop, GNOME's i18n strictly follows the system's one (when having the package locales-all installed) and eventually can override it by setting its own.
So far:
GNOME Shell installed: task accomplished.
Setting internationalization: half done.
Digging around
At that point I realized (incredibile dictu) that no Network Manager or any other networking GUI was available or easily installable, as far as I understand. So, they worked (free as in beer work) for Apple and Microsoft in creating the networking stack for them and they did not create a network manager for themselves. Smart move.
Come to my senses again, at that point I launched the GNOME Tweak Tool in order to reduce fonts' size a bit. Mmmm. It did not run; by launching it via terminal, it was clear that the Python interpreter was missing (dependencies are a bit aleatory, it seems). Nothing to worry about:
su -
su: Sorry
Wtf? A forum helped a lot:
Are you a member of group “wheel”? If not, you need to add that to use su. Check the output of % groups . It's a fundamental part of FreeBSD's security model. FreeBSD won't let regular users su to root. They must be part of the wheel group. If you don't like it, learn to like it, because it prevents hackers who manage to crack a user account from grabbing root without too much additional effort.
Good to know, of course I did not learn to like it. Anyway, this way I was able to install the missing interpreter and use the Tweak Tool.
Further customizing GNOME Shell
Usually, one has to spend some time upon their newly created GNOME Shell environment in order to make it usable and productive. For example, enabling all the titlebar buttons and installing the TaskBar extension by zpydr to me are two mandatory tasks.
I tried to install the Taskbar extension via extensions.gnome.org (I installed Firefox with GNOME Shell integration a bit sooner), but the browser gently returned an obscure “Attempting to use a disconnected port object” message.
I then chose the other way: once downloaded from GitHub as a zip package file, I moved the uncompressed extension folder (with proper permissions) to /home/<me>/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions/. After a refreshing Alt+F2/R, setting the extension via the Tweak Tool eventually did the job.
As a note, extracting the compressed archive via GUI did not work, and file-roller was correctly installed. I did not indagate further – I guess a dependency is missing, again.
Likewise, I finally installed a GNOME Shell theme and those magnificent icons from the Secure-K operating system I own, thus resulting in a desktop customization as pictured in the following image.
Installing other software
I went on installing the Chromium web browser and LibreOffice and some other security restrictions became evident, which have to be relaxed:
Message from chromium-56.0.2924.87_2:
For correct operation, shared memory support has to be enabled in Chromium by performing the following command as root:
sysctl kern.ipc.shm_allow_removed=1 To preserve this setting across reboots, append the following to /etc/sysctl.conf:
kern.ipc.shm_allow_removed=1
Chromium did hang or freeze on my system most of the time I launched it; maybe I did something wrong, maybe not. On the contrary, LibreOffice run like a charm.
Enjoying the enjoyable
So, system was set up more or less as I needed and I used it for some hours as it was my Debian desktop. Briefly, I encountered several performance issues:
HTML5 video on YouTube played sluggish on Firefox.
Desktop environment looked slow when compared to the same Debian Linux GNOME environment on the same machine.
I also experienced temporary freezes when pkg was installing packages.
Computer fan started working when doing nothing.
Something I dislike, too:
Linux users are often surprised to find that Bash is not the default shell in FreeBSD. In fact, Bash is not included in the default installation. Instead, FreeBSD uses tcsh as the default root shell, and the Bourne shell-compatible sh as the default user shell.
My personal conclusion
My FreeBSD weekend was nice. I managed to install the FreeBSD 11 RELEASE on my old i386 laptop without any particular fatal problem and the hardware worked completely.
I am pretty sure (and I know) that FreeBSD is an impressive operating system for servers and I like some of its default security features and of course its filesystem.
As a desktop operating system, however, it seems a bit crude and sluggish. Some package dependency problems prevent a flawless installation of the software and it lacks (as far as I know) a proper graphical network manager.
At the end of the day, I'll continue keeping a highly modified Debian Jessie on my newer Macbook Pro as the sole operating system (I got rid of OS X a long time ago), prone to update soon to Stretch.
As a final note, even if I tested FreeBSD 11 RELEASE on the bare metal first, all screenshots of this article have been taken from a VirtualBox instance of FreeBSD on a later stage.
By the way:
pkg refused to work with a virtual NAT network configuration, use Bridged;
Virtualbox Guest Additons installed perfectly;
also the “VirtualBoxed” FreeBSD feels a lot less responsive than a virtualized Debian Jessie, at least on my i7 Windows 10 Intel-based super-laptop.
Looking for more BSD-ish road tests?
Imagine you're the type of person who despises snakes with an Indiana Jones-level of hatred.
Imagine that you head to your local big-box retailer to buy – among other things – a 12-roll bundle of toilet paper.
Imagine that you return to a house where a two-year-old granddaughter is napping and an older dog named Luke and a young cat named Maxwell are just chilling upstairs.
Finally, imagine that when you get that toilet-paper bundle inside, a live, black, two-foot long snake slithers its way out of the packaging.
You'd freak out, right? Well, that's exactly what Lisa Gallo did earlier this week in Marlton, N.J.
At around 2 p.m. Tuesday, Gallo returned home from the Walmart location on Route 70. She unloaded her purchases but left the bag holding the toilet paper in the foyer near the front door.
About an hour later, she returned to that part of the house and "saw something black in the foyer. I thought it was just the bottom of the door, the rubber part, but it was longer than that."
"So, I walked closer and the freakin' thing moved. 'Oh my God! It's a snake!' I yelled," she recalled. "I never had a snake in the house before but this thing was just sitting there. When I reached over to open the door, it stuck its tongue out. It hissed at me!"
Considering her options, she called her husband, who suggested calling animal control. There was no time for that, though.
She found a broom and tried to push it out with the pointy end, but had no luck.
"I got that big broom and shoved the thing twice," she said. "It slithered out the door and it was gone after that."
Her son Mark shared his take on an incident that rousted a young girl from sleep and left a dog barking frantically from afar.
“I got a text message first: ‘2 foot long snake in the house. I kicked its ass out of here. What the hell's going on? There was a snake in the house!'” he said of the message he received while golfing. “My mom's so afraid of snakes. There are no words to describe it. She used a broom stick to get it out.
“I called her afterwards and she was just in a frenzy."
“It was so freaky! I hate snakes!” – Lisa Gallo
For her part, Lisa Gallo steadfastly maintains the snake came from inside the toilet-paper packaging, which she'd opened up to grab a couple of rolls minutes before the discovery.
"I don't know how, I don't know where, but that's my story. That little sucker came in with the toilet paper," she said. "I looked online trying to find New Jersey snakes that it looked like and didn't find anything."
Luckily, no humans, pets or snakes were hurt in the process.
BRAND RESPONSES
Charles Krowson, a spokesman for Walmart, referred questions about the alleged incident to the Angel Soft folks at parent company Georgia-Pacific.
“We're not passing the buck at all, but when those products come into the store, they're vacuum-sealed and boxed,” he said. “We've had snakes show up at our garden centers, in fresh produce (deliveries). When you have 5,000 stores nationwide, you'll see all sorts of things.”
Karen Cole, senior communications for Georgia-Pacific, told PhillyVoice she hadn't heard anything about the story prior to our Friday morning call.
“It's definitely unusual. We'd love to look into it, so we'd obviously want to talk to them,” she said. “I'm glad everybody's OK. With anything related to our products, we want to make sure our customers feel good about the purchases. We pride ourselves on being responsive.”
Mark Gallo initially reached out to Charmin on Twitter, later learning that they were not involved. (Still, a spokeswoman for Charmin's Procter & Gamble parent company noted, “The incident described in the tweet is definitely not something we would expect.”)
Unfortunately, Lisa Gallo didn't have a chance to get pictures of the snake.
“She was panicking. She was more concerned about getting it out of the house before someone got bit,” her son explained, noting that a call to Walmart resulted in an offer for a $10 refund on which he didn't take them up.
In any event, nobody got hurt, the snake is no longer in the Gallo home and things are returning to normal for the involved parties.
HOW TO HANDLE SNAKE INVADERS
This tale offers the perfect opportunity to share tips on what to do should YOU find your toilet-paper purchase result in an unwanted reptilian visit.
Though Marlton isn't within their coverage area, Ame Dorminy of the Animal Care and Control Team of Philadelphia offered some tips:
HARVARD HEIGHTS: For absolutely no good reason whatsoever, here is a video of LACMA's giant "Levitated Mass" boulder set to "The Imperial March." You're welcome. Meanwhile, an actual documentary filmmaker, Doug Pray, is working on a feature doc about the rock called The Boulder. [Curbed Staff/THR]
CULVER CITY: A frustrated reader wrote in last week "to see if you guys know anything about (or have heard frustrated grumblings about) the construction that has been going on on La Cienega, both north and southbound, in the Blair Hills area. As you know this is a stretch of the road that basically turns into a freeway til it hits the 405.
"What's been going on for the last month+ is that 1-2 lanes of traffic seem to be shut down for 'road work', causing terrible jams during rush hour. Also, the lane closures seem to be happening somewhat randomly, as some days they are open and some they are closed. This problem is extremely frustrating for two different reasons. First, there is no signage saying what days/times the road will be affected. When there IS a sign, as there was this morning, it directs drivers to 'use alternate routes,' which is completely unhelpful as the sign is way past the point of no return - there is no way to exit or turn around for at least another mile. That sign also has no dates to at least clue us in to how long we should be using alternate routes.
"The second element of frustration is that for the entire month-plus that this has been happening, I have seen actual work being done ONE time. The majority of the time it adds 10-30 minutes to my (and everyone else's) commute and there is literally nobody working on site." It does seem like there are always at least a few orange cones up around here--anyone know the deal? [Curbed Staff]
Pin 16K 18K Shares
An easy and adorable paper plate flower craft for toddlers and preschoolers to make!
What signals spring more than a colourful flower? You're going to love how quick and easy this colourful flower craft is to make! It's a perfect spring craft for toddlers and preschoolers! It's our Letter F craft in our A-Z paper plate crafts collection.
Hooray for Spring! I think it might finally be here! Tiny green shoots are sprouting up in the garden and the buds are on the trees! We've been doing lots of Spring crafting these past few weeks, and the paper plate flowers that I'm sharing with you today might just be my favourite yet!
These cheerful flowers were so easy to make, and a lot of fun too! It's a simple craft, but it packs in lots of opportunities for learning: painting, colour-mixing, shape recognition, cutting, and gluing, to name a few.
Aren't paper plates just the best when you're crafting with young children? I love how versatile they are!
Ok! Let's gather up our supplies and make some flowers!
To make your paper plate flower craft, you'll need:
paper plate
paint (bright spring colours)
paint brush
scissors
glue
Making our flowers:
I set out a paint pallet filled with bright spring colours, and the hooligans painted their plates. Older children will use more thought as to the placement of their colours, but toddlers will just be happy to slap their paint all over that plate! Let 'em! That's fun! That's learning!
When the paint is dry, simply snip through the outer rim of the plate and cut out the inner circle. Depending on your child's cutting skills, he or she may be able to do to this step with little or no assistance. Toddlers, of course, will require some help.
When the rim of the plate has been removed, set the centre aside, and chop that rim up into chunky pieces. These will be the petals for your flower.
Putting your flower all together:
Grab the centre of the flower that you set aside a minute ago.
To finish have your child glue the shorter edge of the flower petal to the back of the round center piece.
TIP: Because those petal pieces are curved, we weighted our flowers down with small glass bowls to prevent the petals from popping away from the centre while the glue was wet.
What do you think? Aren't these just the cheeriest, little paper plate flowers you've ever seen?
I think they'd be lovely to do as a classroom or nursery project. Wouldn't they look lovely suspended from a ceiling or displayed together on a bulletin board!
Head on over to Kids Activities blog if you're looking for If you're looking for more Flower Crafts for your kids to make!
And, be sure to check out our 10 easy spring crafts to do with toddlers and preschoolers!
For more easy, awesome paper plate crafts, check out my A-Z collection of Paper Plate crafts! You'll find one or more crafts for every letter of the alphabet.
Follow the Hooligans on Facebook!
Get the 3-5 Playful Preschool e-Book!
25+preschool activities by 25 bloggers, 10 printables, 50 links to activities not featured in the book all for $8.99!
Download your copy today:
Follow the Hooligans on Facebook, Pinterest and Twitter!
Jackie is a mom, wife, home daycare provider, and the creative spirit behind Happy Hooligans. She specializes in kids' crafts and activities, easy recipes, and parenting. She began blogging in 2011, and today, Happy Hooligans inspires more than 2 million parents, caregivers and Early Years Professionals all over the globe.
In 1850, Walter Potter was 15 years old when he first began experimenting with taxidermy. By the age of 19, Potter had already created his best-known taxidermy tableaux, “The Death and Burial of Cock Robin” which was displayed, along with his other work, at a pub his family owned in Bramber, West Sussex. Potter's taxidermy dioramas feature anthropomorphized animals acting out Victorian life scenes. During the Victorian era, taxidermy was a popular practice, and in 1880, a dedicated museum building was opened because the tableaux at the pub had created quite a scene. Over time, the interest in taxidermy declined, and the museum was moved before closing down.
Though Potter's dioramas could be considered morbid, especially by modern standards, there's something Beatrix Potteresque (no relation) about his work, mostly in its strange and whimsical Victorianism. “Kittens' Wedding” was Potter's last tableaux before his death in 1890; this piece was auctioned at Bonham's (along with most of the collection) in 2003 for £21,150 (around $35,500). Among those present at the auction were artists Peter Blake, David Bailey, and Damien Hirst, who reportedly bid £1 million (almost $1.7) for Potter's entire collection, but it was rejected by the auctioneers. This caused the owners of the collection to sue Bonham's because they believed such an offer should have been immediately accepted in order to keep the collection in tact. In 2007, Hirst told The Guardian that “Kittens' Wedding” was one of his favorites of Potter's work: “All these kittens dressed up in costumes, even wearing jewellery. The kittens don't look much like kittens, but that's not the point.”
The Telegraph notes, “To a modern eye […]these ‘freaks of nature' appear eerily macabre. Indeed, some Victorian viewers were outraged by the grotesquery and criticised Potter for abuse of animals, despite a museum disclaimer stating that no animals had been deliberately killed for the collection.” But then they later explain that not all of Potter's tableaux were sourced ethically. Before neutering was commonplace, freely roaming farm kittens would often be killed off. Potter had an agreement with a local farmer who provided the kittens; this would explain the high number of participants in his tableaux.
The accompanying images are sourced from Dr. Pat Morris and Joanna Ebenstein's book about Potter and his work, “Walter Potter's Curious World of Taxidermy,” released earlier this year. Ebenstein says that she's interested in “the context that creates these things, and why certain things come to be seen as bizarre to us, when obviously they weren't at the time.” (via telegraph)
Mayhew appeals for families to adopt kittens rescued during London riots
Rod,Taylor and Jackie need new homes Archant
Kensal Green animal charity nurses felines back to health after thugs threw them around in Cricklewood
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
A family of cats who were found being thrown around by thugs during the London riots have been nursed back to health and are ready for a new home.
Police visiting a house in Cricklewood last August, during the unrest, found the mother cat and her litter of two-week-old kittens being hurled by a group of people.
They rescued the terrified felines and took them to The Mayhew Animal Home in Trenmar Gardens, Kensal Green, where they have been looked after since.
The mother, Tammy, found a new loving home when her kittens were old enough, but the kittens themselves had a bout of bad health and spent several months in animal charity's isolation block receiving treatment by the Mayhew's vet team.
Now fighting fit and looking for homes to call their own, Rod, Taylor and Jackie are waiting at for someone to give them their happy ever after.
They are now nine months old and are looking for homes all together, or independently.
They adore affection and a good tumble about and a home with a garden is a must as they enjoy an adventure in the outdoors.
Joanna Puzzo, The Mayhew's Cat Welfare Coordinator, said: “After their lucky escape from the London riots, it would be wonderful to wave goodbye to this terrific trio and know they will finally be able to get the love and attention they truly deserve.”
Anyone interested in adopting Rod, Taylor or Jackie can call Matthew Pearson on 020 8969 0178 or email matthew@mayhewanimalhome.org
The White House on Friday announced the addition of five new names to President Trump's list of potential Supreme Court nominees.
After the successful nomination of Justice Neil Gorsuch to the nation's highest court, in addition to other nominations of federal judges during his first year as president, the statement released by the White House said Trump is “refreshing” his list “with input from respected conservative leaders.”
“President Trump will choose a nominee for a future Supreme Court vacancy, should one arise, from this updated list of 25 individuals,” the statement read.
SUPREME COURT TO HEAR ANTI-ABORTION AND FREE SPEECH CASE: A BREAKDOWN OF NIFLA V. BECERRA
Two of the latest candidates, Judge Amy Coney Barrett and Judge Kevin C. Newsom, were both nominated to their current positions by Trump in May, according to the White House.
Barret serves on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit and Newsom serves on U.S. Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit, the statement said. The White House announced both nominations in May.
Also on the list are Justice Britt C. Grant of the Supreme Court of Georgia, Judge Brett M. Kavanaugh of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit and Justice Patrick Wyrick of the Supreme Court of Oklahoma.
The update comes amid ongoing rumors that Justice Anthony Kennedy, 81, who has served on the court for more than 20 years, is considering retirement.
A potential announcement by Kennedy could come after Thanksgiving, according to Fox News' John Roberts in his report on “Shepard Smith Reporting.”
Fox News' John Roberts contributed to this report.
Longtime readers of the website know that I lurve me some bus stop pizza even more than that AH.MAZE.ING. hot cheese sauce they used to serve at Casey's Corner before the FDA banned the main ingredient. So when I learned that All-Star Movies and Music would be offering pizzas at their bus stop, I canceled my Mickey's PhilharMagic FastPass+ and rushed over.
But while I have been making fun of the concept because bus stop pizza sounds as funny as it is depressing.
It's sort of an ingenious plan. All they are doing here is having a cast member walk out cheese and pepperoni pizzas so guests can bypass the food court and either take their pizza back to their rooms or directly to the food court seating area. Order your pizza or convenient beer and you won't have to wait around for your pizza to be baked or stand there while it's getting cold waiting to pay for it. The kiosk has industrial-style warmers so even if the pizzas sit for a few minutes, they should still taste fresh.
The beer selection. At least there's Yuengling.
You'll have to excuse me as these are camera phone pictures. I was too excited to pack Tom.
And at $15.49, there is a considerable amount of value here as this is big enough for four adults to each eat two large slices. That comes out to $3.87 per person and you'd have eaten considerably more pizza than one of Disney's standard $9.99 frozen pepperoni pies from the likes of PizzeRizzo. Like the food court, they also accept Tables in Wonderland for a 20% discount and don't add a tip.
On the quality front, I think this tastes better than the personal pan pizzas that are more or less now resigned to just PizzeRizzo. The crust, particularly on the bottom, is much thinner and the pepperoni coverage is better with what may or may not be a higher quality pepperoni and seemingly more cheese. It's not “good pizza” in that 80% of pizzerias in the “real world” are going to serve a better product because they have to to survive, but it's “good pizza for Disney.” If the family is wiped out after getting back from not seeing Rivers of Light and you're staying at a world class resort that offers bus stop food, then this may be just the ticket.
As I've mentioned before, the food courts that don't offer flatbreads moved to these “monster slices” maybe two years ago now. Each one should be a fourth(?) of the whole pizza, so if you're considering two slices with the same toppings, it would make more sense to go with a whole. Ask for some aluminium foil and you can stick the leftovers in the fridge and save it for breakfast the next day. As if there is any chance of there being leftovers.
While we're here, we can take a look at the Christmas decorations offered – wreaths above the desks and some holiday inspired plants in the planters.
When you get the tree from Sears that is already decorated.
A red carpet photo opportunity.
E! News: “Josh, what are you wearing this evening?”
Me: “Bus stop pizza.”
The All-Stars' collection of merchandise:
Each individual resort offers its own postcard, but the other items read just “All-Star Resort.”
Speaking of resort quick services, a lot of the various resorts have been adding some more interesting items over the last month or so. At Movies, we have items like the:
$11.49 House-made Macaroni and Cheese with Spicy Andouille Sausage with Garlic Toast and Side Salad
$10.49 Spinach Artichoke Pasta – Penne Pasta with Spinach and Artichokes in Alfredo Sauce served with Garlic Toast and Side Salad
$11.49 Curry Chicken – Red Curry Chicken with Rice and Stir Fry Vegetables
$14.99 Reuben Burger – Angus Burger, Corned Beef, Sauerkraut, Swiss Cheese, and A Thousand Island Dressing with Coleslaw and French Fries
But even then, the “usual” items are gussied up with this or that, at least in name:
$12.99 Barbecue Chicken Sandwich – Barbecue Chicken Breast, Fried Onion Straw, and Smoked Cheddar with Coleslaw and French Fries
$11.49 House-made Meatball Sub – House-made Beef and Pork Meatballs, Marinara Sauce, and Mozzarella Cheese with House-made Chips and Side Salad
$11.99 Hot Italian Sandwich – Ham, Salami, and Pepperoni toasted on a Sub Roll with Lettuce, Tomato, Red Onion, Pepperoncini, and Provolone Cheese served with House-made Chips and Side Salad
This all sounds very positive. The full menu is available here. But then, we all remember my “Pop Century Debuts Pretty Crazy New Menu” post from last year.
We'll switch gears slightly and visit the Intermission Food Court at All-Star Music to see if what “feels” like some lofty promises materialize into positive experiences. And if you're tired of reading I'll just tell you right now. No…no they don't.
Toppings go on top of the hamburger. It makes sense.
If I was going to create my own pasta that is definitely not the one that I would create. But it is interesting that it's more of a “chicken parmesan” situation than the typical grilled pieces.
Another bonus of going Bus Stop with your pizza. Disney keeps the salad.
Why would anyone with any sense of self worth…any foresight…or regular sight…or ability to hear words that describe what pictures look like…order fast food braised short ribs from the All-Star Music? And that is the most optimistic picture of a Disney quick service steak that I've ever seen.
Is it still a sandwich if it's served on a multi-grain croissant?
Salads lol. I haven't been eating anything but kale for six months to eat it on vacation too.
DOUBLE SCOOP? Somebody's feeling generous.
Is Mickey Gelato made out of…
They want you to order the single scoop so badly that it appears on every screen. Then it's followed by an item that is literally nothing for $5.99. Maybe to improve the perceived value of the Deluxe resorts they will build “Disney's Invisible Resort (No It's There Honest)” and charge $275 a night, thereby making $375/night at Saratoga Springs appear attractive. Still a better night's sleep than Cabana Bay.
I wonder how many different fruits and vegetables they had to try to make bread out of before they found the one that sort of works.
If I was the muffin man I think I would have led with that at #1 and hoped people stopped reading immediately after.
Cookies and such.
Check out that luscious theming on the top.
Mass produced cupcakes YEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS! YEEEEESSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!
I ordered the Red Wine Braised Short Ribs with Mashed Potatoes, Carrots, Green Beans, and a fresh(?) Roll.
I felt like Bonasera in the Godfather using all of my powers and all of my skills to make this look presentable to you, but there was no hope. The beef is the exact same quality as what they used to serve as “pot roast” for around $12. And the beef was actually the best part – mildly edible and while fatty, what they describe as “red wine sauce” on top actually did enough to cover the flavor of the “short rib.” They didn't have a “fresh roll” so I was given a breadstick from the pasta section, which was like trying to eat through a medium size pine branch. And less flavorful to boot.
The “stuffing” may be the worst thing that I've ever been served on property. And I have eaten some pretty unfortunate things. I'm not sure if it was cooked. I'm not sure anybody was using a recipe. I'm not sure if food was involved. I don't want to talk about it anymore.
The plantains, while greasy, overcooked, and hardened, might be able to get you through the winter if for some reason you had to go sit in a cave for six months and could pick only one food item off this plate. The beef is the “obvious” choice, but I don't think you'd last longer than a week on that for a variety of reasons.
Do you want it?
Corless ordered the $13.99 Pub Burger – Burger topped with Onion Strings, Fried Pickle, and House-made Beer Cheese on a Pretzel Roll with Coleslaw and French Fries. I realize it might not look very good in the picture – it was after dark and the food courts at the Stars do not offer particularly favorable lighting. But it looked really promising in the tray – a soft, fluffy pretzel roll topped with coarse salt; a thick slice of seasoned fried pickle on top; a burger poking out of the sides of the bun; a heaping portion of fries.
Unfortunately, good looks will only take you so far in this world and the burger and beer cheese were surprisingly flavorless. If you had gone back and requested a cup of the beer cheese for dipping, you might have fared better, but as it stood, the liquid did little other than soften the crispy onions to a generic limpness.
This scene in front of the “carving station” tells you all you need to know – a poor woman crying into her food and another poor boy madly trying to scoop up his dropped chicken nuggets off the floor because he knows that if he can't, it's the short ribs.
Overall, I don't know if any of us are prepared to live in a world where the best choice is bus stop pizza.
Comcast, the nation's largest cable television provider, majority owner of NBC and MSNBC, and one of the nation's largest internet service providers, recently announced that it will be buying Time Warner Cable, the nation's second largest cable television provider, for $45 billion.
That's a very big deal, pun intended.
And it has huge implications for the type and amount of content consumers will have access to.
Comcast and Time Warner are two of America's largest internet service providers, providing millions of Americans access to the World Wide Web.
If you factor in Comcast's proposed takeover of Time Warner, with last month's ruling on net neutrality, American consumers could be screwed.
Last month, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals struck down the Obama administration's net-neutrality rules.
Those rules were put in place to prevent big internet service providers, like Comcast and Time Warner, from slowing down your access to certain websites or charging for access to websites.
For example, with net-neutrality rules in place, Comcast wouldn't be able to slow down your access or charge more for your access to HBO or CBS or CNN, just because they wanted you to use NBC which they own and operate.
Thanks to the D.C. Circuit Court's ruling and the potential takeover of Time Warner, Comcast is well on its way to being able to discriminate between websites, and to make the owners of competitor websites pay more money to run their websites at higher speeds and to reach millions of American consumers.
And it also means that Comcast can jack up internet costs.
Back in 2009, Reddit user Quink created a graphic, detailing what internet prices might look like without net-neutrality.
Since last month's court ruling, the graphic has gone viral, and it does a great job detailing a world without net-neutrality.
The graphic talks about a fictional internet service provider named TELCO.
With TELCO, in this new world we are in now without net-neutrality, they could set it up so you get basic internet service for $29.95 per month, with a big catch!.
The catch is, good luck finding any websites that you can access with that plan.
That's because in a world without net-neutrality, internet service providers will be able to “package” websites, a lot like cable providers do with TV channels.
For example, if you're a search engine user, and love looking up things on Google, Bing or Yahoo, then TELCO would charge you an extra $5 per month for access.
What if you're a real news junkie, and like taking in the news from a global perspective?
TELCO would charge you another $5 per month to access international news websites like the BBC.
But don't think that means TELCO will give you access to U.S.-based news for free.
Nope, it wants you to pay another $5 per month for access to American news websites like CNN, The Huffington Post, and The New York Times.
Now, say you're done reading the news, and want to watch the latest viral YouTube hit, or an episode of your favorite show on Netflix.
To do either of those things, you're going to have to pay TELCO an extra $10 to$15 per month.
Finally, say you're a big online shopper.
Well, if you want access to sites like Amazon, Ebay, or Overstock.com, you'll have to pay TELCO another $5 per month.
While this could happen today, if the Comcast-Time Warner merger goes through, it becomes far more likely.
So shouldn't we be enforcing things like the Sherman Anti-Trust Act, so that we have a lot of small and medium-sized internet service providers competing with each other, keeping down prices for American consumers?
And isn't time to put net-neutrality into law so that these big internet service providers can't volcanize the internet like with Quink's telco example?
_______
Vandals destroyed a 9/11 memorial at Occidental College in California on the fifteenth anniversary of the terrorist attacks.
Occidental College's Republican Club placed 2,997 flags on the campus quad Saturday night, one for each of the victims who died 15 years ago.
Shortly after midnight Sunday, club members found that vandals crushed, snapped, and threw the flags in the trash. The vandals also put up posters and fliers that “shamed the victims of 9/11,” according to the student organization's post on Facebook.
The fliers said, “R.I.P. The 2,996 Americans who died in 9/11. R.I.P. the 1,455,590 innocent Iraqis who died during the U.S. invasion for something they didn't do,” according to the Los Angeles Times.
The organization quickly moved to restore the memorial after it was knocked down, despite there being several other attempts at vandalism at the memorial.
“This is beyond politics, this is about those lives that were so tragically taken,” the organization wrote on Facebook.
Occidental College issued a statement to students and faculty saying that the vandalism was under investigation and that disciplinary action will be taken against the perpetrators.
“Vandalism or other acts that substantially interfere with the rights of others to engage in protected speech violate the College's Student Code of Conduct and the spirit of this institution,” Erica O'Neal, acting dean of students, told the LA Times. “Let us work together to find ways to express ourselves and build a community founded on respect.”
France has been on edge ever since the terror attacks in January when 17 people were killed by Islamist gunmen in Paris. And things are not about to return to normal any time soon.
The country's anti-terror alert system known as Plan Vigipirate, will remain at “attack” level for several months in Ile-de-France and in the Alpes-Maritimes region around the Riviera, according to reports on Wednesday. The rest of France, meanwhile, will remain at “high vigilance” level.
The high attack levels had already been extended until April 10th.
But protecting the country against the threat of terrorism doesn't come cheap. On Sunday Finance Minister Michel Sapin admitted that the anti-terror measures implemented since January's terror attacks had cost the government around €940 million.
Speaking on French radio on Sunday, Sapin explained how the money had been spent.
“We need more police, some people specialized in tracing the financing of terrorism or some extra police officers or in the army… and there were also expenses announced to, for example, develop civic engagement,” he said.
Since the attack on the offices of Charlie Hebdo France has deployed some 10,500 soldiers outside "sensitive" sites in the wake of the January terror attacks, notably outside Jewish and Muslim places of worship, schools and media outlets.
The government said that 830 sites were being monitored across France including 30 in Nice, where three soldiers were attacked by a man wielding a knife earlier this month.
Although the heightened police and army presence at least appears to be having some positive affects, with reports in 20 Minutes that the number of property offences, including armed robbery, car theft, pickpocketing and burglary had gone down dramatically since the Plan Vigipirate alert system came into operation.
According to the National Observatory for Crime and Criminal Law Response (ONDRP), there were a total of 117,000 of these crimes recorded in January, 12.4 percent less than in January 2014.
Are you ready to open your mind? are you ready to embrace the power of the cosmos?
So this deck is my most recent obsession, in large part because I can't believe I have built a functioning The Professor: Keeper of Knowledge deck.
The title is because there are so many cards that reference magic in this deck including: Reaver, Rebirth, Baba Yaga, Faerie, Yog.0 which is a reference to the silver key, Imp, Medium, Progenitor, Sahasrara.
With all this magic the The Professor: Keeper of Knowledge must be the Sorcerer Supreme.
I have upgraded this deck from Tier 2 to Tier 1.5. A bold claim I know but bear with me here.
Every single turn with this deck is either a race or a puzzle. In most games my opponent will get to 4 or 5 points with me at 2 as I race to set up and then I lock them and there is no way for them to win. You need to trigger Reaver on both turns every turn if you can. Clickless draws are critical.
I say its a puzzle because you have to know what to pawn and how to advance your board state while maintaining pressure. It took me a while but with some tips from some top tier players I think I am a sorcerer now. In the late game its all about maintaining remote threat and RD pressure with Progenitor and Medium so agendas pile up in HQ where there will likely be 1-2 ice.
EVENTS
Diesel Gives you flames. Cast fireball.
Levy AR Lab Access Helps you reset the clock if you drew all your sweet one ofs in the wrong order. Also lets you drive home the misery when you have someone Clot locked and they finally purge through the Sacrificial Construct. Rarely used except against net damage and and aggressive purgers
Rebirth: This card is so strong in professor its crazy. Who to pick is not easy and largely dependent on a good read of the current board and where both boards are going. If I need to maintain money to beat traces and its early I pick Kate "Mac" McCaffrey: Digital Tinker, if its early and I need to set up fast to keep pace with a corp its Hayley Kaplan: Universal Scholar, If I am set up and they have multisub barriers on the outside I pick Rielle "Kit" Peddler: Transhuman, if its late and I have already levy'd then its Ele "Smoke" Scovak: Cynosure of the Net, If I lost any pawned memchips to Chronos or ark lockdown then its Chaos Theory: Wünderkind.
Scavenge was a suggestion from @spags which is such a lifesaver as a one of. It enables me to save my Clone Chip for setting up and then scavenge something to trigger Reaver to reinstall clot after the Sacrificial Construct go down. It also lets me put my breakers down early to contest remotes and then reinstall them to host on Baba Yaga.
HARDWARE
Akamatsu Mem Chip Goes down easy and pawns real smooth in a pinch for draw and money. That guy Aesop needs to work on his haggling.
Astrolabe helps you accelerate while giving easy memory. If people wanna play some FIHP bullshit you can let them go, all they are doing is helping you set up and lock them down.
Clone Chip Hey kids, the professor can't go below 1 influence so pack that deck with clones. Set up fast, activate Reaver on your opponents turn. Gotta go fast. SMC is the most common target, with Cache and Parasite in second/third.
CyberSolutions Mem Chip Was another @spags suggestion. It enables me to go full big rig against glacier and also frees me up to pawn the Akamatsu Mem Chip if I drew in good order and my daemons kept the MU count low.
RESOURCES
I love Aesop's Pawnshop, I really do. It has probably been my favorite resource since the core set because it suits the way I like to play. I like to include a lot of situation tools or temporary cards, Aesop's makes those cards better by giving you a return on their installations later. This concept is illustrated in the Hayley Pitchfork builds or the pre-MWL Noise builds. However, the fact that the Professor does not pay influence for Reaver increases the return on a toolbox deck from 3c to 3c AND clickless draw! Anyone who has played shaper knows that slow set ups is what costs you games. Even though shaper has the best tutors, you still need to draw them. Most of the draw cards you have are expensive (Professional Contacts. Quality Time). You start your turn + 3 creds and +1 card with a full compliment of clicks. ALWAYS HOLD AN EXTRA COPY, if you lose this its GG.
Beth Kilrain-Chang since you are letting corps try to race you early for most of the game this will be either a free card or a free click (which is a more flexible draw)
Film Critic Keeps New Angeles City Hall alive so you don't get your set up ruined by 24/7 or regular Breaking News BS. Also, I am terrible at PSI games and I hate taking fetal damage.
The answer to all questions about how this deck deals with X is Sacrificial Construct. How does this deck deal with Best Defense? Sac con. How does this deck deal with FA? Sac Con. How does this deck deal with Batty? Sac Con. How does this deck deal with applying pressure and being forced to use Faerie before its on Baba Yaga? Sac con. I had three and I might go back. The card does a tremendous amount of work in this build. However, the only thing I can cut is Harbinger.
Same Old Thing Makes it so you can recur Scavenge or Levy AR Lab Access. Its there to keep me safe from net damage trashing levy. If I don't need to use it I pawn it for 3c and a card. #value
Technical Writer is a doomsday clock ticking during your set up. Corps watch these quickly climb as you install your pieces for net of zero cost with Sahasrara and Scheherazade and know the lock is coming. What usually happens is when I am ready to flick the switch I install the last breaker or two on Baba and then use a tech writer to gain 15 + credits and immediately hit each server I can to force the corp to tear through all their cash.
SPELLS... I mean PROGRAMS
If you are a planes-walking sorcerer you need some magic using friends. Baba Yaga is a pretty terrifying friend to have. She gains the paid ability of everything you host but none of the card text. This is important because it means Baba does not have the central only restriction of Breach, the trash after use text of Faerie or the set strength of Yog.0. What she does get is the ability to spend 0 credits breaking all subs on codegates and sentries and the ability to either boost 2 for 4 STR with breach and to hit odd number STRs using the 1 for 1 STR of Faerie.
Baba Yaga becomes your lock. You can get anywhere incredibly cheap making no remote safe with Imp and using the combo of Progenitor and Medium to have a permanent RDI that can get to back to 5 accesses every turn. As an example, people are fond of the unique Fairchild right now, this rig breaks that ice for 4 credits. 2x 2c for 4 STR to get to 8 and then Yog.0 breaks all subs for zero. It also breaks the ubiquitous Fairchild 3.0 for 3c. It breaks DNA tracker for 4 instead of the 7 that it costs Gordian Blade and ichi 1.0 is 2C to break.
Breach gives the primary strength boost and the only source of inefficiency in the deck in the form of its 2 for 3 subs barrier break.
Faerie gets a lot better when it never trashes. This deck breaks Archer for 4 credits.
MKUltra is my emergency killer but also...my primary late game econ. In the late game I will pawn this every turn for three credits and a card. Run a server with a sentry, reinstall it for free with Sahasrara onto Scheherazade, gaining one. I will break it with the Baba rig and then repawn it the next turn. So if there is any sentry on a server you want to run you get 4 credits and a card each turn for zero clicks.
So Yog.0 is really expensive and it can't even break the most popular code gates anymore! unless you can use dark sorcery to make it any strength you need it be. Yog.0 is the primary source of efficiency in this deck. Most taxing ice in the current meta is codegates and this deck shreds them.
Cache Makes money and makes your Reaver draws off Clone Chip even more profitable.
Clot is you dark master in this deck, you protect this card with your life. You recur it at all costs. I have trashed breakers to get this back on the board. You can always get things back but agendas have to be in servers for you to steal them. It is crushing when you Rebirth into Hayley Kaplan: Universal Scholar and they forgot your ability and as they FA you Clone Chipa Cache and piggy back clot into play from your hand. 10/10 would summon again.
D4v1d is my Turing breaker. The rig is strong enough to break anything else but it can't break Turing.
Harbinger 7 (Scheherazade) credits and 2 draws for no cost. Seems good.
Imp is really good at trashing expensive things while setting up like SanSan grid or Crisium without taxing you any dollars. Also pawns well.
Medium is your pressure, its your Magic Missile, it always hits the target with your cheap rig and it makes people freak out.
Parasite is for resistors and wraparounds so I don't have to pay 2c for them. It also is my swordsman removal tool.
Progenitor Saves you MU for Medium or Imp and makes one counter purge proof which is really damn good. Cleansing can't affect our magic!
Reaver is the core of this deck. Anytime you trash a card you draw. Your card, corp card, any card. Fire it early and often. Mulligan for it.
Sahasrara was the jank card I had the hardest time getting used to. However, after I started treated it as my second priority after Reaver I found my games going a lot better. With Technical Writer and Scheherazade and most of my pieces being 2 or 3 c it makes everything you install a net profit on TW.
Scheherazade has been discussed a lot already, put stuff on it and get an effective price reduction.
Self-modifying Code will fly on and off the board as you grab your toolbox pieces. If you can try to fire them on your opponent's turn so you get a Reaver draw.
CONCLUSION
Try the deck, its not for everyone but It's definitely not bad and its definitely the most fun I have had playing runner.
Wednesday, the Detroit Lions met up with the Pittsburgh Steelers on the practice field again in preparation for their preseason matchup on Friday. With nearly 180 players on the three different fields at one time, there was a lot going on. Here's a quick recap of what the media saw from Wednesday's practice.
Rafael Bush was back and impressive
Bush did not initially travel with the team to Pennsylvania because his wife was in labor. After traveling to Charlotte to witness the birth of his new daughter on Tuesday, Bush was back with the team on Wednesday. “A lot of teammates were like ‘Yo, you should have taken another day,'” Bush said to reporters after practice. “You know, it's business. My wife understands.”
And Bush took care of business on Wednesday. As the leading candidate to take over the starting strong safety spot on the roster, Bush solidified his status against the Steelers. Dave Birkett of the Detroit Free Press called Bush “the Lions' best defensive back” on Wednesday. Bush reportedly picked off Ben Roethlisberger once and almost a nabbed a second interception later in the day.
TJ Jones was back in action
Although the Lions were without Darius Slay and lost Jon Bostic to a serious-looking injury, they got one guy back in return. TJ Jones, who was seen limping on Tuesday, was back on the practice field Wednesday. According to Mike Rothstein of ESPN, he “wasn't spotted doing much at all.” The Lions may just be easing him into practice, so don't be surprised if he sits out the first preseason game.
Darrin Walls continues to shine
With Slay out, it was Walls who had to step up to the plate, and by most reports, he did exactly that. Rothstein noted that Walls took the majority of the first-team reps, while Birkett saw Crezdon Butler get a fair share of snaps with the starters. However, both believed that Walls held his own in the starting position.
Walls has quietly had one of the most impressive training camps among the Lions' secondary. This comes as great news for the Lions, who were perceived to have little-to-no depth beyond their starters. If Walls continues on this trajectory, he could return to his 2014 form, when he started 12 games for the Jets and grabbed two interceptions and had 12 passes defended.
Tight end update
It was no surprise seeing Eric Ebron on the sidelines again on Wednesday, but the two men who stepped up in his place appear to be proving their worth. The Cole Wick Hype Train continued chugging along on Wednesday, as the rookie tight end made a head-turning catch at camp:
Not that I want to fuel the Cole Wick hype train, but he just made a brilliant one-handed catch — Kyle Meinke (@kmeinke) August 10, 2016
Wick appears to be headed into the first preseason game as the Lions' No. 1 tight end. As Mike O'Hara pointed out, Wick is not only being trusted to catch the ball, but he was with the No. 1 team in running drills, as well.
However, the best (healthy) blocking tight end on the roster is Matthew Mulligan, according to Birkett:
Matthew Mulligan is clearly the best blocker of the group. He locked up linebacker Steven Johnson in one rep and is strong as an ox.
Mulligan went undrafted in 2008, but has been an NFL journeyman since, landing on 11 different teams in just nine years. That experience gives him a huge edge over the other four healthy tight ends on the roster, three of which are undrafted rookies. At this point in time, Mulligan seems like the 1B to Wick's 1A.
Story highlights Spokesman: A U.S. Air Force C-17 flew the ex-detainees to Afghanistan
Repatriation part of U.S. "commitment to close" Gitmo, U.S. envoy says
Afghanistan will help "reintegrate these former detainees," U.S. embassy says
Guantanamo Bay has held nearly 800 detainees; there are now 132
The U.S. government continues to shrink its ranks of Guantanamo Bay detainees, announcing Saturday that four more have been repatriated -- this time to Afghanistan.
The Defense Department identified them as Shawali Khan, Khi Ali Gul, Abdul Ghani and Mohammed Zahir. The U.S. Air Force C-17 carrying them arrived in Afghanistan around 6 a.m. Saturday (10 p.m. ET Friday), Pentagon spokesman Lt. Colonel Myles Caggins told CNN.
An administration official told CNN the four detainees are not expected to face further detainment in Afghanistan.
In a statement, the U.S. Embassy in Kabul expressed appreciation to the Afghan government -- which, since September, has been led by President Ashraf Ghani -- "for helping to reintegrate these former detainees."
"We have full confidence in the Afghan government's ability to mitigate any threats these individuals may pose and to ensure that they are given humane treatment," the embassy said.
The move was also made to further President Barack Obama's goal of drawing down the number of those held at the U.S. naval base in southeastern Cuba, something that has been ongoing for years.
"This repatriation reflects the Defense Department's continued commitment to closing the detention facility at Guantanamo in a responsible manner," said Paul Lewis, the Pentagon's special envoy for the closure of Guantanamo.
132 now being held at Guantanamo
The departures of these four Afghan men means that, as of Saturday, 132 people are still detained at Guantanamo.
This is down significantly from the numbers soon after the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, when the facility widely known as Gitmo was repurposed to hold detainees from the "war on terror."
JUST WATCHED Former Guantanamo detainee on torture Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Former Guantanamo detainee on torture 01:18
JUST WATCHED McCain offers hope that Gitmo could be closed Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH McCain offers hope that Gitmo could be closed 01:29
JUST WATCHED Six guantamos detainees released Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Six guantamos detainees released 02:05
The administration of then-President George W. Bush claimed that, since Gitmo detainees weren't held on American soil, they could be considered " enemy combatants " and be denied some legal protections. Almost all of the nearly 800 detainees were held without charges.
This legal limbo, as well as allegations of torture and other mistreatment, spurred criticism of Gitmo. Shortly after his 2009 inauguration, President Barack Obama signed an executive order to close the detention facility within a year.
Some worry ex-detainees will engage in terrorism
That didn't happen.
One reason was because of strong opposition from lawmakers, many of them Republicans, who cited the risk of freeing men who had fought to kill Americans.
About 17% of the 620 Gitmo detainees released -- most of them during Bush's presidency -- went on to engage in terrorist activities, a September semiannual report from the director of national intelligence found. Another 12% are suspected of having engaged in terrorist or insurgent activities.
Still, the number of detainees has steadily gone down, including six transferred to the government of Uruguay earlier this month. Four of these were Syrians, one was Tunisian and the sixth was Palestinian, according to Rear Adm. John Kirby, press secretary for the Pentagon.
Uruguayan President Jose Mujica said on his website December 5, "We have offered our hospitality for humans suffering a heinous kidnapping in Guantanamo(.) The unavoidable reason is humanitarian."
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers, R-Michigan, said this and other releases by Obama's administration are dangerous, claiming many nations that receive former detainees aren't up for the job and that these countries don't stop them from rejoining the fight.
"We knew that was going to happen," Rogers told CNN. "That's why those of us who were trying to do the review of this were so concerned, because they were so interested in getting them out, that they forgot to do the due diligence -- I think -- that would allow them to at least protect those that were going to go back into the fight, from getting back into the fight."
Embassy: Transfer shows U.S. supports reconciliation
While they came from many countries, many Guantanamo detainees were captured during the U.S.-led military fight against al Qaeda and its Taliban allies in Afghanistan. It's been rare for them to be sent back there, especially given some diplomatic discord and concerns about the country's security situation.
The American military's future in Afghanistan had been uncertain, too, amid contentious talks involving former President Hamid Karzai. The countries signed a security agreement soon after Ashraf Ghani took office. While the U.S. military won't participate in combat operations in Afghanistan, some U.S. troops will remain there into 2015 and beyond as part of the deal.
The U.S. Embassy in Kabul expressed hope that the latest transfer can mark "a step forward in strengthening relations between the two countries and can provide an opportunity for greater confidence among Afghans to engage in political dialogue to end the violence in their country. "
The statement backed an "Afghan-led reconciliation" that includes "all opposition groups, including the Taliban."
"As part of the outcome of any reconciliation process, the Taliban and other armed groups must end violence, break ties with (al Qaeda) and accept Afghanistan's constitution, including its protections for women and minorities," the embassy said. "This transfer demonstrates U.S. support for such a reconciliation process."
My editor asked me to write a cover story for The Independent! She doesn't even realise that I'm a crummy writer....
Hang on, let's try again.
Wow, I can't believe a national newspaper asked little old me to write a big story for it!
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles, events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month
Say hello to the humblebrag. As in those two sentences, the humblebrag is when someone, possibly unconsciously, manages to show off about something while simultaneously couching it in terms of self deprecation – at least enough to give the impression that the author doesn't believe the hype. (Incidentally, there's actually a good humblebrag in the song "Don't Believe the Hype", when Public Enemy's Chuck D raps: "Some claim that I'm a smuggler, some say 'I never heard of ya'.")
The ubiquity of Facebook-status updates and – particularly – Twitter messages have made the humblebrag the de facto method of choice for those wanting to share their achievements with as many people as possible, often in lieu of having anything else to say.
Indeed, the worst offenders tend to be celebrities followed by tens of thousands of people on Twitter, who have a lot to brag about but maintain enough self-awareness not to wantonly show off about the luck that has befallen them. (There are exceptions. See: West, Kanye.) Outright showing off is much harder to do online than in real life. Without the nuance that body language affords, a post about how wonderful of a time you had at the gifting area of the Emmy awards is likely to attract a considerable amount of opprobrium, rather than conspiratorial giggling.
So, adding a rejoinder about how you're in the gifting room in your sweaty gym shorts, or without make-up, or despite not being able to string a sentence together due to tooth surgery, will hopefully give an impression of awareness of the superficiality of such a situation. Here's a particular clanger from the US writer John Moe: "The fact that Wikipedia lists me as a notable alumnus of my college speaks of the reliability of crowd-sourced information."
That said, it's not just celebrities minor to major filling up bandwidth with humblebrags – we're all prone to it. Being able to instantly publish and share can tempt even the most modest to fire off a message such as "I can't believe it's three years since I graduated from Harvard" or "considering I didn't learn to cook until six months ago, this lasagne is DEE-LICIOUS" without thinking too much about how it looks.
The man making sure that the most egregious humblebrags are shared with the world is the US comedy writer Harris Wittels. Wittels works on cult comedy hits Parks and Recreation and Eastbound and Down but has devoted hours of his spare time making sure that no backhanded self-deprecation can pass unmarked.
Wittels set up the @humblebrag Twitter account (and an email address for people to grass humblebraggers up on) in the summer of 2010, to snare humblebrags and, hopefully, remind users of the social network that it's perhaps best used as a forum for sharing news, ideas and analysis, rather than the fact that Brett Davern (who?) got "recognised at the grocery store in the same T-shirt I wore at the VMAs".
The Humblebrag feed, which simply retweets any glaring humblebrags, has since accumulated more than 100,000 followers and earned Wittels a monthly column with the ESPN-owned brainy sports and culture web magazine Grantland, in which he ranks the greatest Humblebraggers.
Wittels himself defined the phenomenon in the first Humblebrag Power List back in June: "A humblebrag is basically a specific type of bragging which masks the brag in a faux-humble guise. The false humility allows the offender to boast their 'achievements' without any sense of shame or guilt. Unfortunately/fortunately, humblebragging is very commonly used in our society and for some reason Twitter seems to be the perfect forum for people to do it."
As well as celebrities like Oprah Winfrey and Tila Tequila, the winner of three of the four Humblebrag Power Lists so far is the decidedly non-famous Totes McGotes (not his real name, it's a line from the movie I Love You, Man), a man who lives in southern California, seems to have a fairly successful business and is clearly the greatest humblebragger on the internet. Here are some of the examples that Wittels listed at Grantland: "I love that my non-college attending, growing-up-ghetto ass is talking $2.4m (£1.5m) ad budgets with a client today. #NoExcuses."
"I just realised I've only showered in ONE of my FIVE showers since I've moved in here. This must change #totesproblems."
"Told the cpl renting my house in the Midwest, who both lost their jobs last month, not to worry about Nov/Dec rent. They have a little boy."
Amazing. Wittels' commentary makes McGotes even funnier: "He is a bottomless pit of humblebragging, and I love him for it. A lot of people talk trash to Totes on Twitter for his humblebraggery, but I say leave him alone. I want to see him in his natural habitat, like an animal in the wild – not tampered with by man."
The whole idea of the humblebrag is obviously just a bit of fun, a light-hearted poke at the commonly held perception of social media and Twitter, in particular, as being devices solely for narcissist twaddling.
But the humblebrag betrays a serious point. Studies and books written over the last few years – including The Narcissism Epidemic: Living in the Age of Entitlement by Jean Twenge and W Keith Campbell – have made strong arguments for social media facilitating a growth in narcissism through the mechanics of the sites. Humblebragging is the outlier on a spectrum that ranges from people tweeting about their day to posting pictures of their new clothes. Wittels' humblebrag device is a minor, if very funny, check on why we're sharing in the way that we're sharing.
That said, most people who use Twitter acknowledge its genuine ability to act as a tool for social change (among other things).
And by highlighting the lack of humility, accidental or not among Twitter users, it reminds all of us that what we're saying is not necessarily being read in the way we intended it – and that no one likes a show-off. Even a humble one.
Classic humblebrags
It's really weird being friends with famous people. You hardly ever get to see them and you have to schedule times to hang-out a week ahead.
Argh! just seen someone sitting opposite me on train is reading my book. Quite embarrassed. Watching for signs of enjoyment. He's frowning.
Got told I look like Jessica Alba today? #Iamsoconfused #yeahright #iwish #thanksforloweringmyselfesteem
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen the lady in the gas station compliments your abs then asks to touch them.......
In NYC in my bum clothes, and I've honestly never been hit on by so many guys in 1 day. I must be ovulating, or something.
Owning a house...not a condo...is ALOT of work. mom and dad...i have so much more respect for what u did raising us in a home now. Damn
Remember when limos were cool? Now they're pretty lame!! Every time I ride in one I feel corny... Glad it's 3:30 am
Need to head to the golf course. Stressed about invite to Justin Timberlake's Charity Golf event
My cab driver just asked me if I am a famous actress. Guess that means I look half decent for this early on a Sunday.
Ha. My billboard in times square. Crazy how I worked here 15 years ago and now I have a billboard. So cool
Just gave 100 dollars to the homeless man I see every day here in Vancouver. Irrational kindness does feel really really good
The most hilarious question I get in email: "what is your speaking fee?" I should be paying *you* to listen to me
It's always weird when u driving in a car – and they Shout u out randomly on the radio...especially in another city
I am the Cate Blanchett of saying one line in my friends' movies and TV shows.
When I wake up I gotta text back 30 different people!!
Signing photos of myself never ceases being a strange & awkward experience.
It's flattering that when I feel like I look my absolute worst, I get asked out at the farmers market. #Irony
A patient grabbed my bicep today and made some comment about muscles. It was a little awkward.
If you could ask a US president a question in confidence, what would it be? (Don't be a dummy like me and ask for his tie!)
Wow, honoured: @FastCompany's 50 most influential designers in America includes ME for some reason.
After the Humblebrag: Other Twitter etiquette to consider
If you're going to show off, don't fudge it as a humblebrag. Follow Kanye West's lead and do things like taking pictures of all your gold jewellery while going through airport security.
Don't retweet praise, especially if you're famous, unless it's coated in a thick layer of irony. This is easier said than done.
Take care when Tweeting that it's your birthday. There's a fine line between spreading the joy and looking a bit needy.
Don't take pictures of your kids doing silly things. They haven't given you permission. And imagine what they'll be able to do you on Facebook in 2046.
Give credit where credit's due; if someone posts a great link, acknowledge it with a HT for hat-tip (of course, so slippery is Twitter discourse that original posters often slip out of the online chain).
Non-celebrities! Don't spend your day sending @ replies to celebrities' tweets. That's not really the point.
Celebrities! Don't just follow the five co-stars of your last film. If you're on Twitter to promote your work you need to engage with the crowd. Or else, make your profile a private one.
Don't send tweets that are better served by email – no one else cares if your housemate wants a cup of tea.
Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) took aim at the current political environment, including apparent veiled swipes at President Trump, during a speech on Monday night.
"We have to fight against propaganda and crackpot conspiracy theories. We have to fight isolationism, protectionism, and nativism. We have to defeat those who would worsen our divisions," McCain said at the Brigade of Midshipmen at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Md.
The Senate Armed Services Committee chairman added that "we have to remind our sons and daughters that we became the most powerful nation on earth by tearing down walls, not building them."
I believe in Americans and the American dream, but it's time we wake up. pic.twitter.com/QmSIqP0TEs — John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) October 30, 2017
McCain, who is battling brain cancer, didn't directly name Trump during his speech, which was largely focused on serving the country. But his remarks mirrored some of his criticism of the administration and a strain of nationalism embodied by Trump's campaign rhetoric.
Comparing the current state of nation to the early 1990s, which he described as "hopeful," the 81-year-old senator argued that it was "time to wake up."
Murdoch scandal spreads
Britain's police chief resigns over relations with News International
By Chris Marsden
18 July 2011
Britain's senior police officer, Sir Paul Stephenson, has been forced to resign in the latest turn in the expanding scandal over phone hacking and other illegal acts by British media outlets owned by Rupert Murdoch. Stephenson stepped down after the arrest of Neil Wallis further exposed the corrupt relations between Murdoch's media empire and the London Metropolitan Police.
Wallis was the deputy editor of Murdoch's News of the World under Andy Coulson (the former press spokesman for Prime Minister David Cameron) and the newspaper's executive editor after 2007. Stephenson said in resigning that his links to Wallis could hamper investigations.
In 2009, Wallis left News International, the umbrella company controlling Murdoch's media operations in Britain. He joined the PR firm Outside Organisation and became its managing director in 2010. But Wallis also maintained his own PR company, Chamy Media, which was retained by the Metropolitan Police from October 2009 until September 2010 to "provide strategic communication advice and support." He was paid £24,000 for two days work a month, equivalent to £1,000 a day.
As part of the contract, Wallis advised the commissioner's office, the Directorate of Public Affairs and Specialist Operations. He worked closely with Assistant Commissioner John Yates “at a time when [Commissioner Paul] Stephenson and Yates were trying to persuade the Guardian that its coverage of the phone-hacking scandal was exaggerated and unwarranted,” the Observer writes.
The New York Times in a front-page article published Sunday alleges that Wallis was "reporting back" to News International during this period. The newspaper asserts that he was “hired by Scotland Yard [the Metropolitan Police] to provide strategic media advice on phone-hacking matters to the police commissioner, among others.”
Wallis' contract as police adviser was cancelled less than six months before the launch of Operation Weeting, the name of the second investigation into phone hacking at News International. Chamy Media now appears to be defunct.
It was Yates who made the decision, reportedly after carrying out a review in July 2009 lasting just eight hours, not to reopen the initial 2006 inquiry into phone hacking by News of the World. He famously stated that less than a dozen people had been subjected to hacking, despite being in possession of evidence of a list of possibly 4,000 victims, described during the initial investigation as “a vast number.”
Yates repeatedly played down the scale of the crimes, contrasting hundreds of “potential targets” with a supposedly “far smaller number of individuals" actually targeted. He stated publicly that former deputy prime minister John Prescott's phone had not been hacked, when there was clear evidence that it had, and claimed that all victims had been contacted, when most had not.
The Guardian noted that during this time the former assistant commissioner who had headed the original inquiry, Andy Hayman, was working for News International as a columnist for the Times. In one of his columns, Hayman wrote that while there may have been hundreds of potential victims, “there was a small number—perhaps only a handful—where there was evidence they had actually been tampered with.”
The Observer reports that Wallis first met Yates around the time he became editor of the People, in 1998. Working under Wallis at the time was James Weatherup, the News of the World journalist arrested in April this year, and Ian Edmondson, the News of the World's former head of news, who was also arrested that same month.
Wallis is believed to have set up the Police Bravery Awards alongside the Police Federation during his time working for Murdoch's Sun. The Daily Mirror also states that he may have been “instrumental in hiring former Met [Metropolitan Police] chief Lord Stephens on a retainer for News of the World as guest columnist, The Chief.”
There is a mountain of evidence on the long history of Wallis' connections with the Met and those of the News of the World as a whole.
News of the World royal reporter Clive Goodman and private investigator Glenn Mulcaire were arrested on August 8, 2006 for hacking the phones of members of the royal family. There was supposedly an ongoing investigation as to whether anyone else was involved. But Wallis, the deputy editor of the newspaper, shared a meal with Stephenson and Scotland Yard's PR man, Dick Fedorcio, less than a month after Goodman and Mulcaire were jailed.
Stephenson has acknowledged 24 meetings with representatives of News International, 18 of which were lunches or other meals. The Observer also reports that Stephenson admitted to having dined with Wallis eight times between 2006 and 2009, but “also, crucially, met him up to five times privately in the last two years.”
Stephenson was provided a free five-week stay at Champneys health spa in Tring, Hertfordshire by managing director Stephen Purdew. Wallis was in charge of the company that promoted Champneys. The holiday is estimated to have been worth £12,000.
Yates' own relations with Wallis have been described as a “12-year friendship.” Yet he has formally admitted to just five meals with News International representatives in the last few years, including when Operation Weeting was ongoing. In November 2009, shortly after his decision not to reopen the investigation, Yates dined with News of the World editor Colin Myler and crime editor Lucy Panton.
Neither Stephenson nor Yates revealed the fact that Wallis had been employed by the Met when they testified at a hearing of the home affairs select committee last week, leading an unnamed MP to tell the Observer, “We were assured that Yates and Stephenson weren't taking money from the journalists. What we didn't know was that the journalists were taking money from the cops.”
The Met has been accused of using its relations with News International to leak information and to champion its demands for greater repressive powers.
Hayman was the former head of counterterrorism at the Met and led the demand for police to be able to detain people for 90 days without trial on “anti-terror” grounds. It was on his watch that the innocent young Brazilian worker Jean Charles de Menezes was executed by police in July 2005, and another innocent man was shot during an “anti-terror” raid in June 2006.
The de Menezes family have said there is evidence they were targeted for hacking by News of the World. The phone number of Jean Charles' cousin, Alex Pereira, was amongst documents belonging to Mulcaire.
The family has written to Prime Minister Cameron, asking him to extend the remit of the phone hacking inquiry to establish whether police officers involved in the de Menezes investigation were leaking information to the press—either for financial benefit or to prop up the reputation of Scotland Yard.
The letter notes that the Stockwell 2 investigation of the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) into the de Menezes killing had scrutinised “the practice of police off-the-record briefings to the media.” It states that the IPCC “found that Andy Hayman had deliberately 'misled the public' over claims the person who had been shot dead by the police on 22 July 2005 was one of the four men who were being sought in connection with the attempted bombings of the previous day.”
The letter continues: "Recent coverage of the police's role in investigating allegations of phone hacking, including Mr. Hayman's evidence to the home affairs select committee, has highlighted his close relationship with News International, including potential financial links. We are conscious that the newspapers owned by News International provided some of the most virulent and often misleading coverage around Jean's death and its aftermath."
The New York Times has noted regarding Hayman's initial investigation into Goodman and Mulcaire in 2006 that on August 8, 2006, Scotland Yard officers arrived with a search warrant at News of the World, but limited their search to Goodman's desk. Mulcaire and Goodman were arrested that same day, with no attempt made to probe further into the News of the World.
In December 2009, Met Commander Ali Dizaei—the Metropolitan Police's most senior Muslim officer and an Iranian—accepted compensation and an apology from News of the World for running false allegations on March 15 of that year that he "employed an illegal immigrant as his right-hand man and took him to the heart of the British establishment."
From 2000, Dizaei had been investigated by the Met for taking bribes and spying for Iran. The most expensive operation ever mounted against a single officer in the history of Scotland Yard was also overseen by Hayman.
Dizaei was suspended on January 28, 2001 and charged with perverting the course of justice and misconduct in public office. A jury cleared him on September 15, 2003.
An Investigatory Powers Tribunal, headed by Lord Morris, concluded that the operation against Dizaei was “disproportionate” and racially motivated—the first time in British legal history that the reasons used by the police or security services to justify phone tapping have been found to be unlawful.
Hayman was also accused in an inquiry by Chief Surveillance Commissioner Christopher Rose of responsibility for the illegal bugging in 2005 and 2006 of British Muslim MP Sadiq Khan during his meetings with constituency member Baber Ahmed, who was at the time under detention at Woodhill Prison while fighting extradition to the United States.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Boxer Tyson Fury has become embroiled in a doping investigation, we can reveal.
The world heavyweight champ is being probed by officials after traces of a banned anabolic steroid were allegedly discovered in a sample taken last year.
If found guilty of doping, he could lose his three world title belts and face a lengthy ban.
But Fury has denied the allegation with his promoter Hennesy Sports stating they were "baffled" by the story.
Experts are understood to have found unacceptable levels of nandrolone in a sample taken before he won the world title from Wladimir Klitschko.
Positive effects of the drug, naturally occurring in the body, include muscle growth.
His cousin Hughie, a fellow heavyweight boxer, also allegedly tested positive for the substance.
Both Fury, 27, and his cousin have denied any ­wrongdoing.
Test samples understood to have been taken between February and March last year, ahead of Fury's first bout with the former champ, sparked the probe by UK Anti-Doping officials.
It is understood Fury and his cousin then attended a meeting in September, when he was told the levels of the steroid found were higher than the body would naturally produce.
(Image: Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach)
But the officials insisted they wanted to investigate further.
Fury is expected to be brought before an independent panel alongside his cousin to explain why high traces of the substances were allegedly found.
It is understood the British Boxing Board of Control has been made aware of the situation and will await the inquiry's outcome before deciding what action to take.
Tyson Fury
Sophie Ashcroft of UK Anti-Doping said: “UK Anti-Doping does not discuss or disclose details of any cases until due legal process has been completed.”
(Image: Reuters)
Fury has spoken of a need to crack down on drugs in boxing. In November, he said: “Boxing has a big problem with drugs. But it doesn't bother me because at the end of the day it's about determination.”
BBBoC chief Robert Smith said he did not agree there was a “major problem” in the sport.
Fury revealed on Friday he had been forced to postpone his July 9 rematch with Klitschko, who he beat last November, due to ankle injury.
His promoter Mick Hennessy says: “There is no way we could let Tyson fight a man like Klitschko when anything less than 100 per cent fit.”
"Shoot first, ask questions later."
That was the motto of the Texas Rangers, the once volunteer paramilitary force that helped maintain order in the 1800s through a very loose interpretation of the law. They were responsible for the mass murder of Mexicans and native Tejanos, victims of racial profiling who were served "justice" without due process.
This is how Anglo Texans were able to settle and cede so much Texas land so quickly in the early days of the republic. Remember James Dean's protests in Giant?
Iconized by the Lone Ranger, John Wayne, and more recently, Walker, Texas Ranger; we equate Texas Rangers with heroic and patriotic duty, not genocide.
But there are new Rangers in town, this time in Arizona, and the target of this new proto-police force is the same - Mexicans and anyone who fits the profile. They are Sheriff Joe Arpaio's Immigration Posse, a legal version of the Minutemen, also a volunteer force with the same agenda: put an end to undocumented immigration.
During President Barack Obama's inaugural address, he again called for immigration reform. A bipartisan group of senators called the "Gang of Eight", including Arizona Republicans John McCain and Jeff Flake, are charged with coming up with a comprehensive plan.
Democrats are urging for one that includes a path to citizenship for 11 million undocumented immigrants while McCain and Flake have made public pronouncements that their chief concern is to step up border security.
Democrats and Republicans may not be able to strike a deal until governors of the border states agree there is enough security. The Obama administration already has reinforced border security. There are more US Border Patrol agents today than at any time in recent history.
Arizona immigration law:
Patty Culhane reports from Washington
But for Arizona figures like Governor Jan Brewer and Sheriff Arpaio of Maricopa Country, the self-described "toughest sheriff" in America, it will never be enough.
Arpaio started his immigration posse in 1993 to patrol mall parking lots during the holiday season when he said there was a spike in thefts. The posse soon graduated to immigration raids. Now Arpaio, in the wake of the mass shooting in Newtown, Connecticut, is organising his posse to patrol the schools.
This came after the National Rifle Association called for the placement of armed guards in public schools.
Arpaio will bring his brand of fear and suspicion to include anyone hanging around schools. This includes parents of every stripe waiting for their children in their cars.
They are after moms and dads and anyone "suspicious" hanging around a school, bringing yet another front to the war along the border. Now anyone is potentially suspicious, subject to profiling, and the violation of their civil liberties.
Arpaio and his posse already have a bad reputation for racial profiling, discriminatory practices, and unconstitutional searches and seizures. The sheriff has been sued by the US Justice Department for his methods.
This is just some of the collateral damage of using violence to secure the border.
The immigration posse is not paid but is insured by the state. This means that Arizonians will foot the bill for any mistake these untrained or barely trained armed guards make.
The parallels to the Minutemen, the Texas Rangers, and the immigration posse is not just forgotten, they are ignored. This is, after all, the state that bans a review of the very history that would help its citizenry recall the linkage between the Texas Rangers and the immigration posse. The vital history of the settlement of the state within the Southwest and the role of Native and Mexican-origin populations is exactly what is being outlawed as "ethnic studies".
The entire operation of border security - surveillance, apprehension, and deportation - overwhelms the legal system and costs taxpayers billions of dollars each year. And a free-floating security detail does not remedy the problem of gun violence and lax gun laws.
When violence occurs, we want immediate responses. We might be willing to overlook small details like due process or civil liberties. Faced with a threat, some would rather shoot first and ask questions later.
Camilla Fojas is the Vincent de Paul Professor of Latin American and Latino Studies and Global Asian Studies at DePaul University in Chicago. She is the author of Border Bandits: Hollywood on the Southern Frontier (University of Texas Press). This op-ed was written in association with The OpEd Project, which seeks to expand the range of opinion voices.
Construction will begin this summer to complete the circle walk at Bellevue's Downtown Park. But nearby merchants say the elimination of a parking lot will only make parking, already difficult, even worse.
On a recent sunny afternoon, Bellevue's Downtown Park filled with techies out for a break from their cubicles, East Indian and Japanese grandparents pushing strollers, and joggers moving alongside a cascading waterfall and skittish baby ducks.
With its gravel path, circular walk and tree-lined promenade, Bellevue's 21-acre park, between Bellevue Square and Old Bellevue, has been compared to New York City's Central Park and the old-world parks of Europe.
But a plan to complete its original 1984 circle design, including relocating a parking lot, is riling merchants and property owners with a new-world problem — adequate parking downtown.
Bellevue hasn't gone the route of Seattle and eliminated parking requirements for new construction in its urban center. It hasn't added pay meters or pricey hourly rates in Old Bellevue — the two-block stretch of Main Street lined with boutique shops and cafes in the historic heart of the city.
But last week, the Bellevue City Council, over the objections of some developers and restaurateurs, voted to go forward with completion of the final quadrant of Downtown Park, despite complaints that a larger park with a larger playground would only compound the existing parking problems in the neighborhood.
“Parking is really, really limited and it's limited all the time,” said Joe Vilardi, owner of the restaurant Bis On Main, who can fit 30 cars in the lot behind his building. He added free valet parking eight years ago, he said, so his customers wouldn't have to search for space.
Four new residential buildings with a total of 1,051 units are being built near the Old Bellevue neighborhood, and while they are required to have at least one parking stall per unit, business owners say they've lost existing parking to construction and worry about the increased traffic once the buildings are completed.
The city allows anyone to park in the Downtown Park's lots after 6 p.m., but the lot being eliminated is the one just a block from Main Street. The new expanded parking lot will be on the west side of the park, two blocks away.
“No one's going to walk,” said Vilardi, “especially at night.” He also blames the city for not requiring parking for businesses smaller than 1,500 square feet in existing buildings.
Bellevue leaders acknowledge that in some cases, city codes have made a bad situation worse.
“We have to own part of the problem,” said Councilmember Jennifer Robertson. “We've allowed new businesses to go in without requiring them to have new parking. We haven't been consistent across the city.”
No one, it seems, is against completing Downtown Park. Plans call for a new grand entryway with a water feature and a plaza on the south side facing Old Bellevue. A new expanded playground for children of all abilities will replace the existing play area. The circular path and canal will no longer dead end at a parking lot.
City officials say that while they are eliminating the parking lot closest to Old Bellevue, the expansion of the existing parking lot on 100th Avenue Northeast will result in a net loss of only five spaces.
In all, the park will have 194 parking spaces, said Patrick Foran, Bellevue parks director. Construction is scheduled to start soon after the Fourth of July, the city's biggest civic celebration, which fills Downtown Park with as many as 40,000 visitors.
Carl Vander Hoek, part of a family that has owned property in Old Bellevue for three generations, said he learned about plans to relocate the parking lot last fall, about the same time construction began on the four new residential buildings.
In September, Vander Hoek and the Old Bellevue Merchants Association proposed that a local improvement district be created, in partnership with the city, to build a parking garage in a corner of the park.
In a letter to the City Council, he said the existing parking doesn't accommodate current needs, much less future growth. The expanded, all-abilities playground at the park is likely to be a regional draw. And he said that at peak times, park visitors who can't find parking overflow into Old Bellevue and the surrounding neighborhoods of Enetai and Meydenbauer Bay.
“The city has grown since the park was built. Why isn't the parking at the park growing too?” he said.
City leaders held four meetings between October and January with the Bellevue Downtown Association, the Old Bellevue Merchants Association and the Vander Hoek Corp. to address the problem.
Pam Bissonnette, Bellevue's deputy city manager, said a May 2014 transportation study completed for the city concluded that existing parking isn't being used efficiently. The study recommended combining private and public parking, managing them together and providing better signage and marketing so shoppers can find it.
“Better parking management is a lot cheaper than building a new parking structure,” she said.
Other strategies to improve the parking supply might include paid meters to encourage turnover and parking impact fees to fund off-site parking options, according to the study. If parking remains a problem, the study said only then should more expensive solutions such as a parking garage be considered.
But a feasibility study to develop those options, Bissonnette said, would cost up to $80,000. She said the last meeting with the business leaders ended without any recommendation or even a consensus to continue meeting.
And no one in the private sector has stepped forward to share the costs of a feasibility study with the city.
Vander Hoek said he doesn't think it's fair to combine public and private parking and manage them as one.
“Tell me what that sounds like if you own a parking lot, pay taxes on it, and now have to share it with anybody who wants to park there?” he asked.
Patrick Bannon, president of the Bellevue Downtown Association, said there's broad agreement that a number of solutions should be considered. “There's not agreement on how best to move forward,” he said. “The city has said pretty clearly it will consider a public/private partnership, but on the private side, there has to be a coalition of the willing.”
City Council members say they were unwilling to hold up completion of Downtown Park, 30 years in waiting, in order to solve the parking issue.
“I understand the frustration with parking, but they're wanting to use the park to solve their Old Bellevue parking problems,” said Councilmember John Stokes. “If we keep adding parking to the park, there wouldn't be a park. It would all be parking.”
Correction: Information in this article, originally published April 21, 2015, was corrected April 22, 2015. A previous version of this story incorrectly described the parking exemption for businesses smaller than 1,500 square feet as applying to new construction.
Niantic Labs is reportedly planning a huge Pokémon Go update for December that will give players a lot of what they've been asking for.
The update will include more than 100 new normal and Legendary Pokémon, player-versus-player battles, raising your critters (like Tamagotchi pets, after the eggs hatch), and trading between players, according to an analysis of the hit mobile game's code by people associated with web scanner PokeVS. If true, that could set Pokémon Go for an explosive comeback during the critical holiday season. Among the new Legendary Pokémon is Mew and Mewtwo (the latter appeared as the enemy in the original Pokémon Go video in September 2015).
So far, only Ditto has been released. We can't be sure if the update will come all at once or over time, but the evidence is there. PokeVS showed before-and-after comparisons of the code that indicated where the updates are expected to be implemented. This code could change, but as it is, it shows what's coming.
Pokémon Go has already been the most successful mobile game in history, generating more than 500 million downloads and an estimated $600 million in revenues in its first 90 days after its launch in July. But the activity in the game has died down, and many players have stopped playing. That's in part because players wanted the updated features mentioned above in order to give them a reason to keep playing.
San Francisco-based Niantic hasn't commented on the possible update, but John Hanke, CEO of Niantic, has repeatedly said that all of those features — as well as real world events — are coming in the future. I would have thought those features would come slowly, one by one. But PokeVS claims that those features in the upcoming update. A spokesperson for Niantic said the “Gen 2” is coming as an update, but there's no more information than that.
PokeVS also provides tools to share Pokémon locations on social media, as well as a link to Google Maps that contain the exact location of each Pokémon creature, giving users the ability to find rare creatures.
Here's a list of all of the creatures that are expected to be available after the coming update goes live. The first 150 or so are already in the game, and the following 100 are new:
Syrian War Takes Rising Toll on Hezbollah
The powerful Iranian-backed Hezbollah militia is suffering mounting battlefield casualties in neighboring Syria, as Tehran's most important proxy plunges ever deeper into a potential quagmire.
With Hezbollah increasingly shouldering the burden of the war on behalf of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime, the Lebanese militia faces the risk of overextending itself and puncturing its carefully cultivated image as an invincible fighting force, according to U.S. and Mideast officials.
Hezbollah units are now spearheading the fight against opposition rebel groups while the faltering Syrian army plays a supporting role. Although the militia is highly secretive about the size of its footprint in Syria, Western officials and analysts believe it has roughly 6,000 to 8,000 fighters on the ground there.
The group also refuses to discuss its losses in Syria, but the numbers are substantial and on the rise. Since Hezbollah began taking part in full-fledged combat in Syria in 2013, officials and outside analysts estimate that roughly 700 to 1,000 fighters have been killed or wounded in battle, a substantial loss for the group.
The casualties in Syria could soon approach the tally from the militia's 1985-2000 war with Israel in southern Lebanon, in which 1,248 Hezbollah fighters were killed and at least a thousand wounded.
“There's no question the Syrian conflict is taking a toll on Hezbollah,” a U.S. intelligence official told Foreign Policy, echoing the assessments of several Mideast officials.
But the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said Hezbollah remains a resilient force. The militia has built up a vast arsenal of 40,000 rockets and missiles in Lebanon, including anti-ship and Scud missiles as well as surveillance drones.
The militia's experience in previous conflicts and “continued backing from Tehran underscore its ability to weather adversity,” the official said.
And Tehran could soon have more money and weaponry to relay to the group. If world powers and Iran clinch an agreement on the country's disputed nuclear program, Tehran would see relief from punitive economic sanctions, which could free up more funds for the fight in Syria, analysts said.
Iran would also be able to maintain, or increase, the roughly $6 billion it sends each year to Assad.
But it was unclear Thursday if marathon negotiations on a nuclear deal would produce a final agreement. During a break in the talks in Vienna, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said that crucial issues remain unresolved and that difficult decisions have to be confronted.
“One way or the other, those decisions must be taken very soon,” Kerry said.
For now, funerals are commonplace for Hezbollah militants killed in Syria, and local papers sometimes publish death notices honoring fallen “martyrs” in the war. Pro-Hezbollah websites recently mourned the death of a militia commander, Jamil Hussein Faqih, who reportedly was killed as he led Hezbollah militants near Idlib.
The casualty toll does not represent a crippling blow for the militia, but it does underscore the rising costs of an open-ended campaign for a regime that is gradually losing ground.
“Given Assad's setbacks, it wouldn't be surprising if he sought to leverage Hezbollah more aggressively, particularly to stem opposition gains near key sites or regions,” the intelligence official said.
Hezbollah initially sent out advisors to aid the Syrian army after the conflict erupted four years ago. But in June 2013, the group for the first time deployed combat forces that proved decisive in recapturing the city of al-Qusayr near Lebanon.
Initially concentrated along Syria's border with Lebanon, Hezbollah units are now operating over an increasingly wide area, including in the northwest in Idlib and Aleppo, in the south in Daraa, and even in central and eastern areas, analysts said.
“They've shown up in some places pretty far afield from the Lebanese border,” said Christopher Kozak, a research analyst focusing on Hezbollah at the Institute for the Study of War.
To the militia's followers, Hezbollah leaders have portrayed the campaign in Syria as a life-and-death defense of their bastion in Lebanon designed to prevent Sunni rebels from crossing the border to stage attacks closer to home.
Militia leaders have hailed operations over the past two months along the Qalamoun mountain range straddling the Syrian border as a success.
“We are killing terrorists, and we are protecting Lebanon and the villages in those areas from the same terrorists who are committing massacres across Iraq and Syria,” Hezbollah MP Nawwaf Moussawi told Foreign Policy in June.
But beyond Qalamoun, the results on the battlefield have been mixed.
Al-Nusra Front and other rebel groups have managed to repel offensives led by Hezbollah in Idlib, in Daraa, and near Aleppo, according to opposition activists and analysts.
In February, Hezbollah troops tried to clear out rebels who had encircled two Shiite villages north of Aleppo, but the operation — which was overseen by Iranian Revolutionary Guard advisors — ended in defeat, said Firas Abi Ali, an analyst with the London-based IHS Country Risk group.
“The Aleppo offensive really failed,” Abi Ali said.
Seth Jones, a former advisor to the U.S. military and now with the Rand Corp. think tank, said “the regime and its proxies, including Hezbollah, have lost ground in key areas and have suffered pretty serious casualties.”
With no end in sight and the Assad regime under assault on multiple fronts, the Syrian conflict poses a potential dilemma for Hezbollah and its Iranian patrons as they try to spread their influence across the Middle East.
For Hezbollah, Syria has long served as a conduit for arms deliveries from Iran and as a buffer, providing it “strategic depth” from its arch-foe, Israel.
But the Shiite militia has to balance its need to prevent a Sunni takeover in Syria with retaining combat-ready forces in southern Lebanon to take on Israel.
And the Iranian leadership is gambling that it can emerge victorious from a grinding war in Syria while maintaining large-scale military assistance for Shiite militias in Iraq and sustaining support for other groups, including Hamas in the Palestinian territories and Houthi rebels in Yemen.
“I think that the fear of mission creep is a concern for Hezbollah,” Kozak said.
The militia has tried to pursue its military objectives in a deliberate way in Syria, hoping to avoid unnecessary losses on the battlefield, he said.
“With the kind of methodical pace that they are moving at, they recognize they can't go full tilt and burn themselves out,” he said.
The militia this month has been concentrating combat power around Zabadani, the gateway to its heartland in southern Lebanon, partly as a hedge in case Assad falls, according to Bruce Riedel, a former CIA officer who served in the Middle East.
Losing the border town of Zabadani would be a massive setback for the militia, as the town lies along vital land routes that link up Hezbollah-controlled territory with Syria. In the past, Zabadani served as a logistical hub used to transport Iranian arms to the militia.
Iran, which backs Hezbollah as well as other Shiite foreign fighters in Syria, has doubled down on its gamble on the Syrian regime, expanding shipments of weaponry, ammunition, and other equipment.
Tehran also has deployed advisors from the country's Revolutionary Guard force closer to the front, and some have reportedly taken charge of some operations from Syrian army officers, analysts said.
Kozak said Tehran is facing a critical choice: continue using Hezbollah to shield Assad despite the group's losses or cut ties with its most important ally in the Arab world to preserve the militia's influence in Lebanon and ensure it remains prepared for a potential future conflict with Israel.
“They're running a high-risk, high-reward type of path right now,” he said. “If it gets to a point where the [Assad] regime looks like it is on its last legs, then Iran has a big decision to make.”
Photo credit: Sam Skaine/AFP/Getty Images
Recently I've been struggling with the most difficult paradigm shift I have ever experienced. I found myself rethinking core aspects of my personal reality. This was a change substantially more difficult than abandoning my belief in God and religion.
I'm speaking of my abandonment of feminism, as I knew it, and the death of my feminist identity.
Occasioning this shift of perspective was ongoing conversation with friends who identify as men's rights activists (MRA's). I spoke with them, asked them questions and actually listened to them. It turns out they make a solid argument for their cause, and they weren't just “cranky.”
Even as a self-identified feminist I did not believe the influence of patriarchy lurked around every corner, but I did think that it was responsible for many of the general responses to women in social, sexual and financial contexts. My MRA acquaintances showed me, and actually convinced me, that many of my beliefs on those matters were simply false. I was so wrong, in fact, that the fact that I never realized it before now shocks me. Patriarchy, feminists claimed, was embedded in almost every area of society, but it was not what I had been taught it was.
I did not handle this information well, and my immediate emotional response was so disturbing that my feminist perspective didn't have a fighting chance. Their evidence seemed so logical that I didn't bother to rationalize on behalf of my former feminist paradigm.
Since this sudden and thoroughly unpleasant shift in my perception, I have taken time to consider the claims of my friends in as detached and philosophical a manner possible.
In doing so, I considered the sources of my own confidence, success and empowerment. Confidence, I believe, is derived from the natural warm fuzzy feeling experienced after accomplishing goals. In other words, confidence is gained through success, which is generally only achieved by determination and perseverance. Empowerment, it seems, is only achieved by taking control of ones own life and does not occur with out success.
The motivation to gain confidence, success and empowerment is driven by our desire for comfort and our fear of failure and its accompanying negative consequences. Stay with me, I promise, I am going somewhere with this.
After these realizations I asked myself a question.
Do men in any way prevent women from gaining confidence, success and empowerment?
I looked back on my own personal journey to gain control of my life. I considered the stumbling blocks I encountered. I'm not talking about the normal things that happen when one starts out to make ones own way, such as remembering to not forget to pay ones light bill or coming up with the money to take care of emergencies. The major stumbling blocks I encountered, in pursuit of confidence, success and empowerment, were men.
I had decided to start dating again even though I was no where near where I wanted to be in my personal life. Boy, was that ever a mistake. While trying to figure my own way out of my problems, and I made very sure to let any man I got involved with know that I did not want prince charming to swoop in and save me. What I wanted was companionship, and for potential rescuers to to keep their hands and wallets out of my life. Each of them seemed to agree that this was an admirable goal and promised not to go “white knight” on me.
But whenever I so much as mentioned a problem, no matter how trivial, their first response was to offer up not encouragement but to solve the problem for me. Because they were “nice” guys. They were attempting to protect me from the possibility of failure, which for me is at the heart of my motivation. Without the possibility of failure, how could I continue my struggle to be a fucking grown up?
To borrow a line from from Rebecca Watson; Guys, don't do that!
That's right. Don't.
I'm speaking to men of all colors ages and walks of life, particularly men who identify as feminists. When you jump in to solve a woman's problems and valiantly save her from any possibility of failure or discomfort, YOU are patriarchy.
“But, Nurdy!” you may say, “what are we supposed to do? After all there are a number of safety nets and failsafes in place for women on a broad international level!”
Yes, I know it seems daunting, but this is the influence of patriarchy and it is sooo deeply ingrained in our society that it is going to take a very long time to un-root it so that women will finally achieve the goal at the heart of feminism. You know, women's empowerment. The motto is “feminism is the radical notion that women are people,” but you and I know that children are people, too. I'm sure what they meant to say is that women are adults.
This is going to take a massive effort at the grass roots level, and every man can do his part.
Do you have a girlfriend who enjoys buying more than she can afford and has trouble making ends meet by the end of the month? If she asks you for help, you can help her by allowing her figure it out on her own. She just might decide against repeating her mistake the next month. Of course she might elect to remain irresponsible and move on to a less motivating man, but you'll have a little more money in your pocket.
See that girl who drank herself into oblivion and is presently passed out on the curb? For the sake of her motivation not to do so again, Please Do NOT, I repeat, DO NOT scoop her up take her indoors and wrap a blanket around her. Also resisting the urge to save her has the added benefit of protecting you from any false accusations.
Does your sister squander her money on frivolous nonsense, then call you when she finds her self unable to pay her light bill at the end of the month? Don't solve this problem for her. If you do, how will she ever learn? It is your responsibility to her to pave the way to her empowerment. How will she ever grow up and become your equal if you don't do it for her?
Do you have a female employee who bursts into tears when you call her in to discuss her frequent extended lunch breaks? Resist the urge to console her and write her up the way you would any male employee. Better yet, fire that slacker. That should teach her a valuable lesson in punctuality, which her next employer will appreciate. Because, gentlemen, how will women ever reach the respectability of fully actualized adulthood if you don't do it for them?
This is only a tiny sample of the things every man can do, or more precisely, not do, to help. Perhaps you can't give women empowerment, but you can sure as hell give them motivation. An organized and concerted effort from all the men in any woman's life can drive that woman to empower herself and take full responsibility for her survival. Every man in agreement can motivate all women to self-empower and bring us one step closer to a day when sex is not a determining factor for any law or the funding of any social service.
In conclusion, in order to do your part, when you see a woman in trouble, don't rob her of her motivation.
Don't step up.
Don't be a white knight
DO NOT “man up.”
Instead “man down” and step back, for equality.
Since the colder season has approached us and we're now preparing for those chilly days spent indoors, Stage Confessions has put together a list of our favorite Winter albums for you to listen to on these days. Winter is a dreamy relaxing time and these albums with their polished snug feel will put you in the spirit of the season making you want to chill with a warm blanket by the fire as you watch the rain hit your window.
James Blake – The Colour In Anything
Label: Interscope
Release date: May 6, 2016
The Colour In Anything is absolutely perfect for those cold days as winter carries on in the later months. In addition to that, the album just exudes coziness– a feeling that is essential during the winter; you almost want to be wrapped up in blankets on a rainy day to get the best listen out of this album. It's backed by Blake's deep gospel-esque voice and blends sparse minimal electronic elements as well as Blake's orthodox trumpet, piano, and gospel to create an assured and snug atmosphere. Even at the most experimental and different, you can still hear winter and cold peak through harsh beats in which they still feel frigid and icy. Check out the tracks “Radio Silence,” “Choose Me,” “I Need A Forest Fire,” “f.o.r.e.v.e.r,” “Love Me In Whatever Way,” and “Modern Soul.” – Miguel Anderson
Björk – Homogenic
Label: Elektra / One Little Indian
Release date: September 22, 1997
Björk's most icy and ever so chilling piece of work is undeniably Homogenic. Frosty strings and piercing electronic beats cover every nook and cranny of this album, blending them with an eerie feel to recall the feeling of Bjork's homeland: a barren and cold Iceland which is essentially what winter is. She creates an electronic maximalist industrialist world, which may sound hard-edged but the instruments and strings are meticulously crafted and blended so well together that they sound like an innovative sonic orchestra, taking cold theatrical and dramatic turns. Check out the tracks “Hunter,” “Jóga,” “Bachelorette,” “All Neon Like,” and “All Is Full Of Love.” – Miguel Anderson
Beach House – Depression Cherry
Label: Sub Pop
Release date: August 28, 2015
Depression Cherry is, simply put, quite beautifully depressing but not the kind of depressing that would normally come to mind; in a way that's tough to put into words, it takes delight in sorrow and loneliness with music that transports you to a dream world. It uses lush synth, keyboard and electric guitar that complement Victoria Legrand's melodic vocals perfectly to create an out of this world musical atmosphere. It's the magical instrumentation filled with an alluring melancholy that will make you want to take in the beauty of Depression Cherry on a cold gloomy day. Check out the tracks “PPP,” “Space Song,” and “Days of Candy.” – Ashley Flamenco
Bon Iver – For Emma, Forever Ago
Label: Jagjaguwar
Release date: July 8, 2007
For Emma, Forever Ago is a humble collection of timeless folk breakup songs that were made in isolation in the Wisconsin wilderness. Folk instrumentation and the feeling of isolation is the very feeling which brings out the strong sense of winter in this album. He covers the separation between him and his girlfriend, the breakup of his band, and the unsatisfaction with himself to create an intimate, true, and collected album which points out the commonalities of every person's life. All songs are decorated with a folk instrumentation that leaves you feeling calm as you listen to his melodies sung in his falsetto voice that rolls with his guitar riffs. It's bare and raw and all you could ask for on this winter season. Check out the tracks “Lump Sum,” “Skinny Love,” “The Wolves (Act I and II),” “For Emma,” and “Re: Stacks.” – Miguel Anderson
Erykah Badu – Baduizm
Label: Kedar
Release date: February 11, 1997
Jazz, soul, and mid-tempo grooves are what hold Baduizm up to its high standard. It's extremely mature and subtly groovy. Baduizm is there for those days where you want to unwind and fix yourself up to be warm. It's an essential and an ode, telling you to respect yourself and to not care about the cold that's coming in for the season. Badu's bars definitely add to the coldness of this album as she shuns judgment and leads the role for the need of self-care in your life. Erykah's soulful singing hovers above the instrumentals which is a jazzy mix of hip-hop, silky beats, bass, piano, and drum & high hats. Check out the tracks “On & On,” “Other Side Of The Game” “4 Leaf Clover,” and “No Love.” – Miguel Anderson
Slow Hollows – Romantic
Label: Danger Collective
Release date: November 4, 2016
Romantic is ironically not romantic at all, it's an album that deals a lot with teen angst, explores other despondent emotions that tend to be deeply felt during one's youth and uses jazz-infused sounds and dull guitar riffs to do so. Lines from the opening track of the record, “I'd rather dream/ oh can't you see,” that are sung in Austin Feinstein's monotone voice, showcase the ample amount of depression that would make someone prefer their dreams over reality. And songs like “Romantic” display a relationship that didn't end well and really has no hope of being fixed. Dreary guitar, saxophone, trumpet, and horns only promote the somber mood that the lyrics create on their own but produce the relaxing ambiance that makes this album ideal to listen to on a rainy day. Check out the tracks “Spirit Week,” “Softer,” and “Luxury Of Lull.” – Ashley Flamenco
Major League Soccer and the United Soccer League (USL) announced on Friday morning that they have received approval from the International Football Association Board (The IFAB) to conduct live Video Assistant Referee (VAR) experiments in select competitive matches during the remainder of the USL regular season.
The first VAR experiment in a competitive match takes place on Friday night at Red Bull Arena, where New York Red Bulls II host Orlando City B (7 pm ET, free live stream via YouTube and USL MatchCenter). Other VAR experiments will be conducted at four other Red Bulls II matches: Aug. 19 (vs. Louisville), Aug. 28 (vs. FC Cincinnati), Sept. 7 (vs. Harrisburg City Islanders) and Sept. 17 (vs. FC Montreal).
Red Bull Arena hosted a VAR workshop held by IFAB last month.
“During the last workshop, we received significant feedback from the participating competition organizers from across the world,” IFAB Secretary Lukas Brud said in a statement. “We believe that these additional tests will enable us to refine the experiment protocols and implementation procedures which are key to the success of the forthcoming trials.”
MLS was selected in June as one of six leagues around the world for video replay testing over what is expected to be a two-year period.
The Video Assistant Referee initiative, as outlined by the IFAB, consists of an additional referee positioned in a booth with technology that allows access to video from every available camera angle at a finger's touch. A communications system will allow the VAR to alert and advise the head referee on “game-changing” decisions: goals, penalty decisions, direct red card incidents, mistaken identity.
According to a release, "the intention is for IFAB to make a decision in 2018 or 2019 on whether or not video assistant referees should be introduced in football."
"An insider from Yulia Tymoshenko's inner circle reports that she has had private conversations with Arseniy Yatsenyuk. Yatsenyuk says he has become sick of the radicals -- especially [Right Sector leader Dmytro] Yarosh and [ultranationalist Oleksandr] Muzychko. He's scared of them and wants a way out of the situation. [He] has been forced to negotiate with Polish officials on the transfer to Poland of three Galician regions until the end of 2014, under the pretext of saving the population from a humanitarian catastrophe."
Is Kyiv temporarily transferring three of its western regions to Poland to wait out the current crisis?Almost certainly not. But that hasn't stopped the spread of the rumor on Russian gossip sites.Pravda.ru, the tabloid news site for which U.S. Senator John McCain wrote an anti-Putinlast year, splashes this"[Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy] Yatsenyuk Secretly Arranges For The Transfer Of Three Galician Regions To Poland."Pravda cites, a little-known pro-Kremlin "information agency," for this startling claim about the historical area in the northwest border region alongside Poland.Just for context, these are currently the top two headlines on the Rex website:"Kyiv Nazis Will Avenge Crimea And Southeastern Ukraine""Yatsenyuk's Government Prepares Evacuation Of Lviv"Despite the virulently anti-Kyiv tone, the site contends that it has access to the inner circle of former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko. Here's the lede:The crux of the article appears to be the rather absurd premise that transferring Ukrainian regions to another country would pacify nationalists.So why construct the labyrinthine story? Apparently to manufacture another instance of Western hypocrisy.Crimea's Prime Minister Sergei Aksyonov shared the story on Twitter with a simple "," but the implication -- which both Pravda.ru and Rex advanced -- was obvious:Western leaders condemn Russia's annexation of Crimea but are silent about the possible shifting of borders in Ukraine's northwest.It would be a good point if it had any basis in fact. There's no evidence that it does.--Glenn Kates
There was only one way, Anthony Strong decided, to test dishes for one of the country's first chef-driven, delivery-only restaurants. “I was putting bags in my car and driving across town to my girlfriend's house,” he said, adding that he would take the hilliest routes across San Francisco.
Young Fava, which debuts early this summer, will have no storefront sign, no dining room and no wine list. Strong isn't even waiting to sign a lease on his own kitchen space before opening, working out of a pho shop. He plans to run his virtual restaurant as he did Pizzeria Delfina and Locanda, however, preparing dishes to order. Only instead of dispatching a server to bring the food to diners, he'll hand it off to a driver.
Young restaurateurs like Strong, confronted by the Bay Area's rising rents and wages, are increasingly looking for new ways to build a successful, sustainable business, including temporary pop-ups, food trucks and counter-service fine dining. So a brave few are now attempting delivery. Given the ubiquity of delivery services such as Caviar and DoorDash, does it matter whether a restaurant's doors are open to the public?
Back to Gallery New concept brings fine dining, but only by delivery 7 1 of 7 Photos: Amy Osborne, Special to The Chronicle 2 of 7 Photos: Amy Osborne, Special to The Chronicle 3 of 7 Photos: Amy Osborne, Special to The Chronicle 4 of 7 Photos: Amy Osborne, Special to The Chronicle 5 of 7 Photos: Amy Osborne / Special to The Chronicle 6 of 7 Photos: Amy Osborne / Special to The Chronicle 7 of 7 Photos: Amy Osborne, Special to The Chronicle
Strong, 34, is well known in Bay Area food circles for the 11 years he spent cooking Italian food for the Delfina Restaurant Group, where he rose to corporate executive chef before leaving five months ago. When it came time to step out on his own, he decided that the Bay Area doesn't need another Italian restaurant. “Where can I really nerd out and just make a risky, creative move?” he asked himself. The answer involved designing custom boxes and coming up with food that would taste delicious after sitting inside them for 20 minutes.
Online delivery services are an afterthought for high-end chefs, a lifeline for mom-and-pop restaurants, a welcome convenience for diners — and a massive industry. GrubHub reported selling $898 million worth of food in the first quarter of 2017 alone. Online delivery services are expanding: According to trade publication Apptopia, UberEats is making deliveries in 80 cities, DoorDash in 350 and the Yelp-owned Eat24 in 1,500.
But other well-funded companies, like Sprig and Munchery, that once promised to disrupt the restaurant industry by delivering meals at affordable costs have flailed. SpoonRocket and Bento have shut down. The latest failure was Maple, which closed this past week. Backed by New York celebrity chef David Chang and an estimated $50 million in investment, it was forced to raise prices to become profitable and saw sales tumble as a result.
Strong hopes that smaller, independent ventures like Young Fava, which is translating the mid-priced neighborhood bistro into a coffee-table, paper-plate dining experience at home, will fare better.
Evan Kuo, owner of Pythagoras, has watched these well-funded giants falter while his delivery-only San Francisco pizzeria chugs along. He thinks that the big companies charged too little and offered customers simple, everyday food. “You have to produce a premium product that you can charge a high-ticket price for,” Kuo said.
Pythagoras started as a bare-bones mobile app that Kuo, an engineer and computer programmer, built to call orders in to his local pizza shop. In 2015, an experienced pizzaiolo, who is no longer with the company, helped Kuo turn the app into a delivery-only pizzeria, becoming in essence an artisanal Domino's.
After months of testing crusts that would taste good after 20 minutes in transit, Pythagoras went live in October 2015. Customers place orders through their phones, and the company bakes pizzas in an anonymous commercial kitchen in the Mission, delivering to locations in a 2-mile radius.
Kuo said being a virtual restaurant saves money on staff and location. But employing drivers or paying Postmates during peak times costs far more than Pythagoras's $3 “delivery fee.” He builds the rest of the price into the $23 he charges per 14-inch pie.
Baba Afolabi, who owns the Oakland-based Chop Plentii, sees delivery as his path to opening a West African restaurant in the Bay Area.
Afolabi moved to California from Nigeria 19 years ago. Chop Plentii was inspired by his soccer teammates, who would give him money to pass on to his mother, Ayoola Lawal, in exchange for a container of soup. Afolabi has been looking for a way to turn these meals into a full-time business ever since. He and his mother ran a pop-up last year out of a downtown Oakland juice bar.
The problem is that Afolabi has little access to the capital he needs to open a small restaurant, even a food truck. “I've known a couple of West African restaurants that have opened and closed,” Afolabi said. “It's not because their food isn't good. They don't have enough money to keep them afloat until people find them.”
He currently runs Chop Plentii as a weekly meal-delivery service, which takes orders by text message or Google Doc, while he builds Chop Plentii's website.
Afolabi is designing the site himself, paying coders to adapt an e-commerce template from Shopify to fit his menu. Afolabi anticipates that Chop Plentii will begin taking online orders for weekly deliveries and daily lunches in a month or two, delivering only in the East Bay. He will start with Nigerian classics like jollof rice, pepper soup and egusi, a stew of greens and ground melon seeds. Eventually, he hopes to add cuisines from other African countries.
Domino's aside, delivery-only restaurants are so new that their owners are operating with few guidelines. How do you convince investors that the business is viable? How much can you spend on ingredients or kitchen space? Most critically, how do you let diners know you're there?
Young Fava's Strong is trying to figure out how to reach new customers and persuade them to return, especially since diners will order through UberEats, Caviar, DoorDash and Postmates instead of his own website.
“You're building a lot of ways a digital marketing brand as you are a food brand,” said Anoop Pillarisetti, head of experience at Ando in New York, perhaps the highest-profile delivery restaurant in the country, owned by David Chang, also of Maple. “In our perspective, the top of our priority list is making delicious food, making sure customers are excited and willing to share it.” For Ando, that's cheesesteaks, fried chicken and salads that can withstand 30 minutes in a bike courier's bag.
Strong is aiming for more complex, less workaday food — making it perhaps the first delivery-only bistro in the United States. Salads with dressing on the side travel well, naturally. He's come up with shareable dishes like burrata cheese whipped with caramelized spring onions, paired with Tartine bread; as well as Korean-style rice cakes, which don't lose their chew in the box, with mushroom ragu and pine nuts.
“I want takeout and delivery to be a bit more approachable and fit into people's lives rather than popping open some weird creepy container and being embarrassed by its presence,” Strong said.
He estimates that Young Fava's average check price will be equivalent to a meal at a mid-priced restaurant. The key question will be: Will enough San Franciscans want to pay $40 a person for a weeknight meal in boxes to keep the restaurant afloat? In addition, he has to forgo liquor sales, a source of profit for most restaurants.
Pythagoras' Kuo shared more cautions. “If you're relying on UberEats or Postmates or DoorDash to drive volume, it's most likely not going to be enough volume on their own,” he said. “So you have to acquire customers on your own.”
Strong does have one advantage: name recognition among chef-watchers. Having no celebrity chef, Kuo said, has slowed his company's growth. Most of Pythagoras' new customers signed up after encountering his pizza at a friend's house.
“It's one thing to build a tech business that's serving food and a delivery operation,” said Ando's Pillarisetti. “At the end of the day we're building a restaurant and a place for people to get food from.”
At the moment, before the challenge of making a profit overtakes him, Strong is relishing the challenge of creating food destined for a cardboard box.
“How often do chefs get to do something actually new?” he said.
Jonathan Kauffman is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: jkauffman@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @jonkauffman
This Labor Day most Americans will be taking a break from their bosses, but a small group of employees will be celebrating the fact that they are their own bosses because they belong to workers cooperatives.
It's a democratic working arrangement that seems to be gaining more attention since Occupy Wall Street, although the concept actually goes back to the dawn of the labor movement. The idea made news in June when the New York City Council made the largest pledge of government support for worker cooperative business development in U.S. history by making a $1.2-million investment in such initiatives.
“Obviously, cooperatives didn't just come out of Occupy Wall Street,” said Brendan Martin, founding director of The Working World, a Manhattan-based nonprofit organization that provides investment capital and technical support for worker cooperatives. “But it did help focus people's energy and attention on alternatives… The whole movement was about questioning aspects of our economic system and who owns what. One of the key problems is how few own so much!”
One lively offshoot of the Occupy Wall Street was the creation of OccuCopy, a worker cooperative in Brooklyn, which started with a small group camped out in Zucotti Park who had discovered they had similar interests. Now it's renamed Radix Media, a “full-service commercial print shot” with three members. It's also a union shop—part of the Teamsters Local 1, the Amalgamated Lithographers of America. Their big project right now is helping the People's Climate March produce material to publicize its nationwide event Sept. 21.
“We do a ton of stuff,” explained Lantz Arroyo, who was born in Rockville Centre and lived in Hempstead until he was four. But he got interested in workers cooperatives while he was living in Portland, Ore., before moving to New York City and joining up with his co-workers last summer. He loves the working arrangement.
“We're not working for someone else and getting paid low wages while someone at the top is making more,” he told the Press. “We do find ourselves working on our days off and having meetings on our days off, but I think it's definitely more fulfilling. It's a great model for people who want to have a livelihood but don't want to just make someone else rich while they're struggling every day.”
WORKERS UNITE
All told, there are 29,284 cooperatives in the United States, excluding housing co-ops, but only 223 are directly worker-owned, according to John Duda, communications coordinator of the Democracy Collaborative, a Washington, D.C.-based nonprofit group, which promotes this worker-owned business model.
The U.S. Federation of Worker Cooperatives (USFWC), a national organization established in 2004, estimates that there are 300-400 worker-owned co-ops and “democratic workplaces” in the United States, employing 2,500-3,500 workers. A 2012 study by the Democracy At Work Institute, a USFWC affiliate, found that 71 percent of worker co-ops have fewer than 15 members. The largest worker co-op in the country happens to be the Cooperative Home Care Associates in the Bronx, which has 1,100 “worker-owners” out of it 2,300 employees, according to the USFWC.
“Cooperatives are a bigger part of the economy than most people realize,” Duda told the Press. “You're talking about organizations that are democratically owned and controlled by their members. Those can be purchasing cooperatives, banking cooperatives, agricultural cooperatives, housing cooperatives, or worker cooperatives.”
Add in credit unions and employee-owned companies, and “about 130 million people in the U.S. are in cooperatives,” said Duda. “There's 6 million more people in employee-owned companies in the United States than there are in labor unions in the private sector.”
Here on Long Island, the Bethpage-based Peerless Electronics became an employee-owned company as of May 30, 2012, when the Employees Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) acquired 100 percent of the company from the estate of the late owner, Alvin M. Shankman, who had owned the firm privately since 1945. In a press release, Robert Levine, president and chief financial officer, wrote: “In today's economic and business environment, it is especially important to note that we have secured the employee positions, maintained jobs on Long Island and will continue to be a strong business partner with our customers and suppliers.”
Peerless preserved its hierarchical structure, but the transition also kept the company alive. Duda says that creating worker cooperatives generally offers a better approach to economic development than typical government policy.
“You don't give a corporate tax subsidy to somebody and hope they'll create some jobs that will pay a living wage,” said Duda. “You give it to people who are running a democratically owned business. They tend not to vote to dissolve themselves or ‘offshore' themselves.”
Subsidizing corporations, Duda said, “didn't actually deliver the goods. We have greater inequality today than we did a couple of decades ago.”
Duda said that the New York City Council's $1.2 million budget initiative to fund worker cooperative development targeted at low-income communities was a great step forward.
“Folks without assets don't have the equity to start a business, so how do you get them those assets in a way that doesn't exploit them?” Duda said. “Our organization focuses on how do we get worker cooperatives the business that they need? How do you build a larger framework for local policy that says: ‘Ok, we've got hospitals and universities; they spend billions of dollars a year, but they spend it outside the communities that they're a part of.”
MEET THE NEW BOSS
The co-op concept is certainly getting wider attention, here and elsewhere.
“Our board had a huge discussion about cooperatives” last year, said Long Island Progressive Coalition Director Lisa Tyson. “They're awesome!”
Her group is not-for-profit, so the business model doesn't apply, but she thinks more people should consider it.
“When businesses are threatened, it's a great way to keep the business alive and have the workers take on a different role,” she said.
Tyson said her group didn't know of any functioning worker co-ops on Long Island. Attempts by the Press to find them in Nassau and Suffolk also came up empty.
Out in the Rockaways, it's a different story, where two workers cooperatives are thriving—with more on the way.
“I think we're planting the seeds for what could be a big change,” said Scott Trumbull, project officer for the Working World. He's been involved in helping set up La Mies Bakery, which has four employees, and Roca Mia Construction, which has five. In the planning stages are a landscaping cooperative and a taxi service.
Of course, raising capital is the biggest hurdle for any business, let alone a cooperative. Thanks to the New York City Council's recent $1.2 million pledge, the Working World got a $230,000 grant, which will have a direct impact on future cooperative development in Far Rockaway, Trumbull said. What differentiates their investment strategy from a typical start-up loan is that “we assume the risk,” he explained.
“We only recover our money from the profits the co-op generates,” he said. That's why they are very rigorous with the co-ops they commit to helping.
“One of the most important things in co-ops is to have a really strong set of rules to guide the cooperative,” said Trumbull. “When someone is doing something that is not right, you can say, ‘Hey, this is not in compliance with the rules that we ALL agreed upon.'…It's a big switch from being accountable to the boss to being accountable to the whole group.”
So what does a worker co-op do on Labor Day?
“We respect it!” said Trumbull with a laugh. “We will not be working!”
SPRINGFIELD, Ore. - A drunken driver on an ATV pointed a gun at more than one person and fired at least 5 shots, one of which wounded a man early Tuesday morning, Springfield Police said.
"These people know each other, the victim and the shooter," Sgt. Dave Lewis said. "The suspect shows up in the early morning hours on a very loud ATV, and the people at the house took exception to him coming over there."
After a dispute of some kind, the suspect left on the ATV, Lewis said.
The suspect returned less than 15 minutes later with a firearm, Lewis said.
A dispute ensued, and the suspect fired at least 5 shots and pointed the gun at more than one person, Lewis said.
Officers responded to a report of gunshots at 4623 Aster St. at 2:42 a.m. Tuesday.
Responding officers arrested the suspect - identified as Antonio Villanueva, 26, of Springfield - on charges of:
Assault in 1st Degree
Unlawful Use of a Weapon
Felon in Possession of a Firearm
Reckless Endangering (3 counts)
Driving Under the Influence of Alcohol
The shooting victim - 35-year-old Joshua Knapp of Springfield - was located inside the home.
Medics rushed Knapp to the hospital for treatment. He is expected to survive.
Anyone with information is asked to call the Springfield Police Department at (541) 726-3714.
Originally published October 25, 2014 at 4:03 PM | Page modified October 26, 2014 at 5:21 PM
FOUR months into Washington's era of legal marijuana stores, a strange reality has settled over Seattle: The city doesn't seem to care much about the availability of over-the-counter pot.
Combined sales at Seattle's recreational marijuana stores trail those in Vancouver, Spokane and even Bellingham. On a per capita basis, Seattle's sales are about half of Yakima's and one-third of Tacoma's, according to data from the state Liquor Control Board.
That's partly due to the glitchy launch of the recreational market created by Initiative 502. Supply problems have led to sky-high prices and late-opening stores.
But the regional sales disparity defies logical and market forces. Does Spokane really have a closet habit nine times stronger than Seattle's?
No. In reality, Seattle marijuana users shun recreational stores because they're getting the cannabis from a larger, cheaper and unregulated source: medical-marijuana dispensaries.
As Seattle's former U.S. Attorney Jenny Durkanwarned last month, medical marijuana is “not a loophole. It is the market.”
She's right. For that, blame the state Legislature.
How big the medical market is remains a mystery. Regulation of medical marijuana is so lax no one can measure it. No one knows how many dispensaries operate or how many customers there are, let alone how sick those patients really are. Yet, storefront green crosses are as ubiquitous as Starbucks.
Buyers pay no excise taxes on medical marijuana, so cannabis prices are lower than at recreational stores. “Green cards” needed to gain entry to dispensaries continue to be glibly handed out for as little as $50.
This makes a mockery of the state's landmark new approach to marijuana. Instead of sticking to the strict regime of I-502 — regulating and taxing marijuana, limiting sales to adults and investing in prevention — inaction has allowed the shadow medical market to thrive.
The Seattle City Council put a moratorium on new medical-marijuana businesses, effective November 2013. New storefronts had to become recreational shops, or comply with new regulations expected from the Legislature in 2014.
But the Legislature failed — a good bipartisan proposal was tripped up over minor tax squabbling. The cost of that failure is mounting.
When lawmakers reconvene in January, that legislation should be a priority — and not just for the tax revenue it would churn. The goal must be to serve legitimate patients, limit youth access and build a prevention campaign similar to one that bent down rates of teen tobacco use.
Meantime, Seattle, which has been allergic to policing even the bad actors in medical marijuana, recently sent letters to 331 cannabis-related businesses, reminding those that opened after November that they were “in violation of city law.” City Attorney Pete Holmes' office has sued five medical-marijuana businesses for failing to follow basic zoning and building codes.
The world is watching Washington's grand experiment with legalization. In the state's biggest city, the experiment is being run over by the ubiquitous green crosses.
Editorial board members are editorial page editor Kate Riley, Frank A. Blethen, Ryan Blethen, Jonathan Martin, Thanh Tan, Blanca Torres, Robert J. Vickers, William K. Blethen (emeritus) and Robert C. Blethen (emeritus).
Four weeks for 99 cents of unlimited digital access to The Seattle Times. Try it now!
"Now, Moore looks just like the unpredictable non-establishment approved candidate McConnell said he was all along."
McConnell has handled this controversy with a keen understanding of the current tenor of the country. Note that Monday, McConnell did not simply call for Moore to step aside from the race. He used the very politically correct term for responding to sexual assault allegations these days by uttering the phrase, "I believe the women, yes."
All the following likely scenarios favor McConnell:
If Moore refuses to step down and he loses to Democrat Doug Jones, he will become the first Republican Senate candidate to lose an election in Alabama since 1990 when the very conservative anti-abortion, anti-gun control incumbent Democrat Howell Heflin defeated Bill Cabaniss. In that case, McConnell will be able to suggest that Republican candidates he doesn't support aren't even safe bets in the reddest of states. And that will give him a big leg up on Steve Bannon who is unashamedly running a national campaign to run challengers to McConnell supporters in the 2018 midterm election primaries.
If Moore does withdraw from the race, whether his Republican replacement wins or loses McConnell can credibly claim that all of this happened too late to salvage the situation. Write-in campaigns, as anyone replaces Moore at this late stage would have to mount, are always a serious long shot.
If Moore somehow wins, there are growing calls from Republicans to expel him from the Senate. If that effort is successful, and with Democrats joining in such an expulsion vote it's a good bet it would be, then Alabama Republican Governor Kay Ivey would have the power to handpick Moore's replacement with most likely another Republican. In this scenario, McConnell has his cake and gets to keep his 52-48 GOP majority in the Senate too.
Sadly in politics, even horrific allegations of sexual assault and preying on underage victims only seem to elicit politically-centered responses. McConnell and many other establishment politicians are piling on Moore, and it's hard not notice that they're doing this to a man who has squarely been threatening that establishment his entire career.
It may be cynical to believe that McConnell doesn't care all that much about the truth of these sexual misconduct allegations against Moore other than what they mean to him politically. But this is a consummate politician who has shown all the signs of craving position and title over all else.
But it's an empty title and a false crown. McConnell is indeed savvy at holding onto the Senate Republican leadership position, but what does he have to show for it other than the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court? Not much.
If he had any real shame, McConnell would have stepped down as majority leader as soon as the effort to repeal and replace Obamacare failed this past summer. The whole point of being majority leader is to wield the power of the majority party in the upper chamber to get key bills passed. McConnell proved he can't do that, period. Even tax reform appears to be in danger.
And remember, McConnell has been majority leader since January 2015. So this isn't just about the problems in coordinating legislative efforts with the haphazard Trump administration. McConnell was also unable to work out any kind of deal with President Obama during the first two years of his time as Senate leader.
At some point, Senate Republicans and Senate Republican candidates should come to the realization that McConnell's obsession for personal power trumps all else. It's something that's clear in this Moore mess, was clear during the Obamacare repeal fiasco, and will likely play a serious role in the current battle for tax reform.
So if you're a Republican or any American who wants to see some progress in Washington, you needn't shed a tear for Roy Moore's sinking ship. But everyone should be concerned that the biggest roadblock to progress remains a politician like Mitch McConnell who will do almost anything to keep his job, no matter how ineffective he is at actually doing it.
Commentary by Jake Novak, CNBC.com senior columnist. Follow him on Twitter @jakejakeny.
For more insight from CNBC contributors, follow @CNBCopinion on Twitter.
Hello and welcome to the 50th installment of the SWD .
Military events are listed below by the governorates:
Aleppo:
SAA captured Atshanat Mari and Durobiyah (Idrisiyah) villages from IS northwest of Jirah Air Base.
Situation in east Aleppo after SAA ‘s advances. Source: loomisroberto
Hama:
SAA and allies captured Maardas, Iskandariyah and Tell al-Duwayr from rebels today. The only remaining important areas captured by rebels in the latest offensive are Souran and Tal Bizzam. Heavy airstrikes targeted Souran after which reports appeared suggesting that HTS retreated from it leaving their ATGM operators and troops that supported their offensive alone to face the SAA and allied forces. Groups that reportedly remain in Souran are Jaysh al-Izzah and Jaysh al-Nasr, both part of FSA .
Major general Qasem Soleimani is still in Hama where he allegedly coordinated yesterday's attacks on Halfaya axis. Based on this, it might be possible that IRGC , Liwa Fatemiyoun and maybe Hezbollah will advance on Halfaya – Al-Lataminah – Kafr Zita while SAA and NDF advance on Tayyibat al-Imam – Souran – Morek.
Situation in northern Hama after SAA and allies advanced today, HD version of this map can be found here. Source: Peto Lucem
Damascus:
SAA made small advances in al-Tahrib street in Qaboun-Barzeh pocket after breaking rebel's defense line. Bigger news related to Qaboun-Barzeh pocket are coming from SOHR which claimed that in today's attack SAA advanced in al-Mohafiz street and thus besieged Barzeh. If this is true Barzeh should be captured by SAA soon and rebels might even leave / have left from the area to Qaboun.
Iraq:
Iraqi Federal Police opened several corridors in old Mosul for civilians to evacuate the district, this move indicates that big assault on the IS-part of the district is coming soon and Iraq is attempt to minimize potential civilian casualties. Unfortunately this move might not be as effective as Iraq hopes since these evacuation attempts result in shelling of civilian corridors and shooting at those trying to leave by groups entrenched in cities as seen In Syria in East Aleppo. Civilians are very valuable for IS as they are used as human shields and only because safety of civilians IS is still present in west Mosul because Army's operations are happening at a very slow speed to ensure that civilian casualties remain as low as possible.
Even tough IS is losing on all fronts in west Mosul it still manages to find time to shell neighborhoods captured by Iraqi Army, reportedly more than 40 civilians were killed and wounded by shelling today.
In Al-Kafaat, east Mosul IS assassinated two members of Nineveh National Security, what is more worrying is that this is the third incident of this type this week. After these assassinations took place a report came out stating that IS hacked Nineveh National Security's database and removed a big number of people from wanted list, some even paid for the removal. Exclusive info transmitted by Mosul Eye. This event coincidences with Iraqi Federal Police decision to open corridors for civilians to leave from the most populated west Mosul district. It seems like IS fighters or supporters might try to leave old Mosul among civilians and then establish cells that would continue to terrorize Mosul for years to come.
Iraqi Air Force was busy targeting IS today, in Nineveh governorate around Baaj IS camps were targeted and reportedly up to 50 militants were killed. Al-Qaim near Syria in Anbar governorate was also targeted by Air Force, ammo depots and HQs belonging to IS were primary targets.
IS SVBIED hit a checkpoint west of Fallujah, casualties were reported but the exact number wasn't stated. Southeast of Fallujah in Alexandria, Babil governorate IS suicide bomber attempted to target a funeral but was stopped by an Iraqi police officer that hugged bomber forcing him to detonate without inflicting civilian casualties. This heroic and selfless act of sacrifice by Iraqi officer saved many civilian lives, may he rest in peace.
Latest map of west Mosul. Source: NinevehMC
On the 2nd of April 2017 CJTF-OIR has conducted nine strikes in Syria. CJTF-OIR ‘s main focus in Syria at the moment is Tabqa-Raqqa region where they did seven strikes supporting SDF ‘s operation against IS destroying eight barges and five fighting positions; and suppressed two IS tactical units.
Other area where two strikes occurred is Palmyra destroying three IS command-and-control nodes, three supply caches, a checkpoint and a bunker; and damaged three bunkers. Full report on CJTF-OIR strikes conducted in both Syria & Iraq can be found here.
Intellectual credited property used may vary from an edition to edition.
Feel free to voice your opinion in the comments section below, constructive criticism is welcomed.
For those of you interested, you can follow us on an official Twitter account @SyrianWarDaily, or me personally on my biased Twitter @joskobaric where I occasionally tweet some things.
Advertisements
Norman Bates' final descent into Psychosis has begun.
The fifth and final season of A&E's Bates Motel got underway Monday night, and it was completely, utterly, gloriously nuts. It was also heartbreaking. And on at least one occasion, slightly mystifying.
Below, showrunner Kerry Ehrin tackles some of my burning questions about the premiere, while also teasing what craziness awaits in the remaining nine episodes.
TVLINE | The biggest shocker of the episode for me — Norman is a total slob!
KERRY EHRIN | [Laughs] Hilarious. He's a boy that got left without his mom. And he's not quite in his right mind; his brain is very cluttered, and [the messy house] is a metaphor for his confusion.
TVLINE | Does he know that Norma is dead? Or does he think her death was faked and she's just hiding out in the house?
On the surface, he believes that she's alive and that her death was faked. Obviously, the body is in the house, and he knows the body is in the house, so there's a part of him that knows the truth. But he's in denial because it's so painful. But we deliberately wanted to keep it somewhat murky because insanity is murky. There are not rules to it.
TVLINE | Frozen Norma — prosthetics or Vera Farmiga?
It is sometimes Vera, and it's sometimes a prosthetic. Vera is an amazing actress, even dead. She plays the best dead person; I don't know how she does it.
TVLINE | When we meet up with Dylan and Emma, they have a daughter, which suggests a fairly significant time jump. How much time has passed?
About 18 months.
TVLINE | Why give them a child?
We wanted Dylan to have actually succeeded in separating from [Norma and Norman], to have a marriage that's good, to have a job that he likes, and to have a child. All Dylan's ever wanted is a family that he belonged to, so it seemed like a beautiful way to [illustrate] that he succeeded 90 percent of the way. But there is 10 percent of him that is still attached to his family of origin, and still has guilt that he left them.
TVLINE | Remind me — how the heck did they never find out Norma had died?
When Dylan left at the end of last season, he changed his number. Also, there's really no responsibility of anyone to call next of kin as long as one relative knows of the death, which was Norman. And Norman didn't want to tell him.
TVLINE | How long do they remain blissfully unaware?
It definitely comes into play. I can't tell you exactly when, but it's a big part of the story.
TVLINE | In other words, they won't find out in the final 15 minutes of the series finale.
[Laughs] No. It's a big part of Dylan's storyline. And Emma's.
TVLINE | Norman's new friend in town, Madelyn Loomis, has a rather spoilery last name. Fair to say her husband Sam Loomis is having an affair with Rihanna?
[Laughs] I think that's a good suspicion.
TVLINE | While Sam exists in the Psycho world, his wife, Madelyn, does not. Talk to me about the decision to create her.
I always looked at Marion Crane's situation with Sam [in Psycho] and was like, “What is his issue? Why won't he just marry her?” I always in the back of my head thought that there has to be some other woman involved. And this was just an opportunity to tell that story.
TVLINE | Side note: I want to move into Sam and Madelyn's hardware store. It's gorgeous.
That's all [production designer] Mark Freeborn's [handiwork]. I just adore everything he builds.
TVLINE | So the store doesn't actually exist?
No. He completely designed it and made it, and I want to move in there, too. It's luscious.
TVLINE | That store needs to exist somewhere.
I know, right? Let's open it.
UAB Football- March 12, 2014
UAB Assistant Coach Richard Owens is shown during the first spring football practice session in Birmingham, Ala., Wednesday, March 12, 2014. (Mark Almond/malmond@al.com)
(MARK ALMOND)
The task force reviewing UAB athletics has chosen a new firm to determine the viability of fielding a football team after its first selection was rejected by university officials last month.
The UAB Athletics Assessment Task Force has unanimously chosen College Sports Solutions to conduct a study of the university athletic department's finances and determine whether football is sustainable, said Wes Smith, task force chairman and president of the UAB National Alumni Society.
CSS will partner with local accounting firm Borland Benefield to complete the study.
The new deadline is May 15, giving ample time for the university and community to review the findings before the annual Conference USA meetings in June.
In March, the task force announced that California-based firm OSKR had been unanimously selected. But after UAB reviewed the firm's proposal, university officials said they would not approve hiring OSKR, saying the firm's consultants couldn't produce an unbiased report.
During the three weeks after OSKR was rejected, the task force quietly continued discussions of which firm to select as a replacement. But UAB remained in the news, as AL.com's Kevin Scarbinsky reported that an outside public relations firm, Sard Verbinnent & Co., had prepared detailed plans for the university to announce in September 2014 that the school was eliminating the three programs.
UAB President Ray Watts issued a statement denying claims made by State Rep. Jack Williams that the football decision was made before the 2014 season, saying "this is categorically untrue."
The task force was formed in January after the elimination of the football, bowling and rifle programs. During the process of selecting a financial firm to conduct the review, members vetted concerns about potential bias and determined that the firm had the capability of producing a solid report under intense scrutiny.
The task force discussed and vetted similar concerns about potential bias with College Sports Solutions and its employees, including ties to Carr Sports, the firm that produced the initial report leading to the elimination of the UAB football, bowling and rifle programs.
Smith said task force members are confident that the firm will not be biased for or against the university, Carr Sports or the UAB community. He also emphasized that the task force alone selected CSS, without outside input.
"The transparency required by the public scrutiny CSS will be subjected to in performing the work and their resulting report, requires the utmost professional excellence and integrity that is able to withstand such," Smith said. "We are unanimously in agreement as to the professionalism and integrity of CSS."
Smith said that the task force is comfortable selecting CSS because the firm employs independent contractors. No member of the team working on the UAB football study will have worked with or for Carr Sports or in prior roles as co-workers.
"This is a small industry," Smith said. "If you eliminated those who 'know' each other, you would employ no one and certainly not those who are qualified."
In an email, he outlined the task force's reasoning in the selection of CSS: The firm has deep knowledge of intercollegiate athletics; possesses the necessary qualifications to analyze qualitative data and produce reasonably quantifiable projections; and the ability to complete the work in the time frame requested.
"The Task Force looks forward to work with CSS to produce the comprehensive, professional, transparent and credible analysis promised to all UAB constituents," Smith said.
Smith will serve as the primary point of contact with CSS, but the entire task force will work with the firm when necessary.
The school is covering the costs of the study. After rejecting the first firm, they offered more financial resources to the task force and asked the group to extend the timeline for completing its work. Initially, task force members hoped to have a final report in hand by April 2.
Clay Ryan, an attorney and the university's liaison to the task force, said in a prepared statement that it is vital that fundraising efforts continue while CSS conducts its work.
"It is important, as we have discussed with Chairman Smith and task force leaders, that they continue to work on a parallel track and in concert with UAB Football Foundation leaders to raise private funding needed to reinstate football, rifle and bowling," Ryan said. "This aspect of the effort is critical and time sensitive, given our ongoing discussions with Conference USA."
Ryan said the five-year projection of $27 million necessary for athletic operations is "a reasonable floor" to use for fundraising efforts.
"In addition, the new report will give a good estimate on additional funding from public and private sector leaders necessary for facility upgrades to give our coaches and players the tools they need to have a consistently excellent program," Ryan said.
The fundraising subcommittee will deliver weekly written progress reports through May 15.
One of the most commercially successful bands of all time, Coldplay has captivated millions of fans over the past two decades with its soaring, theatrical melodies and powerful live performances. If you've never taken the time to familiarize yourself with the band, here's everything you need to know to hold your own in conversation.
The band consists of Chris Martin and the three mute offspring that he birthed asexually: Although Martin never gave his self-generated bandmates names other than the six-digit serial numbers on their respective incubation chambers, they are commonly referred to by fans as Boppo (drums), Captain Penis (lead guitar), and Slobbering Jeff (bass guitar). All three have been chemically castrated so as not to pose a danger at live performances.
Advertisement
The band passionately advocates for environmental causes and once recorded a song for deer to let them know not to get hit by cars: The song, “Just Stay In The Woods, You Idiots,” made history as the first song written for a deer audience to ever top the U.K. Singles Chart.
Coldplay is the third band to come from Europe, following in the footsteps of The Beatles and Godsmack: The band has done more than just about anyone over the past 20 years to refute the widely held stereotype of Europe as a musical and cultural wasteland.
Chris Martin met his ex-wife Gwyneth Paltrow when she was working as a stagehand on Coldplay's A Rush of Blood to the Head Tour: The couple later divorced in 2016, when Paltrow went to work on stage lighting for Billy Joel.
Advertisement
In the 2005 hit comedy The 40-Year Old Virgin, there's a memorable scene wherein two characters, played by Paul Rudd and Seth Rogen, trade insults while playing video games, improvising around the repeated line “Do you know how I know you're gay?” and one of the first answers to this query is, “Because you like Coldplay,” despite the fact that none of the band members are openly homosexual and none of their material explores LGBTQI themes, and one can gather that audiences likely found this ad lib humorous due to Coldplay's propensity for creating sensitive, emotional music—or “wuss rock,” as it is colloquially known—that is perceived as incongruous with classic societal notions of masculinity, and also because the band boasts a predominately female fan base and is thus not generally categorized as an act with obvious appeal to heteronormative male consumers, and hence, it is likely that audiences, upon hearing a stereotypical twentysomething male associate a popular band with homosexuality, weren't exactly laughing at homosexuality itself (although some very well may have been—prejudices vary from person to person), but rather the fragile masculinity embodied by the character delineating certain things in the zeitgeist as “gay” or “straight,” although the fact that this line was improvised opens up even more possibilities for meaning and intent, which will be discussed extensively here at a later date: Coldplay is a very popular band that people sometimes reference in conversation.
When President Donald Trump met with his counterparts from Australia and Japan on Monday in Manila, two other countries were on the leaders' minds -- China and North Korea.
The meeting among the U.S. president, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe signaled their growing concerns about China's power in the Indo-Pacific region -- and the potential threat that North Korea poses to its neighbors.
Trump and Turnbull have used the five-day ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) summit in the Philippines to rally other countries to impose tougher sanctions against the rogue North Korean regime. Monday's meeting was supposed to be bilateral, but it was altered at the last minute to include the Japanese leader.
“We've got the same values and the same focus,” Turnbull said about the meeting with Trump and Abe, adding that the North Korean missile crisis dominated the conversation, according to the Australian. The prime minister said the three countries were focused on stopping North Korea's “reckless provocation.”
“Peace and stability have underpinned the prosperity of billions of people over many decades and we're going to work together to ensure we maintain it,” he added.
Trump said progress has been made in trade talks -- a signature issue for the president, who campaigned heavily on his so-called “America First” agenda.
“We've made some very big steps in respect to trade” as a result of meetings during his Asian trip, he told reporters.
Meanwhile, Trump promised that there will be a "major statement" from the White House on Wednesday, possibly about trade and North Korea.
“We have deficits with almost everybody. Those deficits will be cut very quickly and very substantially,” the president said.
Both Trump and Turnbull were expected to hold another meeting Tuesday after asking ASEAN officials to schedule a dinner between them.
Being in a survival situation outdoors can be tough in any season, but being lost in the wilderness in the middle of winter can be especially dangerous. The cold can cause hypothermia to set in very quickly if your not prepared and can interfere with your ability to survive. It can cause drowsiness, confusion and memory loss as well as affect your coordination. Hypothermia starts when your body's core temperature drops below 95 degrees, which is only a few degrees below your normal temperature. This is why it can be so dangerous because it can happen very quickly, and once it starts you're in deep trouble. The most important thing you can do in a survival situation in the cold is to avoid letting your body temperature drop below that 95 degree threshold.
If you find yourself in an emergency situation in the winter, the first thing you should do is stay calm and don't panic. The last thing you want to do is wander aimlessly, getting more lost and burning up energy. Look for a highpoint and try to find landmarks or a nearby highway where you might be able to find help. If you do decide to keep moving, place markers along the way pointing in the direction you are traveling so that if people are searching for you they know what direction you are traveling. If there is no visibility and you're not close to any possible help, your best bet is to start building a shelter.
The two easiest way to find shelter is to make a tree line or rock shelter. The base of a large tree like a pine tree, will often have a snow free pocket around the base of the trunk or at least significantly less snow than the surrounding area. Try to dig down as low as possible and use things like pieces of bark or branches to create cover as well as insulate you from the cold ground. If you see any large boulders nearby, they often have natural partial shelters that you can get underneath. Use smaller rocks and boulders to create a windbreak wall on any exposed sides and plug any holes with snow or nearby debris. Staying out of the wind and keeping dry by creating a small pocket of protection like this can mean the difference of like and death.
If these 2 options are not available and there is heavy snow, your best bet is to create a snow cave. Even though snow is cold it can make a great insulator and keep you safe from dangerously low temperatures. Keep in mind that this will take longer to build so start early before it gets dark. Look for a large mound of snow and dig a tunnel about 2 feet in and then hallow out a small area to sit in above it. The main hallowed out area of your shelter should be elevated a foot or two above the tunnel you initially dug for the entrance. This will allow for the coldest air to sink to the floor and the warmest air to be near the top of the shelter where you will be sitting. Try to block the entrance way with a bag or debris to stop any wind from blowing cold air in your shelter. You should also make ventilation holes by using a stick to poke into the snow above.
For the best chances of survival when outdoors always make sure to tell someone where you are going and when you expect to be back. If you go missing, at least you have a chance of help coming to look for you who have a general idea of where you are. Also be prepared before you go anywhere remote and pack extra clothing in case what you're wearing gets wet and bring a small survival kit that will provide you with some basic tools when you need them most.
ISTANBUL — President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan of Turkey promised on Monday to introduce compulsory classes in Ottoman Turkish into the national school curriculum, regardless of public objections.
Ottoman Turkish is an older form of the national language, written in a type of Arabic script, with many words and phrases borrowed from Arabic or Persian. Its official use was discontinued in 1928 by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, the founder of modern Turkey, in favor of a more vernacular form of Turkish, written with the Latin alphabet.
“There are those who do not want this to be taught,” Mr. Erdoğan told the Religion Council in Ankara on Monday. “This is a great danger. Whether they like it or not, the Ottoman language will be learned and taught in this country.”
Some people see Mr. Erdoğan's move as reflecting a broader goal of restoring an Ottoman-like state. His remarks have added fuel to a debate set off last week by the National Education Council, which proposed that Ottoman language classes become mandatory at religious high schools and be offered as optional electives in secular high schools. The council also called for classes in “religious values” to be taught to children as young as 6.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
These shocking photos show the severe sunburn damage suffered by a pupil during a school trip to Spain.
Connor Pritchard, 15, was one of four pupils admitted to hospital for treatment on their return from a trip to Barcelona.
The pupils, from Buile Hill Visual Arts College, were burnt at a water park near the Spanish city.
Their headteacher backed his four staff members who accompanied the party of 41 pupils on the holiday saying they had done everything they could to warn the children about the dangers of being exposed to the sun, but a minority ignored them.
Teachers are not allowed to touch children to apply cream, Manchester Evening News reports.
The mum of one boy who suffered serious burns says she broke down after seeing her son's blistered body.
(Image: MEN)
Connor Pritchard, 15, required specialist treatment at the burns unit in the Royal Manchester Children's Hospital.
His mum, Estelle, 37, said: "When he stepped off the coach I could see the bulge of the blisters on his arm. He tried to lift his shirt up and I broke down when I saw the burns.
"No teacher hung around to speak to me. I just took one look and said 'right lets get you to hospital'.
"He had burns to his back, arms, and shoulders. There were four children in total from the school at the children's hospital. It was awful to hear them screaming.
"I had to watch as they scraped the damaged skin from Connor. It was terrible to see, he was in so much pain."
The school said parents had to sign a contract ahead of the trip which
included the importance of children protecting themselves with Factor 50 sun cream when told to do so.
But Mrs Pritchard, of Pendleton, said she was not given a contract from the school as Connor got a place on the trip late when another child pulled out.
(Image: MEN)
She added: "He was told in the morning before they went to water park to
put on sun lotion, which he did as I had packed him some Factor 15. But he
was not told again after that to top it up. They arrived at the park at
about 10 am and were there until after 4pm and it was very hot.
"I think it was total neglect on the part of the teachers.
"He had to travel for 26 hours on coach and ferry back from Barcelona in that state.
"He will remain a patient at the hospital for the next six weeks before they discharge him."
She added: "The only papers I got from the school were about the payment for the trip."
The incident occurred when 13 to 15 year olds went on a trip from July 6 to 12.
(Image: MEN)
Some of those burned have not returned to school as they were so badly injured.
The school is now considering not allowing any further trips abroad.
Headteacher, James Inman, said: "At a pre-trip meeting the children and their parents were warned about the dangers of the sun.
"They were instructed to bring and apply Factor 50 suncream regularly throughout the trip and both the children and their parents signed a code of conduct agreement. This explicitly states they must wear Factor 50 when exposed to the sun and follow teachers' instructions on this at all times.
"They were also reminded that teachers are not allowed to touch children to apply suncream.
"On the day of the pre-planned trip to a water park the group were told at breakfast and before leaving the coach on arrival to apply suncream and be careful of the sun. The group were positioned in a shaded area and reminded regularly during the day to keep applying sun cream.
"Unfortunately a small minority of children chose to ignore every one of these warnings and teachers' advice to protect themselves by staying in the shade during the day.
"Staff were very upset that the children did suffer burns but there was nothing they could do. The other children had a superb holiday and did not suffer sunburn because they followed instructions.
"We may need to review the whole issue of school trips if children refuse to follow explicit instructions which they have signed up to."
The battle for leadership of the PC party has quickly moved from testy to downright explosive.
The only women in the provincial party leadership race — Sandra Jansen and Donna Kennedy-Glans — suddenly dropped out Tuesday afternoon.
Both fled a competition they see as hostile to moderate ideas. In vivid language, Jansen claims she was harassed at the party's policy conference in Red Deer on the weekend.
“Insults were scrawled on my nomination forms,” she said in a statement Tuesday afternoon.
“Volunteers from another campaign chased me up and down the hall, attacking me for protecting women's reproductive rights, and my team was jeered for supporting children's rights to a safe school environment.”
This has been going on for months, says the Calgary MLA. “My social media has been filled with filth, my domain name purchased to direct people to smear (me).”
Jansen doesn't utter Jason Kenney's name, but her views on his campaign were clear to people who talked to her on the weekend.
She was especially upset, she said, to see four busloads of new youth members brought in by the Kenney forces.
They backed candidates who beat out longtime PC volunteers, in order to capture four seats on the executive of the PC Youth Association.
“Watching our dedicated youth volunteers — some of whom logged thousands of kilometres this year volunteering for this — discarded like that was heartbreaking,” Jansen says.
Boo-hoo, reply the Kenney loyalists. That's politics. Busing is a time-honoured tactic in a leadership contest, especially when the choice is made by delegates from each riding, not by party members at large.
But this is about much more than old-time elbowing in the corners. Longtime PCs fear the party is about to be swamped by intolerance.
Kennedy-Glans, a former Calgary MLA, is more restrained than Jansen, but makes much the same point.
“Right now, politics in Alberta is polarizing and there is limited opportunity for centrist voices to be heard,” her statement says.
She thanked the party and wished all the candidates well, then concluded: “Many Albertans are centrists, and sooner or later a centrist movement will take shape around them.”
The exit of these candidates signals yet another pitched battle in the Thirty Years' War of Alberta conservatism.
Preston Manning's Reform party, formed in 1987, eventually swallowed the federal PCs and became the federal conservatives.
Many progressives — certainly including Jansen — still bear the wounds.
They now see exactly the same thing happening in provincial politics. For them, the formation of Wildrose was a problem, but the prospect of Jason Kenney as the last PC leader amounts to a tragedy.
He now finds himself in a tougher fight.
It was obvious on the weekend that splitting the moderate vote among five candidates was campaign folly.
Now, three progressives remain — Stephen Kahn, Byron Nelson and Richard Starke. Two could yet drop off, leaving Kenney against a single traditional PC opponent.
The departure of the only women may hurt Kenney, but it's not good for the PC party, either. Women have run for the leadership in every race since 1992. Alison Redford won it in 2011.
Jansen has long seemed likely to quit the divided PC caucus, and now she might do it.
This leadership race was always fated to be a destructive brawl that risks turning the PC party into a smoking ruin — an outcome that might not be displeasing to Jason Kenney.
Don Braid's column appears regularly in the Herald
dbraid@postmedia.com
The bridge will connect Tangub, Misamis Occidental and Tubod, Lanao Del Norte
Published 2:15 PM, April 28, 2016
MANILA, Philippines – A $100.13-million loan agreement for the Panguil Bay Bridge in Misamis Occidental was signed on Thursday, April 28, by the Philippine government and the Export-Import Bank of Korea-Economic Development Cooperation Fund (KEXIM-EDCF).
This marks the first bridge infrastructure project of KEXIM-EDCF, aimed at increasing growth in Mindanao with reliable and efficient transport infrastructure connecting the northern and western areas.
National Treasurer Roberto Tan and KEXIM-EDCF chief representative Yongkeun Oh signed the loan agreement, kicking into motion the infrastructure deal.
The loan will finance the construction of a 4.19-kilometer (km) bridge across Panguil Bay, connecting the city of Tangub in Misamis Occidental and the municipality of Tubod in Lanao del Norte.
“I will continue to find ways to support Hillary Clinton and defeat Donald Trump,” said billionaire hedge fund manager Seth Klarman. | Getty Billionaire Seth Klarman backs Clinton, calls Trump's comments 'shockingly unacceptable'
A billionaire hedge fund manager who has donated to political action committees backing Jeb Bush, Chris Christie and Marco Rubio during this election cycle announced Wednesday that he now feels compelled to support Hillary Clinton for president.
Seth Klarman, president and CEO of The Baupost Group, told Reuters in a statement that he found recent comments from Donald Trump “shockingly unacceptable,” specifically those in which the Republican nominee suggested that the general election will be “rigged.” Klarman called that comment from Trump “particularly dangerous.”
Story Continued Below
“I will continue to find ways to support Hillary Clinton and defeat Donald Trump,” said Klarman, who donated $5,400 to the former secretary of state's campaign in June.
Klarman is registered as an independent voter and has given money to candidates from both parties in the past. According to filings reviewed by Reuters, the hedge fund manager previously donated money to Clinton's previous presidential campaign, as well as to Democratic Sens. Cory Booker and Mark Warner. But he has also donated to Republican campaigns, including those of Sen. John McCain and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani.
"He is completely unqualified for the highest office in the land,” Klarman said in his statement to Reuters.
Klarman's decision to publicly back Clinton and denounce Trump adds his name to a growing list of individuals who might otherwise support the GOP ticket abandoning it in favor of the Democratic one. Earlier this week, Hewlett Packard CEO and prominent Republican fundraiser Meg Whitman announced that she intends to fundraise for Clinton's campaign and vote for her in November's general election over Trump, whom she labeled a “demagogue.”
The mass defections from Trump come amid perhaps the roughest stretch yet of what has already been a rocky presidential campaign for the GOP nominee. Trump's latest controversies, which have included feuding with Gold Star parents who criticized him at the Democratic National Convention and refusing to endorse House Speaker Paul Ryan in his upcoming primary, have set off a fresh wave of concerns about his campaign's viability against Clinton, whose post-convention lead in the polls has grown dramatically in recent days.
Republican staff members and even lawmakers have begun to turn on Trump as well. Sally Bradshaw, a campaign manager for Bush's gubernatorial runs and a top adviser on his 2016 presidential bid, announced this week that she will vote for the former secretary of state if the election in her home state of Florida is close, and longtime Christie aide Maria Comella has made public her intention to break from her longtime boss and vote for Clinton.
Rep. Richard Hanna (R-N.Y.), who has already said he plans to retire at the end of his term, also announced in an op-ed earlier this week that he will break with his party and vote for Clinton this November. Rep. Adam Kinzinger (R-Ill.) also says he won't vote for Trump.
To accommodate its hiring spree (and thanks to a fundraising windfall), Uber is spending at least $250 million on new Bay Area offices, according to recent analysis.
BuildZoom, an online platform for finding contractors, combed through various building permits and other filings and determined that Uber is spending $130 million on its new San Francisco offices in the Mission Bay neighborhood, and $2 million renovating its new offices in Oakland.
According to plans filed by Uber, a privately held company reportedly valued at more than $50 billion, the Mission Bay location includes both a six-story building and an 11-story building that are connected by a landscaped walkway. Based on building permits filed by Uber, the 11-story unit will cost $66.6 million to build, while the six-story building will cost $57.6 million.
In Oakland, Uber announced last year that it had nabbed the old historic Sears building for $123.5 million and would renovate it. The folks at BuildZoom have found permits filed for this work that put the cost of renovations at $2 million, so far. However, BuildZoom notes that it's possible Uber may file additional permit requests that would increase that amount over time.
Having raised $7.4 billion in venture capital, Uber can no doubt afford these new digs, even as talk spreads of cooling VC spending this year. Still, Uber's aggressive real estate plans will likely one day stand as either a mark of its extreme confidence or a symbol of yet another era of startup excess.
Despite the cost disparity between the renovations, BuildZoom points out that the SF location, with 423,000 square feet, will have space for 3,000 employees, while the Oakland offices, with 380,000 square feet, will have room for 2,500.
It should also be noted that the previous owners of the Oakland offices were already in the process of spending $40 million to renovate that Sears building before Uber came along.
By the end of the 1980s, the story of the video game industry had become a Homeric epic. There was the rise and fall of Atari, the American company that defined both the art and commerce of video game development, placing games consoles in millions of homes and striking multi-million dollar deals with Hollywood before a market collapse saw the beleaguered company's games and machines literally buried in sand.
There was the Eastern saviour Nintendo, the century-old playing card manufacturer whose bright-eyed employee, Shigeru Miyamoto, designed games of such striking quality that they brought the industry back from the brink of oblivion. In the UK, a gaggle of nerdy young men, including David Braben, Peter Molyneux, Archer Maclean, and Jeff Minter, found fame by using the computer games they programmed in their bedrooms to escape Britain's troubles both at home (industrial strikes, economic shudders) and abroad (IRA bombings, war in the Falklands).
By 1990 things had begun to stabilise. The British games scene became defined by regional publisher-developers that operated out of computer shops or remote business parks. They burned games onto discs and cassette tapes before selling them from newsagents and computer stores. 17-Bit Software was one such outfit, based in a cramped office above an amusement park in Wakefield, West Yorkshire. A local entrepreneur, Michael Robinson, who also ran a popular chain of computer retail shops called Microbyte, started the company. His idea was simple yet ingenious: find the next generation of talented young game developers, sign their games the same way record labels sign bands, and sell their games through Microbyte stores.
Nineteen-year-old Andreas Tadic, a hobbyist programmer from Olofstrom, Sweden, was one of the first game-makers to appear on 17-Bit's radar. Tadic had just made a shoot-'em-up for the Amiga called HalfBright. (He later described the game as "technically impressive, but shite-looking.") Martyn Brown, who worked for Microbyte, called Tadic and suggested that he meet a young artist named Rico Holmes. They immediately became friends and, along with Swedish programmer Peter Tuleby, called themselves Team 7. Their first project was a Miami Vice-inspired racing game featuring a sunglasses-wearing and buzz-cut cop named Don Ferrari.
Miami Chase was published as a budget title by Codemasters, another upstart British company. It earned a highly-prized 82 percent review from famed British games magazine Amiga Power. Brown, who had followed the game's development keenly, suggested to Robinson that 17-Bit Software should not only publish games but make them, too. Brown even had a ready-made team: Holmes as artist, Tadic and Tuleby as programmers, and himself as project manager. Robinson agreed and moved Debbie Bestwick from her position as Microbyte's sales manager to commercial support for the new endeavour. Bestwick would eventually become the new company's CEO.
Finally, the group settled on a name for the company, merging the Swedes' "Team 7" with "17-Bit" to create Team17. Twenty-five years later, Team17 is one of the only British publishers from the era to survive and stay independent.
"My role would change from day to day," says Bestwick today. "Some days I'd be testing games, others designing, others looking over legal documents. The worst job came whenever we finally finished a new game. We would have to physically pack all of the components—the art, the instructions and so on—into the game boxes. It was all part of start-up life on a tiny budget."
Retail experience with Microbyte allowed the members of Team 17 to know what genres of games would sell well. But it was Tadic and Holmes' talent for programming and art that turned the concepts into bankable realities. Many of the company's early games, such as Full Contact, Alien Breed, Superfrog, and Project-X, were immediate hits. Within two years, Team17 had become the premier developer of games for the Amiga. No less than 90 percent of the studio's games reached the number one spot in the sales charts, while the studio's output accounted for more than 50 percent of all game sales on the platform.
In 1993, Team17 won a Golden Joystick award for "Software House of the Year," which they shared with EA, an American publishing company many times their size. But with success came hubris.
"We were a bunch of kids learning the hard way," says Bestwick, adding that the majority of stories from those early years are unprintable. "We had no real business leadership. If I can pass any advice onto any studio, person, or team that has a massive hit game today, it's this: don't take it for granted, keep your feet on the ground, and don't act like a bunch of rock stars."
Geopolitical tensions over Laos are on the rise, particularly given its unflinching approach to the construction of dams on the Mekong River
By David Hutt
On January 28, representatives from the four members of the Mekong River Commission – Cambodia, Laos, Thailand and Vietnam – met in Vientiane to discuss the controversial Don Sahong Dam, which is slated to be built in southern Laos.
Not for the first time, each of the three National Mekong Committees of Cambodia, Vietnam and Thailand voiced their opposition to the project. Groups including International Rivers and the WWF , as well as dozens of local NGOs, have speculated that the dam would cause monumental environmental damage and threaten the livelihoods of thousands who live downstream.
Lao authorities stuck to their guns. “For the development of the Mekong River, we don't need consensus,” Daovong Phonekeo, director general of Laos' Department of Energy Policy and Planning, told Voice of America after the meeting. In 1995, the four countries signed a treaty that requires consultation before constructing dams on the Mekong.
Laos' unflinching approach has put it “on a collision course with its neighbours”, according to an article in the Vietnamese state-run newspaper, Thanh Nien News.
Yet controversy over Laos' damming projects is nothing new. In 2012, Laos surprised many politicians and commentators when it announced during the Asia-Europe Summit, which it was hosting, that construction on the Xayaburi Dam would begin the day after the summit, despite strong opposition. Lao authorities contend that such dams are crucial to its own development as the hydropower produced can bolster electricity supply, and selling excess power to its neighbouring countries will be a boon to its underdeveloped economy.
However, the situation is now more complex than ever due to rising geopolitical tensions over the dams.
“At the core of the controversy… is China's role in supporting and financing dams in Laos,” Phuong Nguyen, a research associate for Southeast Asian studies at the US-based Centre for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) wrote in a 2014 report. She went on to state that China will have a hand in the construction of 19 dams on the Mekong, nine of which are being built in Laos.
According to Nguyen, this comes at the same time as Laos is seeking to expand its network of friendly countries. For much of the past four decades, since the communist Pathet Lao, with Vietnamese assistance, ousted a US-backed government, Vientiane has predominantly turned to Vietnam for political and financial support. But for the past decade or so, experts say Hanoi's influence in Laos has been curtailed by China. In 2013, it displaced Vietnam as the largest foreign investor in Laos.
Some commentators also believe that Laos' position and relationships are evolving. For example, investment and trade between Japan and Laos has increased substantially. In 2013, investment from Japan totalled $405m, a 15% increase from the previous year, according to Lao government figures. In the same year, the Wall Street Journal reported that the largest non-state company in Laos was the South Korean Kolao Holdings, a Hyundai and Kia manufacturer.
Nguyen added in her report that, at the same time, “a remarkable yet little-noticed development” has occurred, with the US increasingly seeing Laos as an important country in the region. Before, it was “isolated and often overlooked by US officials”.
Today, trade and investment between the two nations remains limited, but better relations can be found in the US' use of soft power. One of the centrepieces of its engagement in mainland Southeast Asia is the Lower Mekong Initiative (LMI), established in 2009 by the US alongside Vietnam, Thailand, Cambodia and Laos. Supported by the US Agency for International Development (USAID), it has invested money in educational, healthcare and capacity building in the region.
In February, Secretary of State John Kerry waded into the Lao dam debate in an op-ed for Foreign Policy, in which he described the Mekong as being “under threat” from the dams.
“I think what the US is doing is trying to stop China from gaining more power in Southeast Asia, and this is just another tactic,” said Wu Xinbo, director of the Centre for American Studies at Fudan University in China. “It is politically motivated, and is aggressive towards China. The Lao government wants to build dams and China is helping them.”
According to some, this is part of the much larger struggle between the US and China for influence in Southeast Asia. Around the late 2000s, the US embarked on a policy to restore its influence in the Asia-Pacific region in what has been called the ‘pivot to Asia'. Many in China have understood this as a move to contain Chinese expansion in the region.
One outcome of this pivot has been renewed good relations between the US and Vietnam. On a visit to Washington in 2013, the Vietnamese president, Truong Tan Sang, told reporters that both countries would work together “to ensure the long-term health and sustainability of the Mekong Delta”.
Martin Stuart-Fox, a retired professor and author of numerous books on Laos, agreed that the Vietnam-US relationship could, to some extent, be a factor in the latter's stance on Laos' dams. However, he believes that the role of the US has been overplayed and that the current tensions are based more on the historic competition between Vietnam and China for influence over Laos.
These factors come at a time when the future of Laos' foreign policy is being debated. Next year, the Lao People's Revolutionary Party – the sole legal political party in the country – will hold its 10th party congress, an event that takes place every five years and during which government policy is decided. As is often the case in the year leading up to each congress, speculation is rife over the potential reshuffling of the leaders in the central committee and the 11-person politburo – the country's highest decision-making bodies.
Adisorn Semyaem, a senior researcher at the Institute of Asian Studies Chulalongkorn University in Thailand, believes that there is currently a split in the party between a pro-Vietnamese faction – typically the older politicians from the revolutionary days – and a pro-Chinese faction. But he expects several pro-Vietnamese officials to retire at next year's congress, leading to the possibility that a pro-Chinese faction might take the upper hand in the Communist party. If this happens, Semyaem believes that it will be the tipping point, with Vietnamese influence waning and that of China growing.
However, there is a side to the story that is often overlooked in writing about Laos. As Oliver Turner, a research fellow in political economy at the University of Manchester, put it: “[Foreign commentators] tend to look at countries such as Laos as pawns in a global chess game. But they are more important than that and sometimes have the ability to steer developments in the region rather than just be passing observers.”
While geopolitical tensions over Laos may be on the rise, especially over its dam projects, it is by no means a passive and inactive player. For example, although China is investing a lot of money into the construction of the dams, its northern neighbour is certainly not forcing the landlocked nation into the situation, according to Stuart-Fox. Laos' dam aspirations are largely a simple matter of economic necessity. As a landlocked state with the smallest economy in the region, and arguably less attractive for foreign investment compared to Vietnam, Thailand and Myanmar, Laos has identified hydropower as the route to a more prosperous future.
This is made all the more important given that Laos' other major industry, mining, has seen its profits shrink in recent years, explained Jonathan McGrain, publisher of the online business magazine Laos Investment Review. “Growth in hydropower over the next few years is likely to more than offset the fall-off in mining profits. The government has said it plans to quadruple generation capacity between now and 2030 to realise its vision of becoming the ‘battery of Southeast Asia',” he said.
Carlyle A. Thayer, an expert on Southeast Asia at the University of New South Wales, went one step further and suggested that Laos' “Catch-22 situation” – between construction of dams, at environmental and political cost, and economic weakness – has, to some extent, been forced on it in the absence of any real alternatives from the international community: “The question is: What's in it for Laos not to continue with the dams?”
CMake support in Visual Studio – what's new in 2017 15.3 Preview
Will
We are excited to announce the first preview release of Visual Studio 2017 15.3 update in conjunction with our Build 2017 conference! This preview includes two new features of interest to developers utilizing CMake. Support for the CMake Ninja generator and CMake CTest integration in the IDE.
Please download the preview and try out the latest CMake features. If you are just getting started with CMake, follow the link to learn more about CMake support in Visual Studio. We are looking forward to your feedback.
Build with Ninja
You asked for support for more CMake build generators and we listened. The latest preview of the CMake tools for Visual Studio now support the Ninja build system. Keep in mind, this is a preview so there are a few limitations. The CMake tools for Visual Studio currently only support building for x86 and are not compatible with CTest. In addition, Ninja builds are currently only supported on 64-bit OSes. Don't worry though, these limitations will be resolved by the time 15.3 hits the public channel.
To get started with the Ninja generator, you will need to edit your CMakeSettings.json file. Right-click on your CMakeLists.txt file and select “Change CMake Settings” to navigate to or create this file if you don't already have one in your folder:
If you haven't added a CMakeSettings.json file to your folder yet, you will see something like this:
You can choose the Ninja generator by setting the “generator” tag of each configuration you want to build using Ninja. If you have an existing CMakeSettings.json file you will need to update the generator from “Visual Studio 15 2017” to “Ninja”. Keep in mind, there isn't support yet for x64 configurations.
The Ninja generator is selected by default for x86 builds in the preview releases of 15.3, but this will be changing once it is released to the public channel.
CTest Integration
New generators are great, but it is also important for developers to be assured of the quality of their code. The preferred way to do this with CMake projects is to use CTest. The good news, if you are already using CTest, you don't need to do anything. The latest preview of Visual Studio should detect the tests without any intervention on your part.
If you don't see the “Run Tests” menu item, make sure you are using the Visual Studio CMake generator in your CMakeSettings.json file. This limitation will be resolved in a future release.
Once you select “Run Tests” from the CMake menu or by right-clicking on your CMakeLists.txt file, your project will be automatically built, and your tests will run. The output is streamed to the CMake Output window – CTest is not yet integrated with the Test Explorer.
Send us Feedback
To try out the latest and greatest CMake features and give us some early feedback, please download and install the latest Visual Studio 2017 Preview. As always, we welcome your feedback. Feel free to send any comments through e-mail at cmake@microsoft.com, through Twitter @visualc, or Facebook at Microsoft Visual Cpp.
If you encounter other problems with Visual Studio 2017 please let us know via Report a Problem, which is available in both the installer and the IDE itself. For suggestions, let us know through UserVoice. We look forward to your feedback!
Even on days when the temperature is above zero, Illinois struggles to keep people here. They're leaving, in droves, for states with sunnier economic opportunities.
New census data and other figures reveal the cold hard truth: More people are moving away than coming, tipping Illinois last year into the dreadful category of states with declining populations. From July 2013 to July 2014, Illinois shrank by about 10,000 residents in all, joining other states in decline such as West Virginia, Connecticut and Alaska.
When demographer William Frey of the Brookings Institution analyzed the annual Census Bureau estimates, two facts jumped out at him. First, Florida overtook New York to become the third-most-populous state (after California and Texas). And second, Illinois is badly leaking people.
"The faucet is starting to turn up in terms of moving to the Sun Belt," Frey tells us. "Obviously states in the Northeast and Midwest, like Illinois, are going to be part of that surge." But still: "I was quite surprised by the Illinois out-migration and that there is negative growth."
Illinois has shown some economic gains in recent months. It also has well-documented woes: a state debt crisis largely driven by unfunded pension obligations, the country's worst credit rating, weak job growth. Oh yes, and winter. Though let's interject that most people seek good jobs rather than good weather.
The news about out-migration is a reminder that Illinois isn't a demographic island. This state struggles to compete with others for jobs and investment. What Illinois doesn't attract, what Illinois doesn't hold, Illinois loses to ... somewhere else.
Here's what's happening:
•Illinois suffered a net loss of 94,956 people in state-to-state migration last year, the highest rate in decades. That number is one part of an equation involving births, deaths and immigration from other countries that yields the overall population loss. But Illinois' state-to-state migration loss is the biggest contributor to that overall population decline, Frey says. The last year Illinois had lost population was 1987-88.
•Three moving companies that look at migration patterns all note the high number of Illinois expats in new reports. Each company puts Illinois in the top three states for outbound shipments; Allied Van Lines ranks Illinois No. 1 with 1,372 net outbound moves. While these are limited figures reflecting the movement of entire households, demographers take them seriously as a snapshot of behavior by more affluent Americans.
•The three states that attract the most Illinois residents are Texas, Florida and California, according to the Illinois Policy Institute, citing 2010 tax records, the most recent available. The moving companies see a lot of people heading for Oregon and North Carolina.
•The Census Bureau says North Dakota is the fastest-growing state. North Dakota? Confirmation that people go where the jobs are, regardless of the weather (although spring in Grand Forks is gorgeous).
Illinois has a long-standing pattern of losing people to other states. Generally, though, it has been offset by births and migrations from other countries. Things quieted during the economic crisis, but now the Sun Belt states are racing ahead again, because they have the right combination of job opportunities and affordable housing.
Michael Lucci, director of jobs and growth at the Illinois Policy Institute, told us Illinois is used to seeing 60,000 to 70,000 people a year go elsewhere, costing the state heavily in lost tax revenue.
What really unnerves Lucci is seeing the outbound number shoot past 90,000, thus dragging Illinois into an overall population decline. "We can't go negative on population and do that two years in a row or we'll really, really be in trouble," he said.
These are estimates, not hard figures, but they ring true. Illinois needs business expansion. More jobs. More investment. More economic opportunity to keep the population we've got, and lure transplants.
This is not a new call, but it comes with the opportunity of having a new governor, and with the urgency of monitoring a crucial economic sweepstake.
Right now, Illinois is losing.
The ultra-light superpower Node web framework
GitHub | NPM
Install
npm install --save vaxic
Basic usage
const Vaxic = require ( ' vaxic ' ) const app = new Vaxic ( ) app . add ( ' GET ' , ' /getEndpoint ' , ( req , res ) => { res . writeHead ( 200 ) res . end ( ' Hello. ' ) } ) app . listen ( 80 , ' 0.0.0.0 ' )
Extensions
Extensions are super powerful overlays you can add onto your app to add new functionality!
Two built-in extensions exist. One is called static . It can be used to serve static files.
app . use ( Vaxic . static ( ' /site ' ) )
The other built-in extension is called route. It can be used to route requests.
app . use ( Vaxic . route ) app . add ( ' POST ' , async ( req , res ) => { try { await res . route ( { ' origin ' : ' http://localhost:5135 ' } ) } catch ( err ) { res . writeHead ( 500 ) res . end ( ' Failed to route! ' ) } } )
Handles
Handles are methods you provide to be used as request handlers for specific requests.
You can target them by request method or by URL (or both or neither!)
Creating handles is as easy as...
app . add ( ' POST ' , ( req , res ) => { console . log ( req . body ) } )
Regular expressions in handles
Regular expressions can be used as handle URL targets!
app . add ( ' GET ' , / ^ \/ api / , ( req , res ) => { } )
The Request and Response classes, extended
Vaxic request and response objects passed to handlers extend the http.ClientRequest and http.ServerResponse objects.
How Vaxic changes ClientRequest
Vaxic adds the body property to requests which contain a body. (Ex. POST requests with bodies.)
Vaxic changes the url property of ClientRequest by URL parsing it into a URL object. (Without its querystring parsed.)
How Vaxic changes ServerResponse
Vaxic adds the endGzip, endDeflate, and endCompressed methods to the http.ServerResponse object.
ServerResponse.endGzip(body, statusCode, ?headers, ?cb)
ServerResponse.endDeflate(body, statusCode, ?headers, ?cb)
ServerResponse.endCompressed(body, ?statusCode:200, ?headers, ?cb)
All of the compression methods add the appropriate content-encoding header. Use endCompressed to autodetect the preferred compression method of the client based on the accept-encoding header.
Using another HTTP server package (such as HTTPS)
If you'd like to use your Vaxic app with another HTTP server such as Node's built-in HTTPS module, you can do so using app.serverHandler .
For example:
const https = require ( ' https ' ) https . createServer ( app . serverHandler ) . listen ( 80 )
Creating extensions
Making extensions is easy! Extensions are just methods to which requests are passed before (or instead of) being handed over to handles.
( req , res , next ) => { res . setHeader ( ' Powered-By ' : ' Vaxic-Engine ' ) next ( ) }
Calling next() in extension handler methods is important because it allows the request to propagate to the next applicable handler. (An extension or handle.)
Async / Promise handler methods for handles and extensions
Async or Promise-returning functions may be used as handlers in handles and extensions.
If a promise returned by a Promise-based handler is rejected, the rejection will be caught and a promiseHandleRejection (for handles) or a promiseExtensionRejection (for extensions) will be emitted with the error from the Vaxic instance.
Ex. for Async handle handlers:
app . add ( ' GET ' , ' /async ' , async function ( req , res ) { } )
Ex. for async extension handlers:
Is cheerleading more dangerous than other sports?
In part one of this series on cheerleading, I discussed a recent policy statement from the American Academy of Pediatrics. In that statement, the AAP's Council on Sports Medicine and Fitness recommended that cheerleading be designated as a sport. The statement also provided some useful injury statistics and recommendations to try to prevent cheerleading injuries.
Here in part two of this series, I will share some of the data provided by the American Academy of Pediatrics based on epidemiology studies of injuries in the sport. In part three, I will share some of the committee's recommendations for injury prevention and add my own perspective.
The injury rate in cheerleading varies by age and skill level.
In terms of injuries per 1000 athletic exposures, college cheerleaders have the highest injury rate at 2.4 injuries per 1000 exposures. After college cheerleading, the next highest were elementary school (1.5), high school (0.9), all-star (0.8), middle school (0.5), and recreational (0.5).
Compared to other girls' high school sports, high school cheerleading has a lower overall injury rate.
Again in terms of injuries per 1000 exposures, the sports with the highest injury rates among female high school athletes are gymnastics (8.5), soccer (5.3), basketball (4.4), field hockey (3.7), softball (3.5), volleyball (1.7), and cheerleading (0.9).
Stunting accounts for a majority of injuries.
Up to 60% of all cheerleading injuries and 96% of concussions and closed head injuries result from stunting. Up to 66% of head and neck injuries result specifically from pyramid stunts. Other common mechanisms of injury are spotting and basing (23%), tumbling (up to 26%), and falls from heights (up to 25%).
Head and neck injuries are uncommon in cheerleading compared to other sports, but they are increasing.
In terms of concussion rates per 1000 exposures, the girls' high school sports with the highest rates of concussions are soccer (0.36), basketball (up to 0.21), and lacrosse (0.20). While the rate of concussions in cheerleading is low (0.06 per 1000 exposures), the rates of concussions increased by an average of 26% per year between 1998 and 2008. This increase was faster than that of any other girls' sport.
Cheerleading accounts for the majority of the catastrophic injuries that occur in female sports.
These catastrophic injuries in cheerleading include cervical spine injuries, skull fractures, and closed head injuries that result in permanent brain damage, paralysis, or death. Between 1982 and 2009, 65.0% of direct catastrophic injuries in female high school athletes resulted from cheerleading. At the collegiate level, cheerleading accounted for 70.8% of the direct catastrophic injuries.
Several factors are thought to lead to an increased risk for injuries in cheerleading.
Different studies have shown that these risk factors include performing stunts, cheering on harder surfaces, a higher body mass index, prior musculoskeletal injury, and coaches with lower levels of experience or training.
Reference:
Cheerleading Injuries: Epidemiology and Recommendations for Prevention. Council on Sports Medicine and Fitness. Pediatrics; Volume 130, Number 5, November 2012.
Folks on T-Mobile's affordable $40 Simple Starter plan have likely been loving the unlimited talk and text, plus 500GB of LTE data for $40 per month, but what happens when they decide they're no longer a light user? Thankfully T-Mobile's introduced an inexpensive avenue for greatly increasing that pool of high speed data.
The company has announced a new $5 upgrade option that will net you a full 2GB of data on their LTE network, effectively quadrupling your allowance without quadrupling your bill. Unfortunately the Simple Starter plan still kicks you off the data network as soon as you hit that limit, though getting four times the data for just another $5 should help make up for that.
T-Mobile seems to have no shortage of moves to help bring competition back to the United States wireless sector. We've seen the other big 3 carriers begin to roll out more affordable plans as a result of T-Mobile's aggressive strategy, and the Uncarrier still isn't satisfied.
It's continuous beneficial changes like these that will keep netting them millions of customer additions each quarter, and as long as they can maintain momentum and a solid network it won't be long before they're no longer seen as the underdog. The new plan is available for both existing and new customers starting September 3rd.
[via T-Mobile]
A new Acer Chromebook 11 has showed up at Computex Taipei 2017. This one is a beast when it comes to specs, 8 GB RAM, Core i5 or Core i3 processor and a touchscreen. This however is not a convertible model.
Why you ask? Because this is a Chromebook for the education market. Now, don't ask me who will buy 8 GB RAM and i5 Chromebooks for students, and I have no answer for that question. It is hard to beleieve that Acer will make such a device without any information about the market.
Here is the pecs sheet, at least what is available for now:
7th Gn Intel Coe i3/i5 Celeron Processors
Military Grade Impact Resistence
Unique Liquid Drainage Design
Up to 13-hour Battery Life.
RAM options are available from 2GB to 8GB. That sounds more like an Education Chromebook.
USB Type C Included
The design looks neat and solid. For ports, you get USB Type C, HDMI, USB-A 3.0, and headphone jack on the left. On the right, you get a MicroSD card slot, another USB-A and Kensington lock.
The device does not have Play Store support yet, but that's not surprising given the way things are going these days.
We should wait for more details in coming days, from Acer or from an Amazon listing. Stay tuned for more!
Source: office-kabu.jp. Via 鈴木章史. Thank you so much, Brent Sullivan!
Valley News Staff Writer
Royalton — Residents opposed to a massive settlement planned in four White River valley towns have scheduled a protest for Friday on the Chelsea Street Bridge.
In response to Utah developer David R. Hall's vision of an eco-friendly, sustainable city of thousands in the hills of Royalton, Sharon, Strafford and Tunbridge, community members will gather at 5 p.m. to voice their disapproval.
“This rally is the first public statement from the local people who David Hall is ignoring,” Randy Leavitt, one of the organizers, said over the phone Monday. “He has said to me, in particular at a public meeting over the phone, that ‘of course the local people don't want this — local people don't want change; they have to be educated first.' I'm thinking that maybe he needs to be educated first.”
Leavitt, a Royalton resident, said he was a member of “Friends of the Four Corners,” a small group of planners, municipal officials and other citizens concerned about the development, known as a NewVista.
The group, which is small enough to fit in a living room, organized the protest and is just beginning to “stick its neck out” in public, he said.
Another demonstration is slated for this week near Hall's home in Provo, Utah. Concerned residents of the Pleasant View neighborhood, an area where he has acquired several properties, oppose his plan to build a prototype NewVista community there and plan to meet for a protest on Thursday.
“We have a lot of people who feel very strongly about what the future (of the neighborhood) looks like,” neighborhood Chairman R. Paul Evans said Monday. “They'd like to see their dreams pursued, and are not happy that David Hall's singular dream seems to be impacting all of us.”
Concerned residents in Utah and Vermont have been using social media to communicate from afar, trading information and strategizing across their Facebook pages. Hall has been active online, too, making appearances on the same pages to respond to his critics.
For his part, the wealthy developer cast his local critics as a vocal minority.
“The neighborhood chairman thinks that everyone is on his side, and that's not true,” Hall said in a telephone interview on Monday.
The Utah protest will take place a few hundred feet from Hall's house, and he said he had invited his neighbors to visit him there for more information about NewVista — and to come meet area residents who supported him.
Hall said his supporters were homeowners, who “feel (the protesters are) just driving down the price of their homes.”
He also emphasized that his plans were far from reaching fruition. Although he already has acquired about 30 percent of the 5,000 acres he covets in Vermont, the technology necessary to realize his vision could take decades to create, he said.
Evans also said his goal was to demonstrate that Hall faces significant opposition — not the support he claims. The neighborhood chairman said he had received supportive statements from Utah politicians at the local and state levels that he planned to read at the protest.
Soon after news broke, back in March, that Hall had been buying property in the White River valley, the developer made assurances that he would seek to convince the community that his plans had merit — and that, if he failed, he wouldn't press the issue.
“If the people of Vermont can't come to really love the concept, it's not going to be done,” Hall said at the time. “And that's OK. I'm OK with that. Developers shouldn't be able to force things on people.”
On Monday, Hall described the protesters' opposition to the NewVista model as a simple lack of understanding.
“Oh, absolutely, they want it to stay single-family homes, absolutely,” he said. “But they don't understand that's not sustainable for the next generation and the generation after that. It's a cultural battle. Do we move away from single-family homes and more density and have that style of life, or do we stay with single-family homes?”
Rob Wolfe can be reached at rwolfe@vnews.com or at 603-727-3242.
Correction
Utah developer David Hall has purchased about 1,500 acres — or 30 percent — of the 5,000 acres he hopes to acquire for his proposed NewVista community in Royalton, Sharon, Strafford and Tunbridge. An earlier version of this story understated how much property he has purchased.
Critics might not have enjoyed Warcraft all that much, but Star Wars: Episode VIII director Rian Johnson did. He wrote on Twitter that he didn't get a chance to see it until now, due in part to how busy he was shooting Episode VIII. Now that the film has wrapped, he saw the movie and called it "glorious."
Missed it while we were shooting but FINALLY got to see @ManMadeMoon's Warcraft. It's a glorious trio - human, emotional, and mëtal. See it! — Rian Johnson (@rianjohnson) September 29, 2016
Jones responded to Johnson's tweet, saying he is glad that Johnson enjoyed the big-budget action movie based on Blizzard's video game franchise. He also joked to Johnson, "How's your little indie going?"
Episode VIII is scheduled to come out in December 2017. Jones' next film, meanwhile, is the lower-budget sci-fi movie Mute that stars Alexander Skarsgard as a mute bartender. Paul Rudd also stars in the movie. After years of development, the movie finally started shooting this week in Berlin.
In other news about Mute, Skarsgard told Empire that the film will be released on Netflix with a limited theatrical run at the same time. This is the same setup as Netflix's Beast of No Nation.
Jones has said he would like to return to the Warcraft franchise, as he has ideas for a trilogy. Whether or not he gets to make a second film will depend on how well the first one does. It wrapped up its box office run with more than $430 million worldwide, the bulk of which came from international markets. Earlier this month, the film was released Blu-ray/DVD, as well as digital channels.
Although Warcraft, which had a reported budget of $160 million before marketing, is projected to ultimately be a money-loser, a sequel could still happen.
A Lancaster mother is headed to jail after pleading guilty in court to two counts of endangering children
30-year old Jessica Hachat - a licensed teacher - was working a summer lunch program when detectives say she had sex with the boys, who are special needs children.
It was an emotional day in court on Friday as Hatchet made a tearful apology for having sex with two special needs boys, while a parent of the victims called Hatchet a sorry excuse for a mother, a woman and a human being.
“I've made a terrible mistake. (It was) a decision that does not align whatsoever with my character. I'm very sorry,” Hachat said in court on Friday.
Her apology rang hollow with a mom - who 10TV is not identifying - whose son had sex with Hatchet inside their home. “A predator is person who ruthlessly exploits others and I believe that label undoubtedly describes Jessica Hachat.”
Pictured: Jessica Hachat
She sat quietly, her eyes welling with tears as she listened to the tongue-lashing from the furious mother. “You are an animal that belongs in a cage and should never be allowed to instill morals, values or beliefs into another person,” said the mother.
The victim's mother also explained how her special needs child became a victim of an older woman's desire for sex. “It is absolutely heartbreaking that you took advantage of his innocence and his condition,” she vented in court.
Detectives say Hachat met one of her victims at the West Afterschool Summer Lunch Program in Lancaster. That special needs 17-year old boy introduced another 17-year-old - who is also special needs - to Hatchet.
While the second 17-year-old wasn't in court, his father read his impact statement. “If I didn't do what I did, my family wouldn't be in this situation and we would all be happy,” he said.
The Fairfield County prosecutor admits this would have been a difficult case to try before a jury because both victims admitted to having consensual sex with Hatchet.
She could have served 180 days on both counts, but instead will serve just three days in a Lancaster jail.
About
Risks and challenges
I had several working experiences with various companies in different areas of design. I designed lamps, chairs, objects for personal use, and for the house, so I learned how to interact with manufacturers according to the optimization of processes and costs, as well as to expand my knowledge in the field of materials and processes production (all with passion and enthusiasm!)
As of the launch of this project,a working prototype has already been achieved, starting from the three-dimensional model and involving the companies selected for the final production. So that all stages of production have been carefully assessed and defined.
The preliminary marketing is beginning to be put in place, and the packaging and sales support materials are shaping up.
The entire value stream has been carefully selected within Italy, to keep things close to home and largely within my existing manufacturing relationships; companies with whom I have already worked and that I trust with regard to the quality of the final object. This to ensure the accuracy of a product 100% designed and made in Italy!
I've run the numbers of the business plan and we are right on track at this point: ready for a Kickstarter launch!
All that is left to get this product is for you to agree with our vision by pledging to support the project.
Share 0 SHARES
A LARGE stack of money has announced that it will make a run for the White House in 2016.
The pile of cash, estimated to be around 1.2 billion US dollars, said yesterday at a special press conference in Washington DC that it would seek the presidency next year.
“I'm running for the oval office,” the money told a packed conference room. “I will begin my campaign immediately and start touring the United States as early as next week”.
Reports claim the centre of the large pile of money's campaign pitch will be its “simple approach” to the election process: ‘scaling back on everything but the financial element behind a regular presidential campaign'.
“Why waste time with people and merchandise that are basically just fronts for the real fuel behind a US presidential bid – money,” said a spokesperson for the legal tender. “Scaling back to the bare essentials is the way forward. Money talks so why not let it run for office?”
It is believed the $1.2bn will also stress its attempt to become the first ever stack of cash to sit in the Oval Office.
“We expect its value to drop to seven hundred million by election time, but it will be enough to sustain a four year term as president”.
Meanwhile, former Secretary of State and first lady Hillary Clinton also announced her presidential bid yesterday evening, raising fears that Monika Lewinsky may be one step closer to annihilation by drone strike.
Northern Kentucky University and the Norse athletic department are set to air new television commercials that highlight the school's academics and athletics.
Since upgrading to Division I three years ago and joining the Atlantic Sun Conference, NKU has struck a deal with ESPN 3 to broadcast all of the men's and women's basketball games.
The NKU marketing and communications department worked with Bright Light USA in Cincinnati to finalize and produce the TV ads. The commercials showcase the modern academic programs and also the athletic programs that have already established a foothold in Division I.
“Consistently updating and refreshing our advertising materials is important,” said Kelly Martin, assistant vice president of marketing and communications at NKU. “The new commercials illustrate our commitment to putting our students and student-athletes first, and our cultivating leaders that will leave a lasting impact no matter what career pursue, or what sport they may play while they are here.”
“Being relatively young as a DI program, we wanted to introduce the nation to Northern Kentucky and Norse athletics,” said Bryan McEldowney, assistant athletic director for communications and media services. “It was important for us to celebrate the pageantry of intercollegiate athletics while building excitement for the NKU athletic programs.”
These commercials will be aired on all future broadcasts on both ESPN 3 and Asun.TV platforms. All home men's and women's basketball games, as well as select men's and women's soccer, softball, and volleyball contests will air on ESPN3. Home baseball games will be broadcast on ESPN3.
Campus spot:
Athletics spot:
Staff report
Weight-gate is not going away.
Following a controversial morning at the UFC 210 weigh-ins involving Daniel Cormier making weight for his main event fight against Anthony “Rumble” Johnson, former champion Jon Jones has now given his opinion on the matter.
The entire situation started when Cormier stepped onto the scale and the New York Commission read his official weight at 206.2 pounds. Because Cormier is competing in a championship bout he had to weight 205-pounds or less or risk the matchup turning into a non-title fight.
Article continues below ...
Cormier returned to the scale two minutes later flanked by towels as he removed his clothes, but this time he hit the mark at 205-pounds exactly.
Replays of the weigh-ins showed that Cormier had his hands on the towel in front of him, which has been alleged as a trick to alleviate some of the pressure from the scale so he would appear to be 205-pounds rather than the heavier weight that was previously recorded.
Jones is in Buffalo watch the event on Saturday night, but he was asked for his opinion on the matter and the former champion ripped Cormier for what he believed was a dirty trick to help him make weight.
“That was absolutely nuts. I couldn't believe what I was witnessing,” Jones said on Friday. “If you focus on his hands, you can see him looking down and like balancing out his weight just right to make 205 [pounds]. What a clever trick. Pretty dishonest of him.
“The crazy thing is that it was allowed to happen. I would imagine there would be some type of commission to go back and see this blatant foul play and address it. No one's addressed it. They just got away with doing one of the dirtiest things I've seen in sports.”
Cormier claimed after the weigh-in that he had no idea about any trick to manipulate his weight by holding onto the towel.
Instead, Cormier explained that he was holding onto the towel to avoid exposing himself to the audience sitting in front of him at the weigh-ins.
Regardless of the incident, the main event for Saturday night is official as Cormier puts his title on the line against Johnson with the winner likely meeting Jones later this year.
6. Cargo transport
Cargo transport works slightly different from passenger transport. First of all, cargo needs their own train and trucks stations; you can't use a passenger station to transport cargo. Second, different industries require different cargo items to be delivered to them. Third, cargo will be moved around automatically (and very slowly) even if you don't connect a line to it.As of this writing, cargo transport is still being tweaked. I will update this guide as things change, but here is how things work as of right now (September 2014).First, click on the "Cargo" data layer (in the bottom right of your screen) to see cargo move itself from one industry to another. This very handy data layer is ideal to determine where to create your transport lines, so use it wisely!Also, to see which cargo goes where and how much of it is produced, locate each of the industrial plants and click on them for more information. You'll want to focus on industries that are already producing something and moving that cargo to other, nearby industries or towns.The simple way of describing the industry chain in the game is as follows: raw materials are transferred to factories that produce goods, which are then moved to commercial buildings in towns and cities. In other words, a successful transport chain will move raw materials to factories and the goods from factories to commercial buildings in towns.If you do this correctly, more raw materials will be produced, which will lead to a higher production of goods, which will cause the towns and cities that are served with goods to grow faster.Every town has a certain demand for goods that you can view by clicking on the town name. By fulfilling this demand (i.e., transporting goods from factories to towns), you will grow the amount of goods that each factory will make. In other words: make sure that you transport goods to various different towns, as simply delivering the raw materials to the factories will not lead to higher production!Image below: red circle shows the requirement (in this case, wood); yellow circle shows the current and max production for this location - this can go up if you connect a line to this location; green circle shows a product being moved independently of your transport lines.It's sometimes a bit tricky to create a successful transport chain, so experiment away - you'll see how it all works soon enough. Some basic guidelines follow below.- You'll often find that certain industries are located far away from each other. In the beginning, try to connect only industries and towns that are relatively close to each other and are already producing items before you connect them.- Transport goods from one factory to multiple cities to make sure the demand on the factory is high and the goods production will increase fast.- Many industrial locations are located in hills. Use the contour data layer to determine how you can reach other industrial locations and towns; if the hill is too steep, you will have a very difficult time connecting a train line. If the distance isn't too much, try using road transport at first. It'll be slow, but cheaper to build (roads usually already exist) and vehicles have less difficulty travelling on steeper slopes. For more tips on hills and slopes, see the advanced tips below.- When building cargo stations for towns, try to put them as close as possible to the industrial districts (blue areas). The goods you deliver to your station will still need to travel further into town and the end location of all goods is always an industry building.- All cargo stations have a maximum capacity. Keep in mind what this maximum is; if more cargo arrives at a cargo stop than it can store, it will simply be discarded! Always use the cargo data layer to figure out which cargo is going where.- Keep an eye out on your cargo routes. You may want to add more vehicles or put more cars on your cargo trains when they increase their production! Each station will show much it holds, each industrial location will show how much it produces, and the cargo layer will show more and more cargo travelling from each location, so look at all of them from time to time.
The California motorist who pulled over to rescue a rabbit from a monster wildfire may have actually made things worse for the animal.
Experts advise that wildlife spotted near a fire should be left alone, especially desert cottontail rabbits like the ones known to live in southern California.
According to Live Science, the rabbits are still giving birth to litters around this time of year and keep them safe underground in their burrows.
Essentially, interfering, no matter how good the intentions, could do far more harm for the ecosystem than good.
'If you encounter a wild animal in our neighborhood, leave it alone,' California Fish and Wildlife spokesperson Peter Tira told SFGate back in October as wildfires were raging in Northern California.
'Fire or no fire, just let the animals be,' he said. 'Fire is something animals have to deal with constantly.'
The California motorist who pulled over to rescue a rabbit from a monster wildfire may have actually made things worse for the animal. The man pulled over in Ventura County to rescue the critter on Wednesday
Experts warn that wildlife spotted near a fire should be left alone, especially desert cottontail rabbits like the ones known to live in southern California. The rabbits are still giving birth to litters around this time of year and keep them safe underground in their burrows
Very few animals die in wildfires as most go underground to protect themselves, according to the US Forest Service.
The warning comes after a video showing a Good Samaritan stopping his car along Highway 1 to rescue a rabbit from a fire has gone viral.
A news photographer for KABC who happened to be in Ventura County on Wednesday, covering the Thomas Fire, captured the moment the unnamed driver risked his life to save the furry critter from the flames.
The footage shows the man trying to grab the rabbit that's hopping away as the hot flames inch closer to them.
Very few animals die in wildfires as most go underground to protect themselves, according to the US Forest Service. The warning comes after a video showing a Good Samaritan stopping his car along Highway 1 to rescue a rabbit from a fire has gone viral (above)
The short video shows the unidentified man trying to save the rabbit from the intense flames part of the Thomas Fire that's burning in Venura County
In the short video documenting the man's act of courage and compassion, the motorist - a young man wearing a red hooded sweatshirt and a pair of athletic shorts - appears increasingly anxious for the rabbit's safety.
He jumps up and down a couple of times, as if mimicking the critter's own motions, and desperately tries to capture it.
A few tense seconds later, the seemingly doomed rabbit turns tail on the savage fire and finally approaches its rescuer.
The man then gently scoops up the furry animal, cradles it in his arms and tries to make it comfortable.
The video sows the man gently scoop up the furry animal and cradle it in his arms. It's unclear where he ended up taking the tiny wildfire survivor
KABC reported that the valiant animal lover declined to be interviewed at the scene. It's unclear where he ended up taking the tiny wildfire survivor.
Social media users who viewed and shared the video of the rabbit's improbable rescue hailed the anonymous man a hero for putting himself in harm's way to save an animal's life.
The Thomas Fire, the largest of the area's wildfires, ignited on Monday and so far has charred more than 95,000 acres and destroyed more than 150 homes.
After causing some 50,000 residents of Ventura County to flee their homes over the past three days, the inferno continued its westward push on Thursday, forcing a few hundred Santa Barbara County residents to be evacuated and the closing of coastal Highway 101 north of Ventura city.
According to the latest reports, the Thomas fire is only 5 per cent contained.
Behind the pristine business attire and impeccable offices, banks in the United States have a secret: Their public faces — tellers and salespeople — are harried working-class people. These bank employees don wide smiles and deliver well-rehearsed pitches in their daily dealings with customers, but they earn low wages, face job instability and contend with demands that make them choose between ethical practices and keeping their jobs.
Now, bank tellers in the United States will ask for the same protections enjoyed by workers across the world: a union — and they're fighting not only to take care of themselves, but also to take care of their customers.
On Tuesday, over 15,000 U.S. bank workers with the Spain-based bank Santander will declare their intent to establish this country's first bank workers' union. They'll deliver petitions, take over corporate lobbies and begin the long struggle to bring collective bargaining to an industry with predatory practices and lots of low-wage workers. And across the world, in European and South American countries with strong banking unions, hundreds of thousands of bank employees are expected to demonstrate in solidarity.
"In every other developed economy in the world, bank worker unions are the backbone of the labor movement," Teresa Casertano, the global campaigns manager for the Committee for Better Banks, which was instrumental in developing the union effort, said in an interview. "They're strong unions with the highest union density, and they usual have broad sectoral bargaining so that every bank worker is covered."
Mark Von Holden/AP Santander is an international bank — employees of the bank in many other countries enjoy collective bargaining rights.
The U.S. bank workers have three demands. The first is greater wages and greater share of the profits, and the second is stable, full-time jobs. Crisp uniforms and polished storefronts aside, bank tellers are solidly low-wage employees — and wages have only taken a downturn over the past decade; as of May 2015, the median annual wage for a bank teller was $26,410.
The third demand isn't just about protecting workers or shoring up their jobs — it's about stopping predatory banking practices that pit bank workers against their own communities.
When it comes to consumer banking's more devious practices, like hawking off high-interest loans or subprime auto loans, it's the salespeople and tellers who end up convincing hapless customers to sign on. The pressure on bank salespeople comes in the form of overbearing quotas and benchmarks that they have to meet for fear of losing their jobs. Santander workers wishing to remain anonymous told Mic that this can even mean hourly quotas that don't give salespeople adequate time to explain the fundamental terms of the loans. The victims are often people of color and neighbors in their communities.
So that third demand for the bank workers is an end to the overbearing quotas that perpetuate these exploitative tactics.
Manu Fernandez/AP On Tuesday, 15,000 workers will present their intent to start a union for bank workers.
"These workers are caught between doing what's good for the customers and being able to provide for their families," said Arnise Porter, an organizer with the Communications Workers of America.
Porter has spent the past year working with Santander Consumer USA workers in Dallas, where many of the subprime auto loans are sold. Workers tell Porter that the office has a nepotism problem, with family members being hired or promoted over the qualified or experienced. On Tuesday, she'll join a group of nearly 50 Santander employees in a lobby takeover of the Santander Consumer USA offices.
The Dallas contingent will also deliver so-called neutrality letters asking the bank to respect a fair election for union formation, as delegations of bank workers in New York City and Boston deliver signed petitions making their demands.
The American banker workers won't be alone in their demonstrations.
In other countries like Brazil, banker worker unions are a staple of collective bargaining power and the labor movement. Contraf-Cut, the Brazilian bank workers union that has gone on strike every year since 2004, ended their longest strike ever — of 31 days — in October, winning an annual 8% wage increase and raises in food and childcare allowances.
Yasuyoshi Chiba/Getty Images In countries like Brazil, bank worker strikes are regular methods of obtaining better wages for workers.
And so, the low-wage bank workers of the world will stand in solidarity with Santander employees as they begin their fight Tuesday. In Brazil, over 130,000 bank employees will open their bank branches an hour late, spending that time briefing the nation's bank workers on the American initiative while a rally is held at Santander's corporate headquarters in Brazil.
In Argentina, there will be rolling strikes throughout the banking sector, where different banks will close for a day throughout the week — they'll present similar demands as American workers, and hold marches and rallies. In Italy, Portugal, Spain and Germany, delegations of Santander bank workers will deliver letters of support to European banking officials.
The international support isn't just symbolic. The CBB initially kicked off the union drive at the urging of organizers in São Paulo and other foreign banking unions like UNI Global. The logic is that when international banks are introduced to the U.S. labor force — where labor has been systematically weakened — they want to spread those practices to workers in other countries where those banks do business, the CBB's Casertano said.
Pablo Blazquez Dominguez/Getty Images Santander workers have three demands, one of which is an end to quotas that force workers to hawk exploitative loans onto customers without being able to properly explain the terms of those loans.
"One third of the bank workers in the world work in the United States, so when U.S. banks go into other counties, they want to act the way they act in the U.S. — in a nonunion environment," Casertano said.
The 15,000 workers beginning the unionization process have a long road ahead; they expect resistance from the bank. As one Santander worker, who asked to remain anonymous for fear of retaliation, said in an interview, many front-line employees have decided that internal human resources procedures and relationships with management are dead ends to achieving their basic rights in the workplace.
"We live in fear at Santander, and without a voice," she said. "When we have a union, we will have a voice."
Image copyright Rex Features Image caption Elliott Spencer has yet to comment on the proposed marriage to Stephen Fry
Stephen Fry has confirmed he is to marry his partner, Elliott Spencer.
Comedian and writer Fry, 57, has given formal notice to wed Mr Spencer, 27, at a register office in Dereham, Norfolk, near where he grew up.
Writing on Twitter after The Sun newspaper revealed the marriage plans, Fry said: "Oh. It looks as though a certain cat is out of a certain bag.
"I'm very very happy of course but had hoped for a private wedding. Fat chance!"
Image copyright Twitter/@ElliottGSpencer Image caption A photo of the couple had been posted on Elliott Spencer's Twitter profile
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Stephen Fry appeared alongside Orlando Bloom in the recent Hobbit films
The pair is thought to have started their relationship last year.
Fry, a director of Norwich City Football Club, has been a familiar face on television since the 1980s and is most recently known for presenting the comedy quiz show QI, as well as for acting roles in The Hobbit and the latest series of 24.
His personal assistant said: "Stephen Fry is very happy and proud to say that he has set the wheels in motion for a wedding sometime in the future but no date has been set due to a busy work schedule."
Image copyright Twitter/@stephenfry
According to documents on display in Norwich, the wedding will take place in Breckland Business Centre, which houses the register office.
The ceremony room is the "outstanding feature" of the building, according to the Norfolk County Council website.
It says: "Decorated in a modern style, in shades of turquoise, lilac and purple, there is seating for 40 people."
On the paperwork, Fry gives his occupation as an actor, while Mr Spencer is listed as a writer.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Stephen Fry said on Twitter that he had hoped for a private wedding
Image caption The notification of Stephen Fry and Elliott Spencer's intention to be married was issued on 23 December
Image copyright Google Image caption Stephen Fry gave formal notice to wed Elliott Spencer at a register office in Dereham
Fry, who has spoken openly about his struggles with drug abuse and depression, has largely kept his love life private, although he reportedly separated from a long-term partner five years ago.
He has also spoken about a suicide attempt in 2012 which saw him take "a huge number of pills and a huge (amount) of vodka" while filming a documentary about homophobia around the world.
Stephen Fry
Born in London in 1957 and grew up in Booton, Norfolk
Attended Cambridge University, where he began a long-running partnership with Hugh Laurie
The two appeared together in programmes including Blackadder, Jeeves and Wooster and A Bit of Fry and Laurie
His film roles include playing his idol Oscar Wilde and he also directed a film, Bright Young Things, in 2003
Lent his voice to audiobook versions of the Harry Potter series, Roald Dahl adaptations and a number of video games
Technology is one of his passions and he was an early adopter of Twitter, where he is followed by 8 million users
(Marine Corps Times) -- The Naval Criminal Investigative Service has identified hundreds of Marines who are members of the Marines United Facebook group, where some members allegedly shared nude photos of female troops, veterans and civilians, a Democratic House lawmaker said on Thursday.
NCIS is investigating whether Marines shared the nude photos without the women's consent and harassed them online. So far, investigators have 1,200 members of Marines United, including 700 active-duty Marines and 150 Marines in the Reserve, Rep. Jackie Speier, of California, said at a news conference.
About 500 of Marines United's roughly 30,000 members are believed to have viewed the nude photographs, Marine Corps Commandant Gen. Robert Neller told senators on Tuesday.
See Also: Nude photo scandal targeted sailors at local bases
Neller said he did not know what motivated Marines to cyberbully the women whose pictures were shared.
“I've heard it described as the dark humor of veterans, but that's a cop-out,” Neller said. “But we also know that there are Marines that are participating in this, who have never been shot at in their lives. So they're just trying to get credibility — I don't know.”
There is one major legal issue prosecutors may face: If the pictures shared online were originally taken consensually, the strictest penalties under the Uniform Code of Military Justice may not apply to Marines who shared them without permission.
That's why Speier has proposed a bill that would allow service members to be prosecuted for sharing revealing pictures that “a reasonable person would know or understand” are intended to remain private without permission of the people depicted in the pictures.
“Clearly the antiquated language of the UCMJ must be fixed to address this national scandal and to restore the reputations of not only our brave service members, but the Marine Corps itself,” Speier said at Thursday's news conference.
Gloria Allred, an attorney who represents two women whose pictures were shared on Marines United praised Speier's proposed bill and said Congress needs to take further action.
© Marine Corps Times
“The House Armed Services community needs to conduct a hearing as soon as possible to hear from the female victims of Marine United and other web pages,” Allred said at the news conference. “Both the Senate and the House have asked General Neller to testify, but we need Congress to hear from the victims of this scandal. Their voices need to be heard. I represent a number of those victims but none have been invited to testify.”
New Exchange CoinEx Will Trade Only BCH Currency Pairs
A new U.K.-registered exchange called CoinEx is set to launch in late December 2017, with one novel point: it will trade only Bitcoin Cash (BCH) currency pairs. The cryptocurrency-only exchange is backed by the same management as ViaBTC, and will be available globally.
Also read: Holy Volatility! Bitcoin Price Retraces, BCH and Altcoins Grab Some Cash
Join the Bitsonline Telegram channel to get the latest Bitcoin, cryptocurrency, and tech news updates: https://t.me/bitsonline
CoinEx to Trade Only BCH Pairs, Will Introduce Margin and Futures Trading
At launch, CoinEx will trade the following pairs: BTC/BCH, ETH/BCH, LTC/BCH, ZEC/BCH, DASH/BCH. The next phase will introduce margin trading and futures, and it's also developing an over-the-counter (OTC) trading platform.
In its launch announcement, ViaBTC said of the (fairly radical) business idea: “The reason we chose BCH over BTC is that it has much faster transactions with low fees and better performance in terms of usability.”
ViaBTC, originally based in China, has been one of the biggest corporate backers of Bitcoin Cash — in fact, it was the first to even use that term publicly, trading BCH (then BCC) tokens even before the August 1st 2017 hard fork happened. It is also one of the top three BCH mining pools.
The company told Bitsonline its philosophy is to back anything that supports the long-term development of Bitcoin. The exact meaning of that statement may differ depending on your perspective, but as long as any cryptocurrency remains valuable and popular, ViaBTC will use it.
Chinese Companies Setting up Shop in UK
CoinEx announced its launch in late November with a bare-bones website and a single tweet, but didn't give away any details.
CoinEx is a Global Digital Coin Exchange. We are coming soon! Visit https://t.co/hF0cdLDJDd — CoinEx (@coinexcom) November 23, 2017
Eagle eyes noticed ViaBTC — with its Cayman Islands entity Viabtc Inc. and CEO Haipo Yang — had filed to incorporate CoinEx Technology Ltd. in the U.K. on December 4th. In doing so, it joined other big-name Chinese exchange operators OKCoin and BTCC in establishing a foothold there.
What do you think of CoinEx's radical direction? Let us know in the comments.
Images via CoinEx, Pixabay
The ‘Bitcoin Cash' section at Bitsonline is sponsored by Bitcoin Cash. In hopes of bringing cryptocurrency to the masses, Bitcoin Cash has set out to provide a digital currency with on-chain scalability, so everyone can use the blockchain affordably. Learn more at BitcoinCash.org and join the official Telegram Group.
Mets starter Matt Harvey matched his stunning on-field success in 2013 with some curious off-field decisions, like posing nude with a room-service tray in the ESPN the Magazine “Body Issue” and revealing his desire to be wherever it is that Derek Jeter meets women.
But one day after revealing his intention to pitch through the partial ulnar collateral ligament tear that ended his season, Harvey joined the Dan Patrick Show on Wednesday to discuss … the San Diego-based telecommunications company Qualcomm. The 24-year-old ace mostly stonewalled questions about his injury to focus on, his words, “supporting and honoring Qualcomm.”
It was awkward:
Really awkward:
When Patrick tried to get Harvey to discuss in more detail the thinking behind trying to avoid Tommy John surgery by rehabbing his injured elbow, Harvey turned the focus to Qualcomm.
“I did all of those answers yesterday and maybe at the appropriate time we can talk about that,” he said. “But, today is about Qualcomm.”
Obviously there was some miscommunication at play here, since Harvey seemed to think he might appear on a nationally syndicated radio show to discuss only a cell-phone company. But Harvey comes off looking awful, because how could anyone in his right mind think Dan Patrick wanted to talk to a 24-year-old stud pitcher about a cell-phone company?
Harvey is also scheduled to appear on The Jim Rome Show and the Mets' TV network, SNY, on Wednesday. Maybe by the time he does, one of his advisers or one of Qualcomm's representatives — assuming they're different people — will let him know about the pun-filled disappointment that followed his interview.
#MattHarvey enters rehab for his interview skills instead of tommy john. Someone is going to have to spend 'qual'ity time with that kid — Matt Kelley (@ThatMattKelley) September 18, 2013
(Thanks to MetsBlog for calling our attention to this story.)
Early in September, SwimSwam reported the story of Theo St.Francis, the MIT swimmer who broke his C6 vertebra in a beach accident during freshman orientation, leaving him with no movement or feeling below his chest (Story here ). Since that time, he has been working hard on his rehabilitation, while people on both sides of the country have mobilized to help and to support Theo.
On the East Coast…
…Theo continues to apply the swimmer's work ethic and attitude he honed in the pools of Marin, making significant progress, impressing his doctors at the Spaulding Rehab Hospital in Boston with his effort and determination. By the end of September, Theo's discharge goal had been upgraded from “independence in a powered chair,” to “independence in a manual chair.” In early October, Theo had begun aqua therapy, where in his first session, after an hour of sitting, staring into the deep, he asked if he could float on his back. Imagine the courage it takes to totally immerse without having control of your limbs. But that's Theo. By the end of October, Theo had taken to timing his laps in his manual chair around the rehabilitation center, continuously setting new personal bests. By early November, Theo was able to articulate the fingers on his right hand enough to pick up and eat some almonds on his own. Best almonds ever!
Last week, Theo completed the initial phase of his rehabilitation in Boston, and transferred to the Shepherd Center in Atlanta, where he can undertake even more intense therapy. Before he left, the MIT Swimming and Diving Team hosted an event, “Relays for Theo.” The team presented Theo with one of their new caps for the season: Under the T of “MIT” is a small “THEO.” This year, all the MIT swimmers will compete with his name on their caps, in tribute. The ultimate goal is for Theo to return to MIT as a self-dependent student.
Theo St.Francis addresses the MIT Swim Team. Further described on the MIT website here
Meanwhile On the West Coast…
…there has been an orange invasion at swim meets around the San Francisco Bay. The swimmers of North Bay Aquatics (NBA) sported bright orange “Team Theo” shirts and caps, both as a ‘ginger tribute' to Theo and as a vehicle to raise funds. Now they are a strong, visible, and growing presence. Theo's K-8 school, St. Francis Solano School in Sonoma, held a coin drive which will fund a month of active rehabilitation. Last month the team on which Theo swam as an age grouper, the Napa Valley Swim Team (NVST), collaborated with the team where Theo swam year round during high school, NBA, to dedicate the “Harvest Swim Classic 2013” to Theo.
This coming Sunday, November 24, the swimmers of NBA will join with the students of Theo's high school, Marin Academy, for a Team Theo Run/Walk-a-thon. As one of the event organizers, Madison Price-Judd (age 15), put it: “We want to raise money for our friend and teammate Theo, but we also want to raise awareness about spinal cord injury.” She went on to say: “We're expecting about 500 walkers. There will be food, music, and lots of donations from local companies such as Three Twin's Ice Cream, Hint Water, and Pete's Coffee.”
If you would like to support a Run/Walker, or come out and show your support for Team Theo, the event flyer may be found here:
Team Theo Run/Walk-a-Thon Flyer — Sunday November 24，MarinAcademy HS
As you can imagine, the St. Francis family's expenses are mounting. There are medical bills not covered by insurance, unexpected travel and other costs, and a home retrofit to be constructed. If you wish to send support directly, please contribute to the Theo Fund, set up by friends to help him and his family.
a) By Check: Please make it payable to “Theo St. Francis Special Needs Trust” and mail to the Fund Co-Administrator: Ann Morrissey, P.O. Box 1427, Ross, CA 94957
b) By credit or debit card: Please transfer funds via PayPal at http://www.paypal.com to the email account of Fund Co-Administrator Raymond St. Francis: [email protected]
(There's no fee when you use the “transfer funds>send someone money” option in the PayPal menu, if you have linked your bank account to your PayPal account, or if you use your PayPal balance. There is a flat fee of 2.9% when you use a debit or credit card.)
A volunteer organization, TeamTheo is neither a for-profit nor a non-profit. Contributions are not tax-deductible to the giver but 100% of the contributions to Theo will go toward covering the expenses related to his care and rehabilitation that are not covered by insurance. Your support is greatly appreciated.
AP Well, its official - the U.S. government has acknowledged that the U.S. is in the worst drought in over 50 years, since December 1956, when about 58 percent of the contiguous U.S. was in moderate to extreme drought. According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration National Climatic Data Center's "State of the Climate Drought July 2012" report, "Based on the Palmer Drought Index, severe to extreme drought affected about 38 percent of the contiguous United States as of the end of July 2012, an increase of about 5 percent from last month...
About 57 percent of the contiguous U.S. fell in the moderate to extreme drought categories (based on the Palmer Drought Index) at the end of July... According to the weekly U.S. Drought Monitor, about 63 percent of the contiguous U.S. (about 53 percent of the U.S. including Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico) was classified as experiencing moderate to exceptional (D1-D4) drought at the end of July."
Much business writing on the effects of the drought have focused on its agricultural aspects. To give but one, the hottest, driest summer since 1936 scorching the Midwest have diminished projected corn and soybean crop yields s in the U.S. for a third straight year to their lowest levels in nine years. Accordingly, the price of a bushel of corn has jumped 62 percent since 15 June and soybeans gained 32 percent in the same period.
But as consumers fret about the inevitable rise in food prices to come, the drought is unveiling another, darker threat to the American lifestyle, as it is now threatening U.S. electricity supplies.
Why?
Because virtually all power plants, whether they are nuclear, coal, or natural gas-fired, are completely dependent on water for cooling. Hydroelectric plants require continuous water flow to operate their turbines. Given the drought, many facilities are overheating and utilities are shutting them down or running their plants at lower capacity.
Few Americans know (or up to this point have cared) that the country's power plants account for about half of all the water used in the United States. For every gallon of residential water used in the average U.S. household, five times more is used to provide that home with electricity via hydropower turbines and fossil fuel power plants, roughly 40,000 gallons each month.
Michael Webber, associate director of the Center for International Energy and Environmental Policy at the University of Texas at Austin, is under no such illusions, stating that the summer's record high heat and drought have worked together to overtax the nation's electrical grid, adding that families use more water to power their homes than they use from their tap. Webber said, "In summer you often get a double whammy. People want their air-conditioning and drought gets worse. You have more demand for electricity and less water available to produce it. That is what we are seeing in the Midwest right now, power plants on the edge."
In July U.S. nuclear-power production hit its lowest seasonal levels in nine years as drought and heat forced Nuclear power plants from Ohio to Vermont to slow output. Nuclear Regulatory Commission spokesman David McIntyre explained, "Heat is the main issue, because if the river is getting warmer the water going into the plant is warmer and makes it harder to cool. If the water gets too warm, you have to dial back production," McIntyre said. "That's for reactor safety, and also to regulate the temperature of discharge water, which affects aquatic life."
Nuclear is the thirstiest power source. According to the National Energy Technology Laboratory (NETL) in Morgantown, West Virginia, the average NPP that generates 12.2 million megawatt hours of electricity requires far more water to cool its turbines than other power plants. NPPs need 2725 liters of water per megawatt hour for cooling. Coal or natural gas plants need, on average, only 1890 and 719 liters respectively to produce the same amount of energy.
And oh, the National Weather Service Climate Prediction Center in its 16 August "U.S. Seasonal Drought Outlook" wrote, "The Drought Outlook valid through the end of November 2012 indicates drought conditions will remain essentially unchanged in large sections of the central Mississippi Valley, the central and southwestern Great Plains, most of the High Plains, the central Rockies, the Great Basin, and parts of the Far West..." The lack of rain and the incessant heat, has also increased the need for irrigation water for farming, meaning increasing competition between the agricultural and power generation sectors for the same shrinking water "pool."
But, every cloud has a silver lining. California's Pacific Gas and Electric Co. utility, commonly known as PG&E, that provides natural gas and electricity to most of the northern two-thirds of California, from Bakersfield almost to the Oregon border, is on the case. PG&E has informed its customers that its "Diablo Canyon (nuclear) Power Plant, the largest source of generation in the utility's service area, is cooled by ocean water, not by rivers that could dry up."
Never mind the fact that by the time the Diablo Canyon NPP was completed in 1973, engineers discovered that it was several miles away from the Hosgri seismic fault, which had a 7.1 magnitude earthquake on 4 November 1927.
But ocean water as a coolant is not necessarily the answer either.
On 12 August Dominion Resources' Millstone NPP, situated on Connecticut's Niantic Bay on Long Island Sound, was forced to shut down one of two reactor units because seawater used to cool down the plant was too warm, averaging 1.7 degrees above the NRC limit of 75 degrees Fahrenheit. The Millstone NPP, which provides half of all power used in Connecticut and 12 percent in New England, was only restarted twelve days later.
The federal government is hardly known for its scaremongering tactics, but it would seem that Mother Nature is forcing Americans to belatedly consider making some lifestyle changes, as the choice seems to be devolving into energy conservation, turning down the air conditioner and digging deeper into the wallet for food costs.
It might also be time for serious national discussion about renewable energy, including wind and solar.
If the sun stops shining, all bets are off.
As the date approaches when all countries will mark 100 years since the "shot heard around the world", it gives rise to more discussions about the meaning of the first world war. If there is one single historical figure who still provokes controversy, it is without doubt the Bosnian Serb who assassinated Archduke Franz Ferdinand in Sarajevo on 28 June 1914. His shot led directly to the first world war when the Austro-Hungarian empire issued an ultimatum against Serbia and then declared war. Russia and France mobilised their armies, followed by Germany, and soon all the great powers had gone to battle.
Never before had a 19-year-old man provoked so much trouble: at the end of the four years of war, four powerful empires – the Austro-Hungarian, German, Turkish and Russian – disappeared from the world map, 16 million people were dead and 20 million wounded, and in 1917 the Bolsheviks came to power. These things may have happened at some point anyway, but it was Gavrilo Princip who sparked it all off.
The Wall Street Journal recently compared him to Osama Bin Laden, and reviewing Christopher Clark's bestseller The Sleepwalkers: How Europe Went to War in 1914, one author goes so far as to state that Princip "did a great deal to make the Holocaust possible". Not only was the second world war a consequence of the first world war, but in an irony only history can invent, the young terrorist died miserably in April 1918 in the same prison that later became the concentration camp of Theresienstadt.
Although blaming a single person for the Holocaust is similar to the controversial theory in The Jew of Linz – which claims that the incident responsible for Adolf Hitler becoming antisemitic was a schoolboy interaction in Linz in 1904 with the Jewish philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein – for the first time a Serbian weekly recently published a picture that proves how important Princip was to Hitler. It shows Hitler being given a memorial stone that commemorated Princip, taken by the Nazis from the Sarajevo street where Princip opened fire on Ferdinand. The weekly paper Vreme says the memorial was presented as a gift to Hitler by German officers during the second world war as he celebrated his 52nd birthday on 20 April 1941. Three days earlier Yugoslavia had capitulated after being invaded by Nazi Germany and its allies.
About the same time as this picture was published in Serbia, neighbouring Bosnia – where the "Sarajevo, the heart of Europe" celebration will take place on 28 June – announced a new monument to Ferdinand. A few months later the Serbian government announced that it will build a big monument to Princip.
So who was the hero and who was the victim? It seems the old formula could be applied once again: "One man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter." In the case of Princip, which side should we choose? The answer is clear: both are wrong.
What is missing here is the third option. None of the above monuments gets the picture right; both represent historical revisionism at its worst. According to the historical archives, during the hearing of Princip on 12 October 1914, when asked by the judge what kind of idea stood behind the assassination, the young terrorist answered plainly: "I believe in the unification of all south Slavs." Although he was surely used by the Serbian ultra-nationalist organisation Black Hand, Gavrilo and his comrades were not nationalists. This can also be proved by the books they had read: the evening before the assassination, Gavrilo was reading Peter Kropotkin's "Memoirs of a Revolutionist", while on the same evening another member of their revolutionary organisation Young Bosnia (Mlada Bosna), Danilo Ilić – only three years older than Princip and already a translator of Kierkegaard, Ibsen and Edgar Allan Poe – was translating Oscar Wilde. Another member of Young Bosnia and its main ideologist, Vladimir Gaćinović, was a friend of Victor Serge, Julius Martov and Leon Trotsky.
If we want to explain the shot that was heard around the world, we should first explain its historical context. It was not Princip but imperialism that drove us to the first world war. And contrary to the current trend for historical revisionism – be it the Serbian version of Princip as a "nationalist hero" or the Bosnian obsequiousness to Ferdinand – those young people were primarily political romantics and anti-imperialists.
So why does Princip still matter? Usually we think 100 years is a long period, sufficient to learn some lessons from history, but if anything, it is exactly the first world war centenary that proves again that maybe the only thing we learn from history is that we do not learn from it at all. As long as the worldwide competition for the best commemoration of 28th June remains a self-congratulatory spectacle, European nations might be sleepwalking into war again.
When you draft players that are so young like the Suns have the last couple of seasons like with 18 year old Devin Booker last year and 18 year olds Dragan Bender and Marquese Chriss this year, the first thing people try to do is try to compare their skill sets to other players to find what they could look like in the future.
For Chriss in particular, a player who is so athletic but also saw raw it is difficult to pinpoint exactly what kind of player he will be. His formed head coach at the University of Washington, Lorenzo Romar, has has heard all the comparisons that have been made to Chriss with Jeff Green, Rudy Gay and Amare Stoudemire. While he agreed there are similarities with each player, there is one player that he finds that Chriss is most similar too is one of the all-time greats in college basketball.
“The only guy who I think Marquese is similar too and we got to go way back and he never played in the NBA, is Len Bias,” Romar told Sports360AZ.
Bias for those who don't recall is considered one of the best college basketball players to not step foot in a NBA game. After a senior year that saw him average 23 points per game, Bias was selected second overall by the Boston Celtics in 1986. Bias would pass away just two days later after from cardiac arrhythmia induced by a cocaine overdose.
“Len was 6-9, he was incredibly athletic, he could step outside and shoot the shot. I saw Len Bias play in person on the court when he was a Junior,” Romar explained. “So I asked someone who knew Len Bias when he was a freshman and knew Marquese and they thought they were very, very similar at that stage.”
Having recruited Chriss and then having him as part of his program, Romar has had a front row seat to Chriss' fast development as a basketball player. A player who may not have been seen as a lottery pick at this time last year has not changed much both on and off the court in the eyes of his former coach.
“He was immediately the guy we thought he was,” Romar stated. “In referencing to his basketball play, he turned into what we thought he could be a lot quicker than we thought. In terms of Marquese the student, the kid always with a smile on his face, the kid that is very sensitive, compassionate a great teammate and all that, that's exactly who he was when he came with us.”
“He just took off in the second half of the season,” Romar added. “We thought it would happen but a few months later. It happened quicker than we thought.”
His play during the Pac-12 schedule is really what thrusted him into the NBA discussion as he ultimately finished top 10 in the conference nine categories including fourth in effective field goal percentage (adjusts the fact that three point Field goals are worth more than two pointers according to basketball-reference), and fifth in total blocks and blocks per game.
One knock on the young power forward was that he led the nation in with 138 personal fouls and his ability to rebound on the defense end was cause for some concern. Romar put both of those notions into perspective.
“He was a football player up until the ninth grade,” Romar said. “He can throw a football up to 65 yards and he did not start playing organized basketball until then. So I attribute that to his lack of experience on the basketball floor. He hadn't played basketball since the third or fourth grade like a lot of kids who are able to play at this level…He fouled a lot less toward the end of the season and the rebounding thing, that's just continuing to play the game in my opinion.”
Romar was with Chiss in Brooklyn on draft day and was able to be a part of the highs and lows that the day and the process had to offer.
“Before the draft started, he was ecstatic at the potential that he could be going to the Suns,” Romar stated. “Obviously if you are the fourth pick in the draft, obviously from a personal level, that's pretty good and also it's pretty flattering…When he was not picked with that fourth pick, I would say he was disappointed. I wouldn't say he was depressed but I would say he was disappointed. But then when the trade was made and he was still going to Phoenix, I think he was excited again.”
Chriss and the young Suns kick of Summer League practices next week before heading to Las Vegas.
A federal judge says Los Angeles County violated the Constitution by putting a cross back on the county seal atop the seal's depiction of the San Gabriel Mission.
The judge ruled Thursday in a lawsuit filed two years ago by the American Civil Liberties Union of Southern California, issuing an injunction. The seal is used on county buildings, vehicles and documents.
The cross was removed when the original 1957 seal was redesigned in 2004 after the ACLU threatened legal action.
The previous seal of Los Angeles County, adopted by the L.A. County Board of Supervisors in September 2004, which showed the San Gabriel Mission with no cross on it. Wikimedia Commons
But in 2014, county supervisors voted to put the San Gabriel Mission cross back.
Supervisors Mike Antonovich and Don Knabe argued that was historically accurate, but the judge says restoring a cross to the seal "places the county's power, prestige and purse behind a single religion, Christianity" and that's unconstitutional.
Read the full injunction below:
Scribd injunction
This weekend, Phoenix has a comic book convention, makes video games, goes steampunk, plays with robots, and even breathes fire.
Thursday, Jan 23rd
[Scottsdale]
You know it's about to get real when an event invites you to “don your finest frippery.” In other words, wear the crap out of your best goggles, lift your pinky finger, and participate in the local community that is steampunk. Artists and photographers are also encouraged to show up and do their thing. If you like steampunk, a good time is pretty much guaranteed. At The Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts around 7pm.
[Mesa]
Bookmans always throws great little parties, and this time around it's all about the renaissance, which is a word I will someday spell correctly the first time I type it out – but not today. Sounds like this shindig will boast more than a few pirates and maybe a few wenches. If you're lucky, you may win tickets to the upcoming festival. Starts at 7pm.
Friday, Jan 24th
[Phoenix]
Amazing Arizona is back once again, and this time they've graduated to the Phoenix Convention Center. Enjoy an entire weekend of comics, zombies, cosplay, and everything else. Robert Kirkman is the big guest, so bring some Walking Dead swag to get signed and have a great time.
[Tempe]
Want to help make a video game in 48hrs? Show up at the Phoenix Global Game Jam and get ready to be creative and/or code. Phoenix is joining the rest of the world in the challenge, which will include a secret theme announced Friday night. Get to know and work with local developers, artists, and more. Sounds pretty cool.
[Tempe]
I don't have much more information than the title suggests, but Mark Fedasiuk of the University of Advancing Technology will be conducting a robotic science demonstration at the Tempe Center for The Arts around 6pm. Seems to be aimed at kids. Part of the American POP! Comic Books to Science Fiction Gallery taking place there right now.
[Phoenix]
Take every joke you could possibly make about LARPing, cram them into a full length movie, add one succubus, mix in Abed from Community, add a dash of River Tam, and you've got Knights of Badassdom. Honestly, I'll watch just about anything with Jimmi Simpson in it. The films open at the Film Bar at 8pm with showtimes all weekend. Prepare thyself!
Saturday, Jan 25th
[Phoenix]
Anything with the words “Epic Kung Fu” in the title deserves to be mentioned on this blog. Every time. Takes place at the Phoenix Convention Center with showtimes at 2pm and 7pm.
[Tempe]
Changing Hands is gathering in a bunch of great YA genre authors, buying pizza, and letting fans mix and mingle. I love YA books, so this sounds awesome. Could be doubly awesome if you're looking to network in the industry. Show up at 4pm.
[Phoenix]
Do you want to learn how to eat and breath fire?! Of course, we all do. [*Dang, looks like it sold out…]
[Phoenix]
I've been informed there are some sassy sassy shenanigans going on at Joe's Grotto around 7pm. Geek culture meets debauchery. Ohhhhh my…
[Phoenix]
There's no earthly way of knowing how much more fun watching a cult film is with other fans unless you try it out. Of course, if you don't go YOU GET NOTHING. Show starts at 8pm at the Film Bar.
So much time, so little to do. Wait a minute – strike that. Reverse it.
A District Court judge in Denver has reversed a ruling, paving the way for a new homeless community center to open in the Ballpark neighborhood.
Opening of the Denver Rescue Mission's Lawrence Street Community Center was denied Sept. 3 when Judge R. Michael Mullins ruled in favor of the Ballpark Neighborhood Association.
The association had sued the city and the rescue mission, claiming the building was an expansion of the men's overnight shelter and therefore improperly zoned.
The court issued a new order Tuesday in response to a motion of reconsideration by the defendants — the rescue mission and the city.
The court initially found the center was an “improper expansion” of the shelter based, in part, on briefs submitted in the case.
“However, after hearing oral argument from the parties, as well as the parties supplemental briefing on the Motion for Reconsideration, the defendants provided information … based on competent evidence in the record,” according to Tuesday's order.
“At oral argument, the Defendant DRM explained the Center and the Shelter were in fact two distinctly separate buildings on two distinct lots,” the order said. “However, in the briefs of the parties, there was no clear explanation that the buildings were in fact completely separate.”
The rescue mission will not place any additional beds in the community center and will not house additional residents, according to the ruling.
“Accordingly, Defendants motions for reconsideration are granted,” Mullins ruled. The order issued Sept. 3 is vacated.
The city issued a statement Tuesday night saying the reversal will afford homeless people with “critical service for daytime use.”
“When we committed to creating the Lawrence Street Community Center, it was a promise to provide a safe, dignified place for those in need of basic services and to wait for assistance at the Rescue Mission,” said Mayor Michael Hancock.
“I'm very pleased with the judge's ruling, as it means we can get this vital service back on track to opening before the winter months are upon us.”
The plaintiffs in the lawsuit will meet and decide how to proceed, said Dennis Ryerson, an association spokesman.
“Our main interest is ensuring that the homeless population in our neighborhood is not expanded,” Ryerson said.
“We are not interested in closing any of the missions that are here now; we want to make sure the largest concentration of homeless people in the metro area isn't expanded beyond what it is now.”
The association will continue to encourage the city to “disperse services” and “assure there are good solutions,” Ryerson said.
Kieran Nicholson: 303-954-1822, knicholson@denverpost.com or @kierannicholson
As democrats and parliamentarians however, we must defend the right of peoples across the world to decide their own future and the right of elected representatives to carry out their duties to the people without fear of arrest. Ross Greer MSP
Politicians from across Scotland's constitutional divide have united to send a message to the Spanish government that its actions in Catalonia are violating the “the norms of European democracy”.
In a letter (below) put together by Ross Greer and signed by MSPs from the Greens, Labour, SNP and Lib Dems, the politicians say that the escalation of tensions over the proposed independence referendum, to be held on 1 October, can only be resolved through political action, dialogue and by allowing the people to “express their will democratically”.
Ross Greer MSP, the Scottish Greens' external affairs spokesperson, said:
“As MSPs we represent a spectrum of opinions on Scotland's own constitutional debate and it's certainly not for us to tell the Catalan people what choices they should make. As democrats and parliamentarians however, we must defend the right of peoples across the world to decide their own future and the right of elected representatives to carry out their duties to the people without fear of arrest.
“To see a state at the heart of Europe take such oppressive actions against its own people are simply unacceptable. The UK and Spain may be different places with different constitutional traditions but in Scotland we have proven that such significant questions can be answered through peaceful debate and dialogue. The Spanish government must try to find a political solution to this situation. The alternative, of arresting government staff & senior officials, raiding the offices of newspapers and political parties and deploying an increasingly militarised police against a democratic movement of citizens, is a dark road to go down.”
The Most Excellent Mariano Rajoy Brey
President of the Government of the Kingdom of Spain
Palacio de la Moncloa
Madrid
22 September 2017
Dear Prime Minister Rajoy
Catalonia
As elected Members of the Scottish Parliament, we are writing to express our grave concern at the escalating actions of the Spanish state in Catalonia. We come from a range of political traditions, with differing views on Scotland's constitutional future and a collective neutrality on the question being posed to the Catalan people but we are united in our belief in democracy.
The Spanish government claim to be acting in defence of democracy but threats of legal action against hundreds of democratically elected representatives and repressive acts against an elected government, media organisations and citizens are in no way democratic acts. The recent arrest of a Catalan government minister and a number of government staff was a particular violation of the norms of European democracy.
The situation in Catalonia is a political challenge and it can only be adequately resolved through political action, through dialogue and through allowing the people to express their will democratically. Legal action against the Catalan government, several hundred local mayors and others perceived to be facilitating the referendum is no way for a democratic European state to act against its own people.
We call on you and your government to engage with the Catalan government as partners in facilitating a democratic and just resolution to this situation. Work together to allow the people to decide their own future. This is the only sustainable and truly democratic solution.
Yours,
Claudia Beamish MSP – Labour
Alex Cole-Hamilton – Liberal Democrat
Linda Fabiani MSP - SNP
Neil Findlay MSP - Labour
John Finnie MSP – Green
Kate Forbes MSP – SNP
Mairi Gougeon MSP - SNP
Ross Greer MSP – Green
Patrick Harvie MSP – Green (co-convenor)
Clre Haughey MSP - SNP
Alison Johnstone MSP - Green
Ruth MaGuire MSP - SNP
Gillian Martin MSP – SNP
Christina McKelvie MSP - SNP
Stuart McMillan MSP - SNP
Pauline McNeil MSP – Labour
Willie Rennie MSP – Liberal Democrat (leader)
Sandra White MSP – SNP
CC:
Ricardo Martínez VázquezConsul General of the Kingdom of Spain to Scotland
Carlos Bastarreche, Spanish Ambassador to the United Kingdom
Carles Puigdemont, President of the Generalitat of Catalonia
Carme Forcadell, Speaker of the Parliament of Catalonia
From Hulk to Loki to Spider-Man to Iron Man to Thor, these are the first of the Auto Avengers designed and described by Chasing Artwork. Each with a description detailing how each would work, and what their strengths and weaknesses might be… such as this for Auto Iron Man.
♦ The Oldest known construct on the planet.♦ Completely beyond the current scope of understanding, no readings or information are available on any aspect of this bot. all instruments malfunction in attempt.♦ The Iron Man construct rarely strays below the stratosphere, seemingly in a perpetual state of disinterest or unawareness with the world around it.♦ Apparently beyond contact or communication. There have been scattered records of the Iron Man uttering a vocal code of some unkown type. Translation Pending.♦on more than one occasion, aggressive measures have been taken on the Iron Man construct. No known form of weapon have had any effect. Reportedly, Iron Man ignored, or did not notice the attack taking place.
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Is it time for the Premier League to change the date when the summer transfer window closes?
Newcastle United manager Alan Pardew certainly thinks so.
“There is a question about the window being closed before we kick off the Premier League season,” Pardew told Sky Sports today.
“I know the Premier League asked the European leagues to do it and they wouldn't fall in line. But after the summer we have had, the situations we have had, with (Wayne) Rooney as well, it is definitely something they need to put under the microscope again.”
Coming from Pards, it's difficult not to read the above quote without hearing child-like sniffles. Yesterday the gaffer was left downright distraught after Arsenal tabled a bid of $16 million (£10.2m) for midfielder Yohan Cabaye just hours before the Magpies match against Manchester City.
The offer was enough to convince Pardew to hold Cabaye out of the match, implying that the playmaker's head had been turned around so much that he wasn't mentally fit to compete. It's an amusing position on two levels – first because transfer speculation from Arsenal, Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain has surrounded Cabaye all summer long and second because, well, who wants to play at Arsenal these days? (Just poking fun, Goonahs supporters. Keep your heads up.)
But putting aside Pardew's absurd opinion that Arsenal's bid was “disrespectful,” the 52 year old does have a point that the concept of the transfer window needs to be examined.
The current format has the window closing on September 2nd, just over two weeks after the start of the Premier League season. This means that clubs like Newcastle with transfer-target Cabaye, Swansea City with Michu and Ashley Williams, and Everton with Marouane Fellaini and Leighton Baines, all face the possibility of losing key men after their seasons have started. Which without getting too technical, is just plain annoying.
So what exactly is the sense behind keeping the Premier League window open until September 2nd?
Under FIFA, each national football association decides on the time (such as the dates) of the window but it may not exceed 12 weeks. In England, the FA has opted for a nine week window to align itself with the other major European league windows in France, Germany, Italy and Spain.
The Premier League can go in one of two directions to solve the current deadline issue: either end the window before the start of the season or wipe out the concept of a transfer window altogether and allow deals for players to be made year round like most other professional sports.
The later seems a pipe dream but the former a real possibility.
And with the amount of transfer rumor nonsense that football fans are forced to deal with over the course of a summer – would it be such a bad thing to end the drama when the season actually starts?
Follow @mprindi
Introduction
Reddit Start HERE:
Conclusion
This post is made with the assumption that you have read and understand these changes:So, first of all, I wanted to give some context on these rune changes. Most people will know what the changes mean on paper, but they will fail to consider the implication of X rune as compared to the gold efficiency of another rune in that type. What we are seeing is the opening up of Seals. Armor seals will not be standard any more. I expect certain classes to continue to run armor (like AD Carry and Jungle), while others who are more flexible (because of them having more effective hp than the AD Carry class and also because they are subject to different enemy power curves), will likely opt for Multiple Page Setups.Having multiple rune pages set up will probably see a resurgence in Season 4. What we have seen in the past are certain go-to standards drowning out the other options (ex: pre nerf Health Quints in S1, Armor Seals of every season so far). With the rebalancing of runes, you can expect alternatives to Armor Seals to pop up more often. I can't speculate on the implications of the other changes you will see for solo laners, but I expect Health Regeneration Seals and Flat Health Seals to become more popular on Mid and Top Laners, with the potential to run HP Quints in conjunction with Health Seals, or to run a mix on your yellows.(link to reddit post: http://www.reddit.com/r/summonerschool/comments/215oxp/season_4_solo_lanes_runes_discussion_and_blog_post/ Every champion is getting 4 armor to compensate for the changes to Armor Seals. So let's take a look at some of your available starts as a Solo laner post-runes update:Ruby Crystal + 2 hp potsDorans Shield + 1 hp potCloth Armor + 5 hp pots2 Rejuv Beads + 3 hp potsDorans Ring + 1 hp potDorans Blade + 1 hp potIt has been proven that health seals will be more gold efficient than armor seals at early levels up to 1000 health, but you should consider what points in the game you would like to be resistant against which type of damage. For most people that is going to mean running Armor Seals on AD Carry and Jungle and different runes on everyone else, at least as far as Seals go. If you start cloth armor and health seals, you now have a ton of sustain from potions.Hp Seals are going to be popular, but that doesn't always mean they will grant the most effective hp at every point in the game. Dependent on your build, champion selection and also who you are fighting against, the calculations are going to vary and it's not feasible to go through and calculate every potential situation. You can calculate a few that are important to you, for instance:"how much effective hp would Armor Seals give me @ Lvl 16 versus Health Seals if my champion has high HP per level values?"Of course, your build plays into this calculation as well and as stated, these things depend on who you are, who you are up against and the types of damage that they deal. It is important to note that while Armor Seals provide no benefit against Red Buff (in fact, all true damage), Health Seals actually give a nice boost when dealing with True Damage. That is to say you have more resistance against FLAT True Damage (not like Vayne). It is a well known counter in League of Legends to counter True Damage with health. If you build resistance, you still have the same puny hp pool and you gain no benefit from your purchase (think of a pre nerf Olaf spamming E in lane against your double cloth armor).In conjunction with the changes to Ruby Crystal and Armor Seals, despite seeing no changes made to the item whatsoever, you may see more cloth armor starts. It builds into end game items and has flexible build options if you change your mind mid build. It is in the benefit of a solo laner to rune against mixed damage, because you deal with mixed damage on ganks. Not only do you have cloth armor and Health Seals to keep you safe in lane now, you will also have the option to run some health regeneration mixed in. You can even run all health regeneration if you like the idea of being a brick in lane. Health regeneration yellows and quints, as a rune page, and considering that you have so many starting options now, make this a better choice for top lane than for mid, but I imagine that level of regeneration is valuable anywhere as long as you apply consistent pressure to make use of your regen ticks. (hue hue Mordekaiser is back baby Huehueheue)I expect this increased diversity of runes to open up more champion picks and to slightly shift the meta. Armor shred champions will continue to be of high value and we may see some new emergent item builds as people figure out what has the highest 1 and 2 item build potential with their new runes. While some things won't change, there will be more options available should you decide change is right.You can read my blog post from Friday here: http://www.mobafire.com/league-of-legends/blog/cloudcarry/followup-to-season-4-ad-carry-runes-ditch-lifesteal-quints-for-armor-pen MediaAlso, come check out the livestream over @He runs a great community broadcast. I'm a moderator there and I am also his main duo queue partner. He doesn't even run commercials! Best Community on TwitchTV.I also stream @, but he streams way more than me, and I frequently duo queue with him. When I'm playing with Mylixia I don't stream, so check him out today!
Thanks to a killer Blake Lively performance and a poignant seagull, director Jaume Collet-Serra finally earns his cult.
As Jean-Luc Godard famously never said: “All you need for a movie is a girl and a great white shark.” What “The Shallows” presupposes is that adding a cute seagull, a rotting whale, and a few GoPro cameras to the mix probably wouldn't hurt. Unequivocally the best shark movie since “Jaws” (yes, even better than “Open Water” and “Deep Blue Sea”), this back-to-basics thriller either eliminates or reclaims all of the excess and gimmickry that have watered down the genre since Steven Spielberg first invented it — there's only one killer fish, she's shot in beautiful 2D, and it doesn't appear as though the beast has developed the ability to swim backwards as the result of reckless genetic modifications. The film flirts with found-footage, but only in small and supremely effective doses; the shark is a digital effect, but a glorious one whose artificiality is only clear in a few crucial shots towards the end. With “The Shallows,” Spanish director Jaume Collet-Serra (“Non-Stop,” “Orphan”) finally earns the cult that's been champing at the bit to praise his recent work.
Nancy Adams (Blake Lively, in the most convincing argument for her stardom since 2009's “The Private Lives of Pippa Lee”) is a med school dropout with nothing to lose beyond her surfboard and her cell phone. Introduced as she's being driven to the secret Mexican beach that her late mother visited when Nancy was in utero, our glassy-eyed Galveston girl is on a solo mission to commune with her past and make sense of the loss that continues to haunt her. It's an unformed and ill-advised plan, motivated only by the emotional logic of helplessness — what's the point of becoming a doctor if you can't save your mom from cancer? What's the point of living if every road ends in death? That might sound like a rhetorical question, but nothing inspires an answer quite like a prehistoric killing machine that doesn't give a soggy fuck about your grieving process.
READ MORE: Blake Lively Says Woody Allen's New Movie Is Empowering To Women
Budgeted at a relatively tight $17 million, “The Shallows” knows that a movie only needs one shark if it packs a strong enough bite. Far more focused on suspense than scares, the film balances the crowd-pleasing thrills of a true summer blockbuster with the patience and painterliness of less disposable entertainments. The build-up to the shark's beautiful first appearance (which chums the water with two Mexican surfing bros who give Nancy a hard time) is masterful stuff, as Collet-Serra lingers on Flavio Labiano's gorgeous ocean cinematography and subtly ingrains the film's geography into our minds' eyes.
No, it doesn't take a cartographer to appreciate the relationship between the shore and the jagged rock — some 200 yards out to sea, and completely submerged during high tide — on which Nancy will have to huddle for dear life after the great white takes a bite out of her leg, but Collet-Serra ensures that we feel the risk of every stroke between his heroine and her safety. The action is visceral and immediate, but crucially contextualized by a helpful array of wide shots and bird's-eye views.
It helps that so much of this savage duel between woman and shark is rooted in a believable physical reality. Lively throws every inch of her long frame into the role; the camera inevitably eyes her like a piece of meat (all the better to appreciate the shark's POV), but the actress manages to carry the whole movie on one leg, fending off all sorts of hungry looks as she blossoms into a soulful female MacGyver.
Coral, jellyfish, and the rotting husk of a dead whale all play key roles; at one point, Collet-Serra turns a buoy into its own location, exploiting every possible use for the bobbing metal beacon in a way that recalls the joy of watching Jackie Chan make the most of his battle props. Best of all is how the movie elevates one of its decorative touches — a stranded seagull with a broken wing — into a bonafide supporting character (like Wilson the volleyball, but cuter). The bird is such a delightful screen presence that “The Shallows” could do for seagulls what “City Slickers” did for calves; at the very least, you'll be a little more forgiving the next time one of those flying squawk monsters shits on you at the beach.
Collet-Serra isn't in the business of making high art, but his trash is crafted with a degree of care and cohesion that's lacking from many of Hollywood's proudest awards fare. “The Shallows” is a modest film even for a late June diversion, but — with the exception of a limp coda and a few inelegantly framed text conversations — this thing is all killer and no filler. Nancy's ordeal may not pack the same gravitas as other recent genre movies about death (“The Babadook” springs to mind), but the shark is less a metaphor for grief than it is a mega-ton argument against giving into it. We're all helpless in the long run, but that doesn't mean we can't save ourselves.
Grade: B+
“The Shallows” opens in theaters on Friday.
Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Festivals newsletter here.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
A 16-year-old in Atlanta has made headlines this week after waking up from a coma speaking fluent Spanish.
Rueben Nsemoh is a native English speaker who knew some basic Spanish before he suffered a concussion during a soccer game, but when he woke up from the injury, he was able to speak Spanish "like a native", and struggled with English.
"It started flowing out," Rueben told Melissa Chan over at TIME. "I felt like it was like second nature for me. I wasn't speaking my English right, and every time I tried to speak it I would have a seizure."
"It was weird," he added. "It was not scary at all. I actually liked it a lot. It was really unique to me."
In the weeks since, he's slowly been regaining his ability to speak English, and his Spanish skills are fading, but doctors are struggling to explain exactly what happened.
The case almost sounds too bizarre to be true, but Rueben is not the only one who's had this experience. The news is full of stories of people surviving head injuries only to start speaking in another language, like this Englishman who began speaking Welsh following a stroke, even though he'd never formally learnt the language.
Or this Croatian teenager, who woke up from her coma able to speak fluent German, even though she'd only just begun studying it.
And, back in 2013, an Australian man woke up from a car crash speaking only Mandarin, a language he'd studied at school but wasn't previously fluent in.
What all of these cases have in common is that the patients all knew the language they went on to speak to some extent, although not fluently. They all suffered a severe head injury, and all struggled to speak their native language when they first woke up. Over time, that ability returned to them.
But from a scientific point of view, how is this possible?
The reality is, researchers still aren't entirely sure, but the new-found language abilities seem to be caused by the brain rewiring itself following traumatic injury, and are most likely an offshoot of the well-documented but rare condition called Foreign Accent Syndrome.
There have been at least 200 cases of Foreign Accent Syndrome documented, which occurs when someone recovers from a brain injury only to find themselves speaking in a foreign accent.
In one of the first documented cases, a Norwegian woman was hit by bomb shrapnel during a WWII air raid, and woke up with a German accent - her friends and neighbours subsequently shunned her because they thought she was a spy.
The syndrome is caused by damage to the part of the brain that controls the muscles used to produce speech.
"Speaking requires very precise control of the muscles of lips, tongue, and jaw (the speech articulators) and the larynx (voicebox)," wrote Lyndsey Nickels from Macquarie University for the Conversation back in 2013.
"If the placement of the articulators, speed or coordination of movements are slightly out of sync, then speech sounds will be altered."
So people aren't truly speaking in a new accent, they're just losing control over the way they'd usually pronounce vowels and consonants, and this can make them sound like they're speaking with a certain accent.
This can also lead to people sounding like they're fluent when they speak another language, even if they're making lots of mistakes.
And this might be part of what's going on when people wake up from a head injury being 'fluent' in another language, as in the case of Rueben Nsemoh. In reality, these patients might not actually be that skilled at the new language as they sound, but their new accent might make them sound that way.
There's also the possibility that the ability to suddenly speak a little-known language fluently could be more to do with the fact that the patients all seem to lose their native language immediately after the injury.
This could be a result of something known as aphasia - a common impairment of language that's often caused by strokes. It's been described as feeling as words are on the tip of your tongue all the time, but you can't access them.
Usually aphasia would affect all languages a person knows, but it's possible in these cases that it's only affecting the patients' native language - which is allowing them to access parts in a secondary language they didn't even know they knew.
With regards to the Croatian teenager who woke up only being able to speak German, Steven Novella, a neuroscientist from Yale University, wrote over on the neuroscience Neurologica Blog:
"The question is - could she have an unusual form of aphasia that is impairing her ability to disinhibit her Croatian language, leaving her only able to speak German? This could theoretically have the effect of making her German seem more fluent, because she does not have to expend mental energy inhibiting her Croatian - that has become automatic."
For now, these are just hypotheses, and there have still been no peer-reviewed case studies of people waking up from a head injury speaking a second language.
But hopefully with more research we might finally begin to understand how our brains rewire themselves following injury, sometimes to give us remarkable new abilities.
It looks like Phil Miller and The Last Man on Earth TV show are both survivors. FOX is sticking with the Sunday night sitcom and has renewed it for a third season to air as part of the 2016-17 season.
The Last Man on Earth begins in 2020 — a year after a deadly virus has swept the plant. A resident of Tucson, Phil (Will Forte) believes he's the last human alive but soon discovers he's not alone. The rest of the cast includes Kristen Schaal, January Jones, Mel Rodriguez, and Cleopatra Coleman.
The first season averaged a 1.63 rating in the 18-49 demographic with 3.99 million viewers. In season two, the numbers have dropped by about 25% and is currently averaging a 1.24 in the demo with 2.96 million. Still, it's performing better than some of the other Sunday night comedies.
FOX also renewed Brooklyn Nine-Nine for a fourth season today. In a statement about both shows, the network's entertainment president, David Madden, said, “We're so proud of these comedies. Each has its own unique voice, but they both boast terrific ensembles with stand-out characters and, of course, phenomenal writing, which are the hallmarks of all great comedies… We'd like to thank the executive producers, casts and crews of Brooklyn Nine-Nine and The Last Man on Earth for their tremendous work this season, and look forward to what's in store next year.”
A new installment of The Last Man on Earth will air on April 3rd.
What do you think? Do you like The Last Man on Earth TV show? Do you think that it should have been renewed or cancelled instead?
I would hope that most NASA fans have played around with ISS Live! by now (simply go to http://spacestationlive.nasa.gov/). ISS Live! truly is an unprecedented public relations tool for NASA spaceflight. In summary, the application (online and available as a mobile app) gives the public access to live and detailed information from the ISS – including daily crew timelines and system telemetry. I imagine it's a nice resource for hardcore space geeks and some educators. But in my opinion, a huge part of the potential of ISS Live! is lost if the public does not know exactly what ISS is doing and how to interpret the data being shown. That's why I've written this blog post. It's an experiment.
Tomorrow morning HTV3 will rendezvous with ISS at about 7:00 AM CDT. The standard way for space fans to follow along with an event like this is to turn on NASA TV and listen to the public affairs officer describe the events. But let's face it, that can be boring. What if I describe to you what flight controllers are doing to configure the space station for HTV3 rendezvous so you can watch major milestones as they occur in the ISS telemetry?
Friday 1:00 AM
For the real insomniacs, ISS systems start changing tonight at about 1 AM. That's about 2 hours away as I write this post. at 1 AM the power system officer, Spartan, will be directing ISS flight controllers around the world to power down certain systems to conserve ISS battery power. This is being done because the solar arrays will have to be positioned for attitude control on thrusters. The solar arrays will no longer be allowed to track the sun.
Friday 2:30 AM
The solar array positioning is the first milestone you can easily track in ISS live. AT 2:30 AM the Spartan officer will be commanding both SARJs (solar alpha rotary joints) to a parked mode. In ISS live on page 1 of the Spartan displays, the SARJ angles are given in degrees. When they are sent to park you may see those numbers reverse direction (but not always) as they head to the commanded position. Then they will reach the commanded angle and stop moving.
Friday 4:00 AM
After solar array parking, not much happens – that I know of – in ISS systems until the attitude maneuver to capture attitude at about 4 AM. At this time the guidance system will be commanded to stop using only CMGs (control moment gyroscopes) and instead will use the Russian Segment thrusters to initiate the maneuver. Thruster control will continue for 3 more hours until HTV is just a few meters from ISS ready for capture.
To monitor the maneuver to HTV capture attitude, go to the ADCO displays and start on page 2. On the upper right it says “GNC Mode – CMG Thruster Assist” and “Control Type – Mom Mgmt” (which stands for momentum management). When ADCO commands the new control mode and maneuver the control type will change to “Att Hold” and you will be able to see the Commanded Attitude update on the lower part of the display. Watch the current attitude change as the space station maneuvers in attitude to the new position. The attitude error should reduce, of course, as it gets closer.
Friday 4-7 AM
During the next 3 hours HTV will be doing its final approach up the R-bar (the line drawn from the ISS down towards the Earth). On NASA TV HTV will become visible in the camera views during this time. Not much ISS configuration is done. We sit and wait in the capture attitude for HTV to arrive.
Friday 7 AM
If everything goes to plan, HTV will arrive at the “capture point” about 10 meters below ISS and wait for the ISS astronauts to grab it with the space station robot arm. Some final commands are sent by the ground teams to get ready for capture. ADCO will send a command to enable “attitude maneuver”, for instance. This is a command needed so that the ISS crew can do the next step.
Friday 7:03 AM
The planned times are rather precise. Go for capture is expected at 7:03. Once that happens, the ISS crew is in charge and ground teams just watch. This is when you want to be on the ADCO displays again, but this time on page 3. Under “momentum” watch the “desaturation request” field. The astronauts are going to hit a button onboard ISS that will set that parameter to “inhibit”. This effectively stops any thruster firings so that the SSRMS can approach HTV. We do not allow thruster firings when the SSRMS is close to HTV because the sudden impulses could be a collision hazard. Once they have confirmed desaturation requests are inhibited, the astronaut flying the SSRMS will move “into the box” and try to grapple HTV.
Friday 7:04 AM
Capture should occur only a minute or two after the final configurations are in place. Once desaturations are inhibited, attitude control is again on CMGs only. Watch the “momentum percentage” on ADCO display page 3. This value will slowly creep up. The astronauts only have until this value reaches 100% to capture HTV, otherwise ISS will have lost attitude control, and contingency procedures will be executed.
Friday 7:08 AM
If HTV is successfully captured, ground teams will take back control of the ISS guidance system. At 7:08 ADCO will command ISS back into a mode that allows thruster firings. At this time you will see “desaturation request” go back to “enable”.
Friday 7:25 AM
The day isn't over. Ground teams and the ISS crew still need to work as a team to get HTV berthed on the Node 2 nadir common berthing mechanism. At 7:25 ADCO will initiate an attitude maneuver to a new attitude that is most optimal for the new center of mass of ISS with HTV onboard. Watch the “attitude” section on ADCO display page 2.
Friday 8:00 AM
After the maneuver, ADCO will prepare to go back to a momentum management control mode. This activation will occur at about 8:00 and you will see the control type change on ADCO display page 2.
After returning to momentum management, ADCO will again need to inhibit thruster firings because HTV will be very close to Node 2 getting ready for berthing. Again, “desaturation request” will go to “inhibit”.
Friday 8:35 AM
While HTV berthing is ongoing, the power officer will be reconfiguring his system post-rendezvous. The solar arrays will be taken back to autotrack at about 8:35. Go back to the Spartan display and you will see the SARJ joints start moving again.
And those are all the key milestones that you can follow on ISS Live! Obviously other important things will be going on related to rendezvous, but not everything is easily viewed in the available telemetry. I hope that at least one person will follow along on ISS Live! while watching NASA TV and maybe learn something new. Let me know if you do!
OTTAWA – Conservative leadership hopeful Kellie Leitch expressed her dismay Sunday over the fatal shooting at a Quebec City mosque that left at least five dead, saying that she's devastated people would act on the religious hatred she's spent the past year-and-a-half inciting.
“It's just so tragic that anyone, be it a terrified white man, or a radicalized Islamist, would take my constant efforts to vilify Muslims as barbaric terrorists conspiring to infiltrate our country and murder us all,” lamented the Simcoe-Grey MP. “And use it to fuel their own violent, irrational hatred that's now claimed the lives of several peaceful, completely innocent Canadians.”
The self-appointed champion of ‘Canadian Values' added that, ‘it's a very sad day for our democracy when politicians can't exploit the fear and ignorance of others for personal gain without doing irreparable damage to our social fabric.'
Leitch campaign manager Nick Kouvalis echoed the Tory candidate's sentiments, and warned Canadians not to be misled by the false information about Islam that he purposely spreads.
Leitch refused to comment on how Sunday's tragic events would affect her leadership campaign going forward, noting that, ‘Now is not the time for being political. Now is the time for pretending to mourn.'
Authorities on Thursday said they identified more than two months ago.
Through DNA analysis, the remains were determined to be that of Steven A. Disarro, of Westwood, Massachusetts, a press release noted.
The FBI Boston Division's Evidence Response Team, with assistance from the Providence Police Department and Rhode Island State Police, located .
"For 23 years, the family of Mr. Disarro has been awaiting news of his whereabouts," Special Agent Harold H. Shaw said in the release. "The thoughts and prayers of everyone in the FBI are with them during this difficult time. Our investigation will continue to pursue those responsible for Mr. Disarro's death in an effort to bring them to justice."
DiSarro was last seen in 1993.
Shortly after, former NBC 10 I-Team investigator Jim Taricani reported on DiSarro's disappearance and ties to organized crime.
Sources told Taricani that DiSarro had previously had a dispute with former New England mafia boss, "Cadillac Frank" Salemme.
Taricani reported that DiSarro was known in Rhode Island.
"State and local law enforcement sources tell the I-Team that several years ago, DiSarro used to visit quite frequently (a) condo complex on Douglas Avenue in North Providence," Taricani noted. "But those sources say he most likely was not here looking to buy a condo."
At the time, Brendan Doherty of the Rhode Island State Police told Taricani that the "State Police Intelligence Unit is familiar with Mr. DiSarro and his associates here in Rhode Island."
More than 10 years later, Salemme was charged with obstruction in the case.
The feds claimed Salemme was at the murder scene and helped bury DiSarro's body, but then tried to mislead investigators.
"We'd like to express our sincere thanks and appreciation for all the efforts that went into locating Steven," Disarro's wife, Pamela said. "We look forward to the conclusion of the FBI's investigation so we can learn as much as possible about what really happened to Steven and finally get some closure for our family."
Authorities said the investigation is ongoing.
The LHC's 2017 proton run has ended with record luminosity. The special runs will now take place before the winter shutdown.
It's the end of the road for the protons this year after a magnificent performance from the Large Hadron Collider (LHC). On Friday, the final beams of the 2017 proton run circulated in the LHC. The run ended, as it does every year, with a round up of the luminosity performance, the indicator by which the effectiveness of a collider is measured and on which the operators keep a constant eye.
The LHC has far exceeded its target for 2017. It has provided its two major experiments, ATLAS and CMS, with 50 inverse femtobarns of data, i.e. 5 billion million collisions. The inverse femtobarn (fb-1) is the unit used to measure integrated luminosity, or the cumulative number of potential collisions over a given period.
This result is all the more remarkable because the machine experts had to overcome a serious setback. A vacuum problem in the beam pipe of a magnet cell limited the number of bunches that could circulate in the machine. Several teams were brought in to find a solution. Notably, the arrangement of the bunches in the beams was changed. After a few weeks, luminosity started to increase again.
At the same time, over the course of the year, the operators have optimised the operating parameters. Using a new system put in place this year, they have notably reduced the size of the beams when they meet at the centre of the experiments. The more squeezed the beams, the more collisions occur each time they meet. Last year, the operators managed to obtain 40 collisions at each bunch crossing, with each bunch containing 100 billion particles. In 2017, up to 60 collisions were produced at each crossing.
Thanks to these improvements, the instantaneous luminosity record was smashed, reaching 2.06 x 1034cm-2s-1, or twice the nominal value. Instantaneous luminosity corresponds to the potential number of collisions per second.
The LHC will continue to operate for another two weeks for two special runs including a week for operation studies. The first special run will consist of carrying out proton collisions at 5.02 TeV (as opposed to the usual 13 TeV), the same energy as that planned for next year's lead-ion runs. This will enable physicists to collect data with protons, which they will then be able to compare with the lead-ion data.
The second special run, at very low luminosity, will provide data for the TOTEM and ATLAS/ALFA experiments. These two experiments use detectors located on either side of two large LHC detectors: CMS in the case of TOTEM and ATLAS in the case of ATLAS/ALFA. They study interactions called elastic scattering, where two protons merely change direction slightly when they interact, rather than colliding. For these studies, the LHC makes the beams as wide as possible. What's more, the energy will be limited to 450 GeV, i.e. the energy at which beams are injected from the accelerator complex into the LHC.
Finally, the operators will carry out a “machine development” campaign. Over a week, they will perform operating tests to improve the accelerator's performance still further (it can never be too good) and begin to prepare the High-Luminosity LHC, which will take over from the LHC after 2025.
When these tests are over, the operators will stop the machine for the year-end technical shutdown.
1. He was drafted as a hitter
Though Doolittle starred on the mound in high school and pitched in college at the University of Virginia, the A's drafted him for his hitting in the first round of the 2007 draft. Doolittle hit 22 homers across three minor league levels in 2008, but fell victim to a series of injuries that cost him nearly three full seasons and prompted his return to the mound. After only 25 innings pitched in the minors, Doolittle debuted in the A's bullpen in 2012.
“I was about at the end of my rope as a hitter,” Doolittle said. “I really just didn't want to look back at my career and have any regrets. Never in a million years did I think the transition would go as smooth as it did, or as quick.
“Just two and a half years after doing it, to be sitting here in Minnesota at the All-Star Game — it's surreal.”
2. He has an awesome beard
In addition to their on-field excellence, the Oakland A's maintain sartorial dominance over the Majors. Doolittle's beard is an important piece of that puzzle.
3. He never walks anybody
This is crazy: Doolittle has struck out 63 batters and walked only two in 43 2/3 innings in 2014. If the season ended today, he'd be the only pitcher in Major League history to throw more than 25 innings with a strikeout-to-walk rate nearly that good.
“I always try to be in attack mode, and go out there and get strike one,” Doolittle said.
4. He's good on Twitter
"Tonight were gonna party like it's homerun derby time" - Prince, right now, on the shores of Lake Minnetonka, probably — Sean Doolittle (@whatwouldDOOdo) July 15, 2014
Tons of Major Leaguers are on Twitter, but few match Doolittle in frequency or wit. And he's not above a good pun now and then.
After seven months of delays and tens of millions of dollars in cost overruns, there is finally some good news: Passengers could be boarding Metro Silver Line trains this summer.
The Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority and Metro announced Thursday that they have reached an agreement that will allow MWAA additional time to complete its work on the $5.6 billion rail line even after the project is turned over to the transit authority.
The agreement means there won't be the speedy turnover many had hoped for, but it provides a clear outline for what needs to be done to get the new rail line running.
“It is a big step forward,” said Pat Nowakowski, executive director of the Silver Line project, who announced last week that he was resigning to take a job with another transportation agency.
Metro General Manager Richard Sarles said if the transit agency waited until MWAA completed all the necessary work before taking custody of the project, passenger service probably wouldn't begin until late 2014. Service originally was slated to begin in December 2013.
There are a number of critical issues MWAA must address before Metro takes possession of the line, Sarles said.
“While there are still outstanding items for the Airports Authority and their contractor to resolve, today's agreement allows us to move this project closer to opening day for our customers by allowing certain tasks to be completed after the project is in Metro's control,” Sarles said. “We expect that the Airports Authority will complete the remaining items in a timely fashion, thereby allowing us to open the line this summer.”
Sarles said Metro is likely to take control of the Silver Line next month, followed by up to 90 days of testing and training before passenger service begins.
Although it may speed up the opening, the agreement could mean additional costs for phase one of the project, which is already $150 million over budget. While that is a relatively modest amount for a project of this size, it is concerning to fiscal watchdogs and users of the Dulles Toll Road —who are paying the bulk of the project's $5.6 billion price tag.
“There is a certain unknown,” Nowakowski conceded. “We still feel we will be very close to contract budget, but it's difficult to know.”
MWAA officials also announced Thursday that the project's contractor, Dulles Transit Partners, led by construction giant Bechtel, had met all conditions under its contract with the airports authority for the project to be considered “substantially complete.” That declaration, which came at the end of a 15-day review period, set the stage for the agreement between Metro and MWAA.
“Substantial completion is an important milestone that signals major work is finished and that soon riders will travel on a 21st-century transit system,” said Larry Melton, Bechtel's executive director for the project. “This achievement is remarkable given the complexity of building a rail line in a densely populated area where 700,000 cars travel each day.”
One elected official described the news as “heading into the homestretch.”
“After decades of planning, intense politics and finally construction, we are heading into the homestretch on the first phase of rail to Dulles. I look forward to a quick handoff of the project from MWAA to Metro so we can welcome riders to the Silver Line this summer,” Rep. Gerald E. Connolly (D-Va.) said.
But regional leaders emphasized that it was important to keep the pressure on both agencies.
“While I welcome today's news of additional progress on bringing rail to Dulles, I strongly encourage MWAA and WMATA to maintain a sense of urgency so that we will see the Silver Line up and running before the end of summer, said Sen. Mark R. Warner (D-Va.), who has been critical of the many delays that have plagued the project. “I urge everyone involved to pull together to get the remaining punch-list issues resolved quickly so we can move forward to the crucial safety testing. Too many travelers and taxpayers have waited too long for these final steps not to be resolved as quickly and efficiently as possible.”
Thursday's announcements cap a tumultuous period for the rail project, which has had myriad problems ranging from faulty computer systems to emergency speakers that did not meet fire codes.
The news of Nowakowski's resignation last week coincided with an acknowledgment from MWAA officials that attempts to fix a key component of the rail line, which had delayed completion of the project for several months, had failed. And while contractors have found a work-around that will allow the rail line to open, it will cost nearly $2 million and take a year to complete a permanent fix.
To many, the ongoing saga illustrates the bumpy road the project—one of the largest of its kind under construction in the country — has traveled since rail to Dulles was first conceived in the late 1960s. Northern Virginia leaders see rail to Dulles International Airport as a way to boost economic development and relieve traffic congestion. The transit line is expected to help transform traffic-choked Tysons into an urban oasis of walkable communities with shopping, night life, city-style residences and jobs.
But paying for and building the rail link have proved to be a difficult slog.
The Silver Line is the first line to be added to the 38-year-old Metro system in more than two decades. But because it is the first one not being built by Metro, it has required a previously unheard of level of cooperation between an agency that runs two of the region's airports and a toll road, and one that manages its rail and bus system.
The first phase of the rail line will have four stations in Tysons and one at Wiehle Avenue in Reston. Preliminary work on the second phase, which will have six stops, including one at Dulles Airport, has recently begun and is expected to be completed in 2018.
The state of Virginia, the federal government and Loudoun and Fairfax counties are all contributing to the project, but the bulk of its costs are being paid by users of the Dulles Toll Road.
“It's always frustrating to have something near the goal line and not be able to quite get it over the goal line,” Sarles said Thursday.
But he added: “I've been through system start-ups before. There are things that come up. The important thing is that we get it right. The last thing I would like to do is start the system prematurely, and then have problems with opening day and deliver bad service to our customers.”
Get updates on your area delivered via e-mail
The scope of the problem remains an open question. Wary locals have been reporting potential dump sites — 76 so far, state officials say — in backyards and hillsides in this area just north of Grand Rapids, where the suburbs fade into the countryside. Wolverine officials said they were helping investigate those sites, but said many were not theirs.
Kathleen Shirey, who is helping lead the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality's response, said her agency had not been fully aware of Wolverine's past dumping and was continuing to investigate whether other reported dumpsites were related to Wolverine. She blamed shoddy record-keeping and loose dumping regulations in past generations.
“We've asked the company — they apparently don't have too much, either, in way of historical files,” Ms. Shirey said. “So what we're primarily relying on is citizen memory and reports.”
Wolverine officials acknowledged dumping waste, but said they had complied with applicable laws at the time, and were committed to working with regulators and cleaning up the mess. The officials emphasized that the health risks of PFAS were not known at the time of the dumping, and that the extent of those hazards remains unknown.
Several nervous residents pointed out flaws in Michigan's response in Flint, about 120 miles east, where the state's environmental quality agency gave assurances about a 2014 change in the city's water source that ultimately poisoned people with lead and put them at risk for Legionnaires' disease. That debacle led to involuntary manslaughter charges against the state's former top drinking water official, as well as the state's chief medical executive, the director of the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services, and other government workers.
CHENNAI: This spy story is getting heady. Arun Selvarajan, the suspected ISI agent from Colombo arrested by National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Tuesday in Chennai, had sneaked into the Officers Training Academy ( OTA ) in the city posing as a bartender in August 2009.Before he launched an event management firm in Chennai, Selvarajan has confessed to the interrogators, he visited OTA for a recce, disguising himself as a bartender at a dinner for Army officers.For the get-together in 2009, OTA had given the bartending contract to a star hotel in Chennai. NIA officials said Selvarajan tagged along a friend who worked in the star hotel for the officers' party. “He served drinks and managed to take some photographs of senior officers in the academy, using a pen camera. He downloaded these photographs and sent them to his handler called Shaji in Sri Lanka. Shaji worked for the Pakistan high commission in Sri Lanka.Officers said Selvarajan, however, was not revealing more information about the night. “We need to question him further about his suspected role in India,” an investigating officer said. NIA officials have sought seven days custody of the suspected ISI operative. The petition will be taken up for hearing on coming Monday.Investigators have sent six mobile phones, a laptop, four hard disks, an iPad, a 1TB portable drive and three pen drives to the cyber wing. “We are trying to retrieve data from the devices which he had tried to wipe off the contents. So far we haven't found any photographs that he is suspected to have taken at OTA. They could be in the laptop or iPad,” a senior police officer said.Sources said Selvarajan was recruited by Pakistan official in Colombo Amir Zubair Siddiqui. He was being handled by Shaji after Siddiqui was called back to Pakistan following protest from Sri Lanka over his activities. NIA officials said Siddiqui and Shaji promised Selvarajan protection and money in exchange of critical information about Indian installations.“Selvarajan had discontinued his schooling in Sri Lanka and joined an international residential school near Poonamallee in Chennai. He sent his Sri Lankan passport to his friend in Colombo to renew his visa,” the officer said. Later he floated an event management company to gain access to many important places in and around Chennai.
President Rodrigo Duterte said the government was willing to forget about the tax evasion case against the owner of Mighty Corp., Alex Wongchuking. But Duterte said Wongchuking should pay the government double his tax liabilities.
“I will forget about the printing of P1.5 billion worth of fake stamps. I will agree to this: Pay double, I'll forget about it. Anyway, I assure him that if someone in power pursues the case, I can always pardon him,” he said in an ambush interview in Davao del Sur.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Here's the deal. He offered P1.5 (billion), which is definitely unacceptable to me. There was deceit. So, he needs to give double. He should offer three billion,” he added.
The President said Wongchuking should give it directly to the secretary of health to fix government hospitals.
“He should give one billion for Basilan. He should give it directly to the secretary of health, not to me, because I want to fix the hospital there. One billion for Jolo because I also want to fix the hospital there. Then in Manila, one billion for Mary Johnstone Hospital in Tondo. Three billion and we're settled. Tell him,” he said.
Duterte said “tax cases can be compromised.”
“It can be settled if it's only tax liability. When you failed to pay your taxes, intentionally or unintentionally, you can settle it. The law allows settlements, compromise,” he said. JE/rga
RELATED STORIES
Tax evasion case vs Mighty eyed
Duterte orders arrest of Mighty Corp owner for ‘economic sabotage'
ADVERTISEMENT
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Mark Allen
Mark Allen continued his criticism of the Haikou World Open after beating Mark King 5-1 on Friday to reach the semi-finals of the Chinese event.
UK Championship finalist Allen made headlines on Thursday when he criticised conditions as "horrendous".
Allen's latest comments on Twitter were about the high temperature in the arena, which he said was a "disgrace."
"We asked if we could take our bow ties off as it was too warm," said Irishman Allen on Twitter.
"World Snooker said air con was full up. Got to Kingy a bit more than me. Played all right though all things considered."
That was one of the best matches I've played all year and I still lost John Higgins after losing to Robert Milkins
The Northern Irishman was joined in the semi-finals by Mark Selby, who beat his fellow Englishman Shaun Murphy 5-0.
In the second session of the day, world number 38 Robert Milkins gave an outstanding performance to beat Scotland's world number six John Higgins.
The Englishman now faces Stephen Lee, a 5-1 winner over Graeme Dott, in the semi-finals.
"I played really well and John played really well too, so it was a shame to see a loser, Milkins told worldsnooker.com.
"I've never beaten John but to beat him like that when he was playing so well was extra special for me."
Higgins paid tribute to his opponent saying: "That was one of the best matches I've played all year and I still lost - he played great snooker."
Lee will play his second semi-final in a month and is looking forward to facing Milkins after his straightforward victory over Dott.
"The table was hard work," he said. "And we both struggled a bit. I'm looking forward to tomorrow though.
"Robert's just beaten John Higgins and I know him really well. He's a good aggressive player and I'll be bang up for it."
Ex-President George W. Bush has been counter-signaling the Donald Trump administration in recent days, slightly more than a month into the Trump era.
In Trump's battle with the partisan media Bush has sided openly with the press, saying that a hostile media is “indispensable to democracy.” He went on to imply that the likes of CNN and NBC are necessary to keep Trump from abusing his power. Bush appeared to side with US Senator and neo-conservative warmonger John McCain against Trump's assertion that the hostile media is the “enemy of the people.”
Bush attacked Trump's Alt-Right supporters too and the growing nationalist tide, saying “Yes, I don't like the racism and I don't like the name-calling and I don't like people feeling alienated.”
None of this is much of a surprise given that Trump ran strongly against George W. Bush's record, condemned his war in Iraq and made the Bush family one of his favorite punching bags during the campaign.
Though the Trump administration is just getting started we already see the extent to which the Republican establishment (especially congressional leaders) are going to fight him every step of the way. They are far more aligned with the liberal media, past presidents and Big Business/globalist interests than they are with us. It means that the president will likely be unable to fully impliment his America First agenda even though “his” party controls the government. It reminds us that we still need truly revolutionary change. In this environment the Alt-South has much work to do in building a Southern Nationalist media platform and organizing the core of movement which can take advantage of the Trump era to point the way towards a brighter future that won't include the likes of Bush, the hostile media and DC establishment.
Cash Money Records co-owners/brothers Birdman and Slim made a major announcement at Brooklyn Law School on April 19, where they were guest speakers: a script for a label biopic is currently in the works. Cash Money has been met with ongoing legal battles with their artists ever since its launch in 1991, with the most notable being the saga between Lil Wayne and Birdman over unpaid royalties.
In an audio clip courtesy of XXL, Birdman states he is excited about the forthcoming script and was inspired by successful hip-hop biopic Straight Outta Compton:
“I think that Dr. Dre and Ice Cube are geniuses for what they have done and accomplished. For them to do that [movie] and to make it trend-setting, they opened doors for us, and I think that what we have is way more special because we're in modern times.”
Listen to the audio:
About 7000 people have so far pledged more than AUD$330,000 to see a Brisbane-born idea come to life.
Proposed game Satellite Reign is the brainchild of a group of Brisbane gaming developers who call themselves “5 Lives”, and it's a project they're hoping can revive Brisbane's gaming industry which thrived up until about 2009.
Artwork from Satellite Reign, a Brisbane game likely to be funded by crowd sourcing.
A Canadian CEO and entrepreneur Steven Dengler has pledged the biggest amount - $7801 to secure his name and likeness appearing in the game as an evil CEO, if it gets produced.
Satellite Reign is currently little more than conceptual artwork and a few animations, but it's generating considerable excitement and looks likely to raise the funds needed for production.
In a heart-warming trend for the country, recent data shows an increase in the number of mother who breastfeed their babies initially and sustained them for six months and more.As per data from the Union health ministry, initial breastfeeding has nearly doubled in the past decade - from 23.4% in 2005-06 to 41.6% in 2015-16. “Exclusive breastfeeding as proportion of children under the age of six months has gone up to 54.9% (2015-16) from 46.4% (2005-06),“ read a statement from the ministry.The health ministry further added that to improve the scope of initial breastfeeding rates, there are plans to have lactation management centres in public hospitals. “This will ensure that sick and preterm babies are fed with safe human breast milk,“ said an official. Ram Manohar Lohia (RML) Hospital and the Indian Academy of Paediatrics, officials added, have been entrusted to lead awareness activities. “We have started family-centred care for newborns. Here, mothers are trained how to breastfeed newborn and other members of the family are trained to care of the babies.The centres are helping in faster recovery of pre-term babies significantly,“ Dr Arti Maria, neonatologist at RML said.According to Dr Bernd Stahl, R&D director of human milk research at Nutricia Research, mother's milk is required by the infant to achieve optimal growth and cognitive development of the brain. “It has a positive impact on mothers too. Women who breastfeed have a reduced risk of ovarian and breast cancers and metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. It also helps in post-partum weight loss,“ Dr Stahl said. He added that there is no substitute to breastfeeding.“In several households, especially in urban areas, mothers are unable to breastfeed their child due to various reasons including lack of motivation, ignorance, work pressure and work places not being equipped with facilities,“ said Dr Nandan Joshi, head of nutrition science and medical affairs at Danone India.According to WHO recommendations, infants should be exclusively breastfed for the first six months, followed by an introduction to complementary feeding at six months along with continued breastfeeding up to two-years. The India Newborn Action Plan, developed by the health ministry, is targeting a 75% rate of initiation of breastfeeding within an hour of birth by 2017 and 90% by 2025.
ORLANDO -- Dave Dombrowski tried to change some minds Tuesday.
When meeting with the local media during the GM meetings, the Red Sox president of baseball operations was asked about the Big 3 power bats that most everyone in baseball believe Dombrowski and Co. are targeting -- Giancarlo Stanton, J.D. Martinez and Eric Hosmer. What he did was throw everyone off the scent.
"I think you have to be careful, because I do read those names I think you're referring to, while I'm not sure 100 percent," Dombrowski said. "I think you have to be a little carried away that that's not for sure the direction that you're going. In today's world, you not only make decisions on a player's ability but you also talk about contracts. So you do have to weigh all those things in. I do think there are quite a few players that are capable of helping us for what we need to do. Maybe they're not quite as high-profile as some of the names, but I think we still have to remember that we still won 93 games, so we are in that position. We're not looking to just revamp our ballclub. We're looking to make that addition, and I think there are quite a few guys out there that could help us. Now, could we acquire that talent? We'll have to wait and see. But I don't think there's just -- when you say three, I'll take your word on the three that are written all the time – that there's just three players.."
OK. So, if you're going to follow Dombrowski's lead (which many did as the day unfolded) the likes of Carlos Santana and Logan Morrison would scratch where the Red Sox were itching. That narrative -- one which suggested far less of a financial commitment than the Big 3 needed -- was only pushed further when the president was asked about leveraging his payroll for a run at some of next offseason's free agents.
Now, it was about saving money for the players on the team, not using the cash for those who aren't.
"You always look to the future, so you're never just looking at this year," Dombrowski said. "You always do that. But I think what gets lost too is that we have some young players that we want to retain in our own organization. So, how many big, big dollar guys can one club have? So, I think that there are still limitations on every organization in baseball in that regard. So, you look at all those things together. In some ways, you prioritize your own players, too, and keeping them for the long term. If you do that, does that restrict you from doing something else? But yet, if you don't keep them or they don't want to be with you, then you have other availabilities that are out there, potentially. So, there's a lot that goes into those decisions."
All fair. But I don't buy that one of the Big 3 won't be coming the Red Sox' way.
Of course such signings are going to put the Red Sox' payroll over the luxury tax threshold. Well over. And they also actually might make extensions for Xander Bogaerts, Chris Sale, Jackie Bradley Jr., Mookie Betts, and maybe Craig Kimbrel a bit more difficult to squeeze in. I don't think that will stop Dombrowski. He needs that big bat because that is what ails this team the most, and will continue to if action isn't taken.
To me, the problem isn't going to be the money. It's going to be the timeline.
The pace of this offseason hasn't been to Dombrowski's liking. As we've learned, the president of baseball operations likes to act quickly and decisively. That doesn't really seem to be an option this time around. Martinez and Hosmer are Scott Boras guys. Scott Boras typically likes to let things play out a bit. We're talking possibly through the winter meetings a month from now.
In fact, it would be a good bet that a Stanton trade will be the first shoe to drop. But judging by the current asking price of the Marlins, and the mission embarked on by Miami president Michael Hill to fully understand the lay of the land, this isn't going to unfurl in the next few days. For a blueprint, remember how things shook out with the Chris Sale deal a year ago. When White Sox GM Rick Hahn left the meetings in Scottsdale he was heading home not believing the Red Sox would emerge as a favorite for the pitcher. That reality would come more than three weeks later.
While such a timeline was fine for the Sale acquisition, this is a bit different. If the Red Sox missed out on the ace, life would go on. Despite his suggestion that there are plenty of back-up plans, barring an unforseen trade, the drop-off after the Big 3 will be significant.
"I think you weigh all those things is what it comes down to and I don't really have an answer because if you wait for something does the other option disappear on you so those are the things you're weighing," said Dombrowski when asked about the methodical pace of this offseason. "Now if he has waited and generally gotten contracts for his guys, but sometimes they're not until real late, so I just think, the only part of being cognizant is what other options do you have if you wait too long."
As one agent said Tuesday night, there hasn't been a November like this in some time, one which is moving at a snail's pace. Dombrowski said he has done take-it-or-leave-it offers before, and maybe those will be broken out again.
But no matter how Dombrowski gets there, it's still a safe bet he lands at the same spot he has the past two years -- with one of the offseason's biggest moves. Don't let Tuesday's words fool you.
Recently, we provided a step-by-step guide to figuring out which companies to apply for. But today, we'd like to make your life even easier by giving you a list of 10 awesome companies that are hiring like crazy in December.
Think December's a strange time to apply for a new job? Think again. With less competition from other job seekers and more attention from recruiters, you'll get a chance to seriously impress hiring managers if you choose to apply to any of these awesome companies.
1. Dolby
If you've ever set foot in a movie theater, chances are you've been exposed to visual and sound technologies created by Dolby. The company's mission is to improve everyday entertainment in cinema, music, and video games.
Although Dolby has been around for almost 50 years, employees say the excitement of going to work never wears off. New projects are executed every day, and the company's different teams are united by the desire to improve the entertainment experience. Even if technology isn't your jam, there are plenty of open roles, from marketing and legal operations to business strategy and product management, that will surely pique your interest.
2. GoHealth
GoHealth is disrupting the health insurance industry—fast. Dubbed as the nation's most complete online portal for finding health insurance coverage, the company has helped nearly 30 million Americans compares and purchase insurance plans since its founding in 2011. Michael Mahoney, senior VP of consumer marketing, shares that because the fundamentals of the insurance industry are so old, there are very few limits in terms of creativity.
Want to join a fast-paced environment with endless possibilities for innovation and advancement? Now's your chance to apply. Don't worry if the job description doesn't fit you perfectly, because GoHealth's new hires don't fit any kind of mold.
3. Twilio
It's not hard to fall in love with Twilio's office in San Francisco. The cloud communications company—with major clients like Coca-Cola, PayPal, and Uber—has conference rooms named after Alexander Graham Bell and Thomas Edison, a fully-stocked kitchen, and a break room called The Dungeon.
Apart from building the next generation of voice and SMS applications for both Fortune 500 companies and rising startups, you'll enjoy awesome perks like $20 a month for your daily bike ride, free Zipcar credits, and even $30 a month to buy your favorite books (if you successfully build a Twilio app, that is). Check out these openings to see how you can help define the future of business communication with a smart and incredibly fun team.
4. Squarespace
Squarespace is hiring everywhere—in New York, in Portland, and in Dublin. Why? Because the company's product is becoming popular everywhere. With the recent release of Squarespace 7 (which is seriously beautiful), the company is becoming a front-runner in website building. Customers build a professional presence on the web by selecting from Squarespace's range of sophisticated templates and connect real-time with the company's technicians whenever they have questions.
The company is looking to hire everyone from customer operations advisors and design specialists to software and network engineers. Applicants with fluency in either Spanish or German are especially desired.
5. Virool
With a global network of more than 100 million viewers, Virool makes sure videos get seen. Whether it's helping movie trailers reach new audiences, helping musicians get discovered on YouTube, or helping brands engage with online viewers, Virool knows the secret formula for making videos go viral. Sony, Disney, and Heineken are just a few of the company's notable customers.
If being a part of this video advertising story excites you, Virool wants to chat. Apart from traveling between the offices in San Francisco, New York, and St. Petersburg, you'll have opportunities to go on company retreats to places like Napa Valley and Yosemite National Park.
6. Shutterstock
Shutterstock has created the largest and most vibrant two-sided marketplace for creative professionals to license content—including images, videos, and music, as well as innovative tools that power the creative process. The company now boasts a presence in more than 150 different countries and operates in 20 different languages. It's looking for new hires to join in its mission to deliver high-quality content from more than 70,000 artists to a global customer base of over one million marketing, creative, production, and communications professionals.
Whether you're located in Chicago, Denver, New York, San Francisco, or Europe, there are open positions for you at Shutterstock. Don't miss this opportunity to visually inspire the global creative community.
7. Allstate
Ever heard of the slogan, “You're in good hands with Allstate?” Well, it comes from the company that's currently the largest publicly held personal lines insurer in the U.S. Allstate's mission is to help millions of households—16 million, to be exact—insure personal possessions and plan for the unexpected. No matter what your needs are, Allstate has the right insurance coverage option for you.
Join more than 70,000 professionals to expand the company's existing products and build new ones. Even though Allstate is a giant firm, employees share that the company's startup-like culture allows everyone to make a direct impact.
8. GrubHub
To put it simply, GrubHub quells hunger. Its online ordering system featuring menu viewing, meal ordering, and food delivery is every hungry person's dream come true. As Steven Young, senior director of acquisitions marketing, puts it, “We bring a new way of getting all the food that you love, whenever you want it, however you want it.”
Get excited, because GrubHub's Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, San Francisco, Miami, and San Diego locations are all hiring like crazy. Whether you're technical, non-technical, looking for an internship, or looking for a senior level position—the company has a job opening for you.
9. Teach for America
Only 8% of kids growing up in low-income communities graduate from college, and TFA wants to change that. The organization's mission is to provide kids growing up in poverty with the opportunity to get an excellent education. Partnering with regional offices from all 50 states, TFA reaches students at every stage between pre-K and 12th grade.
If you'd like to join more than 2,000 others in this social movement, don't wait another minute to apply. While you don't need an experience in education to be considered, you do need a passion for impacting the next generation.
10. Nitro
Nitro makes smarter documents for everyone. Its award-winning products have transformed the way documents are created, edited, and shared—and more than 490,000 businesses have bought in. Not impressed yet? Over 50% of Fortune 500 companies—Nike, IBM, and Staples, to name a few—rely on Nitro, and the company built the PDF that has become Lenovo's software partner of choice.
Now that Nitro's products are used by millions of people around the world, the company is searching for the brightest talent for its offices in Melbourne, Dublin, and San Francisco. As a Nitronaut, you'll enter a place where the office culture is completely defined by the interests of employees.
Want to see how your company can be featured on a list like this? Email sales@themuse.com.
Nathan has a cancerous growth on his throat and cannot perform. Your generosity gives him peace of mind for his family during recovery.
New Zealand music legend Nathan Haines was diagnosed with cancer of the larynx in mid December 2017.
After two major operations in late December and mid January 2018 including removal of the tumour and lymph nodes in his neck, Nathan is now cancer free and is getting on with recovery, including a six week course of radio therapy which he undertook in late March.
Having to cancel all his performances indefinitely at his busiest time of year is a huge blow to the Haines family, and like many New Zealand entertainers he lives from show to show with little ongoing security.
Nathan has trouble speaking clearly as the surgery compromised his right vocal cord, and he is working through many post-surgery and radiology side effects including difficulty swallowing and aspiration (he was admitted to hospital in March for a pneumonia type lung condition). However he is still able to play, though it will many months until he is able to return to his previous form.
Nathan and his wife Jaimie appreciate the financial support they have received at this very difficult and testing time.
Use of Funds:
For the day-to-day support and security of Nathan's family and to contribute to ongoing living costs.
He has contributed so much to this nation - producing decades of investigative PBS documentaries and demonstrating how Liberal journalism/commentary can be kind and respectful, as well as strong and authoritative. Bill Moyers will be missed.
His many fans were able to talk him into staying on the air a little longer, but this time, Bill Moyers tells his viewers in a letter, "This time, it's the real deal." Here is an excerpt:
Dear Viewers: The third and final year of Moyers & Company comes to an end on January 2 and I am writing to assure you that this time it's the real deal. You may recall that we had originally raised the funds in 2011 for a two-year series but when I announced last fall that the end was near, thousands of you wrote imploring us to reconsider. My long-time funders came forward with a renewed commitment to a third year of support. How could I say no? But as the end of the third year approaches it's time finally to sign off. I do so as the luckiest fellow in broadcast journalism for having been a part of public television for over half of my 80 years. … See full letter: BillMoyers.com
Born in Oklahoma, Moyers began reporting for a local Texas newspaper at the age of 16. In 1956, he obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in Journalism at UT in Austin, where he wrote for The Daily Texan. Moyers is also an ordained minister, and completed a Master of Divinity degree in 1959.
In 1961, while Kennedy was in office, Bill Moyers began working as the associate director of public affairs for the newly formed Peace Corps. After Kennedy was assassinated, Moyers became a key advisor for President Johnson and was instrumental in helping Johnson get elected in 1964. He also served as White House press secretary from 1965-1967. For a brief time, Moyers worked as a CBS editor & chief correspondent in the 1970's, and also as an NBC political analyst/commentator in 1995.
Most of us know Bill Moyers for his resounding presence on public television where he has been for the last 40 years. When I think of PBS, Moyers comes to mind, along with a strange calmness. The calmness comes from his voice, his smile, and the comfort in knowing he's speaking with truth and integrity. You can believe him. And you can see that same calmness and trust emulated in the eyes of his guests, when he interviews Maya Angelou, Dalai Lama, Elizabeth Warren, Sandra Day O'Connor, Pete Seeger, Neil deGrasse, Jane Goodall, Jon Stewart, Howard Zinn, Susan Sontag, Desmond TuTu, and hundreds more. The topics Moyers has essayed/documented include just about every political and human interest tag imaginable.
So much good can be said about Bill Moyers. He is a national treasure. I've barely touched the surface of his life's work and achievements, all of which have educated and benefited the public. He's one of the most trusted and admired journalists in the country, loved not only by his viewers, but also by his many friends and peers within the industry and throughout the world. Although his departure is several months away, I feel a sadness, as well as a very deep appreciation for the years he has given us. I don't think I'm alone when I say, I miss him already.
Here's to you, Mr. Moyers.
Lifeguard fired after rescuing drowning man - as he stepped outside his assigned zone to do it
A lifeguard who ran to rescue a drowning man has been fired - after he went outside his assigned zone to save him.
Two other lifeguards have quit in protest over the treatment of Tomas Lopez, 21, who argued he was just doing the job he was trained to do.
Lopez was sitting at his post on Hallandale Beach, Florida on Monday afternoon when a beach-goer rushed over asking for his help.
Fired: Tomas Lopez, 21, was sacked from his job as a lifeguard after running outside his assigned zone to save a drowning man at the beach
He looked south of his post and saw a man struggling in the water, in an area that was not watched by lifeguards. A sign in the area warns people to swim there at their own risk.
'It was a long run, but someone needed my help. I wasn't going to say no,' Lopez told the Sun Sentinel .
The rescue took place around 1,500 feet out of the boundaries set by Lopez's employer, Jeff Ellis and Associates.
By the time he reached the area, the man had been pulled from the water.
Work ethic: Lopez said he just did what he was trained to do
He was semi conscious and had water on his lungs, so Lopez attended to him until paramedics arrived, the Sentinel reported.
'I ran out to do the job I was trained to do. I didn't think about it at all' Tomas Lopez
The man remains in intensive care at Aventura Hospital.
Lopez's boss then asked him to fill out an incident report - before promptly firing him for stepping outside his designated area.
'They didn't tell me in a bad way,' Lopez said. 'It was more like they were sorry, but rules are rules. I couldn't believe what was happening.
'I ran out to do the job I was trained to do. I didn't think about it at all.'
Lopez has been a lifeguard for four months, after passing swimming and physical exams.
Lookout: Lopez's employers at Hallandale Beach, Florida, pictured, said his actions could have put beach-goers in his assigned area at risk
Jeff Ellis and Associates, which is based in Orlando, has been providing lifeguards for the city's beaches and pools since 2003.
Company officials said Lopez broke a rule that could've put beachgoers in his designated area at risk and the firm could have been sued .
'What he did was his own decision,' supervisor Susan Ellis said. 'He knew the company rules and did what he thought he needed to do.'
Lee Brain may claim to be "no one in particular," but after a speech delivered last weekend to a pipeline review panel, many identify him as the oil man's son who "does not see eye to eye" with his father.
Brain delivered his stirring speech in Prince Rupert on February 18 to Canada's Northern Gateway Pipeline Joint Review Panel. As the Vancouver Observer highlighted, it was "the most moving moment" of the hearings.
The proposal to run a pipeline from Bruderheim, Alberta to Kitimat, British Columbia has been fought by many environmental and aboriginal groups. According to their website, the government-mandated Joint Review Panel is working to "assess the environmental effects of the proposed project and review the application under both the Canadian Environmental Assessment Act and the National Energy Board Act."
Growing up in Prince Rupert as the son of an EPCM contractor, 26-year-old Brain is an unlikely pipeline opponent. A few years ago, his father sent him off to experience the oil industry first-hand. His month-long experience on one of the world's largest oil refineries in rural India gave him serious doubts about the future of the oil industry.
"It's time for us to dismantle the institutions that are beginning to imprison us," he said.
Brain told the panel he witnessed villages that had slowly become impoverished -- he believes this occurred after a refinery project arrived carrying a slew of troubles, from a pipeline break to cheap labor issues.
Brain said that his experiences left him believing that "those who work in industry can get excited about growth and yet subsequently, can turn their eyes off towards any adverse impacts they are creating as a result."
Looking to the future, he suggested moving away from fossil fuels, and focusing on a new energy economy. Although Brain was interrupted for presenting an argument over oral evidence of his personal experience, his speech was met with loud applause and a standing ovation, according to the YouTube description.
Brain concluded his speech by asking whether people will choose to embrace a new way of life or "a predictable path that leads to the slow, inevitable decline of a civilization."
The Enbridge Northern Gateway Project Joint Review Panel describes the panel's mission on its website, stating they are "an independent body, mandated by the Minister of the Environment and the National Energy Board. The Panel will assess the environmental effects of the proposed project and review the application under both the Canadian Environmental Assessment Act and the National Energy Board Act."
According to Reuters, many groups that oppose Keystone XL are also against Northern Gateway:
They say the route of the pipeline is too dangerous, owing to seismic activity, frequent landslides and other natural hazards that could lead to oil spills. They also say the chemical makeup of the diluted bitumen that would flow through the pipeline is more corrosive than conventional oil, a contention that has not been proven by independent study.
A couple of days ago we told you guys about an exploit that the gracious developers of the Android community found within the kernels for the Exynos 4210 and 4412 chipsets. With this exploit, Exynos devices like the international Galaxy S2 and all Samsung Galaxy Note 2 units were vulnerable to malicious apps which could gain deep access to the system. It's essentially a root exploit, and while that may sound all fine and dandy (the exploit is said to make rooting ridiculously easy) it would be a bad day if someone were to design an application specifically designed to attack it.
The community took the initiative in providing a fix, but that fix didn't come without some bugs of its own as early testing proved to break the device's camera as the files contributing to the exploit were related to that piece of hardware. Still, it showed a fix was possible and quite easy.
Samsung was quickly notified of these happenings and said they'd investigate the claims, but at that time the OEM couldn't confirm whether or not they'd consider this to be a true issue. We had all the confidence in the world Samsung would agree with the development community, though, and that's exactly what has developed this morning.
The manufacturer confirmed that the exploit existed, and has committed to providing a fix as fast as it can:
Samsung is aware of the potential security issue related to the Exynos processor and plans to provide a software update to address it as quickly as possible. The issue may arise only when a malicious application is operated on the affected devices; however, this does not affect most devices operating credible and authenticated applications. Samsung will continue to closely monitor the situation until the software fix has been made available to all affected mobile devices.
As we stated in our original report (and as Samsung reiterates here) most people need not worry too much about the exploit. Since you would need to download and install apps designed to attack the exploit then this can be easily avoided by watching what you download and making sure you're downloading from credible, trustworthy sources.
This means making sure you're getting applications from legit developers from places like the Google Play Store and the Amazon Appstore. Things get a little trickier when you venture outside those grounds, such as the free applications that are sometimes cooked up for our enjoyment on XDA, but even that is typically safe as the community houses mostly genuine developers.
And, really, if you've ever rooted your phone (no matter what the method) then you're already using exploits to your benefit. This exploit is no different in that regard, but the ease of gaining root access through a kernel level hole is what's troubling and is the main reason why this particular episode has gotten so much attention.
We're sure a fix won't take long to whip up for the Exynos devices affected by this exploit — after all, the development community made tremendous progress in just a few short hours. Samsung should be able to concoct a fix in no time, and the rollout should be following it soon after.
Unlocked devices would be first in line to receive the upgrade, obviously, while those with carrier specific devices would have to wait for carrier approval (though we imagine this is one thing most carriers won't want to drag their feet on). Stay tuned to Phandroid as we look to provide the latest from the horse's mouth down the line.
Kate Middleton delivered her first public speech today (19 March) at a children's hospice in East Anglia.
The Duchess of Cambridge was greeted with a warm round of applause as she took to the podium dressed in a blue Reiss dress.
The 30-year-old royal said she was "enormously proud" to be royal patron of the The Treehouse hospice in Ipswich, which provides support for terminally-ill children and their families. She said she was "only sorry that William could not be here." The prince is currently on a tour of duty of the Falkland Islands.
She earlier toured the facilities and met staff members and children there.
Kate was word perfect in her first public address, delivering it at a steady pace and eliciting laughs and applause from the audience. She is understood to have been practising for some months, although it is not known whether she hired a speech coach.
The reception from Stylist readers who watched our live feed was certainly positive - here are just some of the tweets we received:
The moment is seared by heartache in Jesus Soriano. His daughter Zafiro had just run 15 times around the track to raise money for her school in Redlands, Calif., and was skipping excitedly toward center field to pick up her first-prize award. A man approached.
“You should get out of the country,” the man snarled at her, Mr. Soriano recalls. “Trump will fix this.”
The father leaped in defense of his bright-eyed girl with shimmering black hair that had never been cut since she was born – an American citizen – in California seven years earlier. More words followed; there was pushing. Zafiro began crying. They left without the prize.
In May, Mr. Soriano and his two children and his pregnant wife walked from the United States into Canada to request refugee asylum.
“I feared that they would send me back to Mexico, and take away our kids,” says Soriano, who had worked illegally in the US since 2005. He had left Mexico after he was kidnapped for ransom from his small business. But there was little solace in the US. Coworkers at a print shop were swept up in a raid and deported on a day Soriano was off work. His boss told him not to come back. “In the US, I was treated as a criminal.”
A Canadian welcome
In a small, welcoming office in Vancouver, the Reyes family listened to Soriano's story and nodded. They knew it well. They, too, had arrived at this building, the Immigrant Services Society of British Columbia, from the United States.
Here, they passed inlaid stones offering welcome in 15 languages. Inside they found a warren of social services agencies and nonprofit groups that would help them live in Canada while their cases worked through the system.
There were 18 dorm rooms where refugees can shelter for a while. A health clinic for their families. Trauma counseling, translators, youth programs, English classes, a day-care program. Even a program to introduce Royal Canadian Mounted Police as agents of help, not fear. The center is unique in the world for providing refugees the services they need without sending them scurrying from one government office to another, says Chris Friesen, director of settlement services.
Since the election of President Trump, he says, the center has seen a sharp uptick in cases coming across the US border. An average of about 100 a month are coming from the US to Vancouver, he says; last year it was about 60 a month and in 2013 it was about 31 a month. They are from all over: Iraqis and Kurds and Turks and Iranians, often in the US on tourist or student visas, who walk across the undefended border into Canada.
And there are Latin Americans, many of whom have lived quiet lives in the United States for years before concluding the country really does not want huddled masses yearning to breathe free.
“These are families concerned about staying in the United States as they hear more talk about deportation and walls,” says Mr. Friesen.
It's not just talk. Aaron Reyes was walking home from his job as a car salesman in Tacoma, Wash., when he was stopped by police and held as an illegal alien. He had been in the US since 2001, working, paying taxes, and raising a family, but with no legal papers.
He got out on bail of $5,000 before immigration officers arrived. But he was on their list. And he started noticing a change in tone of people he knew well.
“When Donald Trump first starting running for president and said Mexicans are rapists, people I knew for years were starting to make comments that Mexicans ought to go back to their country. I said, ‘Stop. You know I'm Mexican?' They said, ‘Oh, we meant other Mexicans.' But it still hurt.”
His wife, Alma, noticed it, too. “In the stores, they stopped talking to us. You'd go to the Safeway, and they were real polite to others, but they looked at us and said nothing. And then as soon as Trump won, it all started to come out. It's like they could say anything now. There was a lot of bullying at school – not just us, but black kids and Muslim kids. I had thought we were past that.”
But what really worried the Reyeses was that their children, Mac, age 7, and Arvin, 18 months, were born in the United States. Their extended families all had left Mexico because of the violence and gangs, and scattered through the US. “I would never take my children back to a place that is so dangerous,” says Alma. Just as frightening to her, she says, was the possibility that she or her husband might be detained at work or while they were away from their children.
“We have heard when the parents don't have documentation, you can get deported and the kids end up getting sent to foster care. Nobody has a right to take away our children, and I was not going to let that happen,” she says.
Sprinting across the border
Aaron went first, walking through the Peace Arch Park on the northwest tip of Washington, where it is relatively easy to circumvent border officers. Alma and the two kids followed, but a US border patrol saw her and gave chase on foot. With Arvin in a snuggly on her chest and Mac sprinting beside her, Alma outran the officer to reach the Canadian side.
“When the officer came after me, I just thought, ‘I'll have to go back to Mexico.' I was so afraid of that, so afraid of being sent to Mexico, I just ran and ran.”
Aaron was waiting for her.
Doug Struck VANCOUVER, B.C., AUG. 21: Aaron and Alma Reyes with their children, Mac and Arvin, came across the border after living in Tacoma, Wash., for 16 years, fearing deportation.
There is no guarantee either family ultimately will be allowed to stay in Canada. According to Friesen, the acceptance rate is 55 percent. But refusals can be appealed, and the process can take nearly two years. In the meantime, refugee applicants are allowed to work, get a basic health insurance card, and get assistance for housing and food.
“I am about to receive a work permit that I never got in the United States,” says Soriano, at the Vancouver center. “My family is happy because we no longer feel like a target.”
“It's not necessarily easier” to make a successful claim as a refugee in Canada than the US, says Frank Cohn, executive director of VAST, the Vancouver Association for Survivors of Torture, a nongovermental organization at the center. “But if they make a claim in the US, they can be locked up in a detention center for a couple of years. Those detention centers are not dissimilar to prisons.”
The risks are understood
Undocumented families in the US have always lived with the possibility of deportation, say Mr. Cohn, who has dual US-Canadian citizenship. But “post-election, they are feeling a cultural shift as people of color, with different accents, and different status. If there are an accumulation of incidents, then they make that decision to leave.”
Soriano and the Reyeses understand the risk. Giving up homes and jobs and now starting over while they live in squeezed shelters is not easy. But they say it is their best chance to have a stable life.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
“I had spent so many years in the US that I felt American,” Aaron Reyes says. “It was hard to leave. But when we reached that Canadian officer at the border, he said ‘Welcome to Canada.' I started crying,” he says.
“In all the years in America I had never heard anyone say ‘Welcome.' ”
By Marcel Cartier
The following article was written by a socialist activist living in London who participated in the Corbyn-led Labour campaign for the June 8 general election.
What a difference two years can make. I recall being at a major anti-austerity rally in the summer of 2015 in front of Parliament put together by the People's Assembly Against Austerity (a coalition of progressive organizations created to fight against social cuts initiated by the Conservative Party after their return to power in 2010 alongside the Liberal Democrats). Speaking at the rally was an MP from Islington North who represented the far left-wing of the Labour Party – some may even say ‘fringe' left – Jeremy Corbyn.
Corbyn was considered the odd one out, the MP you could rely on to come to your anti-war rally, your picket to defend the National Health Service, the demonstration for nuclear disarmament. You could rely on him to vote against his own party as he did time and time again, ruffling the feathers of the establishment on both sides of the Parliamentary aisle. Corbyn received a rapturous applause for his principled stance on behalf of the common people, as was the case for any speech he made anywhere. As the demonstration wound down, a Labour volunteer passed me a flyer for Corbyn's campaign to become the next leader of the party.
A close friend of mine looked at it and said, “it's great that he's running. Too bad he has no shot of winning, though.”
We were the early naysayers, but we fixed up quickly as his odds of winning were slashed week by week. Now, on June 9, 2017, it's the establishment of his own Party that is pleading for forgiveness and eating a slice of humble pie. It's the mainstream media that has to concede that its attempts to undermine Corbyn have been futile – they maybe even helped to fuel his anti-establishment, radical agenda since people clearly no longer trusted them to tell the truth. Not only did Corbyn win the 2015 Labour leadership contest in more than convincing fashion, he held on against the attempts by the Parliamentary Labour Party to depose him in a vote of no confidence, winning an even bigger mandate as Party leader in 2016.
When Prime Minister Theresa May called a snap election in April, the pessimists or self-immolationists in Labour said the party would be dealt its worst defeat since 1931. May believed this narrative too, entering into the election with such arrogance and conceit that she barely found it necessary to campaign, taking a condescending attitude towards voters.
Here we are today, with Labour under Corbyn – the supposedly unelectable, fringe radical stuck in the 1970s – seeing the biggest vote increase for the party since 1945, and coming within reach of becoming the next Prime Minister. How wrong everyone has been.
The Debacle of “New Labour”
It is important to frame just how significant the past two years have truly been. The Labour Party suffered a humiliating loss in the May 2015 election, in which its leader Ed Miliband was thoroughly thrashed and the Conservatives secured a majority in Parliament, prompting his resignation and paving the way for a government that could deepen the cuts started by the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition government set up in 2010. The 2015 election was marked by major indifference by most young people I spoke to. In fact, I barely paid attention to it myself, finding it all too similar to capitalist elections in the United States in which Democrats and Republicans duelled it out, but at the end of the day there was nobody to truly vote for.
Some voted strategically, choosing the ‘lesser of two evils' in Labour that had grown increasingly similar in outlook to the Tories since Tony Blair took the helm of the party in 1996, rebranding it as ‘New Labour' and moving the party further away from any pretence of socialism and toward a centrist ‘third way' (in fact, in a bitter twist of irony for Blair, he said when taking the reigns of Labour that year that ‘you really don't have to worry about Jeremy Corbyn taking over.')
New Political Forces Gain Momentum
What was most evident about the 2015 election is that progressive people didn't vote with enthusiasm, unless they cast their ballot for the Green Party that had used the crisis of neoliberalism in Labour to their advantage, becoming at that time the fastest growing Party in Britain. After all, Labour had been discredited, rinsed long ago of any semblance of the ‘democratic socialism' it claimed to represent. Trade union leaders spoke of the Greens as possibly replacing Labour as the party of the working class.
On the opposite side of the political spectrum, a xenophobic populist party billing itself the UK Independence Party that had split from the Conservatives had come out of the margins of politics and won the 2014 European election on a platform of holding a referendum to withdraw from the European Union. It seemed that the centre-left and centre-right that looked increasingly similar to one another were losing ground in the UK as everywhere – the crisis of the establishment was being manifested in people urgently looking for alternatives to address to their very own personal crises. The centre couldn't hold much longer.
Corbyn's Movement – and Revival of Socialist Politics
Nobody could honestly have predicted just two short years ago that the Corbyn phenomenon would become the new vehicle for the anti-austerity struggle and for the rejuvenation of radical politics in Britain. Corbyn himself was said to be a rather uncharismatic figure, though today I doubt seriously anyone would make the same claim. He wasn't really interested in running for the Labour leadership to begin with, and apparently only did so because the so-called ‘hard left' always put forward a candidate at times like this and now it was his turn to do so – and as is characteristic of Corbyn, he did so as his duty to the people he has been elected to represent in Parliament since 1983. Then, he won.
The next year, he won by an even bigger margin after the vote to leave the EU allegedly meant he was unsuitable to continue in his role after he backed remaining in the bloc. Still, tens of thousands of young people joined the Labour Party, creating the largest political organization in Europe backed by those drawn to the socialist program of Corbyn and his allies.
It was precisely these young people that made the difference in the general election of June 8, with a reported 62 percent of 18 to 25 year olds casting a vote. Traditional Conservative strongholds such as Canterbury – held by them since 1918 (yes, 99 years!) – swung over to Labour as a result of this surge in youth participation. Energized by Corbyn's platform that was embodied in the Labour manifesto ‘For the Many, Not the Few' that called for the abolition of university tuition fees and student debt, for major funding of the National Health Service, and for the building of one million new homes among other key points, the youth finally saw in Corbyn someone sincere, genuine and eager to listen to their hopes, dreams and desires – and not merely talk the same old political talk they had become sick of.
The Power of Being Genuine
On this point, it's worth sharing the story of the first time I had a proper conversation with Corbyn. This was in 2016, and I could sense that he was tremendously busy, running from meeting to meeting at his constituency office building he shares with organizations such as the Stop the War Coalition and Nicaragua Solidarity Campaign, among other activist groups. Yet, he always managed to say hello to you with a smile in the hallway – even if it was just brief acknowledgement that you were there. I was struck by this quite rare characteristic, all so uncommon among those who have spent their life in political office.
When I had the opportunity to properly speak with him, he wanted to know about my take on the Trump phenomenon and recalled fondly his time in the United States when he addressed the massive anti-war rallies in 2003 organized in Washington D.C. and San Francisco by the ANSWER Coalition. He remembered traveling to Nicaragua for the first time in 1985 at the height of the Contra War, and spoke of how from that point forward he could never waiver in his struggle to fight the evils of U.S. and British foreign policy across the world. The biggest takeaway from that meeting, however, is that he was genuinely interested in knowing what my views were.
This was on full display throughout the spirited and phenomenal campaign he ran. When asked on live television about what leadership means to him and what characteristics of leadership he possesses, he refused to speak about his personal attributes. He spoke of the collective, spoke of listening to the people, and spoke of never ‘being so high and mighty' to be a know-it-all.
Then he said something that resonated with people up and down the country ‘you can learn from everybody. Everybody knows something that you don't.' This is how he proved he's more than up to the task of being a people's champion, and quite possibly a people's prime minister.
Monumental tasks confronting the left
Despite the fact that Labour technically lost, they really won. More importantly, however, the notion that hard left-wing policies would be unpopular, or that you couldn't charge to victory on that basis, was thrown to the side. The naysayers in and out of the Labour Party are now mute.
Of course, the struggle for the soul of Labour is still in full swing. Corbyn's position as leader of the Party is secure, and provides a strong basis for his socialist policies to be deepened. The debates within the radical and revolutionary forces outside of the party are sure to intensify. Some rightly point out that Labour cannot be the vehicle for the revolutionary transition to socialism, and on this basis refuse to participate within the party on any level. Others make the same argument about the reformist nature of the party, yet believe that it can function as a sort of united front for the radical left to engage in.
One thing is certain at this point – Corbyn has changed the face of British politics, pushing the conversation starkly to the left and opening up major new possibilities for revolutionary struggle. His leadership and the campaign he ran threw in the dustbin of history the idea of the ‘third way'.
(Reuters) - Carbon emissions and electricity demand in Australia have risen in the two months since the government repealed a tax on emissions, bucking a nearly six-year long trend of decline, an energy consultancy said on Thursday.
Consultancy Pitt & Sherry, which tracks electricity use and emissions in Australia's National Electricity Market (NEM), said emissions would continue to grow unless new policies were introduced.
Emissions growth in the past two months was equivalent to an annual increase of 0.8 percent, Pitt & Sherry said in a report.
The rise was caused by increased electricity demand, where a drop in renewables was replaced by more generation from black and brown coal power stations, according to the report.
The upswing marked a change from a steady decline in emissions from electricity generation since they peaked in December 2008, driven by lower demand and a rising share of renewables.
Australia's conservative government in July repealed a tax that had forced around 300 of the country's biggest emitters to pay for their CO2 emissions.
Last month, a government-commissioned report recommended Australia to effectively end its Renewable Energy Target (RET), a scheme designed to ensure that 20 percent of its electricity would be generated from renewable sources by 2020.
Australia could now fail to meet its target of cutting emissions to 5 percent below 2000 levels by 2020 unless new policies are implemented, Pitt & Sherry said.
"Had electricity emissions remained at the levels of June 2014, very little further reduction would have been needed for Australia to meet its (very modest) politically bipartisan target," the report said.
"However, the change in trends ... plus the reduction in gas generation expected in the near future, would, if maintained mean that the required emissions reductions would have to be achieved from other sources and by other means."
The office of Environment Minister Greg Hunt did not respond to emailed requests for comment on the report.
The government plans to implement a new set of climate policies, built around a A$2.55 billion ($2.38 bln) fund that would pay emitters to reduce their CO2 output.
But a number of reports have concluded that the new policy would fail to meet its objectives unless much more money is invested, and it remains uncertain whether the plan would make it through Senate.
(Reporting by Stian Reklev in Beijing; Editing by Joseph Radford)
You and ask-an-MRA-anything are my two favorite things like ever! ^_^ <3
ask-an-mra-anything:
misandry-mermaid: Like I said before, we need to star together in a buddy-cop type movie but instead of cops we're a misandrist vigilante team bent on fighting misogyny and putting patriarchy in a headlock. With lots of puns. When the movie is released, don't forget to purchase the official t-shirt featuring the catchphrase we use every time we stop the one of the plots hatched by our arch nemesis, Patrick Archy “You thought you could win? That's… fedorable.”
Other classic lines include:
“Looks like we got ourselves a manwich!” (ask-an-MRA says this when we tie three criminal anti-feminists together in a squirming pile of sexism and loneliness)
“Welcome to my twisted prison cell!” (-me, throwing a wannabe edgy misogynist into jail)
“You've gotten away with your crimes for too long. It's time for you to… pony up.” (said before the final epic battle with an evil Brony we catch humping stuffed horses he stole from children)
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91
92
93
94
95
96
97
98
99
100
101
102
103
104
105
106
107
108
109
110
111
112
113
114
115
116
117
118
119
120
121
122
123
124
125
126
127
128
129
130
131
132
133
134
135
136
137
138
#include <pthread.h> #include <stdio.h> #include <stdlib.h> /* The following structure contains the necessary information to allow the function "dotprod" to access its input data and place its output into the structure. */ typedef struct { double *a; double *b; double sum; int veclen; } DOTDATA; /* Define globally accessible variables and a mutex */ #define NUMTHRDS 4 #define VECLEN 100 DOTDATA dotstr; pthread_t callThd[NUMTHRDS]; pthread_mutex_t mutexsum; /* The function dotprod is activated when the thread is created. All input to this routine is obtained from a structure of type DOTDATA and all output from this function is written into this structure. The benefit of this approach is apparent for the multi-threaded program: when a thread is created we pass a single argument to the activated function - typically this argument is a thread number. All the other information required by the function is accessed from the globally accessible structure. */ void *dotprod(void *arg) { /* Define and use local variables for convenience */ int i, start, end, len ; long offset; double mysum, *x, *y; offset = (long)arg; len = dotstr.veclen; start = offset*len; end = start + len; x = dotstr.a; y = dotstr.b; /* Perform the dot product and assign result to the appropriate variable in the structure. */ mysum = 0; for (i=start; i<end ; i++) { mysum += (x[i] * y[i]); } /* Lock a mutex prior to updating the value in the shared structure, and unlock it upon updating. */ pthread_mutex_lock (&mutexsum); dotstr.sum += mysum; pthread_mutex_unlock (&mutexsum); pthread_exit((void*) 0); } /* The main program creates threads which do all the work and then print out result upon completion. Before creating the threads, the input data is created. Since all threads update a shared structure, we need a mutex for mutual exclusion. The main thread needs to wait for all threads to complete, it waits for each one of the threads. We specify a thread attribute value that allow the main thread to join with the threads it creates. Note also that we free up handles when they are no longer needed. */ int main (int argc, char *argv[]) { long i; double *a, *b; void *status; pthread_attr_t attr; /* Assign storage and initialize values */ a = (double*) malloc (NUMTHRDS*VECLEN*sizeof(double)); b = (double*) malloc (NUMTHRDS*VECLEN*sizeof(double)); for (i=0; i<VECLEN*NUMTHRDS; i++) { a[i]=1.0; b[i]=a[i]; } dotstr.veclen = VECLEN; dotstr.a = a; dotstr.b = b; dotstr.sum=0; pthread_mutex_init(&mutexsum, NULL); /* Create threads to perform the dotproduct */ pthread_attr_init(&attr); pthread_attr_setdetachstate(&attr, PTHREAD_CREATE_JOINABLE); for(i=0; i<NUMTHRDS; i++) { /* Each thread works on a different set of data. The offset is specified by 'i'. The size of the data for each thread is indicated by VECLEN. */ pthread_create(&callThd[i], &attr, dotprod, (void *)i); } pthread_attr_destroy(&attr); /* Wait on the other threads */ for(i=0; i<NUMTHRDS; i++) { pthread_join(callThd[i], &status); } /* After joining, print out the results and cleanup */ printf ("Sum = %f
", dotstr.sum); free (a); free (b); pthread_mutex_destroy(&mutexsum); pthread_exit(NULL); } Serial version
Pthreads version
Xylitol is a sugar substitute that is safe for people but can cause low blood sugar and liver damage in dogs.
Toxic effects of xylitol in dogs can occur within 10 to 15 minutes, but may be delayed up to a few days.
If you suspect that your dog has eaten a product containing xylitol, see your veterinarian immediately.
Children should be advised to never give candy or gum to pets.
What Is Xylitol Toxicity?
Xylitol is a sugar substitute that is commonly used in sugar-free gum and candy, nicotine gum, toothpaste, baked goods, and chewable vitamins. Xylitol has been used safely in these human products for many years, but it is toxic (poisonous) when eaten by dogs. Xylitol toxicity occurs when a dog eats enough of the product to cause damaging effects in the body. Currently, xylitol is not known to be toxic in cats. Other artificial sweeteners, such as aspartame, are not known to be toxic in pets.
In dogs, xylitol stimulates the pancreas to release insulin. Insulin is a hormone that helps the body's cells take glucose (sugar) from the bloodstream and use it for cellular functioning. When cells take too much sugar from the blood (in response to increased insulin levels), the pet's blood sugar can drop dangerously low—a condition known as hypoglycemia. This effect is not seen in people who eat xylitol. Xylitol can also cause liver damage in dogs. In severe cases, liver cells can die in large numbers, and the pet may develop liver failure.
How Does Xylitol Toxicity Occur?
Many cases of xylitol toxicity in dogs are accidental. A pet may find and chew on a package of gum or candy or steal food from a countertop or table. Unfortunately, other cases of xylitol toxicity occur when dogs are given a product containing xylitol. Children should be advised to never give candy or gum to pets. If you suspect that your dog has eaten a product containing xylitol, see your veterinarian immediately.
What Are the Clinical Signs of Xylitol Toxicity?
Signs of xylitol toxicity can occur within 10 to 15 minutes of a pet eating xylitol but may be delayed for several hours. The most common side effect of xylitol toxicity is hypoglycemia. Vomiting and seizures can also occur, as well as weakness and collapse. Liver damage can occur within a few hours or may be delayed for up to 3 days. Clinical signs of liver damage can include diarrhea, spontaneous bleeding and bruising, and vomiting.
How Is Xylitol Toxicity Diagnosed?
Diagnosis of xylitol toxicity is commonly based on a history of recently eating xylitol. Your veterinarian may recommend blood testing, such as a chemistry panel and complete blood cell count (CBC), to assess the extent of the damage. If severe liver damage is suspected, additional diagnostic testing is warranted.
What Are the Treatment and Outcome for Xylitol Toxicity?
If it is recognized within a few hours that a pet has eaten xylitol, vomiting can be induced to remove the material from the stomach and limit further absorption. If the patient is very weak or minimally alert, vomiting is not recommended.
There is no specific antidote for xylitol toxicity. Treatment may include intravenous fluid therapy (with a sterile sugar solution added to correct hypoglycemia), medications to help control vomiting, and additional medications and supplements to help support liver functioning. Blood sugar levels should be monitored closely during hospitalization.
Xylitol toxicity can be fatal. However, pets can survive if the condition is recognized, diagnosed, and treated quickly. If complications are limited to hypoglycemia, the pet may recover fully. However, if severe liver damage has occurred, the outcome is less likely to be favorable.
This article has been reviewed by a Veterinarian.
U.S. Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia.
The world might never know exactly what killed U.S. Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia, who died at a luxury ranch in West Texas on Saturday. Presidio County judge Cinderela Guevara, a local justice of the peace, told the Associated Press that she declared the 79-year-old dead of “natural causes” without seeing the body herself, having “consulted with Scalia's personal physician and sheriff's investigators, who said there were no signs of foul play.”
Guevara told the Washington Post that Scalia didn't have a heart attack, as some reports had claimed. She also said that Scalia's doctor told her that the justice “suffered from a host of chronic conditions.” “He was having health issues,” she said.
Scalia's body was found by Cibolo Creek Ranch owner John Poindexter and a friend. “We discovered the judge in bed, a pillow over his head. His bed clothes were unwrinkled,” Poindexter told the San Antionio Express-News. “He was lying very restfully. It looked like he had not quite awakened from a nap.” Poindexter said Scalia, who was on the property for a hunting trip, seemed “entirely natural and normal” on the evening preceding his death.
Scalia's body is expected to be transported to Virginia on Monday. Chris Lujan, the manager of the El Paso funeral home to which Scalia's body was taken on Saturday night, told both the Post and the AP that the justice's family didn't want an autopsy performed. Have at it, conspiracy theorists.
MELBOURNE, Florida, December 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --
Fit Pay, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of NXT-ID, Inc. (NASDAQ: NXTD) and Cascade Financial Technology Corp (Cascade FinTech) today announced an agreement for the joint development of a platform that gives cryptocurrency holders the ability to use the value of their currency to make purchases at millions of retail locations worldwide. The new platform will enable devices with stored value exchanged from cryptocurrency to be used for traditional payment transactions.
"As cryptocurrencies increase in value and distribution, the need to create new methods to monetize their value and enabling models for acceptance is the critical last mile," said Michael Orlando, COO of NXT-ID and President of Fit Pay, Inc. "Our development effort with Cascade seeks to connect cryptocurrencies to the payment ecosystem as a natural extension of FitPay's platform. It will give cryptocurrency holders the opportunity to effortlessly use their value to make purchases every day, just as they would use a credit or debit card, and transform the way people pay."
Under the agreement, which is an extension of a current relationship between FitPay and Cascade, the two companies will collaborate to create a platform that seamlessly transfers cryptocurrency value into widely accepted forms of payment and stores that value on devices capable of making contactless payments. This will give cryptocurrency holders the ability to make transactions with value derived from cryptocurrency at any near field communication-enabled point of sale terminals.
"Cryptocurrencies are becoming a more common way of storing and transferring value, so there is a tremendous need to enable that value to be used to purchase goods and services," said Cascade FinTech Founder and Chief Executive Officer Spencer Schmerling. "Our collaboration with FitPay will create a platform that does just that - connecting cryptocurrency to the mainstream economy in a whole new way."
"As a security technology company, our mission to protect users, data and transmissions is very relevant to the emergence of cryptocurrencies and blockchain in general," Gino Pereira CEO of NXT-ID said. "As such, we are working on ways that we can add value to this emerging space and this partnership is the first of anticipated future offerings from the company."
FitPay and Cascade FinTech previously entered into an agreement to provide prepaid capabilities on wearable devices and Internet of Things (IoT) devices connected to the FitPay Payment PlatformTM. The prepaid, or general purpose reloadable (GPR), option gives consumers with FitPay's contactless payment-enabled devices the convenience of storing funds directly on their device. Under the previous agreement, the FitPay Platform connects to the Cascade CloudTM to enable contactless payment GPR devices in a variety of form factors.
The expansion of the agreement will seek to extend similar capabilities with value derived from cryptocurrencies. The joint development of the cryptocurrency platform by FitPay and Cascade FinTech is expected to be launched in early 2018. Once launched, the platform will create opportunities for recurring revenue from account and transaction fees.
NXT- ID, Inc. and Fit Pay, Inc.
NXT-ID, Inc. (NASDAQ: NXTD) provides a comprehensive platform of technology products and services that enable the Internet of Things (IoT). With extensive experience in access control, biometric and behavior-metric identity verification, security and privacy, encryption and data protection, payments, miniaturization and sensor technologies, NXT-ID develops and markets groundbreaking solutions for payment and IoT applications. Its industry-leading technology products and solutions include MobileBio®, a suite of biometric solutions that secure consumers' mobile platforms, the Wocket™, a next-generation smart wallet and the Flye, a digital credit card developed in collaboration with WorldVentures. NXT-ID includes three mobile and IoT-related subsidiaries: LogicMark, LLC, a manufacturer and distributor of non-monitored and monitored personal emergency response systems ("PERS") sold through dealers/distributors and the United States Department of Veterans Affairs; Fit Pay, Inc., a proprietary technology platform that delivers end-to-end solutions to device manufacturers for contactless payment capabilities, credential management, authentication and other secure services within the IoT ecosystem, and 3D-ID LLC, which is engaged in biometric identification and authentication. Learn more about NXT-ID at www.nxt-id.com . NXT-ID Inc. Corporate Contact: info@nxt-id.com. FitPay and the FitPay Payment Platform are trademarks of Fit Pay, Inc.
About Cascade Financial Technology Corp
Based in Las Vegas, Nevada, Cascade Financial Technology Corp provides a reliable and scalable platform for FinTech startups to quickly get their product or service to market. Cascade's platform features RESTful API's, full BSA/AML compliance, automated KYC, extensive fraud mitigation, and world-class USA based customer service, all of which enable our clients to create the most innovative and inclusive financial products and services that allow all people to participate in the FinTech revolution.
Forward-Looking Statements for NXT-ID This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations, as of the date of this press release, and involve certain risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include statements herein with respect to the successful execution of the Company's business strategy. The Company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Such risks and uncertainties include, among other things, our ability to establish and maintain the proprietary nature of our technology through the patent process, as well as our ability to possibly license from others patents and patent applications necessary to develop products; the availability of financing; the Company's ability to implement its long range business plan for various applications of its technology; the Company's ability to enter into agreements with any necessary marketing and/or distribution partners; the impact of competition, the obtaining and maintenance of any necessary regulatory clearances applicable to applications of the Company's technology; and management of growth and other risks and uncertainties that may be detailed from time to time in the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Media Contacts:
Chris Orlando
chris@fit-pay.com
+1-760-468-7273
D. Van Zant
press@nxt-id.com
+1-800-665-0411
SOURCE NXT-ID, Inc.
An anonymous developer does a guest editorial for Kotaku, sharing his frustration and sadness towards the gaming industry.
“Granted, feedback is warranted. If we fucked up and our game is broken, you should tell us. I don't ever want to ship a broken product. But stuff like "I hope the idiot people who made this just kill themselves after they kill their family” makes me want to quit my job and move to another industry. Seeing statements like that spread across the Internet—seeing insults hurled at hard-working developers who love the games they work on—just makes me lose hope in people. (…)
I'm relatively new to the field—I've been working in games for five years—but I have never seen this level of hatred in any other industry. Do thousands of people say they want to kill Tom Cruise if he plays a scene in a way they don't like? They might criticize it, but they don't tell him to go kill himself because they disliked what he did. Honestly, at times this hatred makes me not want to work in games anymore. (…)
So before you send death threats to people, or give out zeroes on Metacritic, or write unnecessarily mean things about games you've spent just a few hours on, remember that what you're playing is the culmination of years of someone's life. Usually it's not just one life, but tens, or hundreds, or even thousands of people who wake up every day at the crack of dawn thinking about the experiences they're going to create.“
A number of rumors about a possible return to in-home iPhone activations have begun to circulate after Apple Store employees reported seeing a new "Home" activation option during the purchasing process. The news was quickly clarified, and AppleInsider has the details of the actual home pre-qualification program that led to the home activation rumors.
The in-store activation process made our list of iPhone 3G problems in August. The device still needs to be activated in an Apple Store, and unlocked versions aren't yet available. The goods news is that the new pre-qualification may simplify the process a bit, at least for some buyers. When an iPhone purchase occurs, the device appears as full price, but is then discounted by a rebate tied to the buyer's contract. Because some buyers may not be eligible for the rebate or may have corporate plans, AT&T is offering a site that will pre-qualify those iPhone buyers.
Besides allowing users to check their rebate eligibility, the site lets people set up the upgrade and shave a few minutes off of the in-store activation process. Sure, it's not activation in the comfort of your own living room, and it appears that the functionality is limited to current AT&T customers, but now you'll have a few more minutes of free time when you go in to buy your new iPhone.
Thursday, 02 Oct, 2008 Health & Fitness
Scientists are currently testing the deadly scorpion venom, which might be an effective cure for brain cancer. The venom samples were taken from Leiurus quinquestriatus, a scorpion living in the Middle East.
In the scorpion's venom scientists found a peptide, which is non-toxic to humans. Peptide binds to a receptor that is located only on some tumor cells.
Scientists noticed that peptide attacked tumors in breast, skin and brain, leaving the healthy cells intact.
Together with his colleagues, Michael Egan, who works for TransMolecular, a company based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, has bound radioactive iodine isotopes to the peptide in order to see if it provides deadly doses of radioactivity to cancer cells.
Last year scientists injected this agent straight into the tumors of 59 patients who had inoperable brain cancer. All those people have now died but researchers noticed that patients who received a higher dose prolonged their life by three months in average.
For several weeks scientists from the University of Chicago in Illinois have been injecting TM601 into the blood of patients with different forms of malignant brain cancer. After the experiment researchers will study whether they can identify and destroy known primary and secondary tumors throughout the body.
Source: NewScientist
TARP Repayment and Legalized Counterfeiting
The news outlets that insisted Congress approve TARP or the world will end have been anxiously touting the prospect of repayments and possible profits for the taxpayers from one-time basket cases like Citigroup and AIG. It is worth noting that the question of the government showing a profit or loss on its loans to these companies has little to do with whether the bailout was a net benefit to taxpayers.
Suppose the government uncovered a counterfeiting operation. Instead of shutting it down, suppose it allowed the counterfeiters to print $1 trillion in counterfeit money and buy up the stock of legitimate companies. The counterfeiters would then give ten percent of this stock, worth $100 billion, to the government and shut down their counterfeiting operations.
By the TARP accounting logic, the taxpayers made $100 billion on this deal. In reality, the counterfeiters were allowed to lay claim to $900 billion of the country's wealth based on their counterfeit currency.
The situation with the TARP is similar. Through the TARP and the much larger Fed lending operations, the Wall Street banks were able to borrow money at far below market interest rates. This allowed them to make substantial profits at the peak of the financial crisis. They are now using the profits made with government funds to repay the government with interest. However, the shareholders, creditors, and top executives of these banks are now far richer than they would be if they had not been given access to public money at below market rates.
To imply that this situation has profited the taxpaying public as a whole because the loans have been repaid is extremely misleading, just as it would be inaccurate to imply that the country had benefited by getting a cut of the counterfeiters' profits.
Massive Blizzard Works Its Way Up The East Coast
Little Rock, Ark., awoke to 6 inches of accumulation.
Just before dawn, rain became sleet became snow outside Nashville, Tenn. Flakes began to fall in Charlotte, N.C., and the Carolina mountains.
By 8 a.m. ET, the roads in Roanoke, Va., were coated. And in the early afternoon, a wet, driving snow was falling rapidly in D.C. and West Virginia.
It was the start of an anticipated 36 hours of snow that will blanket the East Coast, burying the nation's capital and potentially hobbling travel throughout the region.
The storm was predicted to be potent and shows no sign of falling short of expectations. The Associated Press summed the situation up: "One in seven Americans will get at least half a foot of snow outside their homes when this weekend's big storm has finished delivering blizzards, gale-force winds, white-out conditions and flooding to much of the Eastern United States."
The National Weather Service is anticipating snowfall between 1 and 2 feet from eastern Kentucky to New Jersey and more than 2 feet across portions of the Mid-Atlantic, including Washington, D.C., and Baltimore. Forecasts call for 12 to 18 inches in Philadelphia and up to a foot in New York City. The National Weather Service reported late Friday that snow drifts had reached more than 5 feet in parts of West Virginia.
toggle caption NASA Goddard Rapid Response
Freezing rain has led to perilous road conditions in regions farther south.
Approximately 50 million people are in the path of the storm, the AP reports. Several states and cities have battened down ahead of the storm. State offices are closed across Tennessee, the AP reports, and that state, Delaware Georgia, Maryland, North Carolina, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Virginia and West Virginia have all declared a state of emergency.
Federal offices in D.C. sent employees home early on Friday — leading the State Department to ask for more time to release former Secretary Hillary Clinton's emails — and the city's buses and subway system are shutting down tonight, and expect to stay offline the entire weekend. Baltimore's MTA has also shut down.
Those traveling by plane might be in for a struggle, too: Some flights through Nashville, Philadelphia and Newark, N.J., have been canceled, and by late Friday FlightAware.com's "Misery Map" showed an total shutdown in Charlotte and Washington.
In the world of sports, two NBA games, an NHL game, numerous college basketball games and the NASCAR Hall of Fame induction ceremony were all postponed, the AP reports.
The storm is predicted to be a blizzard, with high winds and white-out conditions, in addition to bucketloads of snow. There's even the possibility of thundersnow. But that's not all: The storm is also expected to cause a storm surge that could lead to major coastal flooding. The storm surge could be as high as 5 feet, according to The Washington Post's Capital Weather Gang.
Multiple people already have died in car accidents on icy roads, and North Carolina's state troopers told ABC that they'd responded to more than 1,200 wrecks by the early evening. But Weather Prediction Center meteorologist Paul Kocin tells the AP that he hopes the timing of the storm — hitting over the weekend — as well as the advance warning will help minimize the number of deaths.
Hide caption Visitors walk under snowfall in front of the Lincoln Memorial on Friday in Washington, D.C. Previous Next Mandel Ngan/AFP/Getty Images
Hide caption A pedestrian waits to cross a street Friday night in Washington during what may become the biggest blizzard to ever hit the area. Previous Next Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images
Hide caption Flight attendants walk near the flight status board for arrivals and departures at Dulles International Airport in Sterling, Va., outside Washington, D.C., on Friday. Thousands of flights were canceled and supermarket shelves were left bare as millions of Americans hunkered down for a winter storm expected to dump historic amounts of snow in the Eastern United States. Previous Next Paul J. Richards/AFP/Getty Images
Hide caption Pedestrians make their way up Rhode Island Ave. on Friday evening. Previous Next Ariel Zambelich/NPR
Hide caption Two men discuss the pros and cons of various snowblowers outside a Lowe's home improvement warehouse Thursday in Langhorne, Pa. The northern Mid-Atlantic region, including Baltimore, Washington and Philadelphia, is preparing for a weekend snowstorm that is expected to reach blizzard conditions Previous Next Mel Evans/AP
Hide caption People cross a nearly empty Broadway, in the honky-tonk and entertainment district of Nashville, Tenn., on Friday. A blizzard menacing the Eastern United States started dumping snow in Virginia, Tennessee and other parts of the South on Friday as millions of people in the storm's path prepared for icy roads, possible power outages and other treacherous conditions. Previous Next Mark Humphrey/AP
Hide caption Heather is coated in snow in Washington, D.C., early in the blizzard. Previous Next Melissa Block/NPR
Hide caption Snowplows and traffic make their way north along Interstate 95 as snow begins to fall in Ashland, Va., Friday. Portions of Virginia are under a blizzard warning. Previous Next Steve Helber/AP 1 of 8 i View slideshow
Meteorologists and government officials across the East Coast are warning residents to stay home, stay warm and stay off the roads. But D.C. residents who dare step out into the post-blizzard world can enjoy one activity — legally — for the first time in decades.
Sledding down Capitol Hill had been banned for years. But in the omnibus budget deal that Congress passed last year, the legislators indicated that from now on, they're going to let it slide.
We'll keep this post updated with photos and details as the storm rolls in.
You can watch it progress on radar, thanks to our friends at WNYC:
Sioux Falls, SD – The Sioux Falls Skyforce announced today its roster for the season opener on Saturday, November 12 at home against the Salt Lake City Stars at 7:00 p.m. The Skyforce waived guards Cameron Bell, Ryan Bowie, Craig Brown, Brandan Kearney, and DeAndre Mathieu.
Following is the list of players on the opening day roster:
No. Name Pos Ht Wt DOB From Acquired 5 Keith Benson C 6-11 235 08/13/88 Oakland Returning 21 Vashil Fernandez * C 6-10 260 01/16/92 Valparaiso Affiliate 3 Stefan Jankovic * F 6-11 235 08/04/93 Hawaii Affiliate 1 Luis Montero G 6-7 190 04/06/93 Westchester CC Affiliate 2 Ike Nwamu * G 6-5 210 06/03/93 UNLV Draft 8 Bubu Palo G 6-1 181 07/09/91 Iowa State Returning 14 Marcus Posley * G 6-1 200 04/14/94 St. Bonaventure Draft 23 Jabril Trawick G 6-5 215 06/17/92 Georgetown Returning 32 Eric Weary Jr. * # G 6-5 210 10/09/93 Houston Tryout 11 Briante Weber G 6-2 165 12/29/92 VCU Returning 10 Okaro White F 6-8 215 08/13/92 Florida State Affiliate
* – Rookie
# – Inactive
The Skyforce tips off its 28th season in franchise history on Saturday, November 12 (7 PM CT) against the Salt Lake City Stars at the Sanford Pentagon. The Skyforce will honor last year's championship team with a ring and banner ceremony prior to the game. Sioux Falls will follow their home opener with another home game against the Delaware 87ers on Friday, November 18.
South Africa's lion bone trade disastrous for wild tigers
25th January, 2017
.
EIA is appalled that South Africa intends to export the skeletons of 800 African lions a year into a trade that stimulates consumer demand for the bones of more endangered big cats.
An attempt to put lions in CITES Appendix I with a zero quota on wild and captive lion bone trade failed at CITES CoP17 last October. Instead, a compromise document resulted in South Africa being allowed to continue with captive-lion bone trade.
From 2008-14, the bones of more than 4,900 African lions, from both wild and captive sources, were traded from South Africa to Laos, Vietnam, Thailand and China. This lion bone is marketed to end consumers as tiger bone and is indicative of the rapidly expanding and unchecked demand for ‘tiger bone wine'.
Legal big cat bone trade undermines enforcement and exacerbates tiger bone trade as elite consumers will continue to seek the authentic bones of wild tigers as a premium product, which in turn leads to poaching and illegal trade across Asia. Snow leopards, Asiatic lions, leopards and even jaguars are also poached for the big cat bone trade in Asia.
Some of the captive-bred lion facilities in South Africa are also farming tigers and sending body parts to Asia, completely in contravention of CITES decisions on tigers. The fact that South Africa's regulations are insufficient to prohibit this should sound alarm bells for tiger and lion conservationists alike.
Debbie Banks, team leader of EIA's Tigers Campaign, said: “There are fewer than 4,000 wild tigers remaining and all governments need to do everything they can to eliminate threats.
“We strongly urge South Africa to take into account the wider impact of the captive lion bone trade beyond its borders, issue a zero quota on lion bone exports from all sources and amend its laws to comply with CITES decisions to prevent the farming of tigers for trade in their parts and derivatives.”
What can you do?
South Africa's Environmental Affairs department is holding a public consultation on the proposed lion export quota until February 2.
EIA urges all supporters and followers to submit respectful, written comments to Mr Mpho Tjiane via mtjiane@environment.gov.za before the deadline.
You can compose your own submission or adapt the suggested text below:
Dear Mr Mpho Tjiane
I would like to express my concern at your Government's plan to export the skeletons of 800 African lions a year. I fear that not only will such sales normalise a consumer view of lions as a commodity, they will further add pressure on endangered big cats such as tigers by increasing the demand for products made from their bones.
I am sure you are aware that a major threat to the survival of tigers in the wild is the trade in their bones, and other parts and products, and that in many instances lion bone is used in place of tiger bone to produce high-end ‘wines' which are marketed to consumers as tiger bone wine. There are fewer than 4,000 wild tigers remaining in the world – a legal trade in lion bone threatens to further exacerbate the trade threat faced by the last remaining wild tigers. I appeal to you and your Government to reconsider the sales of lion bones.
Yours sincerely
[Your name here]
Thank-you for taking action.
Image caption Andrew Tabel said no milk would be wasted as it could be stored while the problem was fixed
Guernsey is importing milk from Jersey after machinery broke down at the dairy's main processing plant.
All milk is now being processed through a smaller processing plant, normally used for organic milk only.
A dairy spokesman said UHT milk was being imported from Jersey to make up the shortfall.
The dairy hopes normal production will resume by the end of the week and in the meantime supplies to those in care are being prioritised.
Andrew Tabel, general manager of Guernsey Dairy, said his team was working 24 hours a day to make sure some milk was available for health and residential care facilities.
He said the smaller unit was able to process 500 litres an hour, while the main unit could handle anything up to 9,000 litres an hour.
Mr Tabel said: "We're having difficulty with sourcing a spare part with our equipment supplier, we've been on the case and so have they since Monday morning when the problem first came to light."
He said they had enlisted the help of a local manufacturing company to rewind the 18Kw electric motor, which failed on the main plant.
Mr Tabel said no milk produced by dairy farmers would be wasted as up to 65,000 litres could be stored while the problem was solved.
A city will pay me to live there? How is that possible, you may ask. Well, it's true. There are cities in the U.S. that will actually pay you to live there. Might they always be your first choice for where you would live? Maybe, and maybe not. But getting paid to move and live in a community, if even for a short while, can be quite an adventure, save you a ton of money and might even surprise you with how much you enjoy living in that city.
READ MORE: How much house can I afford?
Here are 3 U.S. cities that will pay you just for living there:
Detroit, Michigan
Detroit, Michigan has seen its fair share of rough times over the past few decades. Abandoned neighborhoods are scattered throughout the city. While this may seem like a depressing prospect for some, it can be seen as a great challenge for others. Challenge Detroit is a program managed by the City of Detroit to encourage new career seekers and entrepreneurs to move into the city. The program pays the chosen applicants to move to the city to work with businesses and non-profits while making connections with the community. The hope is that the fresh new talent will stay within the city and help bring it back to life.
READ MORE: Are You Ready to Be an Entrepreneur?
Alaska
It's not just certain cities in Alaska that will pay you to live there, it's the whole state. The state of Alaska developed the Permanent Fund Dividend which essentially pays residents of Alaska to permanently live there. Investment earnings on Alaskan mineral royalties are paid to Alaska residents. It is an annual payment, and the state feels that it is an investment in their current population as well investing in future generations in hopes that they stay in Alaska. To be eligible for the dividend, you need to have lived in Alaska for one year, not be a convicted felon and be present in Alaska for at least 190 days in a calendar year.
RELATED: The best U.S. cities for millennials to live:
11 PHOTOS Best Cities for Millennials to live See Gallery US cities that will pay you to live there San Francisco, California (Photo: Shutterstock) Alexandria, Virginia (Photo by Jahi Chikwendiu/The Washington Post/Getty Images) Jersey City, New Jersey (Photo: Getty Images) Berkeley, California (Photo: Shutterstock) Boston, Massachusetts (Photo: Alamy) Denver, Colorado (Photo: Getty Images) Seattle, Washington (Photo: Getty Images) Madison, Wisconsin (Photo: Getty Images) New York, New York (Photo:Shutterstock) Beautiful Austin skyline reflection on Lady Bird Lake before sunrise Austin, Texas (Photo: Getty Images) Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
Chattanooga, TN
Chattanooga, Tennessee is quickly becoming a hub for young 'geeks' who are willing to relocate. The city was recently named a GigCity, which means that Chattanooga is the first city in the Western Hemisphere to have gigabit per second fiber Internet accessible to the entire city grid. With this designation, Chattanooga has created GeekMove, which is an incentive program designed to financially assist computer developers who are interested in relocating to newly revitalized communities.
READ MORE: 3 Places to Live If You're a Tech Guru (Besides Silicon Valley)
Niagara Falls, NY
Well known for its majestic waterfalls, Niagara Falls is trying to attract a younger population. Niagara's Community Development program is offering a limited number of newly graduated from college students the incentive of student loan repayment up to $7,000 with a program called Live NF. The city is aiming at developing its downtown area into a more attractive place for young transplants to live.
READ MORE: What neighborhood is right for me?
More from AOL.com:
The best cities to get out of debt
Uber is thinking of getting into the travel business
Banish these 5 toxic thoughts at work
Both sexes are only comfortable with full-body intimacy with their partners, a new study has shown.
If you feared you were irrationally uncomfortable about being touched by strangers, don't worry - you're in good company.
It turns out no one particularly enjoys anything other than shaking hands with people they don't know, or so researchers at Oxford University and Finland's Aalto University have found.
After surveying 1300 respondents in the biggest study ever conducted into physical contact, scientists created a "body map" which outlines exactly where people feel at ease being touched and by whom.
IMAGE: UNIVERSITY OF OXFORD
The graphic shows how, when torn between a handshake or a kiss on the cheek when meeting a new person, it's always best to err on the side of caution.
The data, published by PNAS (Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences in America), shows that women are generally more at ease with physical contact.
While some results are unsurprising, such as both sexes only being comfortable with full-body intimacy with their partner alone, males didn't class genital contact with female strangers as "taboo", instead plumping for "least comfortable".
They did, however, find contact from a male friend far more uncomfortable than women did.
Women found it would be taboo to be touched intimately by anyone other than their partner or mum.
Professor Robin Dunbar, who led the study, said touch was still important for establishing and maintaining bonds between people, even in a social media age.
"We know that if people don't see each other the quality of that relationship diminishes and your best friend will bump down to just an acquaintance.
"Social media does allow you to slow that decline but it doesn't stop a relationship failing. You really need to see the whites of their eyes."
The study, which included participants from the UK, Finland, France, Italy and Russia, showed "kissing a stranger on the cheek would still make a lot of people uncomfortable", Dunbar said.
"But with modern life it has become as conventional as a handshake and so no longer seems overly familiar, especially if you have been introduced by a friend."
Regardless we'll be sticking to a far-less-awkward handshake from now on - unless the handshake in question is this one:
SCARLETT JOHANSSON has been awarded legal damages by a French court following a lawsuit against an author whose promiscuous actress character was based on the star. Lawyers for the American actress maintained that the story - in which the character based on her has a series of love affairs with other celebrities - amounted to a "fraudulent use of her personal rights".
Gregoire Delacourt's novel The First Thing We Look At is a "satire on celebrity culture," the author maintains, and was not in any way intended to offend Johansson.
"It was meant as the highest praise. She is an archetypal beauty of our times, very human with a touching fragility," he said following the court date. "She is a wonderful, iconic actress. I was hoping that she might send me flowers because this book is, in a way, a declaration of love."
Advertisement
Johansson did not appreciate the sentiment, it seems, and her lawyer told the court that Delacourt's book presented her as a "sex object" and that the series of love affairs depicted in the work never took place. The two-time Vogue cover girl also sought an injunction to stop the novel being translated or adapted for cinema, but the court denied that request. The actress has not yet commented on the verdict.
"If I had known she was going to kick up such a racket, I would have picked another actress," Delacourt complained. "All these famous people live with us all the time. Celebrity culture is imposed on us by the media, the press and the internet. So her complaint is based on exactly the phenomenon I am denouncing. It's a paradox. But I suppose it's all very American."
The Pretty Reckless – ‘Who You're Selling For' [Review]
UPDATE: TMMP has been reborn! This video has the full story:
Click here to subscribe for free on YouTube!
Although it's 2016, not 1016, women in music remain a complicated subject. For some, anyway. Things are changing – slowly – and here, I'm going to talk about the third album from a band doing more than most to keep those changes coming.
The Pretty Reckless are currently sitting on their fourth rock-radio-topping single in Take Me Down, the first cut from Who You're Selling For to see the light of day. Fronted as they are by the undeniably badass Taylor Momsen, that makes The Pretty Reckless notable as the first female-fronted rock act to embark on such a streak since The Pretenders.
In 1984.
Achieving genuine gender equality is impossible unless we treat all people equally people rather than assigning one set of standards for men and another for women. So as quickly as possible, I'm going to get to the bit where I review Who You're Selling For as “an album by a highly successful rock band” rather than “an album by a highly successful female-fronted rock band”. But first, a quick side rant inspired by (what else?) a common theme adopted by YouTube commenters over the years The Pretty Reckless have been active.
Listen to The Pretty Reckless's previous work for more than a fraction of a second, and you'll pick up on a near-constant sexual undercurrent. It's not just there because Taylor Momsen happens to be female – it's there because historically, she's actively played up to her status as a rock and roll sex symbol. Cue many derisive comments about The Pretty Reckless being “all marketing,” suckering gullible drooling men into parting with portions of their hard-earned paychecks.
To be fair, in The Pretty Reckless's early days, those critics had a point – not because of anything gender-related, but simply because six years ago, The Pretty Reckless just weren't that good. Make Me Wanna Die was a solid rock song, but 2014's Going To Hell was a massive step up in every respect. Listening back to it now, Going To Hell stands the test of time – and anyone huffing and puffing at the forthright sexuality on display there should go back and listen to any Led Zeppelin album, where you'll find Robert Plant basically singing not from his throat or chest but from his Golden Godly erection, calling forth one of the most potent and rightfully respected voices in the history of rock ‘n' roll in the process.
Today, the list of facts, figures, and achievements speak for themselves. The Pretty Reckless now exist on another level. It's time to afford them the respect they not only deserve, but have earned through years of bloody-minded hard work.
So that's the gender stuff out of the way. Let's move on. What about Who You're Selling For?
What about the music?
It won't surprise you to hear that Who You're Selling For is first and foremost a Rock Album, full of Rock Songs. That's pretty obvious. But rock is a gigantic genre in its own right – and The Pretty Reckless have so far explored only a small portion of it.
On Who You're Selling For, things change completely – while still remaining firmly rooted in rock. This is the album on which The Pretty Reckless wear their influences on their sleeves. All told, Who You're Selling For proves that these guys can no longer be considered a marketing-driven gimmick band who got famous (to quote one wannabe YouTube comedian) “because boobs”.
Let's run through it all. The Walls Are Closing In (Hangman) kicks things off with a piano-driven intro, seriously raw guitar, deep-grooving drums, and an immense, spiralling breakdown. This opener immediately got my attention – as does all music that focusses primarily on primal rhythmic power. Oh My God turns up the intensity, fuelled by the spirit of Lemmy Kilmister as Motörhead's influence looms large before one grungy chorus hook and even shades of Metallica's bluesy period at one point.
Oh My God's lyrics sum up Who You're Selling For's core theme: the unrelenting pressure to perform at a world-class level while the world's bastards do their best to grind you down. Make no mistake – The Pretty Reckless have something to prove on Who You're Selling For. So…how do they do?
Let's continue.
Take Me Down follows Oh My God's self-effacing lyrics with some super-confident strutting, introducing a taste of The Rolling Stones' Sympathy For The Devil without collapsing into Copycat Land. Prisoner is a cool, but somewhat unremarkable blues stomper. Wild City swings to the other extreme, a personal highlight made up of wah-ridden cop show funk, twisted urban rock, and a shreddy wah solo, striking a perfect balance between fun music and darker lyrical themes. Back To The River keeps The Pretty Reckless going strong, a roots rock showcase with more shades of The Stones; Who You're Selling For sounds like The Smashing Pumpkins, tense and grittily epic; and Bedroom Window sees Taylor Momsen and Ben Phillips tackle a live and intimate acoustic-and-vocal track with a beautiful Beatles vibe.
By this point, everything The Pretty Reckless have set out to prove is all but proven.
Still to come: Living In The Storm, an unfortunate on-record weak spot with massive live potential drained here by a hollow-feeling mix; a pair of songs practically custom-made for Tarantino soundtracks in Already Dead and The Devil's Back and…hold on. Let's rewind quickly to that last one, because it deserves a special mention.
The Devil's Back starts out in the form of a pulsing alt-rock track with, again, Tarantino soundtrack potential. That's normally enough to win me over on its own. But cue one tangential turn into Pink Floyd territory with an epic-length solo that pulls The Devil's Back past the seven-minute mark and…yes. Just yes. Ben Phillips absolutely nails it there. Another easy highlight.
The Pretty Reckless go prog. I honestly didn't see that coming – but now that I've heard it, I'm stunned. It's fucking great.
Where to go from there? Well, this is rock ‘n' roll, and rebelling against all expectations is what it's all about. So to close things off, we have Mad Love, a dirty funk/disco excursion that will get your hips grinding uncontrollably wherever you are.
Best not to listen to that one while queueing for a job interview, then.
With Mad Love over, Who You're Selling For gives way to silence. At this point, there's only one thing left to say.
This is The Pretty Reckless's best album.
TMMP RATING: 92% (Essential Listening!)
What do you think of The Pretty Reckless and Who are You Selling For? Subscribe for free to my YouTube channel, leave a comment, and let me know!
You can also find me on Twitter by clicking here.
See you in the next video!
Advertisement
Standing isolated surrounded by the vast, golden north Saudi Arabian desert is a bizarre single rock castle, which has been lying undisturbed for centuries.
Qasr al-Farid or 'The Lonely Castle' has a sad tale, standing incomplete and abandoned, looking out of place in the vast, barren landscape.
Believed to be constructed in the first century A.D. and situated on one of the most important ancient trade routes, linking the north and south of the Arabian peninsula, the mysterious monument was never finished.
Scroll down for video
Now a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the ancient remains of Qasr al-Farid - a rock-cut tomb and part of an ancient Nabatean settlement - stands amidst imposing cliffs and striking rocky outcrop
The Nabatean Tomb in Madain Saleh is located in the northwestern region of the Arabian peninsula, in the middle of a vast desert landscape
Size matters! The striking structure is the largest of the 131 tombs in the area, hinting it was intended for someone of great power
Despite its misleading name, the fascinating four-storey monument was actually used as a tomb. It's intricate carving borrows decorative elements from Egyptian, Hellenistic, and Assyrian architecture.
The tomb is the largest of 131 monumental tombs, which were carved straight into rock in the city of Mada'in Saleh during the pinnacle of Nabatean era. And it is famous for standing completely alone.
Size would have been indicative of the person's social status and wealth, hinting it was intended for someone of power.
It is remarkable how The Lonely Castle has remained so preserved against the elements for over 1,900 years and this can be attributed to the dry climate.
Situated on a pre-Islamic archaeological site located in Al-Ula, is located on one of the major trading sites, which linked the south of the Arabian peninsula to the north.
Unesco declared the magnificent historic collection Saudi Arabia's first World Heritage site in 2008.
Nabataeans constructed their massive stone buildings mainly from single pieces of sandstone, and carved from the top down
If the smooth stone reminds you of the iconic carved site of Petra in Jordan, it should come as no surprise to learn they are linked.
Petra was the capital of the Nabataean kingdom and features a 250-foot-high sandstone slot canyon known as the Siq.
Until 1812, the site was unknown to the western world until it was introduced by explorer Johann Ludwig Burckhardt.
While Petra was the capital of the Nabatean kingdom, Mada'in Saleh was its second city, explaining why the unusual carved rock architecture is so similar.
Petra in Jordan was the capital of the Nabatean Kingdom. It displays similar architecture design to Qasr al-Farid, being carved out of a single stone body. It is sometimes known as the Rose City due to the color of the stone
Georgian military commanders confirmed an invasion began in the early hours of Friday morning, raising fears of a serious diplomatic crisis between the country's western allies and Moscow.
The United States swiftly called for calm, but appeared to apportion more blame on Moscow and the separatist forces it supports for taking the volatile region to the brink of war.
"We're urging Moscow to press South Ossetia's de facto leaders to stop firing," a US State department official said. "We're urging Tbilisi to maintain restraint."
Just hours after Mikheil Saaskashvili, Georgia's pro-western president, declared a unilateral ceasefire, his armed forces began an artillery barrage against Tskhinvali, the rebel capital.
Military commanders indicated that a full-scale invasion was underway and would not stop until Georgia had regained control of the self-proclaimed republic, which attempted to secede in a bloody war that ended, unresolved in 1994.
"Despite our call for peace and a unilateral ceasefire, separatists continued the shelling of Georgian villages," Mamuka Kurashvili, a senior Georgian commander, said. "We are forced to restore constitutional order in the whole region." A rapid deterioration in the separatist crisis began over the weekend when at least six people were killed in a shoot-out after an improvised explosive device detonated as a Georgian military convoy drove past.
But tensions had been mounting in South Ossetia and Abkhazia, another rebel province, ever since Nato promised Georgia that it would one day be allowed to join the alliance. Incensed by the idea of Nato expanding within the former Soviet Union, Russia stepped up its support for both regions.
The United States condemned Russia's interference in the region as provocative, while the European Union has repeated its commitment to the inviolability of Georgia's territorial integrity.
Relations between Russia and Georgia have been sour ever since Mr Saakashvili was swept to power in 2003 after the Rose Revolution and pursued a determined policy to break free from Moscow's influence.
Fighting worsened yesterday morning when shelling was reported in South Ossetia's ramshackle capital of Tskhinvali, while artillery rounds were fired between loyalist and pro-rebel villages in the province. The rebels succeeded in destroying at least one Georgian armoured personnel carrier.
At least one Georgian soldier was killed and four wounded in what Tbilisi described as "large-scale battles". Two rebels were also said to have been killed.
"The fighting is more serious than we've seen for some time," one senior diplomat said. "How serious it's going to get is unclear. While there are hundreds of breaches of the ceasefire every year, what's happened over the past few days is of a completely different order.
"The big question is what the Russians are doing." Georgia repeated accusations yesterday that Russia was continuing to arm and finance the rebels. "The military assistance rendered to the separatists' criminal regime by the Russian Federation, in violation of all agreements, cannot be assessed in any other way than as another act of aggression against Georgia," the Georgian foreign ministry said.
Russia, however, blamed Georgia for the escalation in violence and accused Tbilisi of building up troops along the South Ossetian boundary line.
"We urge the Georgian leadership to show common sense and stop irresponsible military activities in South Ossetia," Grigory Krasin, Russia's deputy foreign minister said. "We view the situation as extremely dangerous. It has indeed reached a stage of unprecedented drama."
Self-styled Reverend Howard Curtis is charged with a number of sex offences over spankings he handed out at the church he 'ran like a cult'
A evangelical pastor administered 'spiritual discipline' by spanking female members of his congregation's bare bottoms with his hand, a court has heard.
Self-styled Reverend Howard Curtis, 73, is accused of dishing out the spankings at his Coulsdon Christian Fellowship for his own 'sexual satisfaction.
Prosecutor Toby Fitzgerald told Croydon Crown Court that father-of-three Curtis, of Wallington, south London, ran the church as a cult.
He ordered one woman to strip naked before putting her over his knee and slapping her until she collapsed on the floor.
Mr Fitzgerald said: 'She trusted him completely as a man of God.
'She pulled down her trousers and underwear and lay across his lap. He hit her hard about twelve times until she ended up on the floor.
'She'd become, in effect, a rag doll in the defendant's hands.'
Curtis also took naked pictures of her on his mobile phone and fondled the woman between her legs, the jury were told.
When arrested he did not deny the spankings but insisted they were consensual, the court heard.
The court heard that another woman was told it was 'God's will' she is punished and agreed to his form of discipline.
Mr Fitzgerald said: 'She leaned over a bannister in a hallway and took her trousers and knickers down so he could spank her bare bottom.
'She was told it was important not to tell him when to stop, he would decide when it was time to stop and he continued to beat her forcefully.
'There were twenty to thirty strikes with his bare hand and she felt it was going on forever and was crying. She was black and blue and told all these actions were in God's name.'
Curtis has pleaded not guilty to two sample counts of sexually assaulting the first victim between January 2009 and July 2013.
He also denies two counts of sexual assault against the second woman woman between January 2007 and December 2009.
He also denies one count of child cruelty between March 2007 and February 2008 in relation to the second woman's nine year-old daughter.
Curtis, who denies the charges, ran the Coulsdon Christian Fellowship from this building in south London
She was put over his knee and beaten 'very hard' until she started crying, the court was told.
He also denies two counts of child cruelty in relation to a young boy, aged approximately eight years-old who is said to have spanked up to five times.
Curtis has also pleaded not guilty to causing actual bodily harm to a thirteen year-old girl who he allegedly spanked a dozen times with a slipper for disobedience between January 1969 and January 1971.
Curtis was ordained in 1988 under the umbrella of the Elim Pentecostal church.
'He presented himself as an inspirational man of God,' said Mr Fitzgerald. 'The Crown say the church was run for this defendant and he cloaked himself in the trappings of a religious leader.
'In reality he was nothing of the sort. He deceived his congregation, including children.
'He said he was going to cast out evil spirits from people and that discipline had to be administered by striking bare flesh with the bare hand.'
The trial, which is expected to last four weeks, continues.
The tale of the late-night Wheel of Time pilot that aired in a paid infomercial slot on FXX has taken another odd turn. Producers Red Eagle Entertainment LLC and Manetheren LLC have filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for central California against Harriet McDougal (widow of James Rigney, who wrote the Wheel of Time novels under the pen name Robert Jordan), her company, Bandersnatch Group Inc., and twenty unnamed other persons ("Does 1-20"). The suit alleges that McDougal's statements about her lack of involvement in the pilot's production constitute breach of contract, slander, and interference with contractual relations and prospective economic relations; the suit demands declaratory relief and a jury trial.
With the pilot coming essentially out of nowhere and airing with no fanfare, very few fans of the series were even aware of its existence until after the fact; it was clear that the production was accomplished in very little time and on a minimal budget. The resulting effort (titled "Winter Dragon") did not resemble the series prologue very closely, and it quickly drew strong rebuke from McDougal, who claimed the pilot was made "without my knowledge or cooperation," and that no one from Robert Jordan's estate has been involved in any way with it. McDougal claims that Universal currently holds the rights to the Wheel of Time TV series, not Red Eagle Entertainment, and that the pilot made no mention of Universal or her own company, the Bandersnatch Group.
That statement was apparently interpreted by Red Eagle Entertainment LLC—the corporate entity that produced the pilot and also claims to hold the television rights to The Wheel of Time—as fighting words.
The Hollywood Reporter has taken a stab at unwinding exactly what's going on here, since Red Eagle/Manetheran's suit seems to tell a different version of events from McDougal's. Briefly, the suit says that Manetheran (owned by Red Eagle) acquired the film and TV rights to The Wheel of Time in 2004 from James Rigney himself, and paid more than $600,000 to keep the rights through this past Wednesday, February 11. Manetheran had also entered into a deal with Universal Pictures to produce some kind of Wheel of Time movie or series, but that deal is said to have expired in 2014. A subsequent production deal between Manetheran and Sony appears to have fallen through.
The suit contradicts McDougal's statement of non-involvement, saying that she had been informed by Red Eagle about the Universal deal's expiration, and that further she had traveled from Charleston to Los Angeles (on Sony's dime) to discuss the possibility of working with Sony. The suit says that McDougal was fully aware of Red Eagle and Manetheran's control of the rights and of the February 11 expiration date.
All together, the suit claims that McDougal's statement itself is defamatory and harms Manetheran and Red Eagle's ability to do further business; that McDougal breached a nondisparagement agreement by making the statement; and that McDougal and the Bandersnatch Group are intentionally interfering with Manetheran and Red Eagle's contractual and potential economic relationships. The suit states that Manetheran and Red Eagle are seeking compensatory damages, exemplary damages (that is, damages intended to set an example and deter others from engaging in the same kind of activity), and also immediate declaratory relief from the court (which would mean a judgment by the court settling the issue of who specifically has the series television rights).
The fulfiling can be downloaded and read here.
After years of speculation, Ben Affleck has finally confirmed that he is indeed retiring his cape and handing the role of Batman off to yet another actor. Just who that actor will be is the real question. Both fans and Hollywood insiders have spent months theorizing about who could play the Caped Crusader next. While Armie Hammer and Jon Hamm seem to be the frontrunners, the buzz—and list of actors being considered for the role—will only grow until Warner Bros. and The Batman director Matt Reeves officially announce their new leading man. Which gives '90s sitcom star Joey Lawrence plenty of time to try to convince the powers that be that he is Batman. Whoa!
While you probably know Joey Lawrence for his parts in sitcoms like Melissa & Joey, Blossom, and Brotherly Love—not to mention his one-time musical career, or his awesomely '90s catchphrase "Whoa!"—he's clearly been pining for the perfect dark and brooding role to come along. The 42-year-old has taken to Instagram to fervently profess his desire to become The Dark Knight.
Lawrence's grassroots campaign to be cast as the next Batman began in earnest back in January, when he told his (181,000) followers, “I want this part! Let's do this!! Been dreaming of saving #Gotham far back as my memory goes!” He implored his fans to help make this casting dream come true by letting Warner Bros. and DC Comics know that they, too, want Blossom's dumb brother to land this role!
After Affleck officially announced his retirement from the DC Universe, Lawrence reminded his fans of his lifelong superhero dreams—then offered up that casting him would essentially be the same as casting Chris Pratt in Guardians of the Galaxy.
When Affleck admitted that part of his reason for departing the DC Universe was that he "couldn't crack" the role of Batman, Lawrence swore that wouldn't be a problem for him.
Lawrence's most recent Batman-centric posts shows a side-by-side photo of him and Gotham's Dark Knight, plus an announcement that a petition to get him the part has in fact been started.
The petition, which has a goal of 1000 signatures, had 770 at press time. While we're not sure having 1000 people in your corner is the way to convince a major studio that you can front a multi-billion-dollar franchise and play a role that has previously been filled by a bunch of Oscar winners, it's better than nothing, right?
With The Batman slated for a 2021 theatrical release, Warner Bros. has either found their new Batman and just hasn't announced it yet, has narrowed it down to just a couple of key names, or they're currently searching Change.org for possible actors to fill the role.
Just when you think Donald Trump can't out-Trump Trump, he goes and does this.
The Republican presidential nominee has definitely made some hefty promises this election, but somehow, the one he made yesterday might just take the cake. Doubling down on the self-aggrandizing claims he's made during the campaign, he went and announced at a press conference that he is far and away the only candidate who can stop the vines that constantly strangle him in his own reflection.
Advertisement
Looks like this self-proclaimed “government outsider” thinks he can take on the endless landscape of darkness that shrouds his body in mirrors all by himself. Typical Trump.
While unleashing a series of attacks against democrats yesterday, Donald Trump boldly stated that he was the only person who could defeat the thick, dark vines that slowly wrap around his reflection's neck anytime he looks at a mirror, rain puddle, or any polished surface. In classic Trump fashion, the candidate took broad swipes at everyone from the Clintons to President Obama, and went so far as to say that no one else in the world was prepared to step up and rid his mirror of vines when they routinely slither up his reflection's legs toward his head until they engulf his entire, paralyzed body, slowly constricting around it until he is fully unable to breathe.
Of course Trump hasn't exactly elaborated what his plan of attack would be against the snakelike tendrils that strangle his reflection, but it's clear that no matter what anyone says, he will, under no circumstances, ever back down. Just check out this series of tweets he wrote yesterday:
Advertisement
Things only went downhill from there, because Trump went onto say that, if elected, he would personally go inside his mirror and chop up every single obsidian vine that has emerged from the ground, constricted itself around his reflection, and dragged its lifeless remains deep into the sulphuric ash of the false world. Not only that, but he said that Democrats as well as mainstream Republicans were cowards for not mentioning the vines, even after he'd witnessed this smothering happen to his reflection millions of times, which includes several occasions when he caught his reflection in the eyes of his son Barron.
Advertisement
You'd think at this point in his campaign he'd know better than to spout rhetoric like this.
If it wasn't clear before, now it's official: Trump is the absolute king of false promises, and he's not going to stop making them anytime soon. Literally anyone can step up to a podium and say they'll defeat the vines that strangle their mirror image, but few can actually do it. Needless to say, November can't come soon enough.
Make an Annual Fund Gift
Your support of the Newberry Library helps us continue to remain free and accessible to all who have an interest in the humanities. Annual Fund donors of $50 or more become members of the Newberry Associates or President's Fellows in recognition of their support. Members who are 45 or younger can sign up for a Next Chapter membership for $50, which includes all the benefits of an Authors level membership plus free or discounted tickets for special Next Chapter events.
Make a one-time or monthly Annual Fund gift below. Select "Recurring gift" if you wish to make a monthly donation. Remember if you select the monthly donation option, the amount you select will be charged each month to your credit card. The minimum monthly contribution is $5 per month.
For more information about online giving, view the Online Giving Frequently Asked Questions. If you have any questions, contact Luke Herman, Annual Giving Manager, at (312) 255-3616 or hermanl@newberry.org.
Membership Levels
Bibliophiles - $50 to $99
Next Chapter - $50 (age 45 and under)
Authors - $100 to $249
Literati - $250 to $499
Humanists - $500 to $999
Scholars - $1,000 to $1,499
President's Fellows - $1,500 or more
For residents of New York: You may obtain a copy of the last financial report filed by the Newberry with the Attorney General of New York. Contact the Newberry at (312) 255-3581 or the Attorney General's office at The Capitol, Albany, NY 12224.
It was really just a matter of time. The deep well of affection and respect around the world that Canada has drawn on for decades has been slowly poisoned by the Harper government (and the Liberals immediately before it) and the world is now taking serious notice. In the words of the famous Yes Men (who pulled off the brilliant hoax in Copenhagen): "We've always kind of grown up looking to Canada... We've always thought that Canadians were such nice people and had much better policies than we did -- national health care and all that. And this is just a real disappointment for us, energy policy and learning that Canadians' carbon footprint per capita is higher than us." The Copenhagen conference may just be the final burden that brings us to critical mass, that qualitative leap where Canada is suddenly seen as a mean-spirited, disingenuous, and reactionary force in the family of nations.
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
Here are some of the most important image-busters in Canada's foreign policy bag of nasty tricks.
Climate change. This is obviously the biggie. More than any other issue, it is truly global and the Harper government's staggering arrogance makes Canada a rogue nation. No other country is so contemptuous of the interests of the planet. Not only does Stephen Harper think he is smarter than anyone in Canada, he thinks he is smarter than anyone, period. Harper's message: the rest of you are a pack of idiots. As a result, even the U.S. Energy Secretary Steven Chu refused to agree to a photo op with Environment Minister Jim Prentice.
Asbestos. It is the deadliest workplace substance in history, killing more workers in Canada than any other cause. And the deaths are increasing every year. Stephen Harper has explicitly declared himself the champion of Quebec asbestos and has dedicated himself to ensuring that asbestos is not declared a dangerous substance under the Rotterdam Convention. Thousands of workers in developing countries will die as a result. Canada challenged France's ban on asbestos through the WTO and lost, making the French environmental law one of the few to survive such a challenge and reinforcing the science declaring asbestos a class one carcinogen.
Terminator seeds. Terminator technology refers to seed genetically modified to produce sterile seeds that cannot be planted, forcing peasants around the world to purchase seeds every season. Globally, farmers would lose hundreds of millions of dollars in income. At the last meeting of the UN Convention on Biological Diversity in Curitiba, Brazil, Canada joined Australia and New Zealand in trying to undermine the protocol, calling for a "case by case risk assessment" of terminator seeds, with the intention of allowing the technology to be approved through existing legislation for genetically modified crops. Canada and its partners failed in their efforts but not for lack of trying. Not a single company in Canada has expressed an interest in pursuing this technology -- so Mr. Harper casually trashed Canada's reputation for purely ideological reasons.
GMO food. Canada is on the front line of forcing people around the world to eat genetically modified food. It is using a big stick against Europeans. A November 2006 World Trade Organization ruling found in favour of a complaint brought by the U.S., Canada and Argentina that the EU had violated WTO rules through "undue delays" in approving genetically modified organisms. This in spite of the fact that Europeans' rejection of such foods has been growing over the 15 years that polls have been conducted. Even previously supportive leaders like President Sarkozy of France and the EU's environment commissioner have changed their mind citing new science.
The Afghan occupation and renewed militarism. While Canada is not alone in the endless and brutal occupation of Afghanistan, it is seen around the world as one of the most aggressive supporters of U.S. policy in that country and the region. Canada's long reputation as an "honest broker" in global geo-politics, while never entirely accurate, has been severely damaged. We are now seen not as a peacekeeper or peacemaker but as a killer of "scumbags" and a warrior state fighting the absurd American "war on terror." While there are more peacekeepers active in the world than ever before, we have a government that ridicules the very thing that gave Canada its humanitarian reputation.
Israel. Related to the Afghan conflict, but also distinct from it, is Canada's policy of providing Israel with a complete carte blanche to do literally anything it wants, including committing war crimes against the people of Gaza. When Hamas was elected as the government of Gaza, Canada was the first to indicate it would not recognize it -- a travesty of our alleged support for democracy. The invasion of Lebanon, over the kidnapping of two Israeli soldiers, witnessed the deliberate and massive destruction of infrastructure and attacks on civilian targets -- a strategy intended to turn Lebanese civilians against Hezbollah. The ferocious bombing assault against a defenceless nation was described by Prime Minister Harper as a "measured response."
The betrayal of Africa. After decades of Canadian government commitment to African aid, the Harper government, virtually overnight and without even a pretense of an explanation, simply wrote Africa out of the picture. Dropped from the list of recipient countries were eight African nations, including Rwanda, still recovering from genocide. While conventional wisdom suggests that African aid has been ineffective, it was generally not true of Canadian programs, which really worked at helping lift people out of disease and poverty.
The Harper government has reconfigured aid to match Canada's "interests" -- a quintessentially American approach -- and has shifted aid to Latin America (Peru and Columbia, already the recipient of billions in aid from the U.S.) and the Caribbean.
Latin America. Just as many of the countries of Latin America are struggling successfully to overcome the dark period of neo-liberalism and IMF/World Bank restrictions on their national policies, Stephen Harper has expressed a "renewed" interest in the region. The problem is that renewed interest is as a junior partner in American "manifest destiny."
With the U.S. busy in Iraq and Afghanistan, Canada is offering a helping hand in re-establishing American and corporate dominance in the region. Hostile to Cuba and Venezuela, and friendly to the right-wing regime in Columbia, the Canadian government has also gone along with the U.S. as the only other member of the OAS to recognize the fraudulently elected government of Honduras despite that country's military coup, widespread human rights violations, media closures and its refusal to implement an agreement to reinstate (even briefly) the legitimate government of Manuel Zelaya. Thus Canada eagerly aligns itself against Latin American nationalism, the most powerful force on the continent, as its first real engagement in the region.
China and human rights. As a sop to his large anti-abortion constituency, Harper not only ignored China for the first four years of his government but openly snubbed the fastest growing world power. To suggest that this was because Harper objected to China's human rights record is laughable. If so, it was the most ineffective intervention ever made. While unstated, Harper was in reality giving a sign to his anti-abortion supporters that he would not cozy up to a country that performs more abortions than the rest of the world combined. His phony concern about human rights in China just underlines his embarrassing absence on the issue literally everywhere else: Gaza, Lebanon, Burma, Honduras, Afghan detainees, the Sudan, etc.
There is hardly a region in the world where Canada has not exchanged its previous moderate, middle power role for one of aggressive, "interests-based" policies, joined at the hip with the terminally unpopular U.S. One way or the other the Harper regime, in just four short years, has damaged Canada's relationships with the EU, the Muslim world, the Middle East, Africa, Latin America and China.
Canada's ugly new face
It is difficult to assess the international impact of each of these examples. Canada rarely gets covered in the news and most people in Europe or other countries, developed and developing, may know little about these issues. But eventually foreign policy reaches down to ordinary people around the world -- those moved by Israel's occupation of the West Bank, those who want safe food for their kids, those aware of the appalling working conditions of workers in developing nations like India, the millions who are opposed to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the hundreds of millions watching the climate change conference in Copenhagen.
We have been able for a long time to rest on our laurels because these issues don't often overlap for most people. But eventually it starts to break through the long-standing positive image of Canada. And it breaks through with precisely the people who play a major role in determining the political culture and government policies of their respective countries. These are the people who are the most engaged in their democracies, who influence their governments, who engage with civil society organizations and the media.
In short, the people who know are those who are in positions to spread the word about a new global phenomenon: the ugly Canadian.
Yeah, when you write in to us and you OPEN with telling us how stupid we are, or how wrong we are, or how fat is going to kill us, or whatever bigoted thing it is, we don't bother to read the rest of your message. We block you and delete it, and if you're logged into a Tumblr, we report you for harassment. You aren't saying anything we haven't heard. You aren't even wounding us with your no-doubt razor-sharp wit. We don't read your bullshit.
I mention this only because I've deleted ten or so troll messages in the last few hours, and thought I'd tell the next ten or so not to bother writing more than eight words, since that's about as much as we read to ascertain that it's pointless.
-MG
CBS News Poll analysis by the CBS News Polling Unit: Sarah Dutton, Jennifer De Pinto, Fred Backus and Anthony Salvanto.
Americans have differing views on two potentially inconvenient and invasive practices that airports could implement to uncover potential terrorist attacks, a new CBS News poll shows. Americans overwhelmingly approve of the use of full-body digital x-ray machines - a new technology in use at some airports in the U.S. Most, meanwhile, do not approve of racial or ethnic profiling - a practice not in place.
In response to continued security threats, the Transportation and Security Administration recently began introducing full body scanners with more enhanced technology than past devices into airports nationwide. If a passenger refuses to pass through the new scanners, TSA agents are now allowed to conduct a very detailed, very personal, body search on that person.
Although some civil rights groups allege that they represent an unconstitutional invasion of privacy, Americans overwhelmingly agree that airports should use the digital x-ray machines to electronically screen passengers in airport security lines, according to the new poll. Eighty-one percent think airports should use these new machines -- including a majority of both men and women, Americans of all age groups, and Democrats, Republicans, and independents alike. Fifteen percent said airports should not use them.
In an op-ed for USA Today, Homeland Security chief Janet Napolitano today urged Americans to be patient in the face of the heightened airplane security measures.
"Al-Qaeda and those inspired by its ideology are determined to strike our global aviation system and are constantly adapting their tactics for doing so," she wrote. "Our best defense against such threats remains a risk-based, layered security approach that utilizes a range of measures, both seen and unseen, including law enforcement, advanced technology, intelligence, watch-list checks and international collaboration."
Health Blog: Should John Tyner Should Worry about More Than His Junk?
New Airport Security to Slow Down Holiday Travel
While the TSA has implemented new security measures, it does not single out individuals based on their ethnic or racial backgrounds. (It has since 2003 conducted behavioral profiling.)
Most Americans do not think it would be justified for people of certain racial or ethnic groups to be subject to additional security checks at airport checkpoints. Fifty-two percent say no, while 37 percent say it would be justified.
Feelings on this may be sensitive to news about terror threats. Back in January 2010 -- after a failed Christmas Day attempt by a Nigerian citizen to detonate explosives hidden in his underwear on a flight to Detroit - a slight majority of Americans thought ethnic profiling was justified. In 2006, shortly after British authorities unveiled a potential terror plot using liquid explosives, 49 percent of Americans supported ethnic profiling at airports.
Some groups of Americans see this issue differently. Republicans are divided on this issue, while Americans over 65 and those who think a terrorist attack within the next few months is very likely are more apt to think ethnic and racial profiling is justified than not.
Read the Complete Poll
Who We Are & What We're Doing
Founded in 2009, Chattanooga Aerials has been operating under the direction and leadership of Jen Keehn since 2013. In that time, the studio has run as a successful business and provided a creative home for dozens of aerial students—and continued to do so until August of 2016, when our facility on Lee Highway was unexpectedly sold. We've been using the time since to not only consider the future of Chattanooga Aerials, but also find a way to better tap into Chattanooga's growing circus culture. There is so much crossover between aerial dance and other circus arts that it truly is the perfect opportunity to bring all of these different disciplines into one shared space.
Chattanooga Aerials | Mainx24
How Your Contribution Will Be Used
For the last few months we've been trying to find a building in Chattanooga capable of accommodating the unique requirements of aerial dance and other circus arts. We've found one near Chattanooga's Southside and are currently under contract, but need your help to get to the finish line! Once we close and are inside the new space, we will need to shift our big-box warehouse into a professional performance and training facility, which involves:
Installing proper flooring
Amending the ceiling height
Building a circus-style truss system
Purchasing additional aerial and circus equipment
And other renovations required to create a safe place for the creative exploration that Chattanooga's Circus community is in great need of!
Acro | Nick & Lydia
What Happens Next
Once we are up and running, we will offer a robust schedule of aerial classes and pick up right where we left off with our current students, AND the many new ones we hope to acquire through this Kickstarter and our newly found freedom of space and time! We will also finally have a facility that can accommodate all of the many other circus arts and artists of Chattanooga (plus any traveling circus lovers) and the workshops, classes, and performances that they have to offer. We intend for all of this overlap to inspire more creative collaboration than ever before!
Initially Offered Skills
Aerial Arts - including (but not limited to) trapeze, straight silks, slings, hammocks, lyra, plus other specialty equipment to come!
Acrobatic Arts - including (but not limited to) acrobalance, acroyoga, handstands, hand balancing, high acrobatics, and dynamic stunts.
Object Manipulation - including (but not limited to) juggling, staff, poi, flagging, hooping, fans, and just about anything else we can get our hands on!
on! Pole Arts - including (but not limited to) aerial pole, pole silks, Chinese pole, pole fitness, spinning pole, and many other styles of pole dance arts!
Party Girls | Tamika Tuggle
Teaming UP!
In addition to circus-style pole arts, we are super excited to be teaming up with Party Girls Dance & Fitness Studio, the only locally-owned and operated pole dancing studio in Chattanooga. They will share our new facility with us, adding a little spice to the variety of performing arts that we will have available within the circus center.
Rewards & Stretch Goals
You may have noticed that any reward over $30 includes "Mural Name," which means we will be hand lettering your name permanently onto our studio walls as part of an amazing mural that will be created by our own favorite acrobat Lydia Fogo. You can see some of her other work here!
Successfully reaching our $5,000 initial goal will unlock a brand-new set of rewards, including tickets to our exclusive Kickstarter Backer Party in the new facility!
Chattanooga Aerials Swag
Giving a Reward for the Holidays?
If you'd like to give one of these rewards as a gift for the holidays, please send us an email and we can provide you with a certificate to announce your present. These will, however, be subject to successful funding of the Kickstarter, and if the reward involves the space being open (such as classes or workshops), they will have to be redeemed according to the timeline set out in the reward description. Please reach out via email if you have any further questions.
The Budget Press. Calendars. "Gift" cards
Salem, Ohio
August 15, 1939
The President,
Washington, D.C.
SUBJECT: Thanksgiving
Mr. President:
Millions of calendars for 1940 have already been printed and sold. We alone have printed over two million 1940 calendars. As you probably know, calendars are sold mostly in January, February, and March, for delivery in the Fall of the year, for use during the coming year, in order that we may keep our employees busy throughout the full twelve months. Otherwise, we would be working day and night the last few months and shut down most of the year.
This situation makes it necessary to print calendars almost a full year in advance. As stated before, at the present time nearly all calendars are printed for 1940 and we have in preparation most of the preliminary work for 1941 calendars, which are sold by salesmen starting the first of December. In other words, actual samples of 1941 calendars are placed on display in December 1939.
Your change for Thanksgiving naturally makes all 1939 calendars obsolete, as well as all 1940 calendars, although it is not too late to change the preliminary work for 1941.
I am afraid your change for Thanksgiving is going to cause the calendar manufacturers untold grief. If very many customers demand 1940 calendars to correspond with your proclamation, hundreds of thousands of dollars will be lost by the calendar companies, and in many instances it will result in bankruptcy.
You will realize, I am sure, that if you had purchased calendars last January for delivery this coming December, to be distributed January 1940, you would want those calendars to show the correct date for Thanksgiving, and you would expect the manufacturer to furnish them - Presidential Proclamation notwithstanding. Due to the fact that 90% of the calendars will be showing Thanksgiving on the usual date for 1940, your Presidential Proclamation should be rescinded; and if it is necessary to change Thanksgiving it should not be changed until 1941. Otherwise, it is going to be difficult for calendar manufactures to get their customers to use the calendars already printed.
Yours respectfully,
(Signed)
John Taylor
JT:P
JOE WILLIAMS
REAL ESTATE, RENTALS
INSURANCE IN ALL FORMS
GROTON, SOUTH DAKOTA
August 17, 1939
Mr. F.D. Roosevelt
Washington, D.C.
Dear Sir:
Referring to your proposal as to changing the date of Thanksgiving to November 23, we think we have just the place for you out here in South, Dakota. Yankton.
After all this country is not entirely money-minded, we need a certain amount of idealism and sentiment to keep up the morale of our people, and you, would even take that from us. After all we want to make this country better for our posterity, and you must remember we are not running a Russia or communistic government.
Between your ideas of running for a third term, and your changing dates of century old holidays, we believe you have practically lost your popularity and the good will of the people of the Northwest.
Sincerely,
(Signed, 'Robert S. Benson & Clarabelle Voight')
As representatives of the northwest
ARNOLD'S MEN'S SHOP, INC.
Brooklyn, N.Y.
August
15th
1939
President Franklin D. Roosevelt
White House
Washington, D.C.
Dear President Roosevelt:
Would like to give you the view point of the small merchant in regard to your change of the Thanksgiving date.
The small storekeeper would prefer leaving Thanksgiving Day where it belongs. If the large department stores are over-crowded during the shorter shopping period before Christmas, the overflow will come, naturally, to the neighborhood store.
Before writing, have consulted with my fellow directors of the Flatbush Chamber of Commerce, as well as my fellow trustees of the Kings Highway Board of Trade, and the executive council of the Associated Retailers of Greater New York, of which I am chairman.
We have waited many years for a late Thanksgiving to give us an advantage over the large stores, and we are sadly disappointed at your action, in this matter.
Kindly reconsider and oblige thousands of small retail storekeepers throughout this country.
Sincerely yours,
(Signed, 'Charles A. Arnold')
ARNOLD'S MEN'S SHOP INC.
CHARLES A. ARNOLD
CAA:MLC
N. B. Written in behalf of over 500 Adam Hat Agents whose association I head. CAA
NEW YORK UNIVERSITY
UNIVERSITY BOARD OF ATHLETIC CONTROL
WASHINGTON SQUARE, NEW YORK
August 22, 1939
The Secretary to the President,
The White House,
Washington, D.C.
My dear Mr. Secretary:
I am wondering if you are at liberty at this time to supply me with any information over and above what has appeared in the public press to date regarding the plan of the President to proclaim November 23 as Thanksgiving Day this year instead of November 30.
Over a period of years it has been customary for my institution to play its annual football game with Fordham University at the Yankee Stadium here at New York University on Thanksgiving Day, although there have been some instances during this period when the game has been played on the Saturday following Thanksgiving Day. As you probably know, it has become necessary to frame football schedules three to five years in advance, and for both 1939 and 1940 we had arranged to play our annual football game with Fordham on Thanksgiving Day, with the belief that such day would fall upon the fourth Thursday in November.
Please understand that all of us interested in the administration of intercollegiate athletics realize that there are considerations and problems before the country for solution which are far more important than the schedule problems of intercollegiate athletics. However, some of us are confronted with the problem of readjusting the date of any football contest affected by the President's proposal.
As soon as I read of the President's proposal, I advised our Graduate Manager in charge of schedule making simply to mark time pending further public pronouncement by the President as to the definiteness of his proposal. I thought that there might be a change of mind on his part following such public comment which has been made in the press. However, time is slipping past and if it is necessary for us to make arrangements for changing the date of our game this year, we should be taking steps very shortly to make such change effective and to make public announcement with regard to it.
In short, I am wondering if you could furnish me with answers to the following questions which should prove helpful to us in reaching a decision:
1. Has the plan of the President as announced in the press been definitely established, with the result that Thanksgiving Day in 1939 will come on November 23 and not upon November 30 as had been generally anticipated?
2. If no definite decision has been reached as yet, are you in a position to state the earliest possible date upon which a final decision will be rendered?
3. Granted that the President does proclaim the third Thursday, November 23, as Thanksgiving Day for 1939, does it necessarily follow that the same procedure will be employed in 1940, with the result that Thanksgiving Day during the course of that year would fall upon November 21 rather than upon the fourth Thursday of the month, namely, November 28?
I realize, of course, that you may not be in a position to furnish me at this time with the information sought, but you will appreciate that any light which you may be able to throw upon our problem will be extremely helpful.
Very truly yours,
(Signed)
Philip O. Badger,
Chairman of the University Board of Athletic Control, and Assistant to the Chancellor
POB:DG
Shinnston, W. Va.
August 15, 1939
The President
White House
Washington, D.C.
Mr. President:
I see by the paper this morning where you want to change Thanksgiving Day to November 23 of which I heartily approve. Thanks.
Now, there are some things that I would like done and would appreciate your approval:
1. Have Sunday changed to Wednesday;
2. Has Monday's to be Christmas;
3. Have it strictly against the Will of God to work on Tuesday;
4. Has Thursday to be Pay Day with time and one-half for overtime;
5. Require everyone to take Friday and Saturday off for a fishing trip down the Potomac.
With these in view and hoping you will give me some consideration at your next Congress, I remain,
Yours very truly
(Signed)
Shelby O. Bennett
SOB:jas
171 Steuben Street
Brooklyn, New York
October 18, 1939
President Franklin D. Roosevelt
The White House
Washington, D.C.
Your Excellency,
Your recent decision to change the date of our Thanksgiving Day has just taken effect here at Pratt Institute. Our directors announced that our school vacation would begin on the twenty-third of November and last until the twenty-sixth because New York, being your home state, is abiding by your decision. However, where I come from, Connecticut, they'll be observing it on the thirtieth of November as usual. Really, this situation makes my heart ache because I love our Thanksgiving Holidays as much if not a bit more than our Christmas Holidays.
Oh, I've missed one other Thanksgiving at home with my parents because I was away at college and too far away to get home to celebrate with them and I didn't like being away at that time either but I see its going to happen again.
I would really like to know just why you did change the date, my curiosity has been aroused. You probably won't see or hear of this letter because you are so busy however, it's been nice writing you about the situation.
Respectfully yours,
(Miss) Eleanor Lucy Blydenburgh
A mild panic swept over the U.S. in 1939, following a brave decision by President Roosevelt to move Thanksgiving forward from the final Thursday of November to its penultimate Thursday, in an effort to lengthen and boost Christmas spending after the holiday during what were the last groans of the Great Depression . In the days and weeks following his announcement, the White House saw an influx of incoming correspondence from all manner of sources, filled to the brim with heated opinion and response to FDR's controversial decision. Such was the ill-feeling that many people ignored the change and celebrated on the 30th, while others opted to celebrate on both dates just to be sure. For the next couple of years, the holiday was called Franksgiving by many.Below are just six of the letters, all followed by transcripts. All are from the Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library P.S. Happy Thanksgiving!
Ricky Gervais is making a comedy-drama for Netflix about a suicidal middle-aged man.
‘It's a guy whose wife has died and he is in the depths of depression and he nearly kills himself,' Gervais said of his role in the six-part series
‘But the reason he doesn't is that the dog is hungry, so that saves him for a while. He thinks about his crappy job, he works for a free newspaper.'
Ironically Gervais made his comments to a free newspaper – the George Osborne-edited London Evening Standard.
The comic said that the series, which he is still working on, was to be called Roll On Death, but he decided to drop the title because it was ‘too comic'.
‘I don't know whether it's a comedy or more of a six-part story,' he told the paper. ‘It's like a series that's adapted from a novel, I just haven't written the novel.'
Speaking further about his character, Gervais added: ‘The only thing that gets him through it is, "I'm going to commit suicide one day but until then I'm going to do exactly what I want. I'm going to stop being a doormat and say exactly what I fucking want"… he doesn't give a fuck, they can't hurt him any more.
‘This new-found thing liberates him. It's dark but it's funny and he gets embroiled with people he would never mix with in the underworld. It's like he lives two lives.'
The cast will include comic Tom Basden, who appeared in David Brent: Life On The Road, and Tony Way, whose credit range from Game of Thrones to Murder In Successville, Zapped and The Life Of Rock with Brian Pern.
Published: 4 Oct 2017
Image copyright AFP Image caption Gen Franco's dictatorship came to an end in 1975
Spain's Gen Francisco Franco fought a brutal war against democracy with the aid of Hitler and Mussolini and thereafter presided over a regime of state terror and national brainwashing through the controlled media and the state education system.
His investment in terror imbued the collective Spanish psyche with a determination never again to undergo such civil conflict or to suffer another dictatorship.
That remains the case to this day, exactly 40 years after his death.
However, unlike Hitler's Germany or Mussolini's Italy, where external defeat led to denazification processes, there was no equivalent in Spain - and the shadow of his regime still bedevils politics.
Franco's vengeful triumphalism had been fostered in the military academies, where officer cadets were trained to regard democracy as signifying disorder and regional separatism.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Colonel Antonio Tejero brandished a gun as he tried to take over Spain's parliament
As the dictatorship was rapidly dismantled, some of its senior military defenders did not share the massive political consensus in favour of democratisation and so endeavoured to turn back the clock at several moments in the late 1970s and, most dramatically, in the attempted coup of Colonel Antonio Tejero on 23 February 1981.
Death of a dictator
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption November 1975: Franco (1892 - 1975) lies in state at the Pardo Palace in Madrid.
General Franco, known as El Caudillo (Leader), died on 20 November 1975
In his last message to the nation the dictator said: "I ask pardon of all my enemies, as I pardon with all my heart all those who declared themselves my enemy, although I did not consider them to be so"
Prince Juan Carlos was sworn in as King of Spain on 22 November 1975
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Witness: Death of Franco
After the defeat of the coup in 1981, the attitudes of the armed forces were changed by Spain's entry into Nato in 1982, which shifted their focus outwards from their previous obsession with the internal enemy.
Scarred by the horrors of the civil war and the post-war repression, during the transition to democracy Spaniards rejected both political violence and Franco's idea that, by right of conquest, one half of the country could rule over the other.
However, what was impossible in a democracy was a counter-brainwashing.
Residual support
Moreover, especially in his later years, Franco did not rule by repression alone: he enjoyed a considerable popular support. There were those who, for reasons of wealth, religious belief or ideological commitment, actively sympathised with his military rebels during the civil war.
Then, from the late 1950s onwards, there was the support of those who were simply grateful for rising living standards.
Although in the many national, regional and municipal elections that have been held in Spain since 1977, openly Francoist parties have never gained more than 2% of the vote, a residual acceptance of the values of the Franco dictatorship can be found in the ruling conservative Popular Party and its electorate.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Pro-Franco nationalists have never attracted much support in Spain since his death
Accordingly, no government has ever declared the Franco regime to be illegitimate. It was not until 2007 that the Law of Historical Memory made tentative efforts to recognise the sufferings of the victims of Francoism.
Equally slow has been the process of removing the symbols of the dictatorship, the Falangist equivalent of the swastika - its emblem of the yoke and arrows - on church walls, street names commemorating Franco's generals and, above all, the huge basilica and towering cross of the Valley of the Fallen where the dictator is buried.
Image copyright AFP
Franco's rule
1936: After coup, right-wing military leaders capture part of Spain leading to three-year civil war
1939: Gen Franco leads Nationalists to power, remains neutral in World War Two
First decade of rule sees continued oppression and killing of political opponents
20 November 1975: Franco dies; Franco-era crimes pardoned in 1977 under amnesty law
2007: Historical Memory law passed on removing symbols of Franco's rule
2008: Judge Baltasar Garzon investigates disappearance of tens of thousands of people during Franco era
Call for removal of Franco's remains from Valley of Fallen
UN presses Spain over Franco-era crimes and mass graves
Fate of Franco's Valley of Fallen reopens Spain wounds
Today, along with the still open wounds of the civil war and the repression, two other shadows of the dictatorship hang over Spain - corruption and regional division. The Caudillo's rigid centralism and its brutal application to the Basque Country and Catalonia had left more powerful nationalist movements there than had ever existed before 1936.
The democratic constitution of 1978 enshrined rights of regional autonomy for Catalonia and the Basque Country with which the right has never been comfortable.
Mass pressure in Catalonia for increased autonomy met with an intransigence that has fuelled a campaign for independence.
Drawing on a residual Francoist centralism, the Popular Party has fomented hostility to Catalonia in particular for electoral gain. The consequent divisiveness, at times bordering on mutual hatred, is one of the most damaging legacies of Francoism.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Support for Catalan independence has been fuelled by Madrid's perceived neglect of the region
The other is the corruption that permeates all levels of Spanish politics. Needless to say, there was corruption before Franco and corruption is not confined to Spain. Nevertheless, it is true that the Caudillo used corruption both to reward and control his collaborators.
Recent research has uncovered proof of how he used his power to enrich himself and his family. In general, the idea that public service exists for private benefit is one of the principal legacies of his regime.
It will thus be many years before Spain is free of Franco's legacy.
Paul Preston is Professor of Contemporary Spanish Studies at the London School of Economics and leading writer on Franco. Among his books are Franco: A Biography and The Spanish Holocaust
LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May spoke on Monday to U.S. President Donald Trump and agreed that “a window of opportunity” exists to persuade Russia to break ties with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, May's office said.
U.S. President Donald Trump escorts British Prime Minister Theresa May after their meeting at the White House in Washington, U.S., January 27, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
A spokeswoman for the prime minister said Trump had thanked May for her support following last week's U.S. military action in Syria against the Assad regime.
The White House later on Monday said Trump had spoken with May and separately with German Chancellor Angela Merkel by telephone about the U.S. attack and thanked them for their support.
It said in a statement that May and Merkel expressed support for the U.S. action and agreed with Trump on the importance of holding Assad accountable.
In a shift in Washington's strategy, U.S. missiles hit a Syrian air base last week in retaliation for what the United States and its allies say was a poison gas attack by Syria's military in which scores of civilians died. The Syrian government has denied it was behind the assault.
Trump had previously appeared disinclined to intervene against the Syrian leader and the attack raised expectations that he might now be ready to adopt a tougher-than-expected stance with Russia, Assad's main backer.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is due to travel to Moscow this week and the spokeswoman for May said the two leaders had agreed during their conversation that the visit was an opportunity to make progress toward a solution.
“The prime minister and the president agreed that a window of opportunity now exists in which to persuade Russia that its alliance with Assad is no longer in its strategic interest,” the spokeswoman said.
“They agreed that U.S. Secretary of State Tillerson's visit to Moscow this week provides an opportunity to make progress toward a solution which will deliver a lasting political settlement.”
The spokeswoman said the two leaders had also stressed the importance of the international community, including China, putting pressure on North Korea to constrain the threat it poses.
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Marcos Rojo has backed Manchester United record signing Angel Di Maria to succeed at Old Trafford.
Di Maria, who became British football's most expensive player when he signed for £59.7million from Real Madrid last summer, endured a tough first season at United.
The Argentina playmaker lost his place under Louis van Gaal as problems on and off the field combined to make it a season to forget for Di Maria.
But club and country team-mate Rojo, currently playing alongside Di Maria at the Copa America, believes his compatriot will prove his enduring worth at United next season.
"For me, the player with the most talent at Manchester United is Angel," said Rojo.
"There are great players at the club but Angel, for me, is one of the best in the team and in the world.
"It has been a difficult year for him. He had some problems adapting but that's normal.
"Any player coming to a new country and a new league has to adapt to the differences and that's what happens, but I'm sure he will do really well in the months ahead.”
God is an Asshole.
I've had a lot of time to think about it, and that's my conclusion. Normally I'd follow that up with something like: “…if He's even real”, but that tunnel to Hell was pretty convincing. And, yes, while I didn't see God Himself, I witnessed the dark side, and that's enough for me.
God's exists, and he's a Right Bastard.
“Why would I say such things?” you ask. Well, what do you think would have happened to me if I hadn't escaped and returned to Earth for round two?
Eternal Damnation, folks.
And for what?
“C'mon, Wayne,” you add, “you did some pretty heinous shit. How can you expect to behave that way and not be punished in the fires of Hell?”
Okay, okay, I know, I killed a bunch of people. Boo hoo. I did that. But were those murders really so unjustified? And was it really me committing them? I mean, Yumi did most of the bad shit on the boat, right? Just because she was a figment of my imagination doesn't automatically make it my fault does it?
You roll your eyes. “Uh, kinda.”
Well… you're an idiot. And I don't mean that in a bad way. It's really not your fault. That's the way God made you. He wanted you to be an idiot. And he wanted me to be delusional and murderous. That was His Plan.
“But free will, Wayne! What about free will!?”
Yeah, yeah. Look, if God is supposed to be perfect and God is supposed to be Love, capital “L”, why is he so fucking hellbent on creating imperfect beings capable of doing horrible shit? Is it because he gets off on sending his creations to hell when they screw up? If He really wanted to create a bunch of people and just had to give them free will, and on top of all that He Loved them like crazy, don't you think he'd give everyone a fucking pass after they died? Don't you think he'd be all like “Sorry, everyone, this was all kind of big experiment, and I knew what I was getting into, so forget all that shit and enjoy an eternity of peace?”
Nope. That's not the deal. We screw up and it's off to the inferno. You thought you lived a perfect life, and you did a lot of good, and you genuinely cared for people, BUT, remember that one “goddammit” you whispered in fifth grade that you thought no one heard? Well, God heard it, and that hiccup bought you a first-class ticket to the shit storm, buddy. Tough luck.
I dunno. Maybe God would appreciate it if I helped him clean up the mess down here. Maybe if I acted more like Him, He'd give me a second look the next time I kick the bucket. I could do that. I could totally do what He does. It's a pretty simple recipe, actually. All you have to do is:
Create a flawed system Expect the impossible Torture everyone who breaks the rules
Oh, and don't forget to outsource #3 to the biggest dick you know so you don't look like the bad guy.
Asshole.
Police are investigating three separate assaults and robberies overnight.
At daybreak, officers were still at the scene of an aggravated assault on the 400 block of Avenue V South. A cruiser parked sideways at Avenue V and 19th Street blocked access to the street, and traffic cones were set up at both ends.
Officers were on the street, and inside a house on the middle of the street.
Garage at house where man stabbed. (CBC) Details are still sketchy. In a news release, police said patrol members responded to a call and found a man suffering from stab wounds.
He was taken to hospital with serious injuries. Police said he is now in stable condition.
Officers with the targetted enforcement section and forensics are investigating.
A machete and a broken shotgun
Meanwhile, police are searching for two suspects they believe are responsible for two separate armed robberies just after midnight.
They happened on the east side.
The first happened just before 2 a.m. CST in an alley just off the 1100 block off 8th Street East. A man with a broken shotgun and machete and a woman with a knife approached three men. They demanded cash, and then the man started hitting two of the victims with the shotgun.
The victims fought back, and the two suspects took off.
And then about 15 minutes, suspects matching the same description used the machete to steal a Ford Taurus from a couple who were parking in the same area. The driver was hit with the machete, but was not injured.
The male suspect is described as being 20 years old, standing 5'11" with short, dark hair and a thin moustache. He was wearing a blue hoodie and baggy pants.
The female suspect is also 20 years old, standing 5'4" with long, dark hair and wearing a grey hoodie.
If you're a fan of virtual farming, then chances are you're one of the over one million players that have bought a copy of Farm Simulator 17 [official site]. Giants Software and Focus Home Interactive say that the launch sales of one million units in its first month is almost twice the sales of the previous installment at launch.European sales were particularly strong, with the game being #1 in brick-and-mortar sales on its release day in Germany. These figures do include console versions, mind. Farming Simulator 17 also broke the company's previous Steam purchase records with over 220,000 digital copies sold.
Farming Simulator 17 isn't a game for everyone by any means, so it's impressive it's sold so well. I'm a big fan of its lumber mechanics and I spent hours methodically chainsawing down, then picking up trees with a loadlifter and stacking them in a trailer. Some might not be entertained by the notion of doing that, but I found it relaxing.
If you want to chop down trees, stack things, and do other farm-related tasks, you can get Farm Simulator 17 for £25.49/29,74€/$29.74 now on Steam.
Shari Telvick
This is a photograph of Greg Imhoff, taken by his partner, Shari Telvick, who described him to me the other day as “the love of my life.” On August 7, 2012, while checking on a house in his Florida neighborhood—something he did for many of his neighbors when they were away—he was murdered. His death, and its larger implications for “responsible gun ownership,” will be the subject of my column on Saturday. Here is today's report.
—Joe Nocera
A man who fired a gun inside a ticketing area at Houston's largest airport killed himself after being confronted by law enforcement. Carnell Moore walked into Terminal B at Bush International Airport and began firing into the ceiling. The shots were heard by a special agent of Homeland Security Investigations, and when the agent told Moore to drop the gun, he shot himself. He was pronounced dead at the scene. Inside a black suitcase next to where Moore was sitting, authorities found a Smith & Wesson AR-15 assault weapon with a fully loaded magazine. In Moore's car, more ammo for the weapon was found. Earlier in the day, Moore had posted on social media that he intended to commit a mass shooting, but a handwritten note found on Moore's body said he had changed his mind and wanted to kill himself.
—CBS News
Clayton Veninga, 13, was fatally shot Wednesday night while sitting on a friend's front porch in Granite City, Ill. The boy staggered through an alley to another friend's house, smearing blood on the back porch and door. Two friends in the home heard Clayton struggling to come in and found him huddled on the driveway, moaning. A suspect, an acquaintance of the victim, was arrested Thursday.
—St. Louis Post-Dispatch
A young boy was shot in the foot Wednesday while playing outside a home in south St. Louis, Mo. Just after 1:30 p.m., a neighbor heard gunfire and went to check on the child, and discovered the 3-year-old had been struck by a bullet. The child is recovering. Police are soliciting tips.
—KSDK.com
Three teenagers were rushed to the hospital after being shot in an east side Detroit, Mich., neighborhood early Thursday. A woman told police her son and his friends were outside in the front yard when someone pulled up and started shooting. The three teens, ages 13 and 14, were taken to the hospital with gunshot wounds to their legs and back. Police haven't yet made any arrests and are continuing to search for the shooter.
—CBS Detroit
Police in Detroit, Mich, are investigating a fatal shooting on 8 Mile Road Wednesday night, just hours after a mayoral forum where violence was a major talking point. One man shot another to death and a suspect is in custody.
—WXYZ.com
A 17-year-old high school student was shot in the head by an 18-year-old in Britton, S.D., Wednesday afternoon. The shooter, Dusty Groom, told police he was showing a .22 caliber pistol to his friend when it went off, but when questioned later, his story changed. The victim is being treated at a hospital.
—KSFY
A Cincinnati, Ohio, teen is recovering after he was shot in the leg Thursday afternoon. Two men were spotted leaving the scene but police say witnesses are not cooperating.
—WKRC
A 17-year-old died and two others were injured in shootings in East St. Louis, Ill., and police are trying to determine whether the killing was gang-related. Tramond Davis died after he was shot in the head at about 6 p.m. Wednesday. Two other men were also shot, one with life-threatening injuries, at another location. Police are trying to determine what led to the shootings and how they are linked.
—BND.com
Five people were shot and wounded in an apartment in Newark. N.J., Thursday night. The condition of the victims was not immediately known but police said there were no fatalities.
—CBS New York
A 21-year-old man was arrested early Thursday after allegedly shooting his father twice during a dispute, then assaulting three police officers at his home in south Abilene, Tex. Shortly after 3 a.m., Jonathan Rodriguez, who lives with his parents, apparently got into a verbal disagreement with his father, Juan Rodriguez, 60. As the altercation escalated, the son allegedly produced a handgun, and his father ran into one of the bedrooms, where he was shot twice. He is recovering.
—Reporter News
A former fire lieutenant was arrested in Galion, Ohio, Thursday night after allegedly shooting his girlfriend and leading police on an hour-long chase. The suspect shot the woman four times at the home they shared before leading officials from multiple counties on a chase. She was transported to a hospital.
—10TV.com
A woman was charged with attempted murder after she was caught on camera shooting another woman in a residential neighborhood in Union, S.C., Wednesday afternoon. At about 3 p.m., 49-year-old Sherry McMorris pulled a gun from her purse and fired at the victim before being taken to the ground by people nearby. A man had been walking his dogs when he heard the woman yelling and pulled out his phone to record whatever happened next. The victim suffered injuries to her legs. McMorris was arrested.
—Fox Carolina
A Wake Village, Tex., teen was accidentally shot early Thursday morning. A group of people were inside a home when one person was handling a .22 caliber rifle and it went off, hitting a 17-year-old girl in the chest. The teenager was taken to a hospital, where she underwent surgery.
—KSLA 12
A man was fatally shot a block from his home in northwest suburban Wheeling, Ill., on Wednesday. Officers found Rafael A. Orozco, 23, with a gunshot wound to the chest at the Winetree Apartment Complex, where he was pronounced dead. No one is in custody.
—CBS Chicago
Trevor B. Atchison, 21, was shot in the head by his wife and pronounced dead after being taken off life support Thursday. Robin Carr Atchison, 29, who has a criminal record, is accused her of shooting her husband in the head with an illegally purchased .22-caliber rifle early Tuesday in Alpha, Ill. Clint David Cole, 23, was arrested and charged with one count of unlawful sale of a firearm to a felon.
—Quad-City Times
A 23-year-old man was shot to death inside an apartment building in the West Pullman neighborhood of Chicago, Ill., at about 8:30 p.m. on Thursday. He died at the scene. Additional details about the shooting weren't immediately available. Another man was seriously wounded in the Gresham neighborhood on the South Side of Chicago an hour and a half earlier.
—Chicago Tribune
Police are searching for a suspect in connection with a shooting that injured at least one person in San Francisco's Mission District early Thursday morning. Police received a report of a shooting at about 2:04 a.m., and a person with a gunshot wound was transported to the hospital. Two suspects were arrested by police, but one suspect remains on the loose.
—KGO-TV
According to Slate's gun-death tracker, an estimated 3,819 people have died as a result of gun violence in America since the Newtown massacre on December 14, 2012.
Iraq veteran and PTSD sufferer Brad Schwarz attends a Cubs game in Chicago on June 14 with his service dog, Panzer, and a group of veterans from the Wounded Warrior Project. (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images)
Military suicides rise amid limited mental and physical care for soldiers and veterans.
Before 21 year-old Army infantryman Derrick Kirkland hanged himself in his barracks in March 2010, he had attempted to take his life three times. After trying to commit suicide twice while serving in Iraq, he was sent to the Madigan Army Medical Center (MAMC) at Joint Base Lewis McChord (JBLM), located outside Olympia, Wash. Doctors pronounced him to be at “low to moderate” risk for self-injury and returned him to his unit, where his commanders reportedly called him a “coward” and a “piece of shit.”
As U.S. wars overseas drag on, stories like Kirkland's have become increasingly common. Pentagon data released in June revealed that so far in 2012, nearly one active duty soldier has committed suicide each day, more than the number who have died in combat in Afghanistan. The rate is worse among veterans, with about 6,500 suicides logged each year.
As veterans and service members organize to demand mental healthcare, many also seek to challenge the wars that have necessitated returning traumatized troops to battle. “The suicide epidemic proves that the military and the U.S. government are completely incapable of caring for us when we get home from the war,” says Mike Prysner, an Iraq war vet and co-founder of the anti-war organization March Forward. “So we should just not go to begin with.”
In June, March Forward launched a campaign to provide resources and legal support to soldiers resisting deployment to Afghanistan, including both those applying for conscientious objector status and those who have gone AWOL. One such soldier is Sgt. Brook Thomas Lindsey, who was also stationed at JBLM and who fled the base in March 2012. He asserts that he was being returned to duty despite having repeatedly requested help for suicidal impulses. Lindsey turned himself into military police voluntarily in June, and now reportedly faces dishonorable discharge and up to a year in prison. (JBLM did not respond to a request for comment on Lindsey's case.)
Activist veterans say that in addition to ignoring trauma in order to keep soldiers deployable, the military compromises medical care for soldiers in an effort to downplay the enormous costs of the wars. In March, investigators discovered that hospital officials at JBLM had recommended that psychiatrists limit PTSD diagnoses, which entitle soldiers to certain care and benefits upon retirement, in order to control costs to taxpayers. In response, the Army has launched a review of behavioral health evaluations since 2001 at all of its medical facilities.
Once soldiers are discharged from the military, they enter an equally dysfunctional system. Under federal law, veterans are entitled to five years of medical care, but the Department of Veterans Affairs faces a backlog of 897,000 disability claims.
Maggie Martin, a field organizer with Iraq Veterans Against the War (IVAW), says that soldiers who have been sexually assaulted (as many as 1 in 3 women in the military) face enormous institutional and cultural obstacles in accessing care. Even after she began working with IVAW, Martin says that she didn't acknowledge for several years that she was herself a survivor of a sexual assault that occurred during her last deployment to Iraq because she “was so ingrained in the system and the stigma.”
As part of IVAW's nationwide “Operation Recovery” campaign, Martin is now organizing at Fort Hood, where suicide rates are among the highest in the country. She's collecting testimony from soldiers with traumatic injuries in order to pressure commanders at the base to stop overriding the medical treatment recommendations that soldiers receive from their doctors.
The climbing rate of military suicides has been explained in multiple ways, but one controversial school of thought holds that many soldiers suffer from “moral injury,” caused by guilt and shame at witnessing or participating in something that violated their moral or religious principles.
Martin believes that acknowledging the complexity of a veteran's position is central to building a viable anti-war movement.
“It's important to remind people that we're not heroes completely, and we're not victims completely,” says Martin, who was among the 50 members of IVAW to return medals awarded to her as part of a protest during the NATO summit in Chicago in May. “We're humans who were subjected to conditions where we became perpetrators, and now we want to acknowledge the full spectrum of what that means in terms of our own trauma and the trauma we inflicted on others.”
Watch a Chicago Tribune video about Anthony Wagner, who suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder caused by his stint in Iraq and died of a suspected heroin overdose in November:
Artist's impression of NASA's New Horizons spacecraft encountering a Pluto-like object in the distant Kuiper Belt. (Credit: NASA/Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory/Southwest Research Institute/Steve Gribben)
In July, NASA's New Horizons spacecraft made a historic flyby of Pluto, giving humankind its first true encounter with the much-beloved dwarf planet. It was a journey that took nearly a decade, and (despite what you may have heard) it ain't over yet.
Many think of Pluto as sitting at the outer edge of the solar system, given the fact that it was once our most distant planet. But part of the reason for Pluto's reassignment as a "dwarf" is the fact that it's really, really not the last stop before interstellar space. In fact, it's in the very inside of something called the Kuiper Belt -- an asteroid belt full of space objects much more mysterious than Pluto.
Now the New Horizons team has announced a candidate for the probe's second stop, pending official approval from NASA to extend their mission.
[Gorgeous new photo shows Pluto with jazzed up color]
The object, called 2014 MU69, sits nearly 1 billion miles further out into the Kuiper Belt than Pluto does. It's a small Kuiper Belt Object, and one of an entirely different sort than Pluto -- which means scientists would get a look at a totally unknown Kuiper world. At 30 miles across, PT1 (short for potential target 1) is more than 10 times larger and 1,000 times more massive than a typical comet, but only about 0.5 to 1 percent of the size (and about 1/10,000th the mass) of Pluto. Because of that size, scientists believe it may be similar to the building blocks that came together to form Pluto and other relatively large Kuiper Belt Objects (KBOs).
Path of NASA's New Horizons spacecraft toward its next potential target, the Kuiper Belt object 2014 MU69, nicknamed "PT1" (for "Potential Target 1") by the New Horizons team. (Credit: NASA/Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory/Southwest Research Institute/Alex Parker)
Why study KBOs? The Kuiper Belt is far enough from the sun that it basically acts as a cosmic refrigerator, keeping its objects cool and pristine, largely unchanged from their state at birth (at least compared with the incredibly dynamic planets cooking in our own neighborhood). And the objects are old -- about as old as the solar system itself. So opening up that Kuiper ice box can give scientists a glimpse of the building materials present at the dawn of our solar system. Understanding what was there then can help us figure out how more complex planets -- ones that can harbor life -- evolve.
[Graphic: 9 years and 3,000,000,000 miles to Pluto]
The New Horizons team is still hard at work receiving and interpreting data from July's flyby. But to extend their mission beyond that data retrieval phase, they'll have to submit an official proposal -- due in 2016 -- for independent review. The extension of the mission will cost much less than the $700 million of New Horizons initial funding, since the spacecraft is already designed, built, and launched. But NASA officials will have to weigh the funding needed for other proposed planetary missions before sealing the deal.
If the spacecraft is maneuvered properly during the next year, it will reach the target on Jan. 1, 2019. That's going to be one heck of a New Year's Eve party.
Read More:
Why NASA's top scientist is sure that we'll find signs of alien life in the next decade
Why did NASA spend 9 years getting to Pluto only to fly right past it?
Hubble captures a shimmering ‘butterfly' in space
New images of Ceres show its ‘pyramid' in unprecedented detail
Gorgeous new photo shows Pluto with jazzed up color
Hey everyone welcome to another Stonehearth Desktop Tuesday! While the team is continuing to work on Alpha 23's Appeal system, let's drill deeper on the multiplayer experiment that we saw in last week's Desktop Tuesday and on Stream 300.
Multiplayer
Recap from the video:
If you've been following along with last week's Desktop Tuesday and Stream 300, you know that what you're looking at right now is footage from a nine-person play test of one of our early Stonehearth multiplayer experiments.
Before we start let me just say that everything you see is experimental, only half-implemented, and subject to change! In particular, things like encounters and traders only work for player 1 (in this case Angelo) and you can't yet do basic things like save the game.
So that said, what's going on in this scene? Well, what you're looking at right now is an island on which Artist Allie, Artist Malley, and a few other people have chosen to settle together. Each of them has their own banner and firepit but they're essentially building one town; they can easily share or steal resources via the loot tool and design houses together via the building editor.
Out on the edge we have Chris and Max, who prefer to play with their own space, and me and Linda, who wanted to prank the people on the island by digging under the lake, and of course, Justin, who suspiciously embarked on a mountain and who used SH's gravity defying physics to plot oversight on all of us.
The main things we learned from this experiment are that:
Adding multiplayer to a community builder is a great way to hang out with your friends. For a while, we weren't sure how this sort of interaction would fit into the game, because nobody has ever really done it before, but the answer is that building and trading together feels awesome All the pranking made us wonder about whether the game should have a “declare war” button. What do you think? Multiplayer really pushes the game to its technical limits. Because we're using a client server model, and Angelo is hosting us all, we're all essentially playing on Angelo's computer. This introduces some solvable problems, like how to get encounters fairly distributed among people, but also open issues like: if you're far from his computer, your experience may be slower than everyone else's as we send giant chunks of data long distances. What things–perhaps like building, should we break up into smaller and more easily communicable chunks? In this particular playtest, latency was actually fine despite the fact that Chris was across the country, but that may not be true all the time on the open internet.
The final technical limitation, and the one that we do not think we can actually solve is that in our basic model, one machine must handle all our hearthlings at the same time. This means that the more people who join, the slower the game gets for everyone. Should the game set limits on the number of people? Should multiplayer involve fewer hearthlings per town? Again, we'd love your thoughts on this.
Before we finish I want to stop and acknowledge the incredible work that Tony and Angelo did to get us to this point. As an engineer, I was often frustrated with the fact that Tony's original design for Stonehearth enforced a strict client-server model, because it meant that when I was working on client-side stuff like ghost entities for placement or the music changing for night and day, that I had to jump through lots of hoops to get server-side data to myself. In the end, however, I always followed his model because he built it in such a way that subverting it to hack in whatever I needed was more work than going along with the correct solution. This meant that years later, when it was time to turn multiplayer on, Angelo had only to work hard for a day and a half to get the initial connection to happen. In the land of computer science stories, this was nothing short of miraculous–there was a chance, we thought, that it could take months or more.
So when can you expect to see Multiplayer? Well, alas, no time soon. Despite the fact that we now have connectivity, a large number of other hard technical and design problems hurdles remain that Engineer Angelo, Engineer Morgan, and Engineer Linda are currently tanking: for example, a ton of work is involved making sure that a client cannot maliciously attack a host computer through the game. Mods must currently be manually installed and enabled on both host and client computer for the game to work properly. Saves currently don't work at all. And what should happen when one player saves and exits the game but everyone else wants to keep playing?
Let us know what you think!
Other Announcements
From time to time when someone learns that I'm married to a Russian, they'll ask me if I can come up with a recipe for a Russian dish they've had, which is hilarious because I have never been to Russia, have probably only picked up 20 words (by generous estimation) in the 13 years we've been together and of the maybe five Russian dishes I've made, I've simply done them my mother in-law's way. It's almost like people might know that I have a tendency to get really obsessive when I decide I want to crack the code of a recipe and they're hoping I'll apply it to a long-lost loved dish they want to make a regular part of their lives again? Nah, that would be ridiculous.
Enter: medovik. Or maybe smetannik. Guys, if you're ever looking for a sign that a recipe is going to be a doozy to unpack, definitely aim for a dish that nobody even agrees on the name of.*
Technically speaking, this hunt began in 2013 when I received two requests for Russian honey cake — something I'd never even heard of — within a month. I expected it to be a fairly simple process: 1. Try an authentic one from a Russian bakery and see if I even liked it, which I doubted I would because I'm just not that into honey. 2. If I did, try to recreate it using published recipes as guidance. But things got immediately, screechingly off track.
First, I fell in love. Why did nobody tell me it was as stunning as a dobos torte? I have a soft spot for cakes with a gazillion skinny layers. Oh, and the flavor — I had no idea. It tastes like an extraordinarily good honey graham cracker (i.e. like nothing we can buy in a box) that's at once caramel and penuche and biscoff or stroopwafel layered with a sweetened cream or custard or cream cheese, yet the version I was eating, as per the ingredients on the label, contained exactly zero of these things. I was riveted.
And then I fell in… something, because the recipes I found made no sense at all. They were for cookies! This was unquestionably a cake with plush layers. I ceased all medovik/smetannik studies until this madness stopped.
Last month, three years later, I began anew. I went into a tornado of research — my Russian cookbooks, recipe websites in English and Russian via Google Translate, more Russian cookbooks through Google Book Search, having my mother-in-law call her friends that bake, YouTube videos in English and Russian — the likes I haven't done since 2012's Lasagna Bolognese in 2012, a dish I referred to “my culinary Mount Everest,” a mountain that has never since looked so tiny. The more I read, the more confused I became.**
I finally, weeks later, had to make all the noise stop. I closed all the books and all of the browser windows and started typing a recipe that blended the most appealing middle ground or elements of everything I'd read. I accepted that there were parts that didn't make sense to me but I would do them anyway. I expected very little, but the cookie discs — yes, cookies, but a tiny bit bendy so maybe 10 percent on its way to cake already — smelled like a kiss of buttery honey caramel as they exited the oven and I felt like we might be at the brink of honey cake greatness at last.
After expending so much mental energy on the layers, I decided the simplest filling option — sweetened sour cream — was the sanest place to start. Honey would be the logical thing to sweeten it with, but after seeing a few recipes that worked in sweetened condensed milk, only one of the most delicious substances on this earth, I sweetened mine instead with it. The filling/frosting takes approximately one minute to make and I was pretty excited by now because this was happening, I was finally doing this. And then this happened:
And I was all because I couldn't believe I'd gotten so close just to trash the whole thing. I shoved it into the back of the fridge, stormed out of the kitchen and didn't return until the next day, and then I took deep breaths. I re-iced the cake with the spillover. I scooped and spackled. I covered the cake with the prescribed crumbs but until the moment that we sliced into the cake, I was still convinced it was a flop, that there would be no filling left, just a merged megastack of cake inside with no nuance, no joy, no point, no…
… sound. This cake has a way of silencing a room.
** So, is it called medovik (honey cake) or smetannik (sour cream cake), Deb? I asked many many people and here is a small sampling of the responses I got:
Team Smetannik: “Smetannik is what you made — it is a honey cake with sour cream layers…” “Smetanik is any cake with sour cream based frosting. Smetannik has honey in the recipe too, but only a little.” “Smetanik is a cake with sour cream used both in frosting and batter.” “smetannik, but you are missing the walnuts.. We make it with walnuts on each layer.”
“Medovnik, which I I think is also called Medoviy Tort — is basically the same thing, except, and this is where you get LOTS of debate, has honey in the sour cream frosting.” “Medovik is a honey cake which is usually assumed to have a sour cream frosting (though not always). I'd call it a Medovik.” “did you use multiple cups of honey in the recipe? Then it's a medovik… also you seem to be missing walnuts”
Both teams were kind, however. “… if you were to use the terms interchangeably, the Russian culinary police won't come after you, partly because there is no consensus.” “It's definitely confusing, but call it what you want, I'd eat your version and ask for seconds.” (Aw.)
** Just a rough overview of some of my questions:
– Why did most contain 2 tablespoons of honey and 1 cup of sugar? How was this a honey cake?
– Why do some use 2 tablespoons of butter and others use 12?
– Half the recipes called for us to make a caramel and then, when it is still bubbling on the stove, whisk eggs into it — you do not need to be a food scientist to know this is how to make scrambled eggs. The other half have you make the caramel with the eggs already in it! How can that work?
– A lot of recipes have you mix baking soda and vinegar — basically activating it and rendering it almost inert, right? we did this once for red velvet cake and it confused me then too — and then mix in into the bubbling caramel, surely killing off any rising powers left in it. What was the point of all of this?
– Why does the dough roll out better when warm? Isn't this stressful? What if your kid needs something and then the dough cools and you can't roll it, does one just throw everything away?
– Do these really bake into cookies or something softer?
– And the filling — some people use sweetened sour cream, others add whipped cream and/or sweetened condensed milk or a full pastry cream/custard and I even saw one with a cooked flour frosting. Which was correct? Which was better? This is not America's Test Kitchen. If I can not reasonably nail down a recipe in 2 to 3 rounds, I'm out.
Previously
One year ago: My Old-School Baked Ziti
Two years ago: Better Chicken Pot Pies
Three years ago: Miso Sweet Potato and Broccoli Bowl
Four years ago: Pumpkin Cinnamon Rolls
Five years ago: Apple Pie Cookies
Six years ago: Mushroom Lasagna
Seven years ago: Quiche Lorraine
Eight years ago: Best Challah (Egg Bread), Mom's Apple Cake and Beef, Leek and Barley Soup
Nine years ago: Peanut Butter Brownies and Arroz Con Pollo
Ten! years ago: Lemony Persnick
And for the other side of the world:
Six Months Ago: Caramelized Brown Sugar Oranges With Yogurt and Potato Pizza, Even Better
1.5 Years Ago: Why You Should Always Toast Your Nuts and Obsessively Good Avocado-Cucumber Salad
2.5 Years Ago: Asparagus-Stuffed Eggs
3.5 Years Ago: Spinach and Smashed Egg Toast
4.5 Years Ago: Over-The-Top Mushroom Quiche
Clapham Capture Fifth Consecutive European Title
England's champions remain atop the European landscape, though the EUC-South region showed they are on the way up.
When the heavens came down upon the thinning masses awaiting the awards ceremony at the European Ultimate Club Finals last Sunday, it carried with it a familiar weight. The rain, much like the result, seemed to come as an inevitability. Under the first tentative drops two hours before, Clapham had dispelled a spirited CUSB side and claimed their fifth consecutive European title.
The achievement is not one dulled by repetition. According to Clapham's captain Justin Foord, “It gets better every year; the more you win, the more people are out to get you.”
CUSB La Fotta certainly came out to get them in the final. The score line of 15-7 does little to flatter the Italians, but nothing to describe the ferocity of the opening half. There are few points containing six turns that one could describe as ‘elite', but I'll be damned if the opening engagement of this year's final wasn't electric.
Starting on offense, CUSB showed their nerves, working hard but making things just a touch more difficult than they needed to be. Overthrows and sketchy decisions mixed with Clapham's veteran defense gave up possession needlessly. However, the raw fighting spirit endemic of the Italians saw them get three turns back during the elongated point. This included forcing Clapham's star acquisition Alex Thorne and D-line legend Tom Abrams to begrudgingly part ways with the disk. It took CUSB's young visionary Simone Gasperini laying out for a score to bring the first point to a close.
The teams would trade to fours in exhilarating fashion. High-energy, switch-heavy defense forced handlers to take smart shots and defenders to attempt emphatic bids. CUSB would grow noticeably more confident from everywhere except point blank range, while Clapham had the air of an engine rumbling to life. Each possession was littered with highlight reel plays from the likes of Michele Farina, Ashley Yeo, and Giovanni Stantucci. It was the latter's effortless backhand strokes that guided CUSB to a 5-4 lead.
On the next point, CUSB would get the first break of the game.1 Following a gust-induced Clapham turn, CUSB turned to their talismans for the crucial upwind score. Captain Andrea Mastroianni threw low and hard to the front corner of the endzone and the outstretched airborne hand of Davide Morri. The big man shrugged off the intense defensive and contextual pressure like a guilty pleasure.
The more ambitious hearts of La Fotta's ranks skipped a beat in hope. Clapham's squad remained as calm as ever. Their initial response was swift and prescient, no turn, no fuss, 6-5. Going upwind on offense for the first time that game, CUSB looked relatively comfortable. Their flow may have been uncertain in its advancement but it seemed, at least initially, confident in its existence. That is, until an upwind huck decided to hang for far too long above Clapham's endzone. What followed was a sky by Justin Foord that I have resolved to describe as ‘apocalyptic'.2 Some crafty open lane cutting from Phil Garner saw Clapham march down the sideline, before a final nuanced cut from Garner in the endzone earned the English squad their first break of the game.
They never looked back. Taking the half 8-6 and eventually the game 15-7, Clapham produced a definitive display. CUSB did what they could — switching defensive looks, moving D-line players to offense, and, finally, resorting to long shots to their soaring young receivers. Unfortunately for the Italians, once that British boulder got rolling, there was no getting out of the way.
“I think we could have been closer. At the beginning of the year, our goal was to win gold or at least get closer to Clapham,” said Andrea Mastroianni, adding, “It is still a good result, to make it to two finals… we have a very strong program in Bologna… and hopefully we will get closer to them.”
Mastroianni channeled the thoughts and ambitions of the division, as after a year where everyone felt Clapham looked unusually mortal, the Bullfrogs remained national and continental champions.
***
Elsewhere in the Open division, there were a few surprises and shake-ups. Most prominent among them being the French outfit Tchac's appearance on the podium. Team captain Maxime Garros led his squad from the bottom qualification spot in EUCR-South to bronze medals in the space of a month. They beat a litany of national champions on their way to those medals, including Bad Skid, FAB, and Otso.3 While they ultimate fell in the semifinal to a dominant Clapham side, Tchac's performance furthers the point France Open — and indeed French ultimate in general — spent the summer making in warm-up tournaments and at WUGC.
In the other semifinal, CUSB squared off against Bad Skid. In the expected heavyweight bout, the Germans struggled to set their footwork early. The mud played a debilitating role in Bad Skid's break-orientated cutting, allowing CUSB to interfere liberally with their lanes to generate early turns.
“We didn't start on the right foot,” said Bad Skid captain Holger Beuttenmüller. “They did a good job poaching, I think we weren't ready for their pressure.”
The game would tighten up as the Germans played their way back into it, but ultimately CUSB would manage to stay just that nose ahead. As is tradition in such match-ups, there was a whiff of controversy about the finish — a pair of dubious calls on the last point, one in each endzone, seemed to karmically balance the scales. The result was obviously disappointing for the Germans, whose ground-and-pound style is always wonderful to watch,4 but ultimately CUSB deserved the result.
The result was part of a broader story on the weekend, as the break-out star of the tournament was the Southern division as a whole. With five5 out of its six representatives making their way into the Elite division,6 Frankfurt became a declaration for the region. The South encompasses Switzerland, France, Italy, Ireland, and Spain. While Swiss teams are well accustomed to the thin air atop European mountains, the French and Italians are starting to become far more acquainted with it.
***
Coming as it does, at the end of a World Championship year, the atmosphere of EUCF can't help but taste of epilogues. Europe looked to dethrone some of the world's powers in London, but fell short, resorting to in-fighting to determine fifth position. In Frankfurt, no captain or player wanted to speak openly about future international tournaments, preferring to focus on the end of the season and the various stress relievers awaiting them at home.7 It can't be denied though, however faint, the shadow of WUCC 2018 is starting to creep toward us.
As a conclusion to this season, Clapham remain firmly rooted at the top, gazing across the pond to where their ambitions could one day be realized. Around them lie the intentions of other European clubs to match their effort and drive. However, as Foord said after the final, “It can be dangerous to plan too far in advance. We are planning to focus on next year.”
So in the winter interlude we Europeans shall retreat back indoors, relax, and plan the next steps of our great march forward.
-
: OS X 10.9.5 Yosimite
-
: 1.4 GHz Intel Core i5
-
: 4 GB DDR3
-
: Intel HD Graphics 5000
-
: 911.4 MB for the App
Here is another Game Maker Port from Monkeyman764. This time we have Platinum Arts Sandbox, a game maker used ages ago to create games. Make a game using the interfaces. Three game making types available: FPS, Side Scrolling, and the always popular, RPG.Has a simple building process, looks "similar" to Minecraft.This is my forth port. I'm getting the hang of this. If you want to learn more about this before you install it, here is a wikipedia page:And of course, the official website:Fullscreen creates Graphic Issues.Saving is a little finicky, may not work.MULTIPLAYER DOES NOT WORK!!! (Not sure if it is my fault, or if the problem persists in Windows.)1. Unzip the Wrapper2. Run the .App file3. Pick your specs from the drop-down menus.4. Choose the type of game you want to play or make.5. Hit playFinal Note: (You may have to change your settings in game, depending on your computer, for your screen.)
Deep Silver Dambuster has pledged to patch the performance problems in Homefront: The Revolution. That's good in the scheme of things, but not what you want to hear on the day of release (in Europe, at any rate).
"Performance—particularly frame rate—is not currently where we want it to be," community manager Craig Turner writes, "and we are working on additional patches to help address these issues and more. Patch notes per platform will be available on the community forums and on Steam when they go live."
Tyler found The Revolution bland, but not quite so flavourless as to put him off altogether. No, the hard crashes and stuttering—on a GTX Titan, no less—did that.
A heartfelt message from studio head Hasit Zala after the credits roll alludes to the pressures Dambuster was under during The Revolution's development. It's a pity there's no fairytale launch to draw a line under it.
KALAMAZOO, Mich. (NEWSCHANNEL 3) -- 50 years ago this week, Michigan was a hotbed of UFO activity.
Hundreds of people claimed they saw strange aircraft and lights in the sky.
The government blamed it all on swamp gas.
But to this day, it's still a mystery.
In March 1966, the eyes of the nation turned to southeast Michigan.
The Mannor family of the small town of Dexter, in Washtenaw County, watched as a UFO hovered over their swamp for 4 hours.
Dozens of local police officers and neighbors witnessed the phenomenon before it flew away.
The next big sighting happened at Hillsdale College.
Several students were transfixed by what they say looked like a flying saucer.
Five decades later, UFO researchers in Michigan haven't forgotten this cosmic mystery.
They're taking another look at the "Swamp Gas UFO Conference" this weekend.
"They're unexplained, even 50 years later what their purpose was, what they are, where they came from, we're no closer to understanding them as we were half a century ago," said William Konkolesky, State Director of the Michigan chapter of the Mutual UFO Network.
Back in the 60s, the U.S. Air Force launched an investigation.
Their explanation was that witnesses were simply seeing lights produced by swamp gas.
However, the lead investigator later regretted giving this answer.
"He was very candid that he was told upfront, whatever you say, don't give any indication it was a flying saucer, just give a brush off answer," Konkolesky said.
Researchers say high profile sightings take place every couple decades.
While we don't know why UFOs could have been zipping around Michigan, one thing is for certain, sightings keep happening.
"Last year we had 331 sightings just in Michigan alone. People report their UFO sightings to us, and we do our best to investigate them," Konkolesky said.
The conference takes place Saturday March 19 from 9:30 a.m. to 7 p.m. at the Wyndham Garden in Ann Arbor, located at 2900 Jackson Ave.
The cost is $30.
Visit this website for more information: http://swampgasufo.com/
Exclusive Novinite.com Interview with Paul O'Brien, Political Correspondent of The Irish Examiner, on the outcome of the second referendum in Ireland which led to the ratification of EU's Lisbon Treaty.
Is the rather high percent of Irish voters supporting the Lisbon Treaty is a surprise? Had a “no” vote been just as likely until the last minute?
The very large margin of victory is a slight surprise, but the opinion polls leading up to the referendum had indicated that a clear win for the “Yes” side was likely. So it is not the case that a “No” vote had been as likely until the last minute.
What factors tipped the scales in favor of the Treaty? (i.e. the information campaign; the legal guarantees by the European Council for “opt-outs” on abortion, taxation, and military neutrality; Ireland's dependence on EU bailout aid because of the financial crisis; the sheer pressure by the rest of the EU?) Which of those factors would you single out as the most important one for the “yes” vote, and why?
First and foremost, the “Yes” side improved their campaign this time round, and that helped tipped the scales in favour of the treaty.
Secondly, the campaign message was much more consistent – it focused on the economy, and spelled out the message that recovery would not be possible without the EU. They were the single most important factors.
After that, the fact that we had received the guarantees from our EU partners helped the “Yes” side also - because it meant taxation, abortion and neutrality never really became major issues of controversy during the campaign.
Declan Ganley, the leader of the Libertas Party and major opponent of the Lisbon Treaty ratification, has commented that the Irish were scared, and supported the Treaty out of fear? Do you think that is a fair description of the affirmative vote?
I think the suggestion that fear played a part in the “Yes” vote is accurate. Irish people right now are fearful for their jobs, their homes, their children, their futures. So when voters were told that Ireland could be left behind in Europe if it voted no, I think that weighed heavily on people's minds.
Have the Irish voters made a compromise with their position by reversing their own earlier vote, or is this a manifestation of the more acute realization that Ireland is much better off with the EU?
I think many “Yes” voters simply believed we are better off being fully engaged with the EU, and voted accordingly.
Is it fair to say the Lisbon Treaty got ratified in Ireland thanks to the economic crisis? Would the Irish voters still back it if it had not been for the crisis, and the aid from the Ireland got from the EU?
As indicated above, I think the economy was the major issue in this campaign.
The Irish voters were bold enough to say “no” in 2008, and they have now passed the Lisbon Treaty only after securing opt-outs. What are the lessons from the whole Irish experience with the Lisbon Treaty ratification for the EU as a whole, and for the smaller EU states?
I think the experience for smaller member states is that the EU gets its way in the end. Within a short time of the Irish rejection of the treaty last year, it was made very clear by the EU that the treaty was not considered "dead" and that the Irish would have to vote again.
And yes, we got some concessions - ie, the legal guarantees and the retention of our commissioner. But not a single word of the treaty was changed. And I think that indicates what smaller member states can expect on issues such as this.
By contrast, there is a feeling amongst some in Ireland that if a large member state such as France, for example, had rejected Lisbon last year, the treaty would have been dead and the EU would have had to go back to the drawing board.
Is the “yes” vote going to repair some negative effects that Ireland might have suffered as a result of the first referendum?
The Government certainly hopes so. But only time will tell, I think.
For nearly 30 years, NYC's ARChive of Contemporary Music has been collecting, preserving and cataloging “the popular music of all cultures and races throughout the world from 1950 to the present.” Lovers of physical media, the ARC, David Bowie, Jerry Leiber, Youssou N'Dour, Keith Richards, Martin Scorsese and Paul Simon are among its board of advisors. The late Lou Reed was also on the board.
The ARC gets around 250,000 recordings every year. After sorting through them, they make sure they have two best copies on a record in their collection, and sell off third copies. Which leads us to its annual Holiday Record & CD sale which will happens at ARC's Tribeca HQ (54 White St.) from Saturday, Dec 7 – Sunday, Dec 15 from 11 am – 6 pm daily. Here's what they've got this year:
25,000+ recordings – all genres and formats – 45s, LPs, CDs, cassettes,
books, posters, DVDs, VHS, magazine and a vintage flea market + yard sale! specials: This year there is an incredible collection of punk/new wave 45s + LPs, 3 big boxes of Christmas LPs, more CDs than ever before… 100s of modern art, experimental + modern Classical LPs – Glass/Varese/Crumb/Carter/Satie. All recordings never offered before – we start fresh every sale.
Additionally, this year's sale also has a special Lou Reed section. Members of the ARC can attend the pre-sale party on Decmeber 5 with food, drink and early shopping. You can become a member by filling out this form (and giving a minimum $50 donation).
You can also donate materials. Do you have an out-of-control CD collection threatening to take over your apartment? Clean out your pile and give it to the ARC. Your trash could be someone else's treasure. And contributions are tax deductible.
The ELEAGUE Major: Boston 2018 is the 12th Valve sponsored Counter-Strike: Global Offensive Major Championship and the first of two in 2018. The tournament featured a $1,000,000 USD prize pool as well as Valve's newly rebranded format and increase to 24 teams.
About [ edit ]
Overview [ edit ]
Following their success with the ELEAGUE Major: Atlanta 2017, Valve announced that ELEAGUE shall return to host the third CS:GO Major Championship in North America, to be held in Boston, Massachusetts. The event featured an expected prize pool of $1,000,000 USD, which was fought over by 23 teams.
A partially new format was announced by ELEAGUE & Valve on December 13th, 2017, which brought in the Offline Qualifier as now part of the Major Championship and rebranded all the stages of the tournament. The offline qualifier was named The New Challengers Stage, the group stage was re-named to The New Legends Stage and the playoffs to The New Champions Stage. This increased the number of teams at the Major Championships from 16 to 24, with all 24 teams receiving stickers. [1]
The New Challengers Stage (formerly the Offline Qualifier), lasting from January 12th to 15th, was held at the ELEAGUE Arena in Atlanta, Georgia, but was being closed to spectators. The New Legends Stage, taking place from January 19th to 22nd, was also be held at the ELEAGUE Arena in Atlanta, Georgia. The New Champions Stage was held later at the Agganis Arena in Boston, Massachusetts, starting on January 26th, and concluding with the Grand finals on January 28th, 2018.[2][3]
Broadcast Talent [ edit ]
Note: The Analysts & Commentators occasionally rotated roles on the desk.
Note: n0thing joined the analyst desk for the Legends stage. [4]
Note: Goldenboy and seang@res joined broadcast talent for the Champions stage. [5]
Format [ edit ]
A graphical explanation of the Swiss System format
The New Challengers Stage: January 12th - 15th, 2018 in Atlanta Formerly the Major Offline Qualifier 16 Team Swiss System Format All matches are Bo1 Top 8 Teams proceed to The New Legends Stage Bottom 8 Teams are eliminated
100 Thieves not being able to attend the Major, a team that goes out with a record of 2-3 will still qualify for The New Legends Stage. More information can be found Due tonot being able to attend the Major, a team that goes out with a record of 2-3 will still qualify for. More information can be found below
The New Legends Stage: January 19th - 22nd, 2018 in Atlanta Formerly called the Group Stage 16 Team Swiss System Format All matches are Bo1 Top 8 Teams proceed to The New Champions Stage Bottom 8 Teams are eliminated
The New Champions Stage: January 26th - 28th, 2018 in Boston Formerly called the Playoffs Single-Elimination Bracket All matches (including the finals) are a Bo3 series
Prize Pool [ edit ]
$1,000,000 USD are spread among the teams as seen below:
Note: No prize money is awarded to teams eliminated in the New Challengers Stage.
Participants [ edit ]
The Current Legends [ edit ]
For notes on the "Current Legends" Click here.
The New Challengers [ edit ]
Kraków's Fallen [ edit ]
The Minors' Champions [ edit ]
For notes on the "New Challengers" Click here.
Results [ edit ]
New Champions Stage [ edit ]
Quarterfinals FaZe Clan 2 mousesports 0 Natus Vincere 2 QB Fire 0 G2 Esports 0 Cloud9 2 SK Gaming 2 Fnatic 1 Semifinals FaZe Clan 2 Natus Vincere 0 Cloud9 2 SK Gaming 1 Grand Final FaZe Clan 1 Cloud9 2
Pro-Am Challenge Showmatch [ edit ]
Participants [ edit ]
Broadcast Talent [ edit ] Commentators: Richard Lewis (Richard Lewis) HenryG (Henry Greer)
Format [ edit ] Match ( Bo1 ) between teams with captains ddk & JZFB .
) between teams with captains & . Captains recruit players from Major players and talent.
Map is decided by community vote on Twitter. [43]
Additional Content [ edit ]
Country Representation [ edit ]
The 2015 University of Missouri uprising is widely considered a watershed moment for campus protests, and the rhetorical (and in some cases physical) aggression has only increased with the rise of Donald Trump.
"Keep your hate speech off this campus!"
In fact, just a few short days after the now-infamous incident in which Mizzou communications professor Melissa Click berated and assaulted a student journalist—calling for some “muscle” to forcibly remove him from campus—students at Dartmouth College raided their school library, chanting “Fuck you, you filthy white fucks” at their studious peers, and even pinning one girl up against a wall for failing to display sufficient enthusiasm in support of their cause.
A few short months later, conservative provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos stepped onto the scene, triggering hysterical reactions among social justice-oriented students and even prompting one student at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst to disrupt one of his events while demanding that he “keep [his] hate speech off this campus.”
The moment earned her the less-than-charitable nickname of “Trigglypuff,” a portmanteau of “triggered” and “Jigglypuff.”
Less than a month later, a group of Jewish students at the University of California, Irvine was forced to cut an event short after members of the Muslim Student Union hijacked the event, chanting “intifada, intifada, long live the intifada!”
Then, hardly a week later, another Yiannopoulos lecture at DePaul University was commandeered by a group of rowdy protesters as the security guards he was forced to pay for watched it all unfold.
At this point, all the pieces were in place for another year of college-student outcry as students at the University of Texas at Austin protested a campus carry measure by strapping dildos to their backpacks, a gimmick that attracted nearly 10,000 participants.
The 2016-2017 academic year started out as expected when a Young American's for Freedom meeting was overrun by a group of protesters who shouted in the faces of the conservative students and accused them of participating in white supremacy.
Then at Berkeley, where the story eventually culminates, a massive group of student protesters barricaded a key bridge on campus, forcing white people (even the elderly) to cross by way of a stream underneath.
With a rowdy protest at Towson University along the way, in which students threatened to physically assault Trump supporters after his upset victory, things reached a boiling point Wednesday night back at Berkeley when protesters, so furious with the mere presence of Yiannopoulos on campus, literally set fire to their school, tear-gassing conservative students and beating one Trump supporter unconscious with a metal pole.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @AGockowski
LINCOLN HEIGHTS, Ohio -- Police said a Lincoln Heights teen might have saved two lives Friday when he stepped in to fend off an attacker wielding a hammer.
Raymon Barham, 18, said he was in his own Jackson Street apartment when he heard screaming from the unit above on Friday morning.
When he stepped in to investigate, Steven Walker was standing above his cousin, Jemell Williams, and swinging a hammer, according to police.
“My cousin's face, it was like blood everywhere,” Barham said. His cousin's girlfriend, Jessica Stewart, was also injured in the attack.
Barham said he stepped in front of Walker and fought the other man off -- and Walker turned the hammer on him. Police arrested Walker shortly after he fled the scene of the attack, having repeatedly struck Barham, Williams and Stewart with the hammer.
Walker was charged with three counts of felonious assault. Municipal Court Judge Ted N. Berry set his bond at $310,000 during an arraignment hearing Saturday morning: Berry doubled the amount from $50,000 to $100,000 on each felonious assault charge after Walker went on a profanity-laced tirade. The judge also added one count of obstruction of justice and set Walker's bond at $10,000 on that count for his courtroom language.
See for yourself in the player below (contains censored profanity and a profane gesture):
Although Barham was injured badly enough to warrant a hospital visit alongside his cousin, who remains in poor condition, and his cousin's girlfriend, who needed 16 surgical staples, he said he would gladly intervene again.
“I had to do it for my family,” he said. “That's one of my family members, feel me? So what's going to happen."
The goats are settling in at Nevins Farm in Methuen.
Massachusetts Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
The Massachusetts Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals is looking for a lot of good homes for goats after a Western Massachusetts farmer — surprised at the rate at which the animals were breeding — surrendered 46 animals to the rescue group.
The MSPCA, which has the goats at its Nevins Farm facility in Methuen, said it has seen few cases of this size.
“It's definitely one of the largest goat surrenders we've ever managed,” Gia Barss, barn manager for the farm, said in a statement. She has been “working nonstop to settle the goats into temporary living quarters,” the MSPCA said.
Advertisement
Many of the goats, which are “an assembly of alpine, pygmy, and Angora mixes,” are pregnant, and 10 are nursing kids younger than six months old.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Most of the goats are suffering from coccidia, a contagious bacterial infection of the intestines, and parasites, including round, whip, and tape worms.
“Despite these ailments — which are not uncommon when a population of herd animals like goats is allowed to grow unchecked — they are generally well socialized and friendly animals,” said Barss.
The MSPCA did not identify the farmer.
Barss believes all of the goats will recover completely, and the MSPCA is looking to find good homes for the animals.
Advertisement
“Goats are herd animals and do much better with friends of their own kind — or even the company of ponies or other herd animals,” said Barss. “We also hope to adopt out many of these goats in pairs or groups.”
People with questions about potential adoption can e-mail barnstaff@mspca.org .
Andy Rosen can be reached at andrew.rosen@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @andyrosen
In 1999, Rahul Gandhi, then 29, accompanied his mother Sonia Gandhi to a Congress party rally in Hisar, Haryana. While the leaders sat on the stage, Rahul was a bystander, preferring to absorb the hustings' atmospherics. Barely was the rally underway, he was seen lifting a white plastic chair from the crowd and taking it to the stage for Kartari Devi, a Congress legislative party leader who was standing on stage.
Illustration by Raj Verma Illustration by Raj Verma
Empathy is a trait in the Gandhi scion that stands out strongly in his years in public life, but little else in the persona of Rahul, the politician, is clear. In a recent interview with Arnab Goswami, an incisive and loud newscaster, the Congress party vice president was forthright for most parts but that was about it. He came across as inexperienced, with a limited worldview in realpolitik, and as an interviewee lacking in panache, street smarts or the ability to steer a conversation his way - all important ingredients in the making of a politician brand.
"What is Brand Rahul? The pitch is not clear," says Rasheed Kidwai, author and Sonia Gandhi's biographer, who was present at the Haryana rally, and has closely traced the journey of Rahul Gandhi as a politician . "In one-on-one he seems quite on the ball," says a well-followed communications expert, discounting a widely-held view that Rahul is a novice when it comes to getting his ideas across to the public.
A Delhi-based brand consultant, requesting anonymity, describes Rahul as open to new ideas and somebody who comes up with ideas that may seem out-of-the-box but are well thought-out. Almost everyone BT spoke with among those who have worked with Rahul agrees there are layers and layers to the personality of the Congress leader.
Rahul's ad blitz, said in some quarters to top Rs 500 crore in spending, has been written off already by brand experts as half-thought out, irrelevant, disjointed and late in its build-up. "They have successfully managed to keep the youth aspect alive but they are not playing it up enough," says image manager and Founder of Perfect Relations, Dilip Cherian. "He comes across as a young leader who is promising introspective change, while Modi is promising bigger and faster change."
Another communications expert, Santosh Desai, says a brand is essentially "an idea that you deliver, which connects with people at a human level". He says the lack of a strong narrative makes the question 'What is Rahul Gandhi' difficult to answer. Rahul is trying to present himself as someone who is imagining a new kind of politics, a grassroot leader, a leader for women and youth. "These points are not coming across forcefully, the current campaign is context-less," adds the Managing Director and CEO of Futurebrands India.
SPINELESS LAITY
The groundwork and mechanics of building up a brand - in this instance, in the run-up to the general elections starting April 7 - has failed Rahul, too. The campaign kicked off only in December 2013, by when the Modi juggernaut was in traction in the public consciousness. Until then "Gandhi was busy campaigning in the states," says the Delhi consultant quoted earlier without name.
It doesn't help that in a party steeped in dynasty, almost no one steps up to correct the younger Gandhi on decisions like the hour-long interview with Goswami of Times Now. Even today, few in the party will admit openly that the interview was a blunder. "At such a decisive time, it is unforgivable to do an 80-minute interview. Make it crisp, frame it, engineer it," says Desai.
Rahul's sporadic outbursts come across as incohesive and often amateurish. Whether it is tearing up of the bill shielding convicted lawmakers and calling it "nonsense" at a press meet, or trying to push through anti-corruption legislation through an ordinance, it shows lack of experience and absence of understanding of how to navigate the system. There was also an opportunity for the Congress party to co-opt the Jan Lokpal movement. "It was an opportunity served to him on a platter. He made a last minute school boy intervention. That was a big mistake," says Desai.
"You have to be consistent as a leader, you have to be predictable... the most difficult thing is to follow an unpredictable leader," says Pradeep Kashyap, Founder of MART, and an established rural marketing veteran in India. "Every time he has come forward it has seemed like a knee-jerk reaction."
When compared to Modi, who has his track record in the state of Gujarat as administrative credentials, Rahul has little to show for the work he has done in the last 10 years, except changes he has brought about within the Youth Congress.
"Where is his success story," says Kidwai. Rahul's father, the late Rajiv Gandhi, "was younger than (Rahul) when he became Prime Minister. He was a professional with two children. And, while he was initially reluctant to take on the mantle, Rajiv Gandhi took no time in rolling up his sleeves and getting down to work," says the Sonia biographer.
Rahul's absence from the party office and patchy participation in Parliament debates don't go down well with the younger cadres of his party either.
Strangely, Rahul, a technology enthusiast, is not on social media and a petition floated by 'Friends of Congress' requesting him to join Twitter has gone unheeded. In doing so, he has squandered opportunities that could have given voters a glimpse into his thoughtprocess and avoided publicity goof-ups. For instance, Rahul had no clue about Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar's jibe at Modi's early days as a tea seller at a party meet in Jaipur in January until three hours after the controversial remark.
A NEWCOMER SHOWS HOW
Aam Aadmi Party's brand carefully engineered by its leader Arvind Kejriwal shows up the opportunity missed by Brand Rahul. Kejriwal created a brand out of almost nowhere in a year with a clever choice of brand props. "It's a powerful idea brought to life by everything the party does - its symbol, Jhaadu, to its caps," says Desai. Jhaadu is broom in Hindi.
Kejriwal gets photographed with sweat beads on his face to deliver the message of him being a doer. Modi's pictures project an authoritarian figure. Rahul's image is less unambiguous - he has not been able to shed his baba image. In Hindi, baba, used in this context, refers to the young born into rich and influential families.
To be sure, Rahul has been holding meetings with small groups of porters, women, rickshaw pullers and students across the country giving out the message that he is a leader who doesn't talk down from a podium. His overall strategy of projecting that he was never in power and is an outsider is flawed because it does not account for his lineage, say brand experts.
Much of Rahul's problems with his brand can be traced to his being an introvert because of which he has not been able to make to connect with his audiences. "By nature, Rahul tends to be very private and he is most collegial with people he is close to and that's a small group," says Cherian of Perfect Relations. In contrast, Modi, who is holding similar conversations, branded 'Chai Pe Charcha', plugging into Indians' fondness for tea while subtly reinforcing the BJP leader's climb from modest beginnings, instantly grabs the attention of people, whether they agree with his politics or not.
Congress insiders promise the next stage in the Rahul and party campaign will be more focused in its messaging and tailored to specific target groups. Meanwhile, Brand Rahul seems to be stuck in a vortex of legacy, what he wants to be, and what his party and spin doctors want him to be. The evolution of a definitive brand, it seems, may be a tad late in the making for this general elections. "Rahul Gandhi is a product that is making a claim that I am in R&D mode," says Sunil Alagh, Chairman of SKA Advisors. "Modi is a chai-biscoot man, part of our daily life. Rahul Gandhi is a chocolate biscuit brand - and I don't need chocolate today."
- Additional Reporting By Anilesh S. Mahajan
Click here for more Business Today stories
By Yi Whan-woo
North Korea will grant special pardons next month in commemoration of the 70th anniversary of Korea's liberation from Japanese colonial rule and the foundation of the Workers' Party (WP), Pyongyang's state-controlled media reported Tuesday.
“In an ordinance issued by the Presidium of the Supreme People's Assembly (SPA), the country has decided to offer a large-scale amnesty on the landmark year to those who are convicted of crimes,” the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) said.
The SPA is the North's rubber-stamp legislature. The pardon is expected to be issued on Aug. 1, according to the KCNA.
“Our Cabinet and related organizations will come up with practical measures to help prisoners to return to ordinary life when they are released,” the agency said, without elaborating how many people will be freed.
North Korea previously granted prisoner amnesty on a large scale in 2012 to commemorate the 70th birthday of the late Kim Jong-il in February and the 100th anniversary of the birth of the late Kim Il-sung in April.
It also pardoned prisoners in 2005 to mark the 60th anniversary of Korea's liberation from Japan's colonial rule on Aug. 15 and establishment of the WP on Oct. 10.
An analyst said Kim Jong-un may seek to stabilize his regime amid prevalent fear in North Korea over his extreme reign of terror.
“I'd say he is trying to soothe people's fear and win their support by showing mercy,” said Chang Yong-seok, a senior researcher at Seoul National University Institute for Peace and Unification Studies.
Sources familiar with North Korea, however, forecast political prisoners will be excluded from the pardons.
Kim Jong-un, who is in his 30s, has purged and executed more than 70 officials since coming to power in December 2011 after Kim Jong-il's death, according to South Korea's National Intelligence Service. The move is seen as an attempt to tighten his grip over veteran military and political officials.
They include Hyon Yong-chol, Pyongyang's former defense minister who was believed to be executed by an anti-aircraft gun in April for snoozing during a meeting presided by Kim Jong-un and committing other “treasons.”
Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se said on July 9 that a number of North Koreans staying abroad are increasingly swayed by their leaders' reign of terror. He added some of them actually seek asylum.
(Updated at 4:30 p.m.) James Hunter Park, the long-delayed multipurpose park in Clarendon, held its grand opening Monday night.
The park has an area for dogs and amenities like a picnic area and demonstration garden for people. Arlington County Board Chairman Walter Tejada helped cut the ribbon on the $1.6 million park, located at the corner of N. Herndon and 13th Streets.
But there have been some grumbles about the new park. The “crushed stone” surface, one of three installed at the dog park, has particular raised concern among residents.
“The gravel surface designed for the dogs to pee and poop on raises a lot of dust for the dogs and people to breathe,” wrote one park visitor. “One friend complained the stuff gets on the dogs and they are carrying it into the house. The same friend report the gravel got stuck in the paws of his dog.”
County Parks and Recreation spokeswoman Susan Kalish said the crushed stone “is common in urban dog parks,” and an underground irrigation system is in place to prevent dust. Kalish said the “pros and cons” of each surface — there is also synthetic turf and a rubberized surface — is why park planners decided to install all three.
The park opened Aug. 30, and soon afterwards, the fountain stopped working. Kalish said earlier this month that there was a problem with the fountain's pump, but the fountain has since been repaired.
Another complaint was that water in the fountain was chlorinated and murky with gravel. A sign warns against dogs drinking out of the fountain, yet some four-legged visitors have been spotted drinking out it anyway.
“Apparently the dog[s] can't read the sign that says not to,” one resident said.
“Because we recycle the water in the fountain, we treat it with pool chemicals,” Kalish said. “Unless treated, water in fountains will promote the growth of algae and bacteria. While we know that dogs have been swimming in pools all over the nation for decades and therefore believe that the chlorine content in the water feature is low enough that most dogs won't have issues, we wanted to warn people as every pet is different. If a dog is well-hydrated prior to playing in the fountain he or she will be less likely to drink much pool water. We've got a freeze-proof water fountain in the dog park area for them to use.”
Residents have also complained of a lack of shade in the evenings, heating up the metal benches to an uncomfortably high temperatures. Kalish said park planners expected problems along those lines.
“Shade was quite a challenge for our design team,” Kalish wrote in an email. “The park has plenty of shade in the morning, but it does lack shade in the afternoon — a problem during summer months. We planted trees around the park so that in time they will grow to dramatically increase shade.”
Photo (above) courtesy of Guus Bosman
#bayonne small plane crashes into neighborhood. No one hurt on ground, pilot alert and talking , taken to hospital @ABC7NY pic.twitter.com/xc28a2zrmp — Kemberly Richardson (@kemrichardson7) February 19, 2017
A pilot survived after his small plane crashed Sunday morning in a residential neighborhood in Bayonne, New Jersey.The pilot, identified as 56-year-old George Pettway of Wheatley Heights, Long Island, was the only person on board. Pettway was alert when he was pulled from the wreckage, and was taken to Jersey City Medical Center where he was listed in stable condition.The FAA says the Piper PA-28 crashed at about 10 a.m. in the area of Avenue E and East 41st Street.Officials say Pettway was trapped inside the plane screaming 'get me out!'The plane ended up upside down, with some of the wreckage entangled in power lines."I actually did see a flash go by, and then I heard 'boom, boom, boom' and I ran outside," says eyewitness Anthony Palmisano.No one on the ground was injured. Four cars on the street were destroyed or damaged in the crash. The plane also narrowly missed a gas station."He had complications over the Statue of Liberty, and decided to take this route," says Bayonne Police Captain Robert School.It is still not clear what the complications were.The cause of the crash is under investigation by the FAA.
“Hamilton” GRAMMY performance for The 58th GRAMMY Awards at Richard Rodgers Theater.
After making a bunch of people very rich and winning a whopping 11 Tony Awards, what comes next for Hamilton? This summer marked the end of act one for the smash Broadway hit: Unlike Alexander Hamilton himself, many of the people involved are taking a break from the production now that their yearlong contracts are up. With the change in administration, we thought this would be a good time to check in on the future of Hamilton, from cast departures to filmed versions to non-Broadway productions. Take a look below to see what you missed.
CAST DEPARTURES
At the Tonys, Hamilton creator and star Lin-Manuel Miranda confirmed all those rumors and announced he'd be leaving the show after the July 9 performance. However, Miranda says he's not done with Alexander Hamilton for good: “I intend to drop in on this thing … Cut to like 20 years [in the future]; you're going to be like, ‘When will you stop playing it?'” After his departure, the role of Hamilton will be played by a familiar face: Javier Muñoz, Miranda's longtime understudy.
Joining Miranda out the door were Tony winner Leslie Odom Jr., who played Aaron Burr, and Tony nominee Philippa Soo, who played Eliza Hamilton. Soo has joined the upcoming musical adaptation of Amélie, while Odom Jr. is in talks to join Kenneth Branagh's Murder on the Orient Express and also has a Christmas album coming out in November. Company member Ariana DeBose, who played the bullet that kills Hamilton, announced that she would be leaving as well. As with Miranda, the final performance for all three was July 9.
In the wake of those departures, Brandon Victor Dixon and Lexi Lawson stepped into the roles of Burr and Eliza, respectively. Dixon, who received a Tony nomination for his role in Shuffle Along, but lost to Hamilton's own Daveed Diggs, began performances in mid-August, after Shuffle Along closed on July 24. Lawson, who is making her Broadway debut in Hamilton after starring in touring productions of Rent and In the Heights, joined the Hamilton cast July 11. Michael Luwoye, meanwhile, fills in as the new Hamilton understudy.
Jonathan Groff, of course, has already left the role of King George. Starting in April, he was replaced by Rory O'Malley.
Renée Elise Goldsberry, who won a Tony for her portrayal of Angelica Schuyler, left the musical in the fall to star in a new Netflix sci-fi series; She's also lined up a starring role in HBO's adaptation of The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks. Mandy Gonzalez, who originated the role of Nina in Miranda's In the Heights, stepped into the role on September 6.
Tony-winner Daveed Diggs's last performance as Marquis de Lafayette and Thomas Jefferson came July 15; he was replaced by Seth Stewart. Meanwhile Christopher Jackson (George Washington) will take his final bow on November 13. He's currently appearing in the CBS show Bull, and no replacement has been announced yet.
Anthony Ramos, who played the dual roles of John Laurens and Philip Hamilton, will be leaving the show on November 20 to film Spike Lee's upcoming She's Gotta Have It Netflix series. Jordan Fisher, who's best known for his supporting role on Grease: Live!, will replace him and make his Broadway debut in the roles.
Okieriete Onaodowan (Hercules Mulligan/James Madison) and Jasmine Cephas Jones (Peggy Schuyler/Maria Reynolds) have both renewed their contracts and will stay on for an unspecified time.
FILMED VERSIONS
A little bit of bad news: Any Hamilton movie is likely a decade or two away. Since Broadway producers are loathe to put out a movie that might cannibalize their ticket sales, most film adaptations are only released years after the initial frenzy has died down. (The Wicked movie will hit theaters 15 years after the show opened; Les Miz took 25.) When pressed, Miranda himself says the movie is coming but “probably not for, like, 20 years.”
Before the cast departed, though, Miranda promised that the original production will be filmed for posterity. (Jonathan Groff is even coming back!) When and how you will be able to watch it is anyone's guess: On Periscope, Miranda said that the footage is “going to exist, but we don't know what's going to happen to it.”
While you're waiting patiently, PBS will air the 90-minute documentary Hamilton's America on October 21*. It's not a filmed version of the play; instead, it's part behind-the-scenes look at the creation of the musical — filmed by Miranda's longtime friend Alex Horwitz, who has been shooting since 2013 — and part talking-head doc, with appearances by Barack and Michelle Obama, Jimmy Fallon, Stephen Sondheim, George W. Bush, and Nas.
THE MIXTAPE
Hamilton's already got a cast recording and a book, and this fall, it will also have a mixtape. As Questlove, who's producing the album, tells Vanity Fair, “Half the songs are cover versions of songs in the show, and the others are interpolations — we'll take some of this, some of that, and make something new out of it.” Miranda also says the mixtape will feature some of the songs cut from the final version of the musical, including a third rap battle that centers around slavery. Busta Rhymes, Ben Folds, Regina Spektor, Queen Latifah, Common, and Chance the Rapper are all involved, as well a mystery artist whose cover of “Satisfied,” Miranda says, “is going to blow your fucking minds.” (After some speculation, he was forced to reveal that it is not Beyoncé.)
OTHER PRODUCTIONS
Just like Alexander Hamilton in the Whiskey Rebellion, Hamilton is putting on its finery and heading west: The show will launch a national tour in spring 2017. The tour will kick off at San Francisco's SHN Orpheum Theatre in March and then head to Los Angeles' Hollywood Pantages Theatre in August. The full list of other confirmed tour stops is below:
Atlanta, GA / Fox Theatre
Boston, MA / Boston Opera House
Charlotte, NC / Blumenthal Performing Arts
Costa Mesa, CA / Segerstrom Center For the Arts
Des Moines, IA / Des Moines Performing Arts
Houston, TX / Hobby Center
Las Vegas, NV / The Smith Center
Portland, OR / Keller Auditorium
Salt Lake City / Eccles Theater
San Diego, CA/ Civic Theatre
Seattle, WA / The Paramount
Tempe, AZ / ASU Gammage
Washington, DC / Kennedy Center
Separate from the tour, Hamilton's Chicago production opens September 27 at the Private Bank Theatre. Like the New York version, it is already drawing extremely large crowds. Tickets are being sold for as much as $10,000 on the resale market. A few cast members for the Chicago Hamilton have been announced: Miguel Cervantes as Alexander Hamilton, Karen Olivo as Angelica Schuyler, Alexander Gemignani as George III, Joshua Henry as Aaron Burr, Jonathan Kirkland as George Washington, Ari Afsar as Eliza Hamilton, and Chris Lee as Marquis de Lafayette/Thomas Jefferson.
Next year, Hamilton will also make the jump across the pond, opening in London's refurbished Victoria Palace Theater in October 2017, with productions in Europe and Australia expected to follow. Broadway smashes aren't guaranteed hits in the West End — Rent and Spring Awakening both had short runs — but at the very least, British audiences are expected to get more of the jokes in “You'll Be Back.”
* This post originally misstated the premiere date of Hamilton's America.
This post has been updated throughout.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement BP has managed to seal the smallest of the three leaks spilling oil into the Gulf of Mexico, the company says. Oil is still gushing into the sea at a rate of about 800,000 litres a day, but officials say working with only two leaks makes tackling the spill easier. A controlled burn of the slick to remove oil from open water has also begun, AP news agency said. And a special containment box to funnel oil to the surface from the leaking well is being sent to the site. Engineers plan to lower the 100-tonne concrete and steel box over the site on Thursday, using remote-controlled submarines, officials say. BP has never deployed such a structure at a depth of 5,000ft (1,500m) and difficulties may occur, it says. The operation is expected to take more than two days. If successful, BP said it hoped to begin pumping oil to the surface early next week. Clean-up hopes Describing the cap, coast guard officer David Mosley told AP news agency: "It doesn't lessen the flow, it just simplifies the number of leak points they have to address." A burn was last tried on 28 April when thousands of litres of oil were successfully removed. Favourable weather conditions have now allowed crews to begin burning off more of the oil where it is most heavily concentrated, AP said. Concerns for the impact of the burn on wildlife in the area have been dismissed by the body co-ordinating the response to the spill. "No populated areas are expected to be affected by the controlled burn operations and there are no anticipated impacts to marine mammals and sea turtles," the Deepwater Horizon Incident Joint Information Center was quoted as saying by AFP. The spill was set off by an explosion that destroyed the Deepwater Horizon oil rig and killed 11 workers off Louisiana last month. A sheen of oil has already reached the shore in parts of Louisiana, but officials say coagulated crude oil is not expected to reach coastal areas until the end of the week, AFP reports. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) said the oil slick was not expected to move much in the next several days. BP has told members of a US congressional committee that up to 9.5m litres a day could spill if the leaks worsen, AP notes. How the oil has spread
Approximate oil locations 22 April - 15 May
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The American People Ask Your Help to Defend Our Country and Constitution
If you're a military man or law enforcement officer, please remember your oath to protect and defend the constitution and the people.
If you're a defense contractor, please remember that serving those who would destroy America and her people will destroy you and your family as well. (I am not threatening you … I am talking about the universe and Karma. Even the Devil will reap what he sows).
No matter how tough you think you are, you will regret screwing the people if you do not change now.
If you are a man of religion, be still and listen to the real God … not others telling you that God wants you to attack and suppress the people.
If you're an atheist, remember that – if you fight against the people and for the tyrants – cruelty and hate will give you early heart disease … and your family will end up despising you.
There are many older warriors for the bad guys who have reformed, and are much stronger now…
We the American people who love the Constitution, liberty and prosperity want and need you on our side.
We need the soldiers, sailors, seals and flyboys …
We need the defense and intel contractors and mercenaries …
We need all of y'all to help us – the American people.
You know in the very deepest part of your gut, in the center of your mind and in your heart that it's true.
Background
I decided to buy a Chromecast to replace my Raspberry Pi as a Plex client and general streaming device.
I use a few services quite regularly for watching shows and these are a requirement for me to consider a new set-top box for the TV.
My "Streaming Trinity" is:
Crunchyroll - for legal anime subs. (Ad-based and subscription options)
and Netflix - for movies, TV, and legal anime dubs (subscription)and
(Paid mobile apps,Free web/desktop clients, optional subscription or one-time lifetime unlock, requires a computer for a server) Plex - for local media on my computer and I'm trying out some 'channels' as well to watch videos from official websites such as CBC and Discovery(Paid mobile apps,Free web/desktop clients, optional subscription or one-time lifetime unlock, requires a computer for a server)
The Chromecast had my trinity and more so for about $50 CAD (after shipping and tax) I figured it was worth a shot! I also purchased it in the timeframe to receive $20 on Google Play (this offer is over now, sorry). I heard you can also purchase them in-stores in Canada which would reduce your costs notably.
The Chromecast itself is a one-time fee to buy the device (no "Chromecast subscription").
The only additional costs are for (some of) the apps and their associated subscriptions.
Chromecast Setup
Steps: Plug HDMI and USB in, turn on TV to the right input, config it for your wifi.
However, they fail to mention that you can also use the The initial setup was a breeze, the box showed 3 simple steps which worked exactly as described.Plug HDMI and USB in, turn on TV to the right input, config it for your wifi.However, they fail to mention that you can also use the Chromecast app to perform this configuration. The Chromecast gets you to setup the password for your wireless network, performs an update, reboots, and is ready to go!
I went to my friend's house to show it off and it took a couple of tries to get it to work, so the setup isn't always flawless, but still relatively easy. I used my phone again to set up again.
Device Context - "What phone/tv do you use?" I have my Chromecast plugged into my living room TV (which is connected to the kitchen with no divider). My router is right beside the TV and Chromecast, and when I tested at a friend's we tried it both in the basement and main floor with similar stream quality. (Of course your home may behave differently with wireless).
My TV is a cheap RCA TV, meaning the HDMI CEC control is somewhere between limited and non-existent. While at a friend's I tested the HDMI CEC on a Dynex (didn't work) and a Philips (did work). Best to look up your TV in particular if this is a deciding factor for you.
I have tested the Chromecast with an Android phone, iPhone, Android tablet, and a laptop to cover all the bases on how well things work.
Usage
At the moment, the Chromecast simply displays its name, the time (12/24hr configurable) and a photo on your tv if you're not using it. The first day I tried out a variety of apps to see what I would like to use and what features different apps have. I use the Chromecast fairly regularly to watch TV shows on Crunchyroll and from my local Plex server.
Each app has some sort of 'cast' icon to click and then select the Chromecast you wish to play it on.
Performance overall is great! However it is often on a per-app basis so I'll go into details with each app I use. I mostly use an Android phone to control it so my information primarily comes from that experience. The iPhone compatibility has only been tested by a friend.
Websites vs Apps Google has put out a Chrome Extension called "Google Cast" (which appears to be the name for the protocol) which is required to send content to your Chromecast from the browser.
Now for the most part you'll likely want to use the tab casting to watch videos. However, if you want to you can cast a regular tab like Facebook or Reddit, but be prepared to squint. On my TV the Chromecast did not fill the TV with the web page, but cut off the sides.
However, when watching a video that supports fullscreen it would expand to the full size, I tested this with Facebook.
Many of the sites that support Chromecast will also give you direct casting capabilities through their website (eg: Netflix, YouTube, Plex).
Tab-casting can apparently be much worse than the native tab cast support, so when possible use the native casting support rather than casting the tab in any event. (I'll denote this for apps below). I tried Crunchyroll with fullscreen and tab casting and it seemed fine, a fraction of a second behind the computer but the audio was synced with the Chromecast and the picture was smooth.
Apps
Plex - Paid (~$5.50 CAD. )
Paid (~$5.50 CAD. ) Official Site - Native tab cast
Play Store
I was using Rasplex on my raspberry pi before so this was a requirement for me to switch to Chromecast. The UI elements look great on the TV, it shows a slideshow of fan art in the background at first and also shows the synopsis on-screen. The only issues I ran into was it was very slow to load one episode of a show, but when I stopped and tried again it worked fine. It also didn't want to play some episodes from the Food Network Channel I have installed on my Plex Media Server, but those files may have been taken down. In the end not a big issue.
Once the streams have started the picture quality is great and I haven't noticed any stuttering.
Note: A friend had issues if she started casting after hitting play.
Crunchyroll - Free app (subscription optional for ad-free and full access)
Official Site - Native tab cast
Play Store
Note: I only use the Anime subscription, I'm not sure how the manga portion works.
Crunchyroll has been working great for me. The support through Plex/XBMC wasn't cutting it for me as it wouldn't sync my progress so I really wanted that feature. The video looks great and the subtitles are crisp.
EDIT (updated July 10, 2014): I have been having some issues with crunchyroll lately where it starts buffering and then just stops. I am unsure if this is the app, the service, or my wifi so I cannot make any judgements on it. However I figured it was worth pointing out.
Netflix - Free app (subscription required)
Official Site - Native tab cast
Play Store
Same quality I have come to expect from Netflix, their Android app recently updated with their new branding and looks great. Luckily with Chromecast all the browsing is done on your device so the UI is still great (unlike on certain platforms).
YouTube - Free
Official Site - Native tab cast
Play Store
My favourite thing about YouTube and the Chromecast is the 'TV Queue'. Which lets you add videos and anyone else who can connect to your Chromecast. This is great for YouTube parties.
Apps I've briefly used (and may not have as much to say about) Crackle - Free (ad supported)
- Free (ad supported) Official Site - Native tab cast
It seemed like a good experience, it was on-demand TV/movies with ads (otherwise free) so I couldn't complain. The company is owned by Sony so that's how they get the streaming rights.
Pocket Casts - Paid (~$4 CAD)
Official Site - Native tab cast (n/a) Play Store
This is my go-to podcast app and the streaming seemed good, I just haven't had a chance to listen to podcasts at home recently. It shows the podcast art and the progress bar on the TV.
Lakitu - Free
Play Store
Lets you watch Twitch.tv videos on your tv (as the official app doesn't yet). My favourite part was if I wanted to save my phone's battery there was an option to continue the stream after disconnecting (most apps don't do this).
AllCast - Free or Paid (~$5.50 CAD)
Play Store
The limiting factor is a 5 minute window and ads for the free version. This app lets you stream local content, Dropbox/Drive content, and from some select sources to your Chromecast and to other devices as well (full list in app description but it includes consoles, Apple TV and set-top boxes). I used this to show a video from Facebook I downloaded.
I haven't found a need to pay for it yet and the cost scares me away for the moment, for some people it may be worth it though!
Some supported services include Muzei (wallpapers), Twitch (no searching it seems), and Google+ Photos. Note: The Photos app supports streaming.
Rdio - Free or Paid (optional Subscription)
Official Site - Native tab cast
I could not get to work. However it may work for you so give it a shot! The web app was great in my opinion and I tried the mobile app via a free trial. I'll try it again later and hopefully it will work.
For me it crashed every time in the Android app and the Web site just errored on me.
This lead me to find...
Songza - Free
Official Site - Native tab cast
This is a great music app everywhere that I only just discovered (and I'm using right now!)
It has curated (by music professionals apparently) playlists based on moods, activities, and decades. It goes one step deeper and allows you to pick from several playlists that would fit that mood/decade/activity.
The Chromecast support is great, it takes half the screen for album art, and half the screen for info such as play position/duration, artist, album, and playlist.
Note: The company just recently got bought by Google.
Pluto.TV - Free
Official Site - Native tab cast
This is a cordcutter's dream, for someone who wants a TV-like experience. It has curated channels (based on topics) so channel-surfing is possible. I've always wanted this experience in a non-tv environment just for the option. As I like having something I can watch half-way through without worrying about bad shows or commercials getting in the way.
Note: Animal video lovers rejoice there are channels such as Cats 24/7, Dogs 24/7, and Polar Bears 24/7.
If it takes off I hope they can partner with a streaming service such as Netflix to integrate shows into their channels.
Conclusion
I love my Chromecast so far and use it every day. I've started watching more YouTube channels because of it and have even learned a lot from leaving CGP Grey's "Grey Explains" playlist . (The audio quality is much better later on so I linked to a recent video).
It started as a quirky art-house film that was panned by critics - but grew to be one of the most-loved cult phenomenons of our time.
And cast of the The Rocky Horror Picture Show movie got together for the first time in 25 years to celebrate the 1975 camp classics' 40th anniversary for a special issue of Entertainment Weekly.
And the stars reminisced about being part of the musical comedy horror classic in an interview with NBC's Today on Tuesday.
Scroll down for video
Camp classic: Dr Frank-N-Furter, played by Tim Curry, greets Susan Sarandon's Janet and Barry Bostwick's Brad in The Rocky Horror Picture Show movie, which is celebrating its 40th anniversary
The film follows a naive couple Janet and Brad who stumble across a castle, where mad scientist Dr Frank-N-Furter (played by Tim Curry) is holding a Annual Transylvanian Convention with a group of outlandish, over-sexed friends.
Susan Sarandon played Janet, who quickly embraces her sexuality and joins in on the musical numbers.
Even though her impressive career also spans Thelma and Louise and an Oscar win for Dead Man Walking - Susan said she still gets fans approaching her about Rocky Horror.
'I've had so many people come up to me and say that film helped them through a dark time', she told The Today Show.
Time Warp: The film's stars, front row from left, Brad Bostwick, Susan Sarandon, Tim Curry; back row, Meat Loaf and Patricia Quinn were reunited as they chatted about the cult film's 40th anniversary with NBC's The Today Show on Tuesday
Damn it, Janet: Susan Sarandon and Barry Bostwick starred as naive couple Brad and Janet, who are quickly seduced by alien transvestite scientist Dr Frank-N-Furter after their car breaks down
Susan also said filming the cult classic - which cost just $1.4 million to make and has grossed $139.9 million - was challenging as she fell ill thanks to the cold and damp conditions in the 'castle'.
'I got pneumonia,' she told EW.
'The house itself had been used for other classic horror films, but they hadn't put the roof back on. That was leaking and open. And it was December, January. It was winter,' she added.
The 69-year-old actress joked that she is also still haunted by The Time Warp, the film's classic sing-and-dance along number.
Time is fleeting: The film was one of Susan Sarandon's first major roles, but the Oscar-winner revealed she got pneumonia during filming in the damp and cold 'castle'
Yes Brad? Actor Barry Bostwick said the film's message of 'don't dream it, be it' is the reason it's been embraced by audiences
'I've had to do it numerous times,' she explained of the iconic dance, which involves putting your hands in the air, then on your hips and making a raunchy pelvic thrust.
'So often it rears its head', she said.
Her co-star Barry Bostwick - who played fiance Brad - said the film's inspirational message is as beloved by fans as the quirky story and over-the-top costumes.
'The thing that resonated for me was "don't dream it - be it", which was a really good slogan', he told the Today Show.
Together again: Tim Curry, Susan Sarandon, Barry Bostwick and Meatloaf reunited for the first time in 25 years to chat about the beloved horror-comedy with The Today Show on Tuesday
Drives you insane: Susan joked she's still haunted by requests to do the film's classic song-and-dance number The Timewarp
Also there was rocker Meat Loaf, who played delivery boy Eddie - who makes more of an impression than your average UPS guy.
'I weighed about 315 pounds,' the 68-year-old Bat Out Of Hell singer said of starring in the original Rocky Horror stage play.
'I had on a garter belt with fishnet stockings and high-heel shoes', he added.
Bless his soul: Rocker Meat Loaf also starred in the original Rocky Horror stage play
Hot patootie: Rocker Meat Loaf played biker delivery boy Eddie, who meets an unfortunate end in the cult film
And Rocky Horror star Tim Curry revealed that his cross-dressing mad scientist Dr Frank-N-Furter was very nearly played as a German.
But the actor said he changed his mind after overhearing a woman speak with a plummy English accent on public transport.
'One day I was on a London bus and I heard a woman say, "Do you have a house in town or a house in the country?" And I thought, "That's it. That's what he should sound like: the queen,"' he recalled of his gender-bending character.
'It changed everything.'
Sweet: The mad scientist, Dr Frank-N-Furter, was very nearly played as a German, explained Tim Curry, who changed his mind after over-hearing a woman with a posh English accent on a bus ride
Out of this world: Curry played a 'sweet transvestite' mad scientist who is building a new muscle man, Rocky, in his lab
While most of the cast reunited, actor Richard O'Brien, who played Riff-Raff and also wrote the music, book and lyrics for the original Rocky Horror play and film, was absent from the gathering.
However, he will star as The Narrator in a special two-hour performance of the show which will be broadcast on BBC America from London's Playhouse Theatre, in honor of the show's 40th anniversary later this month.
The production will premiere on BBC America October 18 at midnight, reports EW.
The cult Rocky Horror movie is often shown at midnight screenings, where devoted audience members dress-up like the campy, over-sexed characters and sing along to the movie.
Flashback: Actress Patricia Quinn starred as French maid Magenta
Pretty groovy: Tim Curry stole the show as an alien transvestite mad scientist
Popular: Fans have been dressing up as the over-the-top characters and attending sing-alongs at midnight screenings of Rocky Horror for decades
No doubt keen to cash in on its popularity, EW also reported that Fox will broadcast a remake of the classic film
The two-hour event will not be live, but will be directed, produced and choreographed by Kenny Ortega who also directed Hocus Pocus and the High School Musical trilogy.
Fox reportedly plans to stick to the text of the original 1973 play by Jim Sharman and Richard O'Brien.
The innuendo-laden film - which includes such classic songs as Sweet Transvestite and Hot Patootie - is, however, unlikely to receive the same original R rating by today's standards.
Up to 3,000 troops have been put on standby to run any prison hit by industrial action as a result of an imminent decision on whether to privatise some of Britain's biggest jails.
The justice secretary, Ken Clarke, is pressing Downing Street for approval to announce the winning bidders to run HMP Birmingham, HMP Buckley Hall in Rochdale, and a new "super-sized jail" on a site next to HMP Featherstone in Wolverhampton. The announcement is due before the end of the week.
The Prison Officers Association, which has a two-year-old mandate to take industrial action, up to and including strike action, in the event of any prison being privatised, is urging prison staff to hold gate meetings at the start of their shift the day after any such announcement, to discuss a strict work to rule.
Feelings are particularly strong at the 1,450-capacity Birmingham prison, which Jack Straw ordered to be market-tested when he was justice secretary after it was branded a "failing jail". Staff say they feel they worked hard to bring it up to a higher standard and don't want to see a private company profit from their hard work.
Colin Moses, POA chairman, said more than 500 prison officers went on the weekend's TUC anti-cuts march in London: "That is a massive contingent for us. It was the first time that we have marched alongside other trade unions."
Ministers got the agreement of the Ministry of Defence to train 2,000 to 3,000 regular soldiers in formal jailcraft earlier this year after studying the first national strike by the POA in 2007 when 90% of prison officers walked out for 12 hours. A reserve power to ban prison strikes was reintroduced the next year.
The army used to train its soldiers in staffing a jail as a matter of routine during the 1980s and 1990s but withdrew from the agreement 10 years ago in the face of the pressures of Iraq and other campaigns. The prisons minister, Crispin Blunt, a former army captain, got MoD approval a few months ago for up to 3,000 servicemen and women to be trained in prison craft such as how to lock down a wing, moving inmates around the prison safely, and understanding fire risks.
The numbers of soldiers who have been trained means that they could not provide cover for walkouts at more than a handful of prisons.
It is understood those involved are drawn mainly from the army's only prison, the military corrective training centre at Colchester, and elements of the RAF Regiment, which guards air force bases.
Although the prison service has also been talking to the police about contingency plans it is reluctant to get involved.
A Ministry of Justice spokesperson said: "Our aim is to avoid any form of industrial action and we will continue to talk to the unions to do everything possible to achieve this. However, given the risks and complexities involved in running prisons it is sensible and appropriate to review our contingency plans for dealing with widespread industrial action." She added that they were to ensure their contingency plans were "as strong as possible".
Bids from the public and private sectors were invited for the three prisons. It is believed that Serco and G4S, the largest UK private security companies, are involved in the bids.
Buckley Hall was one of the first jails to be privatised in 1994 but was taken back into the public sector in 2000. Featherstone 2 was initially earmarked as a Titan prison holding 2,500 inmates but has been scaled back to a "super-sized" 1,600 capacity.
Extensive New Product lineup Includes Chips, Modules and solutions to Embrace the Demand for Ultra High Definition Consumer Products
March 15, 2016 Palo Alto, CA and Toronto, ON (TSX: SEV) Spectra7 Microsystems Inc. ("Spectra7" or the "Company") today announced the launch of DreamWeVR™, an extensive product line targeted at next generation Ultra-HD and 5K resolution virtual reality ("VR") and augmented reality ("AR") platforms. The product line includes four new chips, new VR-specific connectors and three new head-mounted display ("HMD") interconnect configurations to support high-bandwidth, low-latency VR HMDs and AR glasses. When used together, these products deliver a more realistic, immersive, comfortable and excitingVR experience for consumers. The industry is currently at the dawn of VR and AR adoption and deployment in a market that, according to Digi-Capital, is expected to grow to USD$150 billion in 2020. While todays VR experiences are immersive and impressive, next generation systems promise to deliver significantly lighter weight, higher CPU/GPU performance and dramatically higher bandwidth feeding next generation ultra high resolution multi-display systems.
ADVANCED DISPLAY AND GESTURE CHIPS
These next generation systems require low latency interconnect technology that is dramatically faster, yet thinner and lighter in order to meet industrial design and performance goals. The performance improvement made by adopting 4K and 5K mobile display technology is stunning, given it can be fed with ultra thin wearable interconnects. Spectra7's new products achieve these requirements across the multiple display and interconnect protocols shown below:
VR8181 - HDMI 2.0 Embedded Cable Processor
- Delivers HDMI bandwidth of up to 18Gbps at 4K resolution;
- Delivers HDMI bandwidth of up to 18Gbps at 4K resolution; VR8200 - DisplayPort HBR2 Embedded Cable Processor
- Delivers DisplayPort bandwidth of up to 21.6Gbps at 4K resolution;
- Delivers DisplayPort bandwidth of up to 21.6Gbps at 4K resolution; VR8300 - DisplayPort HBR3 Embedded Cable Processor
- Delivers HDMI bandwidth of up to 32.4Gbps at 5K resolution for stunning 15 million pixel cinema grade video; and
- Delivers HDMI bandwidth of up to 32.4Gbps at 5K resolution for stunning 15 million pixel cinema grade video; and VR8050 - USB 3.1 Gen 2 Embedded Cable Processor
- Delivers up to 10Gbps of sensor/camera data for positional tracking, and gesture recognition.
The Company's new display chips allow VR and AR OEMs to deliver content over ultra-thin, low-latency cables at up to 100% higher bandwidth than first generation systems for greater VR immersion through higher resolution, color depth and frame rates.
Each of the four new chips feature Spectra7's new SpectraLinear™ EQ architecture that builds on previous advanced patented analog equalization technology developed by the Company, while incorporating a high linearity output driver that works in a highly collaborative way with device systems-on-a-chip ("SOC") and enables the highest total link performance.
VR / AR CONNECTOR
The Company is also pleased to announce its new MicroChroma™ VR/AR connectors which are designed specifically for the VR/AR market. Existing generic connectors do not meet the precise needs of this new application space due to limited pin count, limited power delivery, and bulky size. As many as four discreet connectors would be required to deliver what Spectra7's MicroChroma™ connector provides in a single, latching consumer connector for next-generation HMDs.
Measuring just 3.2mm high by 15.7mm wide, the 46-pin MicroChroma™ connector is ideally suited for thin, light, high-performance consumer VR interconnects. It has an extensive feature set for high speed signal integrity, low cost and high reliability.
ADVANCED INTERCONNECTS
Spectra7 has shipped over 20 million active consumer cables to date. The Company is pleased to announce the immediate availability of three DreamWeVR™ purpose-built interconnects for VR and AR applications: the VR9-Dx, VR10-Dx and VR11-Dx. These new products are engineered specifically for VR and AR applications where high speed, thinness, low latency, light weight and reliability are critical.
These products support HMD systems that connect to either standard or proprietary hosts such as game consoles, mobile phones, laptops or the new generation of PocketConsole™ Graphic Processing Units ("GPU's"). These DreamWeVr™ interconnects transport either standard or proprietary signaling and power, and may be tethered to, or removable from the HMD. Configuration options include VR-Junction™, VR-Control™ and VR-QuickRelease™ for ease of use and enhanced functionality. "The race for the most immersive wearable experience is on - across both the VR and AR market segments - and display resolution, weight and latency are the key differentiators", said Tony Stelliga, CEO of Spectra7. "Our new DreamWeVR™ products provide these burgeoning markets with what we believe to be best-in-class performance in these categories. These new products deliver resolution and speed improvements of up to 100% - across interconnect systems that are up to 50% thinner and lighter - made possible from the constant innovation and scalability of our patented technology."
The Company expects that the DreamWeVR™ product configurations will be available to the Company's growing list of Active Cable Manufacturing Partners ("ACMP's") and Active Cable OEM Partners ("ACOP's") in the second quarter of 2016.
ABOUT SPECTRA7 MICROSYSTEMS INC.
Spectra7 Microsystems Inc. is a high performance consumer connectivity company delivering unprecedented bandwidth, speed and resolution to enable disruptive industrial design for leading consumer electronics manufacturers in virtual reality, augmented reality, wearable computing, data centers and ultra-HD 4K/8K Displays. Spectra7 is based in Palo Alto, California and Markham, Ontario with a Design Center in Cork, Ireland.
CAUTIONARY NOTES
Certain statements contained in this press release constitute "forward-looking statements". All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this press release, including, without limitation, those regarding the Company's future financial position and results of operations, strategy, proposed acquisitions, plans, objectives, goals and targets, and any statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words "believe", "expect", "aim", "intend", "plan", "continue", "will", "may", "would", "anticipate", "estimate", "forecast", "predict", "project", "seek", "should" or similar expressions or the negative thereof, are forward-looking statements. These statements are not historical facts but instead represent only the Company's expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve assumptions, risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from what is expressed, implied or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, but are not limited to the risk factors discussed in the Company's annual MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2014 and the interim MD&A for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Management provides forward-looking statements because it believes they provide useful information to investors when considering their investment objectives and cautions investors not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information. Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements made in this press release are qualified by these cautionary statements and other cautionary statements or factors contained herein, and there can be no assurance that the actual results or developments will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences to, or effects on, the Company. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release and the Company assumes no obligation to update or revise them to reflect subsequent information, events or circumstances or otherwise, except as required by law.
For more information, please contact:
Sean Peasgood
Investor Relations
416-565-2805
ir@spectra7.com
Rob Chalmers
Capital Markets
647-402-7552
cm@spectra7.com
John Mitchell
Vice-President, Product Marketing
t: 650.269.3043
pr@spectra7.com
If there's one thing that should have been learned by the Democratic Party over the last thirty or so years, it's that running against the base is a recipe for failure in elections. This lesson, however, has been repeatedly ignored by most of the party's politicians. When one goes over the electoral cycles since 1980, it's clear that the DLC's "run-to-the-right" ploy has never actually won an election.
"But," you tell me, "Bill Clinton won in 1992 and 1996." This ignores the fact that independent candidate H. Ross Perot pulled enough votes away from the Republican nominees those years to swing the elections in the Democrat's favor.
After Democrats lost control of Congress in 1994, the party was unable to win it back until public disgust with the GOP had grown to such proportions that their defeat in 2006 was inevitable. Since winning back the Legislature, however, Democrats have for the most part continued to piss away any chance they might have had for shoring up their victory and securing a lasting majority. They've kept funding the illegal occupation of Iraq, have continued to rubber stamp the shrub's dismantling of the Constitution—even going so far as to protect him from impeachment for high crimes including treason, and basically let down the public on every issue of importance.
Barack Obama isn't even trying to win vital states such as Ohio; in the heart of the state's Democratic stronghold, the campaign hasn't even bothered to set up telephones for phone-banking—volunteers have to use their own devices to call voters. Furthermore, instead of going after frequently voting Democrats, Obama has his people reaching out to Republicans, most of whom have stated flat out that they have no intention of voting for him. I know this through several Democratic volunteers who've put their efforts into Obama's campaign. They are the eyewitnesses on the ground.
There's a reason Ohio's GOP voters did not deign to put J. Kenneth Blackwell in the governor's mansion: he's technically black. It didn't matter to them that he supported every bug-eyed insane policy and social position they did; his skin color was darker than theirs, so he could not be allowed to become governor. That Obama insists on trying to reach the still-strong bigot bloc, forsaking his own party's base in the process, is absolute stupidity. He's going to blow it for us again, just as John Kerry and Al Gore did before him. McCain will cheat his way to the dictatorship created by the shrub and his gargoyle, all because Obama wants to "play it safe" by running to appease the very wealthy.
How long shall Progressives continue to hold on to the fantasy that we can somehow reform the party from within? Yesterday I happened upon a diary at you-know-where that states flat out what I'm sure a majority of Americans are thinking: that it is foolishness to continue remaining a registered Democrat as long as the party's conservative wing controls it. And make no mistake, Obama is very much part of that conservative wing despite whatever denials his followers choose to engage in.
Sooner or later the Progressive base of the Democratic Party has got to wake up and realize that it is pointless to remain with people who always denounce, marginalize, and campaign against its interests. One might say that now is not the time to dump the Democratic Party, that there is too much at stake. To that I say that it's never going to be the "right time," because there's always going to be "too much at stake." Franklin Delano Roosevelt once said:
The country needs and, unless I mistake its temper, the country demands bold, persistent experimentation. It is common sense to take a method and try it: If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something. The millions who are in want will not stand by silently forever while the things to satisfy their needs are within easy reach. We need enthusiasm, imagination and the ability to face facts, even unpleasant ones, bravely. We need to correct, by drastic means if necessary, the faults in our economic system from which we now suffer.
And:
This is preeminently the time to speak the truth, the whole truth, frankly and boldly. Nor need we shrink from honestly facing conditions in our country today. This great Nation will endure as it has endured, will revive and will prosper. So, first of all, let me assert my firm belief that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself — nameless, unreasoning, unjustified terror which paralyzes needed efforts to convert retreat into advance. In every dark hour of our national life a leadership of frankness and vigor has met with that understanding and support of the people themselves which is essential to victory.
I agree with the Kos diarist: it's time for the Progressive base of the Democratic Party to face the unpleasant truth that we cannot and should not continue to waste our energies trying to reform from within a political party that long ago decided it wants to be something that runs contrary to everything we stand for. The stakes are indeed high, but we have to ask ourselves if it's worth another four to eight years of frustration as we watch our beloved country and our world fall further in the hellish pits of fascism and ruin. If Democrats as a whole will not represent Progressives, then we need to break away and form our own party so that our movement has genuine representation. If nothing else, it will send Democrats a wakeup call: they cannot continue to dismiss and ignore their party's base with impunity.
_______
Progressive-Independence.org
About author I'm from Ohio, and a registered member of the Green Party of Ohio.
An assortment of worry dolls.
Worry dolls (also named trouble dolls; Spanish Muñeca quitapena) are small, mostly hand-made dolls that originate from Guatemala and are also found in Mexico.
Description and material [ edit ]
Worry dolls are mostly hand-made. In Guatemala, they are made of wire, wool and colorful textile leftovers. The dolls are then dressed in traditional Mayan style. The size of the doll can vary between ½ inch and 2.0 inches.[1] In western culture,[specify] the dolls are mostly made of pressed paper, adhesive tape, paper and colorful wool. Here, the dolls can be remarkably larger in size.[2]
Function [ edit ]
In the dolls' original Guatemalan tradition, a local legend about the origin of the Muñeca quitapena refers to a Mayan princess named Ixmucane. The princess received a special gift from the sun god which would allow her to solve any problem a human could worry about.[2]
In traditional and modern times, worry dolls are given or lent to brooding and sorrowful children. They would tell their doll about their sorrows, fears and worries, then hide it under their pillow during the night. After this, the child will literally sleep over the whole thing. At the next morning, all sorrows are said to have been taken away by the worry doll.[3]
Worry dolls have also played a role in modern pediatrics and child psychiatry. During a psychological interview with children, some counselors have offered a worry doll to the child as some kind of imaginary, but trustworthy "listener", "allayer" and "contact person". The doll, in turn, will work for psychiatrists, psychologists, educators and parents as some kind of "agent" and "troubleshooter" between child and adult.[4][5]
Today, worry dolls are sold in huge quantity in Guatemala and Mexico. Nuns and poor children sell them to tourists as souvenirs. The dolls are quite popular since they are so small and thus easy to carry around.[6]
References [ edit ]
The owner of a pizza shop in Holon, near Tel Aviv, was arrested on Thursday night for allegedly lacing a pizza ordered by two policemen with a drug.
Both men, from the police's central district, fell ill after eating the pizza and were hospitalized with symptoms of vomiting, body tremors and dizziness. Tests conducted at the hospital revealed that they had imbibed a synthetic drug known as Mr. Nice Guy.
The pizza owner confessed to having laced the pizza eaten by the cops with the drug, Walla website reported.
"I knew the pizza was for the cops, but the guy I spoke with sounded cool on the phone and told me to put whatever I wanted on it," the pizza owner reportedly told the police after his arrest. "So, instead of oregano, I sprinkled Nice Guy."
The Israel Police said in response that they regarded the incident as serious and would be requesting a court order to close down the business on the grounds of public safety.
The shop owner was due to appear in court on Friday for extension of his remand.
Mr. Nice Guy is one of several so-called kiosk drugs that have grown massively in popularity in recent years. About a year ago, police announced that they had seized 3.5 tons of the chemicals used to make the drug from a warehouse in Be'er Sheva.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Microsoft today outlined a new Windows 10-like interface for corporate users of Office 365, the software-by-subscription program.
The new look will reach employees of firms that have registered with the Office 365 First Release track later this month. Others will begin to get the changed user interface (UI) in October as Microsoft rolls it out in stages.
"We're announcing a new version of the Office 365 App Launcher, which will provide improved discoverability to new and recently-used apps, additional customization options and search across all the services and applications you use in the Microsoft Cloud," Microsoft said in a post to a company blog Wednesday.
As its name implies, the Office 365 App Launcher lets users fire up various Office 365 applications and services. Currently, the launcher -- which is revealed with a click on a symbol at the upper left of each user's Office 365 web page -- is a square grid of identically-sized icons.
The new UI will resemble the Windows 10 Start menu, in that the app or service icons -- Microsoft dubs them "tiles" -- can be moved, resized and pinned in place. Also, company-specific apps added by IT will no longer be sequestered to a secondary screen; their tiles will be put front and center if desired.
At some future point, Microsoft plans to add access to recently-retrieved documents to the App Launcher.
Only customers provided with Exchange as part of their Office 365 plan will see the new UI, Microsoft said. At launch, company administrators will not be able to specify a firm-wide structure for the Start-style launcher, but Microsoft said that it is "working to enable greater control for Office 365 administrators."
Microsoft Microsoft plans to Windows 10-ify the Office 365 App Launcher, letting users craft a Start menu look-a-like to navigate through the subscription's apps and services.
This story, "Microsoft morphs Office 365 UI into Windows Mobile Start menu clone" was originally published by Computerworld .
NewsAbortion, Homosexuality, Politics - U.S.
ST. LOUIS, October 9, 2016 (LifeSiteNews) – After the first presidential debate this year was entirely silent on the moral issues affecting the cause for life and family, Sunday's second debate nearly followed suit until the closing minutes, when an audience member asked the candidates for their views on Supreme Court appointments.
The issues came up as Hillary Clinton renewed her vow to appoint pro-abortion and pro-same-sex "marriage" justices, and at the same time took the opportunity to attack Donald Trump on his support for pro-life and pro-family justices.
“I want a Supreme Court that will stick with Roe v. Wade and a woman's right to choose and I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality,” the Democratic presidential nominee said at the end of Sunday's presidential debate.
“Donald has put forward the names of some people he would consider and among the ones that he has suggested are people who would reverse Roe v. Wade and reverse marriage equality,” she continued. “I think that would be a terrible mistake and would take us backwards.”
Trump responded by saying he is “looking to appoint justices very much in the mold of Justice Scalia…people that will respect the Constitution of the United States.” He did not mention abortion or same-sex “marriage.”
The debate, the second of three, came in the wake of the release of a hot microphone tape from 2005 in which Trump made shockingly lewd remarks about groping women. In the opening segment focused on this tape, Trump denied ever sexually assaulting anyone. He fired back against Clinton's criticism by pointing out that her husband has been accused of raping women and that as a lawyer, Clinton defended a man who allegedly raped a 12-year-old girl.
The candidates blasted each other's foreign policy, healthcare, and tax positions before finally touching on the Supreme Court minutes before the debate ended.
Trump called Scalia a “great judge” and said the names of potential Supreme Court justices he has floated have been “very beautifully reviewed by just about everybody.”
Clinton has not released the names of anyone she would potentially nominate to the Supreme Court.
“Obamacare is a disaster,” Trump said of the Affordable Care Act, which funds abortions in some states. Its many regulations may end up funding “sex change” surgeries as well. Clinton defended President Obama's signature legislation and said she would “fix” it rather than repeal it.
Neither candidate mentioned abortion or same-sex “marriage” in the first debate.
Roe v. Wade and its sister case Doe v. Bolton allow unlimited abortion on demand throughout all nine months of pregnancy. The United States has some of the most liberal abortion laws in the world.
Since the Supreme Court redefined marriage to include same-sex couples in Obergefell v. Hodges, numerous religious business owners have faced discrimination for refusing to participate in same-sex ceremonies.
Paul Merson tells Gabriel Agbonlahor to stay at home for his own safety
Gabriel Agbonlahor has played in three games this year
Paul Merson has urged Gabriel Agbonlahor not to go out in Birmingham for his own safety after he was suspended by Aston Villa this week.
The club's captain was photographed on the front page of The Sun newspaper partying and allegedly using a legal high on Saturday night, just hours after Villa's relegation from the Premier League was confirmed.
Agbonlahor has been suspended pending an internal investigation and former Villa player Merson says it would be dangerous for him to be seen in bars and clubs in the city over the next few months.
"In this day and age you've got to have a bit of respect," Merson told the Fantasy Football Club Podcast.
"I'd be sitting down with him now and strongly advising him not to go out in Birmingham for a long time because it will be dangerous for him.
"Villa fans pay a lot of money and they are very passionate. I think he would be in danger, if I'm being honest.
"He is getting blamed left, right and centre, but it's not just Agbonlahor, it's the club as well. It's not just Agbonlahor who has sent them down for what he's been doing in the last couple of weeks; it's the club and all the decisions."
Aston Villa's Joleon Lescott was criticised for describing relegation as a "weight off your shoulders"
Villa defender Joleon Lescott also hit the headlines this weekend after he was quoted as saying relegation was "a weight off the shoulders".
But Merson defended the centre-half, insisting his words have been taken out of context.
"I wouldn't blame him," he added.
"He didn't mean it the way it came out. I thought he meant that they could concentrate on next season.
"He wants to stay and fair enough to him. If you're on that kind of money you'd want to stay anyway wouldn't you? You're not going to get that somewhere else.
"He got stick for not meaning what he said."
Play 04:14 Play 04:14 Contenders: Rahul Dravid and Graeme Smith on the World Cup format
Former India captain Rahul Dravid and former South Africa captain Graeme Smith have given a thumbs down to the format of the World Cup starting in Australia and New Zealand on February 14. They were speaking on CONTENDERS, an ESPNcricinfo special programme building up to the tournament.
"It's almost easy barring the odd upset or someone really has a bad tournament; you can almost predict who the top eight will be sitting here in the studio today," Dravid said. "There comes a time in a tournament like this - and I sensed it a little bit during the last World Cup when I wasn't playing but just watching - that everyone starts to wait for the quarterfinals. Sure, in between you have some big games as well but you know eventually that these are going to be the best eight teams."
Smith was of the view that the format allows for a few "soft games" to be played. "As a team you know who is going to qualify but you are just trying to get some confidence out of that first phase and you don't want to mess up against one of the minnows, which is always a challenge as a top Test nation. You want to qualify for the quarterfinals as soon as possible."
The 14 participating teams at the World Cup have been divided into two groups of seven each. Every team plays the other six in its group once. The four top teams from each group qualify for the quarterfinals. The same format was followed for the 2011 World Cup and much like that tournament it is expected that the top eight Test nations will go through to the knockout stages with Bangladesh, Zimbabwe and the four Associate teams - Ireland, Scotland, UAE and Afghanistan - missing out.
Smith said that the 2007 and 2011 World Cups, where he led South Africa, were "very long." "You start the tournament with this great hype and then it hits a lull. In both tournaments we had 10-12 day breaks between games at some stages which is a long time to just sit around in parts of another country in a World Cup. The experiences I have had with the football and rugby World Cups is that every weekend there is a big challenge and you are looking forward to the next game. I think that's crucial for us to create to keep cricket on the map around the world: keeping it competitive."
Dravid said "the best format" was that of the 1999 and 2003 World Cups, where the group stage was followed by the super sixes before the semifinals and the final. "You had to play well throughout the tournament. It gave you a bit of a chance to recover, if you started off slowly as we did in 2003. When three teams qualified for the super six stage, every game mattered. Points got carried over as well, so you knew you couldn't relax in any of the games because if you lose a game, you don't get to carry over those points.
"They need to just tighten it up, ensure that it's a shorter tournament and have a format where it's just not easy to predict who the top eight teams are going to be. There should be some tension in the top eight sides that if they mess up they won't qualify for the super sixes."
Smith said the presence of four Associate sides undermined the status of the World Cup as "cricket's iconic event."
"People tune in to watch this event from around the world. If you look at the marketing events teams are having in their own countries, there is great interest in this event. I feel that tournaments like the World T20 and Champions Trophy will be an opportune time to give these nations the chance to play but I think the ICC needs to incentivise these nations more so they grow on a consistent basis, not just give them a World Cup every four years. Help these nations grow, then the pool of cricket is growing and getting stronger and stronger. I think throwing them into an event like this every four years is a bit hit-and-miss and takes away from what is an iconic event for cricket."
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
DIGG THIS
My wife often rolls her eyes at me, because once I find a new hobby I latch onto it as though life depended on it. The more arbitrary the nature of the hobby, the less she's impressed with it. So imagine her immense delight when, a year ago, the only thing I would talk about with her was Linux.
From Ignorance to Bliss
Yes, Linux. When I was in middle school and high school, Linux was a strange, inaccessible beast. The kind of thing only the most dedicated computer nerds knew anything about. Although I had seen it in action once, all I gathered from the experience was that Linux amounted to a lot of garbled text manipulated by dry command lines. Furthermore, it didn't run any useful programs. I simply couldn't see the point in using it.
Many years later, I was clicking around Wikipedia one day and stumbled on a treasure-trove of articles on Linux. To my surprise, I discovered that not only was Linux still around, it was thriving! Next to the articles were beautiful pictures of clean desktops and full-featured applications.
This discovery left me in disbelief. Was it true that Linux could be functional, user-friendly, even aesthetically pleasing? My gut reaction was that it wasn't possible. Operating systems are complex animals, and they need constant tinkering and improvement by professionals to function. They need commercial support and proprietary business models. Sure, Windows had its issues, but could a bunch of unorganized programmers working in their free time really do better?
Yet slowly I realized that everything I enjoyed most about my computer experience was now rooted in free and/or open-source software and services. I was already taking Firefox for granted, using a free media player, constantly looking things up in Wikipedia, and making extensive use of Gmail, Reader, and other Google applications. In fact, the only Microsoft product I still used with any regularity was the basic Windows XP operating system itself.
It was clear to me that all of these free and/or open-source products were outdoing their corporate, end-user-pays competition. And if this could be true for web browsers, music and video players, CD/DVD burners, spreadsheets, etc., then why not also for the operating system?
The time had come to leave Microsoft behind for good.
How do I describe what it was like to switch to Linux? Do you remember those first few months after you switched from Internet Explorer to Firefox? It was only a web browser, but suddenly your entire world seemed to change. Pop-ups, ads, spyware, harmful viruses, security risks of every variety: gone. The program loaded mere seconds after you clicked on its icon, would perform tasks without delay, and rarely froze or “encountered a problem and had to quit.” And tabbed browsing! The world of web surfing had truly been revolutionized.
Linux is to Windows what Firefox is to Internet Explorer, and it is so even more intensely — in fact, by orders of magnitude. Firefox gives Windows users some security for the web, but in Linux there are no known viruses or spyware programs, period. I found a massive increase in the performance of my older machine after leaving XP's bloated frame behind. My computer feels sleek, responsive, and much more streamlined. (Start-up comparison times: XP, about three minutes; Linux, about one minute.) And then there is the wonderful, liberating feeling of using free, open-source software almost exclusively — including several of the applications that I enjoyed while in Windows.
And I'm not the only one who feels this way. The market loves Linux; that is why it is thriving.
Linux as Example of Market Decentralization
I admit that I am a helpless holistic thinker. In my twisted view of the world, economics, ethics, theology, aesthetics, political philosophy, relationships, hobbies, etc. all converge in various places and share foundational truths. The result is that I often cause others to raise an eyebrow as I make comparisons. Yet I can't help but draw a few libertarian observations from my experience with Linux, including the free and open-source software communities at large.
Linux serves as a marvelous example of market processes in action: human beings with harmonious goals helping each other reach them. It has been developed through decentralized collaboration by programmers from around the world.
In Leonard Read's great essay, I, Pencil, there may not be a single person who knows how to build the pencil, but there can be a single visionary who brings it about. The entrepreneur coordinates the efforts of his workers, raw material providers, and factory equipment. Open source software has taken this one step further: who could have guessed that a project with no central planner in any meaningful sense could have had such powerful results? Yet here it is, at once the product of thousands of hands, and still unified.
The Linux community embodies a fantastic spirit of voluntary association, which should be cited more often by libertarians as an example of how cooperation benefits everyone. Anti-capitalist interlocutors often make the assumption that libertarians would actually prefer a world chalk-full of toll booths and pay-as-you-go schemes for things that are currently free! (This kind of twisted thinking led to one Microsoft official labeling Linux as a kind of “communism.” Fortunately, these remarks have been thoroughly debunked elsewhere — Linux is capitalist!)
There is no greater betrayal of libertarian values than intruding on voluntary interaction and foisting some other ideal onto innocent victims. The free software community is constituted by countless developers sacrificing millions of collective hours in service of others. What could be more libertarian than simply allowing them to continue such noble activity in peace? Everyone benefits.
Open Source and the Stateless Society
Linux may even serve as an example of how important projects will function in a post-state society. All open-source software invariably uses geographically-spread efforts. Contributors are connected because of common interests and goals, not through mere coincidence of location. Over time, organizations — and especially those dealing in digital services — are going to become increasingly untethered by geography. Were the State to dissolve, the importance and benefits of these arrangements would only become more apparent.
Open-source projects are a logical development of the division of labor. In today's market, if I set out to run an efficient software company, I do not need to own suburban office space, an office network, meeting rooms, or even any colleagues living in the same country. I need not even directly oversee their efforts or control the boundaries of what they may do. The attempt to centralize these resources into a single geographical location and point of command can, in fact, dramatically limit my potential talent pool.
Recognizing the meaninglessness of political borders to human flourishing is an important step in societal development. Open source projects unlock this mystery before our eyes and serve as examples of social cooperation that stretches beyond traditional boundaries.
Switching to Linux (Closing Sentiments)
Linux is not for everyone, to be sure. (At least, not yet.) The most commonly asked question by those considering it is “But will it run program X?” The amount of software available for Linux systems is rather impressive, but not yet comprehensive. Dedicated gamers and those who are using their computer for specialized professional applications often find that they cannot always do what they need to with Linux alone.
Yet the number of people who use at least one of their computers (or laptops) solely for word processing, e-mail, web browsing, and the occasional game grows by the day. Unfortunately, most of these users have not considered the possibility of breaking away from Windows and the advantages to be had in an alternate operating system. This is a tragedy, because there has never been a better time to make the switch.
For the vast majority of ordinary users, any one of the most popular distributions (for example, Ubuntu, openSUSE, or MEPIS) can change your home computing experience for the better. For those willing to do just a little bit of research, it is very easy to find a distribution of Linux that suits exactly your needs. There are distributions of every variety and in every major language in existence. Several of them are even more user-friendly and easier to install and run than a base Windows package.
There is also, as I hope to have shown, an important ideological advantage in switching to Linux. The benefits of free and open-source software are ripe for picking and exciting to explore. Linux fosters an incredible community of helpful enthusiasts dedicated to enriching each other's computing experience. It taps into the great and noble “art for art's sake” tradition of human endeavor. Its developers do not profit from (or justify aggression using) invalid claims to intellectual property. They do not use the State as their strong man to muscle out competitors. They do not suffer from, as Microsoft and even Apple do, the insulation from market feedback that all massive, bureaucratic corporations incur.
It is one of the finest examples of beneficial social cooperation in our society.
My thanks to Robert Wicks and Manuel Lora for helpful feedback and ideas for this article.
September 11, 2008
The Best of Daniel Coleman
Thiruvananthapuram: A professor of the Newman College in Thodupuzha, central Kerala, who has been under suspension over a controversial question in an examination paper, had his right hand hacked. He suffered other grievous injuries in a morning attack Sunday by unidentified assailants.
The professor, T.J. Joseph, was returning from church around 8am local time when a gang armed with weapons including knives and axes pulled him out of the car in Muvattupuzha and hacked his hand. His 83-year-old mother and his sister, a nun, witnessed the incident.
Joseph had been suspended after one of the questions he gave his students in March this year was considered defamatory to Islam. Following the incident yesterday, police were immediately on the investigation trail and found a car in which the assailants were suspected to have travelled to commit the crime.
The vehicle was traced to Nellikunnu near Muvattupuzha.
The assailants threw Joseph's severed hand away before fleeing. It was later recovered. Joseph was rushed first to a hospital in Muvattupuzha and later to a hospital in Kochi where he underwent surgery.
"There were many people in the car. They broke the windows of our car with axes and pulled him out and hacked him," Joseph's sister, Sr Stella, who was visiting him, said. Joseph's octogenarian mother also suffered minor injuries in the incident.
The chilling incident shocked the state. Home Minister Kodiyeri Balakrishnan said it had to be investigated whether the assailants had any links to fundamental groups or terrorist organisations.
Indian Union Muslim League chief Panakkad Hyderali Shihab Thangal was among the first to condemn the crime. Catholic church spokesperson Stephen Alathara said the professor had been suspended for his controversial act, and that a wrong cannot be corrected with another wrong.
I'm an independent gameplay and tools engineering contractor, currently based in Edinburgh, UK. I work with a wide variety of clients, from individuals looking for someone to build their dream game to independent studios and startups that need a talented professional to help to develop their projects. I graduated from Birmingham City University, with First-class Honours in BSc. Interactive Entertainment: Game Development, and have commercial AAA programming experience working as an Online Tools Designer at Rockstar North.
As an independent contractor, I take a lot of joy in being able to continually work on a variety of different projects as it forces me to interact with new technologies, work with new people and consistently allow me to keep growing and learning. There's nothing like the freedom of being able to always work on the most interesting up-and-coming opportunities that present themselves to you. My passion truly lies in game development. I love being able to design and develop interactive experiences that can be enjoyed globally by a wide-range of different audiences. I also love being able to create and experiment with the development of indie tools, as it gives me a chance to try and give back to the community I work in and hopefully make the lives of my fellow developers easier.
If I'm not working hard with clients, I'm probably working on a personal project, participating in a game jam, powerlifting or exploring the gorgeous highlands of my local area.
I'm always on the lookout for new clients with interesting projects to work on, so if you think that's you, send me an email!
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Jan. 9 (UPI) -- Lawrence Molnar, a professor of astronomy and physics at Calvin College, has crunched the numbers on KIC 9832227, a contact binary star system.
According to his math, the two stars will collide and explode in 2022, generating a red nova. The light generated by the explosion will register at a magnitude 2 -- as bright as Polaris, the North Star.
"It's a one-in-a-million chance that you can predict an explosion," Molnar said in a news release announcing his forecast. "It's never been done before."
Molnar's prediction isn't based on a hunch. Nor did he make it without some help. The work to understand began in 2013, when a study of KIC 9832227 conducted by Karen Kinemuchi presented astronomers with a question: is the object a pulsating star or a binary?
A research assistant at Calvin, Daniel Van Noord, took on the challenge.
"He looked at how the color of the star correlated with brightness and determined it was definitely a binary," said Molnar. "In fact, he discovered it was actually a contact binary, in which the two stars share a common atmosphere, like two peanuts sharing a single shell."
"From there Dan determined a precise orbital period from Kinemuchi's Kepler satellite data -- just under 11 hours -- and was surprised to discover that the period was slightly less than that shown by earlier data," Molnar continued.
RELATED Astronomers discover cosmic particle accelerator
In other words, the two stars were getting closer and closer. The question of a collision isn't if when.
To make sense of the data he was looking at, Molnar reviewed a study of another contact binary system, V1309 Scorpii -- one that ended with an explosion. He compared the specifics of the two systems, and the parameters of V1309 Scorpii's death spiral, as detailed by astronomer Romuald Tylenda.
Molnar combined the previous astronomical records and the newest observational data to develop a mathematical system for predicting the impending collision of the two stars in KIC 9832227.
Another complex study to determine whether Molnar was right or not won't be necessary. If his prediction is correct, the evidence will appear in the sky in the form of a new star in the constellation of Cygnus. The brightness will be visible for six months.
"The orbital timing can be checked by amateur astronomers," said Molnar. "It's amazing the equipment amateur astronomers have these days. They can measure the brightness variations with time of this 12th magnitude star as it eclipses and see for themselves if it is continuing on the schedule we are predicting or not."
When you are married, you might as well wake up every morning, go look at yourself in the mirror and say, “Fuck you. Fuck your dreams, your ambitions and anything else that is important to you. It's all about her.”
-Chris Rock
In our efforts to understand and quantify women‘s power, we are hobbled by the fact that our culture has very, very limited ways to articulate the nature of that power. In fact, we live largely in denial of the massive amount of muscle and sway inherent to being female, and are under any number of cultural pressures, reinforced by massive societal denial, to act as though that power does not exist.
What would seem to be a minor example of this at work can be seen every time your spell check redlines the word misandry. Though this is actually not so minor. A culture that refuses to acknowledge that a perfectly legitimate word exists on paper, is in effect denying its existence to the collective consciousness. And when such prejudicial elimination of ideas runs unchecked, it not only has the power to skew attitudes and perspectives, but also to shape law and policy, education and public awareness. Misandry runs rampant because misandry does not exist.
Women need empowerment, and always will, because women's power itself does not exist.
We do have one exception to this. It is the “I am woman, hear me roar,” exception. We are bound as members of this society to proclaim women to be powerful, capable equals to men, even as we are also shackled to the opinion that women are the subjugated victims of oppression by the men who they are supposedly equal to. In its own ironic and completely contradictory way, the “I am woman,” exception is just a publicly mandated, schmaltzy affirmation of the Stuart Smalley variety. We are all compulsory grrl power cheer leaders, chanting therapeutic mantras at women about a kind of power they do not have, and never have had.
And it only serves to lead us further astray from the very real power that they do possess.
We don't have common expressions like “female dominance,” or “matriarchal oppression,” and despite their absolute legitimacy, as sure as we use them 98% of the public will roll their eyes in summary dismissal, thus demonstrating another aspect of overarching female power that bears no name, and therefore does not exist.
It is like trying to describe a cloud without being able to use the word itself- to a world that does not believe in clouds. We are limited to talking around the subject; we present our meanings in metaphors and similes and anecdotes. We may describe how the power of accusation from women often ruins innocent men, or how men go in to family court at a complete disadvantage by virtue of having a penis, rather not having a vagina, but we really have precious little language to address all this directly. As a result, much of what we say is dismissed as hyperbolic and overly reactionary.
It's the female advantage to have power that is at once overbearing and invisible; everywhere and nowhere.
But this is beginning to change, thanks to the MRM. Growing numbers of men and women are now aware of misandry, despite their spell checks continued ignorance of it. And with the furtherance of the use of that word, we are not only pushing another addition to the lexicon, but some very key ideas that go with it.
Women can, and do, irrationally hate every bit as much as men.
Women can be sexist, and many are.
Men can be self hating, and many are.
That is the power of a single word, and the more it is forced into mainstream use, the more, albeit slowly, that attitudes begin to change. We are not there yet, but the day is coming that misandry will take its place alongside misogyny in the collective consciousness, and people will have a hard time thinking of one without a cognizance of the other. Language is the locus of social change.
In that spirit, I am continuing the Zeta Game series with a focus on not only reversing the polarity of the power flow between men and women, but on attempting to infuse some more meaning and clarity into the language we use when doing it. And I can best start by taking a word that has been popping up in the Game dialog for some time now.
Hypergamy.
The word is literally defined as the custom of women marrying up, or marrying men who have a higher socioeconomic status than women possess on their own. Gamesters have already expanded on it to describe women's natural inclination to be sexually stimulated in the presence of powerful men. I read a recent comment in another forum saying that even the most committed of married women will get the ‘gina tingle in the presence of such men, even when ugly ass Henry Kissinger walks into a room.
I have no doubt it is true.
But there is much more to hypergamy, and at the very least it serves the purpose of men well to revise and expand upon our understanding of it, and include that into our common language.
First we should consider that the literal definition of hypergamy and the Game definition both point to the same outcome- women with access to, and use of, the power generated by men.
That power can come in many different forms, and will be pursued differently by different women, especially at different points in their lives.
A younger woman may be attracted to the immediate presence of personal power via thug attraction, while an older, more sophisticated woman will be turned on by a successful man of means. There is, in the biological sense, not one iota of difference between the two women. Both get hot and bothered by what they hope to eventually have control over.
So whether the ‘gina tingle is sparked by a guy on a Harley or a guy with a Harley factory, they are tingling over essentially the same thing.
Both women will enter the relationship in honeymoon phase, but will eventually use the tried and tested methods of sexual manipulation and/or emotional blackmail to put the man on a leash and start assuming ownership of everything he produces, including money, home and personal time.
The average woman will become increasingly demanding and insistent that the energy all revolve around her, and the standard response is for the man to acquiesce. And as I wrote about in my essay, “A Prayer for Joe Bob,” this is where we also see the man lose more and more of himself to her wishes and whims.
Women don't just marry up. They are on constant alert to better deal themselves, even within, especially within, their current relationships. They enter relationships with the intent to eventually exert total control over them. I saw a woman wearing a T-shirt once that said it as succinctly as I have ever seen it.
More me. Less you.
To illustrate the point further I am reminded of one of the questions I used to ask in the men's groups I facilitated.
“How many of you,” I would ask, “have ever had the feeling that you wanted to pull all of your hair out by the roots and scream bloody murder because no matter what you did, she was not happy with it and wanted more?”
The roughly 5% of men who answered this question in the negative were all gay.
Even men that claimed to be happily married were able to relate to this frustration, and indeed many of those men attributed their “happy marriage” to the fact that they gave their wives whatever they wanted with no questions.
I call this hypergamy in action, and it is a form of exercised power that is unequaled in its ability to control a man's life- and it is all but universal to the male experience.
For men who desire the ability to avoid that trap, giving hypergamy an expanded definition (and yes, I can do that if I want to) is in order.
Hypergamy is the innate tendency in women to reduce men to mere utilitarian value, to extract as much personal use from men as possible. And to continue to do so until the man is used up. In short, hypergamy is the universal drive in women to turn men into appliances, and whether that appliance is a dildo or an ATM or both, makes little difference. And the hell with NAWALT, in one way or another ALL heterosexual women practice hypergamy, and my money is on the idea that most lesbians do as well. It is biological programming, not conscious choice, so hating women for it is about as useful as hating men for liking tits and ass. And besides, one need not hate women to understand and counteract hypergamy. Indeed, it is quite possible to force any woman you are connected to into more or less chasing her tail in circles with her hypergamous tendencies, leaving her to experience the frustration that she usually is the one to inflict. And it does not require scheming, manipulation, dishonesty or any of the other less savory aspects of non Zeta Game. In fact, it demands that you do just the opposite of those things and operate only in honest, direct ways that scream self assurance and self awareness. I will cross that bridge in the next article, Hypergamy Crossroads.
Hell has not frozen over in Istanbul - the temperature still rarely drops below five degrees centigrade at night in January by the Bosphorus - but the bulldozers are moving in.
Very soon the famous - and many fans of western Europe clubs would say infamous - Ali Sami Yen Stadium will be nothing more than rubble and a memory, soon to become a shopping centre.
No longer will the Galatasaray fans unfurl their legendary banners, which greeted foreign opponents and local rivals alike, with the announcement 'Welcome to Hell'. No more flaming torches will be lit - emblematic of Galatasaray's yellow and red colours that the club's founder Ali Sami Yen chose because they looked like fire - and the deafening drums have been silenced.
"I've never experienced anything like Galatasaray," reflected Ryan Giggs after one of several visits to the Ali Sami Yen by Manchester United during the mid-90s.
"Two hours before kick-off, we went out to have a look at the pitch and the stadium was packed! The chanting was brilliant. One side starts, then the other, then quiet, then all of them chanting. The players really enjoyed it. Before it was good, after it wasn't!"
The Ali Sami Yen Stadium was an intimidating place. Photo: Getty Images
In recent years, Galatasaray fans have been less successful at unnerving their opponents from abroad as, since 2002, the club has been playing its big European matches at the nearby Ataturk Olympic Stadium.
However, the Ali Sami Yen will still go down in European Cup and Champions League folklore as the scene of many famous European victories by the Turkish giants, often upsetting the odds against the likes of Barcelona and Real Madrid.
The final game in the stadium, which took place last week, was a low-key affair considering its history, a Turkish Cup match which saw the hosts make hard work of beating third division side Beypazarı Sekerspor 3-1
Former Sheffield United striker Colin Kazim-Richards, known in Istanbul as Kazim-Kazim, scored the final goal, opening his account on his Galatasaray debut after moving from bitter rivals Fenerbahce earlier this month.
Once the football was over, many on the pitch and in the stands had tears in their eyes as they said farewell in their various ways.
The Galatasaray players gathered in the centre circle to applaud their fans and listen to them sing songs late into the night; a famous Turkish news presenter Ali Kırca read a long poem eulogising the stadium; and current Galatasaray coach Gheorghe Hagi was joined by colleagues from the team that won the Uefa Cup and Uefa Super Cup in 2000.
The Uefa Cup triumph, which came via a penalty shoot-out against Arsenal following an ill-tempered 0-0 draw in Copenhagen, still remains the only occasion a Turkish club has won a European competition.
Despite the nostalgia that always accompanies such occasions - think about Arsenal leaving Highbury and Manchester City departing Maine Road - perhaps the time had come for a change of scenery.
The new Turk Telecom Arena, which has quickly become also known as the Aslantepe - or "Lion Hill" - after the district in which it is located, has a capacity of 52,695, more than double the number of spectators that the Ali Sami Yen could hold after it became an all-seater arena in 1996.
"The new stadium is beautiful. It opens a new page and I hope we can begin to re-write history here," said Hagi last week. "Now we have to get used to it, although that may take a few matches. However, I still believe that in one or two years this club can return to being one of the top teams in Europe."
Galatasaray will be playing their football at the Turk Telecom Arena
Things have not gone well for Galatasaray at their old ground in the last couple of seasons, with maybe some of its old mystique ebbing away ever since preparations to move were finalised in 2007 and construction started on the new stadium.
Last year, they finished third in Turkey's Super Lig but were 11 points adrift of Bursaspor, who claimed their debut title to become the first team from outside of Istanbul to win since Trabzonspor in 1984.
The season before, Galatasaray had finished back in fifth, a dismal outcome for a club that had won the league in 2005/6 and then 2007/8 to c;aim their 17th title since the Super Lig started in 1959 and draw level with Fenerbahce.
Galatasaray did qualify for this season's Europa League but their campaign was over almost before it started. They crashed out of the competition in the third qualifying round, losing on away goals to the Ukrainian minnows FC Karpaty Lviv.
The defeat, especially with Galatasaray's previous European success being prized so highly, as good as signalled the end for Frank Rijkaard, in his first coaching job since leaving Barcelona, although he hung on until mid-October.
Fortunes have not improved much for Galatasaray icon Hagi, who is in his second stint as coach of the club. His team is languishing 10th in the table, with Trabzonspor holding a five-point lead over Bursaspor at the halfway point in the season after losing only one game all season in the league.
Hagi, who also starred as a player for Romania and Barcelona, has lost four of his nine league games since taking charge. One of those losses came at the hands of Besiktas in the last Istanbul derby at the Ali Sami Yen. That 2-1 defeat at the end of November was followed by a 2-0 loss to lowly Ankara side Genclerbirligi in the last league match at the historic venue on 11 December.
The second half of the Turkish season, after a month-long winter break, kicks off this weekend. Galatasaray play host to Sivasspor, runners-up two seasons ago but who are also going through a difficult time, hovering only one place above the relegation zone.
Hagi must be hoping that a change of home brings about a change of fortune.
This article is over 2 years old
Panama Papers show Ian Cameron apparently ‘jurisdiction shopping' for best haven to secure his Blairmore Holdings fund
David Cameron's father took detailed legal advice about the pros and cons of different tax havens before the fund he had helped set up was transferred to Ireland, the Guardian can reveal.
A leading international law firm wrote an analysis of the Cayman Islands and Bermuda as possible places to host Blairmore Holdings Inc, as it considered whether to “migrate” the investment fund from Panama.
Blairmore was moved in June 2012 to Ireland – another tax haven with many of the advantages of offshore jurisdictions.
The Panama Papers highlight how Blairmore's directors wanted to continue to avoid paying UK taxes at a time when David Cameron was already the leader of the Conservative party.
And the move to Ireland came in the same month as Cameron, by then prime minister, was railing against tax avoidance schemes, describing them as morally unacceptable.
“Some of these schemes we have seen are quite frankly morally wrong,” he said.
Awkward questions
This latest disclosure will add to the awkward questions facing Downing Street from the Panama Papers leak.
While Cameron has insisted he will not benefit from any offshore funds in the future, he has not said whether he benefited in the past.
Fund run by David Cameron's father avoided paying tax in Britain Read more
Papers seen by the Guardian show the directors of Blairmore sought advice from the London solicitors Simmons & Simmons in March 2008.
They were seeking guidance on the advantages and disadvantages of moving Blairmore, which was set up in 1982 with the help of Cameron's father, Ian. The fund was registered in Panama by Mossack Fonseca, the firm at the centre of the Panama Papers leak.
The legal advice was written for Cameron Sr and other directors, who appear to have been “jurisdiction shopping” for the best place to secure the fund in the future.
At the time, Panama was coming under pressure from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development over the secretive nature of its regime.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A provate security guard stands outside the building where Panama-based Mossack Fonseca law firm is based, in Panama City. Photograph: Rodrigo Arangua/AFP/Getty Images
The five-page analysis was written by a lawyer who set out the benefits of different Caribbean islands, noting that in one, the “level of actual regulation is very light”.
“Both the Cayman Islands and Bermuda are considered market-leading offshore financial centres with sophisticated investment fund infrastructures,” noted a lawyer at Simmons & Simmons.
“Both offer political stability, an abundance of professional service providers and responsive regulatory bodies.”
The document explains how much it would cost Blairmore to transfer to Bermuda or the Caymans.
Simmons & Simmons said it would charge £40,000-£50,000 for a transfer to either jurisdiction. It recommended additional support from another law firm.
To move registration to Bermuda would cost Blairmore an additional $6,000 for work carried out in the Caribbean, and £15,000-£17,000 in London.
The Cayman move would cost $7,300 on the island and £15,000-£17,000 in London.
Mossack Fonseca would charge $4,500 for either move.
Simmons also noted that: “In general, regulatory intervention in Bermuda is considered slightly heavier than in some other offshore jurisdictions.”
The memo also highlights the advantages of operating in the Cayman Islands.
It explains: “The Cayman Islands is by far the jurisdiction of choice for hedge funds and hedge-fund managers. By June 2007, over 8,300 registered mutual funds were operating in the Cayman Islands.”
Ian Cameron died in September 2010. In June 2012, the fund was shifted to Ireland, where it is subject to EU regulations – which would have made it much easier to market to European investors.
An email in the Panama Papers between Mossack Fonseca employees discusses the transfer to the different jurisdiction.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Jimmy Carr was criticised by David Cameron over his tax arrangements, which he later changed. Photograph: Ken McKay/ITV/Rex Shutterstock
It says: “While most of the holdings and cash will transfer out to the new Irish fund, we will leave some funds behind – this will be less than 0.5% of the fund's total assets. There will be some cash left to pay invoices and also a few companies which have not yet been sold and are not eligible [for regulatory reasons] in the new Irish fund.”
Blairmore Holdings, named after the Cameron family's ancestral home in Aberdeenshire, has managed tens of millions of pounds on behalf of wealthy families.
Clients have included Isidore Kerman, an adviser to Robert Maxwell who once owned the West End restaurants Scott's and J Sheekey, and Leopold Joseph, a private bank used by the Rolling Stones.
The Guardian has confirmed that in 30 years Blairmore has never paid a penny of tax in the UK on its profits.
Cameron addressed the issue of tax avoidance head on in June 2012 after the Times revealed the aggressive tax avoiding arrangements of the comedian Jimmy Carr.
“I think some of these schemes – and I think particularly of the Jimmy Carr scheme – I have had time to read about and I just think this is completely wrong.
“People work hard, they pay their taxes, they save up to go to one of his shows. They buy the tickets. He is taking the money from those tickets and he, as far as I can see, is putting all of that into some very dodgy tax avoiding schemes.
“That is wrong. There is nothing wrong with people planning their tax affairs to invest in their pension and plan for their retirement – that sort of tax management is fine. But some of these schemes we have seen are quite frankly morally wrong.”
Carr later changed his tax arrangements.
Panama Papers reporting team: Juliette Garside, Luke Harding, Holly Watt, David Pegg, Helena Bengtsson, Simon Bowers, Owen Gibson and Nick Hopkins
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump: New Cruz-Kasich Alliance to Stop Him is 'Pathetic' and 'Weak' 2:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The alliance between Sen. Ted Cruz and Gov. John Kasich is already seeing fractures, and front-runner Donald Trump is basking in it.
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 25, 2016
Just hours after the candidates announced a plan to deny Trump from delegates in upcoming nominating contests, Cruz and Kasich are showing that they aren't fully committed to the idea.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Kasich talks about alliance with Cruz 2:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
One of the critical states in the agreement is Indiana, a state that votes May 4 and is seen as being a critical contest to keep Trump from winning the necessary 1,237 delegates. Cruz and Kasich agreed that Kasich would not compete there and cede the state to Cruz.
But at a diner in Philadelphia Monday morning, Kasich said he wouldn't direct his voters to support Cruz in the Hoosier State.
Related: Why the Cruz-Kasich Alliance Could Backfire
“I've never told them not to vote for me. They ought to vote for me, but I'm not over there campaigning and spending resources,” Kasich said. The Ohio governor will still be on the ballot in Indiana.
It is becoming apparent that this is an agreement between the two campaigns to hold their fire against each other in just three states - and a directive for the outside groups backing them to do the same.
.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Cruz Predicts Trump Will 'Cry and Whine' Over Kasich Alliance 1:08 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Kasich said the purpose of the agreement is not to help the other get elected but to better allocate resources to ensure an open convention.
“But look, this is a matter of resources and, you know, we're running a national campaign and we want to apply our resources where we think they can be used most effectively and it's all designed to stop Hillary Clinton from becoming president,” he said.
An animated Donald Trump, who says the two rivals are colluding to keep him from the nomination, made fun of their agreement while also calling the system "rigged" and "fixed."
"Actually I was happy because it shows how weak they are. It shows how pathetic they are," Trump said at his rally in Rhode Island. "Honestly, it shows such total weakness, and it's pathetic, when two longtime insider politicians, establishment guys whether you like it or not, have to collude, have to get together, to try and beat a guy that really speaks what the people want."
While Cruz was more optimistic about the agreement with Kasich - because he is in second place and believes that he has a better shot of winning the hearts and votes of delegates in Cleveland - he wouldn't throw his support behind Kasich in Oregon and New Mexico, two states where Cruz vowed to clear the way for Kasich. But like Kasich he also said the agreement was about resources.
“Well listen this is a nationwide campaign and we're making a decision where to focus our time, energy and resources. We are now focused very, very heavily on the state of Indiana,” Cruz said. “It is significant that John Kasich is pulling out of Indiana and allowing us to go directly head to head with Donald Trump.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Calls Cruz, Kasich Alliance 'Weak,' 'Pathetic' 0:51 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"How do you give a guy (the nomination) who's millions of votes behind Trump, who's 5-or-600 delegates behind Trump?" Trump added, speaking of Cruz.
After criticizing how Kasich eats pancakes, Trump knocked him for running a distant third. "You can't give it to Kasich because you can't give it to a guy who's one and 50," he said, referring to the number of states he's won.
The Democratic National Convention also injected itself into the interparty fight. Spokesman Mark Paustenbach wrote in a statement, "Wow, that didn't take long. Cruz and Kasich's desperate attempt to stay relevant – despite the fact they mathematically have no chance of winning the nomination without plunging their party into further chaos – has already fallen apart. The GOP is still in denial. Trump hasn't taken over the party— their leadership over the years has promoted the divisive policies that allowed Trump to flourish.”
On Boot Camp Eve, we shift our blog's focus to basketball. Yes, basketball practice don't begin until October 4th but as we inch towards Late Night, we'll be covering more and more Kansas basketball news. We'll have some non-conference schedule breakdowns as well as discussing some recruiting news. Late Night will bring a bunch of highly-touted recruits to the Fieldhouse and we'll let you know who is coming and why they'll be crucial to upcoming basketball seasons.
Earlier this week, NBADraft.net did a college prospect analysis of the players at adidas Nations, which was a month ago. Kansas freshmen Wayne Selden and Joel Embiid both received high praise from NBADraft.net. Sophomore Perry Ellis also performed well.
Check out the recaps below:
Wayne Selden:
Selden was the most impressive player and prospect at adidas Nations. “Mature” is the best way to describe his game, as both his demeanor and skill level are very advanced for a player entering his freshman season. Selden never seems to be in a rush, and is a quality decision maker. He never sulked or complained when an official made a bad call involving him. He has an NBA body at 18, with top-level explosiveness and strength. In fact, his body and physical style of play is reminiscent of a young Mitch Richmond. He displayed a good understanding of when to pass and shoot. He was on the receiving end of numerous alley-oop plays and displayed nice athleticism on breakaway dunks. He was adept at making entry passes into the bigs in the post. He can take his opponent to the hole with both his right and left hand and keeps the defender honest by mixing up his offensive attack — the defender rarely knows if Selden is going to attack off the dribble or take the open jump shot. At Nations, however, his jumper was inconsistent. While the rotation and form of his jump shot look good, he does seem to not always fully commit to it. But with repetition (and also Andrew Wiggins creating openings for his fellow Jayhawks), it's possible that these inconsistencies will fade by season's end. Selden was not always fully alert on defense at this event. He kept getting caught on some back-door cuts and back picks, giving up easy points to his opponents as a result. He competes and gives good effort on the defensive end, though, so the coaching staff at Kansas should be able to correct these ball-watching tendencies. Scouts came away saying he could end up a top-five pick if things fall into place for him at Kansas. There is some question about his height (some say he could measure at 6-foot-3 barefoot), but it shouldn't hurt his stock too heavily.
Joel Embiid:
The buzz surrounding Joel Embiid has been escalating ever since the Jordan Classic. It was even further intensified when Rick Pitino declared he would make him the second player chosen in the 2014 draft (after Wiggins). Unfortunately Embiid's lack of consistency and feel for the game were exposed at this camp, as he struggled against stronger and more seasoned post players. Embiid will likely end up a one-and-done top-10 pick on upside alone, but he looked far too raw to take in the top five, much less No. 2. He's in excellent hands at Kansas and should develop a great deal over the next six months. He showed flashes of his immense potential, as he has the size and physical tools that you don't find in a center in every high school class. He was an enforcer on the defensive end, blocking shots (Kaleb Tarczewski in particular) and altering others, but his offense was, at best, a work in progress. He's at his best when he's hitting the offensive glass and trailing the fast break. In half-court sets, he's prone to holding the ball too long. He couldn't score effectively in the post and didn't seem to know what to do with the ball once he got it. He does show very nice touch around the hoop, which is what makes him so intriguing. It would really benefit him in the long run if he had a two-year plan in place at Kansas, as he is 3-4 years away from truly coming into his own. His motor runs hot and cold, and he seemingly hasn't developed a real passion for the game. While he's not quite as thick, he's got some similarities to Andrew Bynum, with his skill set and physical make-up. Unlike Bynum, Embiid will hopefully develop a strong work ethic and dedication. His upside is right there with the top handful of players in this year's loaded draft class.
Perry Ellis:
Ellis dominated at Nations, improving his stock as much as anyone. He's an undersized power forward, but he plays with such intensity and energy that he should be able to carve out a solid niche at the NBA level. He reminded some scouts of Kris Humphries. He is extremely aggressive around the basket and showed a crafty ability to use his body and fakes to get shots off. He had moments where he displayed Antawn Jamison-esque quick hooks and slick post moves. Ellis consistently hit mid-range, top-of-the-key and baseline jumpers. He played with a sense of urgency, out-hustling opponents, diving for loose balls and playing solid one-on-one defense. While he had an impressive camp, scouts had questions about his true NBA position. Does he have the skills for the 3? Is he big/strong enough to become a 4? These are legitimate concerns. While he's clearly more of a PF than a SF at this stage in his development, he does show some combo-forward ability with his improving face-up skills. An underrated athlete, look for him to have a breakout sophomore season for the Jayhwaks and develop into a potential top-20 pick for the '14 draft. Also see: Perry Ellis Interview.
Selden got some more praise from SBNation.com, as well:
-The single individual I came away most excited about, even though his name was spelled incorrectly in the program: incoming Kansas freshman Wayne Selden. He has the frame of an NBA two-guard already and he's only 18. Tremendously compact handles, excellent jumper, plays within himself, great body control, beautiful eyes … he really has it all. With Joel Embiid, who also performed well, Andrew Wiggins and Selden, Kansas could have three of the top 10 picks in next year's draft.
Very encouraging news for some of the younger Jayhawks that could have a big impact on the 2013-14 season.
Following Allwinner's announcement of the H8 chip, it appears that the Inphic i8 is the first Android box using the new chip.
The Inphic i8 runs Android KitKat 4.4.2 and uses the octo-core Allwinner H8 chipset, offering CPU speeds up to 2GHz and an octo-core GPU. Allwinner's new chip adds support for HEVC decoding so there is potential for this to be a good gaming and media player, depending on the quality of the box's hardware and software.
According to the manufacturer, the Inphic i8 specifications are:
CPU: All Winner H8 is Octa-core Cortex-A7 CPU @up to 2.0GHz.
GPU: PowerVR SGX544 [email protected] up to 720MHz
Memory: 1GB /2GB DDR3
Flash: 8GB/16GB/32GB
WiFi: 802.11 b/g /n
OS: Android KitKat 4.4.2
I/O: 1*HDMI up to 4Kx2K resolution, 2*USB Host and Divice, 1*AV Standard resolution AV signal, 1*RJ45 100/1000 BaseT
Accessories: 1x AV cable, 1x Power charger adapter, 1x Remote control, 1x User Manual, 1x HDMI cable
Media Supported: Audio Formats: AAC-LC/HEAAC/HE-AAC v2,AC3,AMR-NB,DTS,MP3,OGG,RA_COOK,WMA,WMA,LPCM/PCM/ADPCM,FLA Video Formats: RM/RMVB, MPEG, MKV, AVI, MP4,MOV,FLV, H.263,H.264, H.265, VC-1,DivX, Xvid, TS,RealVideo,VP6,VP8 up to 4K support
Support for XBMC, Google Play and Skype
I've never dealt with Inphic before so I'm unsure how good the product will be. However, you can find out more about the product in the link below
[via Inphic
Don't believe the reports about me being arrested. It's all lies. I was sexually harassed by one of the cops two nights ago which is who then arrested me. He lied and said I threw a bong out the window when I opened the window for fresh air. Hilarious. He slapped my vagina. Sexual harassment. Big deal. I then called the cops on him. He handcuffed me, which I resisted, quite unlike any of the reports stated. Then I was sent to a mental hospital. Offensive. I kept asking for my lawyer but they wouldn't let me. The cops were creepy. The cop sexually harassed me, they found no pot on me or bong outside my window. That's why the judge let me go. Don't believe any reports.
Photo courtesy of SMARTCORE and Lumidigm
Because of the capture problems that conventional fingerprint imaging systems have had in less than ideal conditions, biometrics has been limited to the backroom, to be used only by employees. Now, with multi-spectral imaging (MSI), which captures fingerprints on the first try every time, organizations are willing to put biometrics out front, being used by their customers.
For instance, foreign visitors entering the Republic of Korea go through an immigration clearance process that features SMARTCORE multi-biometric acquisition stations (MBAS) with Lumidigm MSI sensors. Upon arrival to Korea's busiest airports and seaports, all foreign visitors proceed to Korea Immigration stations and submit their arrival card and passport to the immigration officer. They then place the index fingers of each hand on the two fingerprint sensors for simultaneous fingerprint verification. The MBAS also photographs the face of each visitor during the transaction.
The MBAS is an ergonomic, integrated unit that captures both facial and fingerprint data at the Korean immigration stations. It minimizes imaging time and acquires high-quality biometric data.
Because the fingerprint sensors use MSI technology, the MBAS are able to read fingerprints on the first try. Multispectral imaging collects information about both the surface and subsurface fingerprint to capture reliable data, regardless of whether a user's finger is dry, wet, dirty, slightly rotated, or difficult to capture. Data is captured on the first try every time, allowing tired travelers to enter the country as quickly and easily as possible.
The entire biometric immigration clearance process can be viewed here.
I do confess that I find it highly amusing that the god fearing no-infidels allowed holier-than-thou righteous nation of Pakistan still ranks No.1 in the world for Google searches for porn. Yep, you read that correctly, this Muslim nation that is notorious for conservatism, religious orthodoxy, and fanatical censorship seems to actually be the world's forerunner in sex searches online, and also appears to be maintaining that position.
When I first came across this claim in 2010 it led back to a news story on Fox News as the source. Alas, that was truly sad, because once I discovered that “Fox News” was the source, my “dubious-credibility” alarm started clanging quite loudly. I say sad, because I do indeed find it rather appealing to consider the thought that this nation of god-fearing religious thugs also happens to be a nation of god-fearing religious hypocrites. That original article reported back in July 2010…
Pakistan is top dog in searches per-person for “horse sex” since 2004, “donkey sex” since 2007, “rape pictures” between 2004 and 2009, “rape sex” since 2004, “child sex” between 2004 and 2007 and since 2009, “animal sex” since 2004 and “dog sex” since 2005, according to Google Trends and Google Insights, features of Google that generate data based on popular search terms. The country also is tops — or has been No. 1 — in searches for “sex,” “camel sex,” “rape video,” “child sex video” and some other searches that can't be printed here.
Well, the latest news on all this is that they are still in the top spot, as reported here in the Hindustan Times.
OK, so how does Google Trends work, and just how accurate is it? Here is what Google says in reply to both of those questions …
How does Google Trends work? Google Trends analyzes a portion of Google web searches to compute how many searches have been done for the terms you enter, relative to the total number of searches done on Google over time. We then show you a graph with the results – our Search Volume Index graph. Located beneath the Search Volume Index graph is our News reference volume graph. This graph shows you the number of times your topic appeared in Google News stories. When Google Trends detects a spike in the volume of news stories for a particular search term, it labels the graph and displays the headline of an automatically selected Google News story written near the time of that spike. Currently, only English-language headlines are displayed, but we hope to support non-English headlines in the future. Below the search and news volume graphs, Trends displays the top regions, cities, and languages in which people searched for the first search term you entered. How accurate and up-to-date is the information provided by Google Trends? The data Trends produces may contain inaccuracies for a number of reasons, including data-sampling issues and a variety of approximations that are used to compute results. We hope you find this service interesting and entertaining, but you probably wouldn't want to write your Ph.D. dissertation based on the information provided by Trends.
So take with a pinch of salt, but yes it certainly is indeed both interesting and entertaining to see how truly embarrassing this is for the mullahs.
As you might imagine, some folks in the Islamic republic of Pornistan (oops sorry, typo there) I mean Pakistan of course, were a tad ticked off about this. Their reaction, like mine, can be best expressed with the thought … “Fox News is your source!! … Really?”, and is also interlaced with a strong emphasis upon, “Its not 100% accurate and is just an approximation”. As an example, try here, and also here. However, you need not lean upon Fox News because you can utilize google trends and go check it out yourself. Additionally, you can also note that Pakistan leaps out into the lead by a huge margin, so that also addresses the “Its just an approximation” comment.
You can check it for yourself here now.
Go to www.google.com/trends (click to open in a new window) Enter terms such as: “sex”, “donkey sex”, “animal sex”, “dog sex”, “rape sex” Note who ranks No.1 every time.
As an alternative way of checking this, you can also try Google Insights.
Go to www.google.com/insights/search/ (click to open in a new window)
Now least you wonder about “Google Trends” vs “Google Insight for Search”, both use the same source data. Where they part company is that Google Insight gives you a lot more information and also allows you to break things down a lot more, so you can think of it as a tool that is a wet-dream for Internet marketers.
Anyway, back to the sex trend in Pakistan, is this a surprise? No not really. As has been clearly demonstrated by the Catholic Church, when religious belief steps in and attempts to harness and supress normal sexual behaviour, it soon bursts out and manifests itself again. There have been numerous studies indicating that excessive repression of the sexual instinct leads to an increase in the overall level of aggression in a given society. Societies forbidding premarital sex are plagued by acts of rage and tend to have higher rates of crime and violence. There may also be a link between sexual repression and aggression, insensitivity, criminal behaviour, and a greater likelihood of killing and torturing enemies.
The abnormally excessive repression of the sexual instinct as mandated by Islam, perhaps not only explains this trend data, but may also point to the root cause behind the aggression and violence dished out by the Islamic fanatics.
Links
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Pocket
Skype
WhatsApp
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
Austrian politics are rarely dull, but a dirty tricks scandal that exploded two weeks before next Sunday's general election has left even battle-worn veterans of the country's raucous campaigns stunned.
“This is without a doubt the dirtiest election campaign we have ever experienced,” said Eva Linsinger, politics editor at weekly Profil, which was first to uncover the details of the underhanded tactics.
The scandal began when it emerged that outside consultants working for Chancellor Christian Kern's Social Democrats (SPÖ) were behind a racist Facebook campaign aimed at undermining his opponent, Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz of the Austrian People's Party (ÖVP). The Facebook pages distorted Kurz's views on immigration and other issues and were laced with anti-Semitic innuendo.
The affair got murkier over the weekend after a consultant involved in the smear said that one of Kurz's closest aides tried to lure him away from Kern's campaign with a cash payoff totaling €100,000. The ÖVP denies the accusation.
"I don't appreciate it when politicians from other countries get involved in our domestic politics" — Sebastian Kurz, Austrian foreign minister
Meanwhile, the two parties, which have governed together in a grand coalition for more than a decade, have besieged Austrian prosecutors with criminal complaints against each other, alleging everything from espionage to racial incitement.
The growing scandal has overshadowed the country's most significant parliamentary campaign in nearly two decades.
Not only are Austrians poised to elect Kurz, a man of just 31, to lead the country; perhaps more significant is that for the first time since 2000, the anti-immigrant Freedom Party (FPÖ) has a good chance of joining the government.
Kurz's ÖVP is leading the polls with more than 30 percent, while FPÖ has been in a dead heat with the SPÖ for second place, scoring about 25 percent in recent polls.
Even if the Freedom Party finishes third, most political observers expect Kurz to pursue a coalition with the far right in order to break the political gridlock the country has seen after years of the grand coalition.
Unlike in 2000, when the ÖVP's decision to form a government with the FPÖ triggered diplomatic sanctions against Vienna by other European Union members, Austria's partners are unlikely to do more than wring their hands this time around.
It's Austria's business
Europe has become a different place since the Freedom Party, then led by the charismatic Jörg Haider, shocked the world by storming into government.
Not only are populists in power in Hungary and Poland (not to mention the U.S.), but the Freedom Party's brand of far-right politics has taken root across Western Europe, including in Germany.
Though Kurz, who was only elected party chief in July, has declined to publicly discuss what his preferred coalition would be, he has made it clear he expects the rest of Europe to keep its nose out of Austria's affairs.
"I don't appreciate it when politicians from other countries get involved in our domestic politics,“ he said in an interview with Austrian radio that aired on Saturday.
Kurz rose to prominence during the refugee crisis by pushing for the closure of the so-called Balkan route, once the preferred path for refugees traveling from Turkey to Northern Europe. Austria, like Germany, took in a large number of refugees during the crisis but the influx led to a political backlash amid concerns over whether the country could cope with the burden.
The Freedom Party was initially the main beneficiary of those worries but Kurz, by taking a hard line on immigration and taking credit for slowing down the flow of refugees, succeeded in winning back voters' trust.
Along the way, Kurz often clashed with Chancellor Kern, whose Social Democrats have struggled to gain traction. Relations between the two governing parties, which have ruled Austria together for most of the post-war period, have been strained for some time.
The deepening divide between the parties amid the SPÖ's sagging fortunes might explain why the party decided in January to hire Tal Silberstein, an Israeli political consultant who has built a reputation for using unorthodox methods.
According to Silberstein's contract, which the SPÖ has released, his firm was hired to conduct focus groups and also provide polling and opposition research.
It appears Silberstein didn't stop there. After initially denying the SPÖ was involved in the subversive Facebook sites, the party acknowledged that Silberstein had concocted the plan.
On one of the Facebook pages — “The truth about Sebastian Kurz” — the foreign minister was portrayed as a tool of American financier George Soros, who was secretly planning to open Austria's borders to another wave of refugees.
Soros, a Hungarian-born Jew who has spent millions promoting democratic ideals throughout Central Europe, is a favorite target of far-right groups.
That's why many Austrians wrongly assumed the right-wing Freedom Party, which often plays on anti-Semitic stereotypes, was somehow involved in the attack on Kurz.
That the ruling SPÖ, a party that has stood against anti-Semitism since its founding more than a century ago, was responsible left most of the country shocked. Even more surprising was that the man allegedly behind the dirty tactics was an Israeli political consultant.
By the time news of the Facebook campaign hit in late September, the SPÖ had already severed ties with Silberstein. The party let him go in August after Israeli authorities arrested him for alleged money laundering. Silberstein has denied the accusations.
Though Kern and other party leaders denied any knowledge of the Facebook scheme, SPÖ General Secretary Georg Niedermühlbichler took political responsibility and resigned on September 30.
Question of trust
The move did little to calm the waters, however.
SPÖ officials went on the offensive over the weekend, pointing to fresh evidence suggesting that Kurz's spokesman, Gerald Fleischmann, sought to poach a Silberstein partner.
The partner, Peter Puller, told Austrian media on Thursday that Fleischmann had offered him €100,000 in mid-July “to switch sides.” After Fleischmann denied the accusation, Puller disclosed his text message correspondence with him.
In the exchange, which the ÖVP acknowledges is authentic, Fleischmann offers to meet Puller during the first week of August.
“Maybe you'll know something by then and we can discuss your fee for PR,” Fleischmann wrote.
“I did everything I could to find out the truth" — Gerald Fleischmann, Kurz's spokesman
While the two men did meet again, they have offered diverging accounts of what transpired. So far, there's no evidence money ever changed hands.
Fleischmann has said his motivation for meeting Puller was not to pay him off, but to get to the bottom of the fake stories about Kurz.
“I did everything I could to find out the truth,” he said in a statement on Friday.
Whatever happened, the truth is unlikely to emerge before election day.
The political mudslinging between the two ruling parties could end up damaging both while giving a boost to the Freedom Party, which has long maintained that the mainstream parties are hopelessly corrupt.
Peter Filzmaier, a leading Austrian political analyst, warned on Sunday that the biggest victim from the affair won't be an individual party but “our trust in democracy.”
As one of the preconditions to authorizing close to $300 million in aid, the United States is pressuring El Salvador to purchase genetically modified seeds from Monsanto instead of non-GM seeds from local farmers.
According to Sustainable Pulse, a website covering developments related to genetically modified organisms and sustainable agriculture, the US will reportedly withhold $277 million in aid through the Millennium Challenge Compact if El Salvador refuses to purchase GM seeds from the biotech company Monsanto.
The website states that the stalled aid package was originally put on hold in late 2013, when it was revealed that Millennium Challenge Corporation would not deliver funds to the country unless “specific” economic and environmental reforms were made. Apparently, one of those is related to the purchase of GMO seeds.
Speaking with Verdad Digital, however, the president of the El Salvadoran Center for Appropriate Technologies (CESTA) criticized the US negotiating position and said the country should back away from its demand.
“I would like to tell the U.S. Ambassador to stop pressuring the Government (of El Salvador) to buy ‘improved' GM seeds,” CESTA president Ricardo Navarro said, adding that the move would hurt the local economy and only benefit US companies.
Navarro specifically singled out Monsanto for criticism as well, saying, “There is a harmful corporation on the planet called Monsanto … it is truly disturbing that the U.S. is trying to promote them.”
In Europe, too, Monsanto's GM seeds have garnered criticism. In March, France banned the growth and sale of the company's insect-repelling maize seed MON 810, just a few days before it was revealed that insects in the US were developing resistance to the crop.
The comments from Navarro also arrive as Monsanto is under fire in several South American countries, including El Salvador and Brazil. As RT reported previously, El Salvador passed legislation in September 2013 banning glyphosate, used in Monsanto's Roundup pesticides, as well as dozens of other agricultural chemicals.
Similar proposals are being considered in Brazil, where the country's prosecutor general recently urged the National Health Surveillance Agency to “reevaluate the toxicity of eight active ingredients suspected of causing damage to human health and the environment,” including glyphosate and seven other chemicals.
As for why glyphosate is coming under such heavy scrutiny, new research has indicated that while the chemical is not as dangerous on its own, it becomes extremely toxic to humans once it mixes with natural metals found in soil.
Meanwhile, other reports have linked glyphosate to the outburst of a fatal kidney disease that has killed thousands of people in El Salvador and Sri Lanka, and could also help explain similar situations in Nicaragua, Costa Rica, and India.
10. Hood barbershops.
Even if there's a white barber working there, his name will be “White Mike” or “White Bobby” and he's there to escape white people, too.
9. A Delta Sigma Theta game night.
Be warned, though. While there won't be white people there, there will be elephants. Lots and lots of elephants. All of the fucking elephants.
8. The set of any movie featuring Clifton Powell.
If you need some white-people escaping and you need it quickly, Google “Where is Clifton Powell working today?”and then go there immediately.
Advertisement
7. The theater where any movie featuring Clifton Powell happens to be showing.
If you need some white-people escaping and you need it quickly, Google “Where are movies featuring Clifton Powell playing today?” and then go there immediately.
6. Hood beauty salons.
Ranks higher than the barbershop just because Barbershop was a better movie than Beauty Shop. Which should probably make it rank lower, but this is my list, AND IF BLACK LIVES DON'T MATTER, THEN NEITHER DOES LIST-MAKING CONTINUITY!!!
Advertisement
5. Outer space.
While it's true that white people have been fantasizing about building space colonies for decades—presumably to escape from the mess they're making here—they haven't done it yet. Which means we can beat them to it. WE JUST NEED MORE STEM DEGREES!
4. Any black-owned restaurant that stays open until 10 but stops actually making food at, like, 5:45.
Bonus points if there's a sign on the wall explicitly stating that the kitchen closes at 7. Which makes you wonder why they're open until 10, but you never actually ask because you're not quite sure you really want to know.
Advertisement
3. A “white party” on a boat.
Does the fact that so many middle-aged-to-seasoned black folks possess an affinity for parties on random lakes and ponds and shit where people wear all-white on boats count as irony? And if so, is it more ironic that these are the parties that white people are least likely to be invited to?
2. The overflow room at a black church.
Although you'll definitely find a few white people at predominantly black church services—random specks of salt in seas of pepper—if they're there, they're usually there early. Or on time. Not 82 minutes late to a 90-minute-long service.
Advertisement
1. “The kitchen.”
I'm not talking about an actual kitchen with sinks and stoves and shit. And if you don't know which kitchen I'm referring to, then great! Because you're (probably) not black, and it would behoove you (and us) to continue the rest of your life without ever inquiring about or venturing there.
A statement on Saudi's ministry of health site Tuesday said 4,000 people were killed in the Hajj stampede. (AFP/File)
There's strange news coming — and being redacted — from the Saudi Arabian Ministry of Heath about the death toll of Saturday's Hajj stampede in Mina.
As the baffling fatality numbers have shown, this is the worst disaster to strike Hajj since 1990. But just how large those numbers are is a debate still raging days after the accident.
The ministry's Arabic website said Tuesday some 4,000 people died in the crush. The announcement's since been wiped from the page, but not before people (including Al Bawaba) managed to capture a screen shot. See it below.
Here's the translation:
The Saudi Deputy Minister of Health Mohamed Aldowale stated that the ministry handed over a photo album with photos of 4,173 pilgrims who passed away in Mena accident, and the process of Identifying the bodies has started.
He also added that the big number of death was due to heat, suffocation and stampede, according to the report by the Minister of Health.
The primary statistics indicated 769 deaths however our final numbers have increased to 4173 deaths after the ministry received several more bodies yesterday.
Despite all the rumors and news in the media, the ministry would like to reconfirm that this site and its social media handles are the only reliable and formal sources for official statements.
With the official death count tallied by the Saudi government so far floating around 800, that's a miles-long discrepancy not lost on social media users. Here's what one said to Vice Minister of Heath Hamad al-Dhewalia's Twitter handle, with a screenshot of the ministry announcement attached.
@HamadAlDhewalia الاخ نائب وزير الصحه هل هذا الموقع تابع لكم لأن التصريح منتشر على لسانك ويتم الترويج بأنه موقع رسمي pic.twitter.com/ekSfo1RY8f — عبدالله البريكي (@AbAlburiki) September 29, 2015
Translation: Hamad al-Dhewalia, is this from the ministry website? The statement is attributed to you, and the site looks like the ministry's official one. and the site looks as the formal one.
Between this and US's foggy statements on the Syrian rebel train-and-equip program, what's going on with government pages this week?
Verizon workers (over 35,000 strong) are planning on striking their employer possibly this Wednesday. According to some, this would be the largest strike held in the United States in the last five years.
The reason for calling the strike is that union members of the Communications Workers of America and the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers had their contracts expired last August.
According to sources …
“The unions, the Communications Workers of America and the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, say Verizon wants to freeze pensions, make layoffs easier and rely more on contract workers. Verizon says there are health care issues that need to be addressed for both retirees and workers as medical costs have grown, and it wants "greater flexibility" to manage its employees.”
It is said that contract negotiations have not been very successful between the two sides.
In the meantime …
“Verizon said that a strike would pose a “hardship” on the company, but that it had “contingency plans” in place to fill the strikers' roles with thousands of non-union replacement workers.”
“Verizon Communications says it has trained thousands of nonunion employees to fill in if the strike takes place in nine Eastern states and Washington, D.C. The company had 178,000 employees as of December.”
This is the sign of the times folks. Companies are doing all that they can to try to scale down unions or get rid of them all together. It is remarkable as these mega corporations are making record profits; they always find ways to not share the wealth. They are always regurgitating what about “shareholder value” claims. What about the value of employees?
There was a time in this world when people would start in a company and end their careers with the same company. The company did right by their employees and the employees did right by their employers. There was loyalty and trust. It was a symbiotic relationship.
This is no longer the case. Before employees were able to provide for their families, live a good life and retire with dignity. Today, all those safety nets are being stripped away. It is remarkable, that even before an executive sets foot in a new company. The first thing that they do is lock down the terms of their exiting parachute. And we have personally seen this done numerous times. And trust us; they fight tooth and nail for those terms. But when it comes to the employees trying to do the same, the same executives deem it as an abomination.
If there was ever a time for unions, the time is now. United you stand and divided you fall. Stay strong and fight the good fight. STRIKE!
What do you think? Are unions bad or good? Please comment below and share your thoughts.
source:
"Unions for 36,000 Verizon workers threaten to strike" - Associated Press via MSN.com - April 11, 2016- http://www.msn.com/en-us/money/companies/unions-for-36000-verizon-workers-threaten-to-strike/ar-BBrDbLK?ocid=ansmsnmoney11
"Verizon Workers To Strike This Week If They Don't Get A Contract" - Huffington Post - April 11, 2016 - http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/verizon-strikeus570c1557e4b0885fb50e080a
Description Edit
At the Cincinnati Zoo The spectacled bear is the only bear native to South America and is the largest land carnivoran on that part of the continent, although as little as 5% of its diet is composed of meat. South America's largest obligate carnivorous mammal is the jaguar (Panthera onca). Among South America's extant, native land animals, only the Baird's tapir (Tapirus bairdii), South American tapir (T. terrestris) and mountain tapir (T. pinchaque) are heavier than this species.[5] The spectacled bear is a mid-sized species of bear. Overall, its fur is blackish in color, though bears may vary from jet black to dark brown and to even a reddish hue. The species typically has distinctive beige or ginger-coloured markings across its face and upper chest, though not all spectacled bears have "spectacle" markings. The pattern and extent of pale markings are slightly different on each individual bear, and bears can be readily distinguished by this.[6] Males are a third larger than females in dimensions and sometimes twice their weight.[7] Males can weigh from 100 to 200 kg (220 to 440 lb), and females can weigh from 35 to 82 kg (77 to 181 lb).[8] Head-and-body length can range from 120 to 200 cm (47 to 78.5 in), though mature males do not measure less than 150 cm (59 in).[9][10] On average males weigh about 115 kg (254 lb) and females average about 65 kg (143 lb), thus it rivals the polar bear for the most sexually dimorphic modern bear.[11][12] A male in captivity that was considered obese weighed 222.5 kg (491 lb).[13] The tail is a mere 7 cm (2.8 in) in length, and the shoulder height is from 60 to 90 cm (23.5 to 35.5 in). Compared to other living bears, this species has a more rounded face with a relatively short and broad snout. In some extinct species of the Tremarctinae subfamily, this facial structure has been thought to be an adaptation to a largely carnivorous diet, despite the modern spectacled bears' herbivorous dietary preferences.[14][15][16]
Distribution and habitat Edit
Naming and etymology Edit
Tremarctos ornatus is commonly referred to in English as the "spectacled bear", a reference to the light colouring on its chest, neck and face, which may resemble eyeglasses in some individuals, or the "Andean bear" for its distribution along the Andes. The root trem- comes from a Greek word meaning "hole;" arctos is the Greek word for "bear." Tremarctos is a reference to an unusual hole on the animal's humerus. Ornatus, Latin for "decorated", is a reference to the markings that give the bear its common English name.
Behavior and diet Edit
Conservation Edit
Threats Edit Japan. Spectacled bear at Tennoji Zoo in Osaka The Andean bear is threatened due to poaching and habitat loss. Poaching might have several reasons: trophy hunting, pet trade, religious or magical beliefs, natural products trade and conflicts with humans.[40] Trophy hunting of Andean bear was apparently popular during the 19th century in some rural areas of Latin-America. In the costumbrist novel "María" by Colombian writer Jorge Isaacs, it was portrayed as an activity for privileged young men in Colombia. Tales regarding pet bears are also known from documents about the Ecuadorian aristocracy of that time.[41] These threats might have diminished in recent years, but there are still isolated reports of captive bears confiscated in rural areas, which usually are unable to adapt again to their natural habitat and must be kept in zoological facilities.[42] Religious or magical beliefs might be motivations for killing Andean bears, especially in places where bears are related to myths of disappearing women or kids, or where bear parts are related to traditional medicine or superstitions. In this context, the trade of bear parts might have commercial value. Their gall bladders appear to be valued in traditional Chinese medicine and can fetch a high price on the international market. Conflicts with humans, however, appear to be the most common cause of poaching in large portions of its distribution.[40] Andean Bears are often suspected of attacking cattle and raiding crops, and are killed for retaliation or in order to avoid further damages. It has been argued that attacks to cattle attributed to Andean bear are partly due to other predators. Raiding of crops can be frequent in areas with diminishing natural resources and extensive crops in former bear habitat, or when problematic individuals get used to human environments. The intensity of poaching can create ecological traps for Andean bears. That is, if bears are attracted to areas of high habitat quality that are also high in poaching risk.[43] Perhaps the most epidemic problem for the species is extensive logging and farming, which has led to habitat loss for the largely tree-dependent bears. As little as 5% of the original habitat in Andean cloud forest remains.[10] Shortage of natural food sources might push bears to feed on crops or livestock, increasing the conflict that usually results in poaching of individual. Impacts of climate changes on bear habitat and food sources are not fully understood, but might have potential negative impact in the near future. Conservation actions and plans Edit The IUCN has recommended the following courses for spectacled bear conservation: expansion and implementation of conservation land to prevent further development, greater species level research and monitoring of trends and threats, more concerted management of current conservation areas, stewardship programs for bears which engage local residents and the education of the public regarding spectacled bears, especially the benefits of conserving the species due to its effect on natural resources.[10] National governments, NGOs and rural communities have made different commitments to conservation of this species along its distribution. Conservation actions in Venezuela date back to the early 1990's, and have been based mostly on environmental education at several levels and the establishment of protected areas. The effort of several organizations has led to a widespread recognition of the andean bear in Venezuelan society, raising it as an emblematic species of conservation efforts in the country, and to the establishment of a 10-year action plan.[44] Evidence regarding the objective effectiveness of these programs (like reducing poaching risk, maintaining population viability, and reducing extinction risk) is subject to debate and needs to be further evaluated.[45][46] Legislation against bears hunting exists, but is rarely enforced.[40][47] This leads to persistence of the poaching problematic, even inside protected areas.[43] In 2006 the Spectacled Bear Conservation Society was established in Peru to study and protect the spectacled bear.[48]
Media Edit
Colombian 50 pesos coin, with an image of a Spectacled bear and text "oso de anteojos – Tremarctos ornatus" on the obverse. The children's character Paddington Bear is a spectacled bear, famously from "darkest Peru".[49] In the documentary Paddington Bear: The Early Years, British actor Stephen Fry encounters a spectacled bear called Yogi, which was kept in a small cage by Andean villagers. Fry bartered with the villagers to have the bear released, and it was taken to an enclosure in Machu Picchu. Fry's interest in the bears led to the follow-up documentary, Stephen Fry and the Spectacled Bears, and he also wrote and published his experiences in Rescuing the Spectacled Bear: A Peruvian Diary. In the BBC television programme Serious Andes, a team of eight teenagers built a prerelease enclosure for two spectacled bears before returning them to the wild. The BBC documentary "Spectacled Bears: Shadows of the Forest" looked at conservation issues and conflicts with farming communities.[50]
See also Edit
Naked bakers is a fully nude cooking show! The content is produced by me and funded by fans! It's kinda like if HGTV embraced exhibitionism.I produce a weekly naked baking episode (the full length episode is exclusive to patrons), a fun almost daily behind the scenes public Snapchat story, and occasionally some other fun stuff like naked bartending videos (some of which exclusive to patrons).To be able to produce more fun content and allow my fans a way to help support and be a part of the production of the show. I want to focus on Naked Bakers full time and grow it. With the help of my patrons/crew, I can do that.The funds help cover everything from paying rent, to buying groceries and ingredients for new episodes, as well as purchasing new film equipment, cooking tools, etc. Eventually the funds will help support bringing on a dedicated camera person, adding a new cast member, getting a larger house/set to film in, and hopefully one day adding travel content! Sounds like a lot, but I know in time we can get there.I am just a normal girl that likes baking/cooking (also a fan of gardening, yoga, and travel too). I also happen to be a bit of an exhibitionist too. I am not a porn star nor do I have sex on camera. In fact, Naked Bakers started as a joke. Back in January of 2015, a couple of friends and myself were talking about snapchat and I said that we should start a novelty account where we bake naked. We curiously posted one pic of clevage on our story (we were no where near a kitchen) and then posted a link to our snapchat name on reddit to r/dirtysnapchat. Within minutes we had a few hundred views. At that moment I knew I was on to something. So being the most adventurous one of the group, I went home, got naked, and actually baked something on my snapchat story. People loved it and I decided to carry on Naked Bakers. The rest is history.No. I like the anonymity of this. Part of the fun in this is that feeling like I could be anyone. That girl sitting across from you at Startbucks or that girl living right next door.All charges will appear on your bank statement discretely as "Patreon".
- A teenager is dead and his alleged burglary accomplice is charged with murder after a homeowner shot at them during an alleged burglary attempt, according to police.
A spokesperson for the Riverdale Police Department said John Dexter Williams, 19, and Patrick Kemp, 22, tried to break into a home on Birch Circle Tuesday morning. Investigators said the homeowner shot Williams, who ran away from the scene. At around 10:45 a.m., officers responded to a report of a person shot on Birch Walk Boulevard, which is located in the same subdivision.
"That's when my neighbor called me and told me that someone had gotten shot, but they must have run to the neighbor's house across the street from her, because that's where the police found him in the driveway," said Cynthia Harper, who lives nearby.
Harper believes she saw the two men walk past her home shortly before the shooting.
"I hate that they got shot, but you go in someone else's property, hey, you get what's coming to you," Harper added.
Neighbors said criminals have frequently targeted their subdivision during the day.
"They assume that nobody's at home. So a lot of the neighbors they came together like, 'Well we may have to get armed, you know. Just to protect ourselves and protect our families.' I guess that's what happened today," said Homer Minor, whose parents live in the neighborhood. "Somebody lost their lives trying to take somebody else's goods."
Kemp is charged with felony murder and burglary in the first degree. Police do not plan to charge the homeowner.
NEXT ARTICLE: Police ask for help in identifying underground Atlanta theft suspect
The Best Bus in America? Transit Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 30, 2015 While light-rail and streetcars are enjoying a renaissance in the USA, their cousin — the stalwart public bus — gets nowhere near as much love. Until now. That's right: the much-maligned public bus is finally getting some love. Why? Because this is America. Indeed, one transit agency has a hunch that a well-designed bus system can not only be just as efficient as light-rail — it can be just as sexy. This hunch has pushed them to place a big bet on their new bus system. A really big bet, actually: one exceeding half-a-billion dollars. It's the most expensive project of its kind in American history. When full service begins today, media, politicians, and transit riders will be lined up to see whether their bet has paid off. We'll be eagerly awaiting the outcome. Because by the looks of it, they might just have built the best bus system in America. Bus rapid transit lines in Karachi, Pakistan. These are no ordinary buses.
They're bused rapid transit. Bus rapid transit (BRT) is a totally different way to run buses. In reality, BRT operates much like a subway system: You pay before you board
Passenger platforms are level with bus doors (no steps to get on)
Dedicated lanes mean buses don't have to deal with traffic These features allow BRT systems to move passengers much more quickly than typical buses. And, unlike the subway, BRT doesn't take as long to build, and avoids the costs of digging tunnels and laying down rail. That's why Connecticut transit planners picked BRT to be the state's next rapid transit solution. Celebrating its maiden voyage this week, a new rapid transit corridor called CTfastrak will run between Hartford and New Britain, and hopes to relieve the chronic congestion along highway I-84. Haven't heard of bus rapid transit before? You're not alone. BRT is largely absent from most American cities. For inspiration, CTfastrak had to look to the south. The deep, deep, deeeeep south.
Bus rapid transit in Curitiba, Brazil.
Like Carnivale and summer grooming trends, bus rapid transit was pioneered in Brazil. The country's first BRT system was set up in 1974 as a cheaper alternative to a subway — and proved massively successful. Curitiba was the first city to build a BRT line, and it's still going strong. Buses run along dedicated lanes, and come as frequently as every 90 seconds. Today, over 85% of travelers in the city use the system — which means Curitiba's BRT line serves over 2 million passengers every day. Boarding platforms in Curitiba: no steps needed. Commute times weren't the only thing to improve in Curitiba: BRT spurred a boom in urban development along the corridor. Now, tall buildings in Curitiba are only approved if they're built along the BRT line. Moreover, in the era of BRT, nobody lives more than 400 metres from a bus station. It was the first system of its kind. Curitiba's success with BRT lead to it being adopted as an affordable rapid transit solution throughout Latin America and Asia. Even far-flung cities like Johannesburg, Nantes, and Ottawa set up their own BRT systems. But only a handful of American cities have built BRT lines, and by most measures, CTfastrak will have them beat.
Croatia is known for its beautiful landscape, clear blue Adriatic sea and its coast with over 1000 islands. But also, there's another thing that Croatia is known for - festivals. There are many festivals in Croatia and everyone can find one for himself. If you are a party animal, here's the lucky number seven list of the most known festivals in Croatia. Hope to see you this summer on one of them!
Main article photo: Hideout Festival Croatia
1. INmusic Festival
INmusic Festival takes place in Zagreb in the middle of June. Warm and sunny weather gives you an opportunity to camp on the island located in the middle of the lake Jarun. Apart from good music, visitors can enjoy swimming and sport facilities.
INmusic Festival in Zagreb
Photo by: Samir Cerić Kovačević
2. Hideout Festival
Hideout Festival is held on the island of Pag. The end of June island of Pag is on fire – party people party 5 days and nights, on boats and on the coast, with so many other international people, listening to over 100 DJs. House, techno, bass and grime... You can enjoy different types of music and have the best summer ever!
Hideout Festival on the island Pag
Photo by: Hideout Festival Croatia
3. Ultra Europe Festival
Ultra Europe Festival is electronic music festival and it's held in beautiful Split. This festival is the biggest in Croatia and more than 150k people come in July to Split to spend the best days of summer. Hardwell, Steve Aoki, Nicky Romero and many other well-known DJs will dance and jump on the stage with so many people from different countries.
Ultra Europe Festival in Split
Photo by: ZV Photography
4. Croatian Summer Salsa Festival
Salsa rhythms are heard in Rovinj, at the end of June and beginning of July. 13 days of salsa music, more than 10 DJs, over 120 workshops and parties on 10 unique locations. Isn't that enough to attend this festival?
Croatian Summer Salsa Festival in Rovinj
Photo by: Luka Kivela
5. Seasplash Festival
Seasplash Festival is held in July on the fort Punta Christo, near Pula. This festival is the longest-lasting Croatian festival and it offers four days of good music on even seven stages where the best performers from the region but also the world come. It represents bass music and culture. You can camp there, attend some workshops, dance to dub, reggae, ska, dubstep, hip hop, world music but also electronic music, and meet new interesting people.
Seasplash Festival near Pula
Photo by: Daniel Kiršić
6. Dimensions Festival
Takes place in Pula every August, you can enjoy electronic music and have a party on many beaches, in the Amphitheater but also on beautiful Punta Christo Fort!
Dimensions Festival in Pula
Photo by: Richard Walley
7. Outlook Festival
Only few days after Dimensions Festival there is another festival in Pula every September and it's known for dubstep, jungle and hip-hop genres. Last two years the first day of the festival took place in Pula's amphitheater. Over 300 performers come to Pula and gather more than 14k visitors. The best way to close your summer!
Outlook Festival in Pula
Photo by: Viktor Torjak
Have you decided yet which one of them you're going to visit this year? If not, hurry up, the summer is in front of the door!
Did you find something for yourself? Contact us for more information or any other help!
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
LOS ANGELES, March 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Comedy Dynamics announced today it will release Bill Hicks: Live in Montreal on iTunes, Apple Music, Amazon, Google Play, Spotify and all other digital audio retailers on April 14, 2017.
Recorded in 1991 at the Centaur Theatre during the Montreal International Comedy Festival, Bill Hicks puts his classic style of dark humor on display. He ponders what would happen if the earth was invaded by redneck aliens, why there aren't any positive stories about drugs on the news, and wonders what an atheist yells during sex.
Comedy Dynamics to Release Bill Hicks: Live in Montreal on April 14, 2017
Hicks tackled a wide range of social issues including religion, politics, consumerism, the media, and popular culture in a dark and controversial way. During the 1990's, he toured the United States and United Kingdom extensively while making a number of high-profile television appearances. On February 26, 1994 at the age of 32, he died of pancreatic cancer in Little Rock, Arkansas. In subsequent years he has developed a strong following around the world. He was named the fourth greatest comedian of all time by London's Channel 4 and ranked at 19 by Comedy Central.
"Bill Hicks' performance at the Montreal Comedy Festival was legendary. It's very exciting to be releasing this new audio version of Bill Hicks' comedy for the first time," said Brian Volk-Weiss, CEO of The Nacelle Company.
Comedy Dynamics is the largest independent stand-up comedy production and distribution company, producing Kevin Hart's Guide to Black History for History, Animal Planet's Animal Nation with Anthony Anderson, the new scripted comedy on Seeso, There's … Johnny, History's Join Or Die with Craig Ferguson, MTV2's Wild 'N On Tour, Hulu's Coming To The Stage, and MTV's Spooning with…Zac Efron. The company has worked with a wide-range of established and emerging comedic talent including Kevin Hart, Louis C.K., Aziz Ansari, Jim Gaffigan, Katt Williams and many more. Comedy Dynamics is available on most streaming platforms including: Hulu, Roku, iOS, Amazon, and Android. Comedy Dynamics has been named the TMT Media Awards' Best Stand-Up Comedy Production & Distribution Company for two years running.
Comedy Dynamics Records' album Louis C.K. Live At Madison Square Garden won the Grammy for Best Comedy Album in 2016. In total, eight of Comedy Dynamics' albums produced between 2013-2015 have been Grammy-nominated.
Media Contact: Callie Mills
Phone: 818.529.8047
152623@email4pr.com
SOURCE Comedy Dynamics
No, not a continuation of the theme of the previous two posts.
My son, who has been pursuing a degree in philosophy over the last couple of years with steadily mounting frustration, has decided to "drop out", work for a while, and consider where he goes next. He signs off his blog here:
Although it is unfortunate to quit before I can figure out whether (the vast majority of) philosophers are actually as staggeringly incompetent as they appear to be, or are simply playing an elaborate practical joke, I simply couldn't stand it either way.
Yes, he's disenchanted. I'm proud of him and his efforts to find a way to apply reason to important questions about life, and I've been dismayed to watch the discipline of philosophy lose someone as motivated as he has been, punishing originality rather than encouraging it, pandering to intuition, and giving up on reason while spending its time on issues such as whether proper names are rigid designators.
I'm no philosopher, but while I look forward to seeing what my son does next, I have no inclination whatsoever to read Naming and Necessity.
If Cat Osterman's script had been written the way she wanted it to be Monday night in Hoover, Ala., she would have walked away from softball a champion.
The supremely talented southpaw, who announced her impending retirement in May, would have been the one raising her arms in adulation in the pitcher's circle after a win in her final National Pro Fastpitch game, and soon after, mobbed by teammates to celebrate both a championship victory and the end of one of the greatest careers the sport has ever seen.
Instead, Osterman and the USSSA Pride were defeated 1-0 in the NPF final, and the 32-year-old was left to weep as her team's season and her illustrious 21-year playing career came to a close.
“I actually started crying because it finally set in that I would never step foot on the field as a player again,” an emotional Osterman said in a phone interview Tuesday, following a superb pitching performance in which she gave up just one unearned run on four hits with six strikeouts. “I feel that I pitched as well as I could have, but it really just wasn't in the cards for us to win.”
Despite Monday's defeat, this season was a fine one for the NPF's 2014 Pitcher of the Year. She finished 15-4 for the regular season champions, with a 1.21 ERA and 183 strikeouts in 121.2 innings of work. In eight seasons in the NPF—two with the now-defunct Rockford Thunder and six with the Pride—Osterman captured four league titles, three Pitchers of the Year awards and was an All-NPF selection six times.
• Slugger Lauren Chamberlain hopes to lift pro softball league to new heights
Aside from her bountiful successes and accolades in the NPF, Osterman is proudest of her part in growing the game and helping to mold the next generation of softball superstars during her last two seasons in the league. “I'll look back and know that I truly feel that I got to play with the next group of legends in our game,” Osterman said. “Madison Shipman, Shelby Pendley and Lauren Chamberlain will carry the torch and play for a while, and I think it's awesome for those of us on our way out to play with and inspire that new generation of kids who everybody knows and is looking at to be phenomenal.”
Long before the names of today's stars were known, Osterman was posting jaw-dropping numbers with the U.S. National Team. While with Team USA from 2001 to 2010, Osterman compiled a cumulative record of 59-4 with a minuscule 0.38 ERA. She amassed 832 strikeouts in 425.2 total innings pitched.
Kit Mohr
Osterman was one of the last remaining active players from the gold medal-winning team at the 2004 Athens Olympics, on which she was the youngest player at 21. In 2008, she was the ace of the American squad that captured the silver medal at the Beijing Summer Games.
“The pinnacle of my career was winning a gold medal,” Osterman said. “It didn't matter whether I pitched a lot or not at all, just being part of that amazing team was the highlight of my career.”
Osterman also had one of the best collegiate careers in NCAA softball history. The 6'3” Houston-native went 136-25 in her four seasons with the Texas Longhorns, and was a four-time All-America selection and three-time National Player of the Year during her NCAA tenure. She ranks first all-time in NCAA Division I history in strikeouts per seven innings (14.35) and perfect games (seven), second in career strikeouts (2,265) and third in no-hitters (20) and shutouts (85).
• Little League team accused of throwing World Series game
“My career took me further than I ever thought it would,” Osterman said. “I've cried a lot since [Monday's] loss, but I'm not really that sad because I know it's the right decision and the right time to walk away. I'm very happy and content with how my career unfolded and I'm excited for what the future holds.”
Though Osterman's days in the circle are now done, her time in the dugout is just beginning. She will enter her second season as an assistant coach at Texas State in San Marcos this fall, and continue working primarily with the Bobcats' pitching staff. “Now when I wake up, it's not what can I do to be a better pitcher today, it's what can I do to be a better coach and make my players want to strive for the same things I got,” Osterman said.
And while the ending of one of the finest playing careers in the history of the sport did not follow a seemly script like it perhaps should have, Osterman is left with no regrets and a sparkling legacy that will far outshine Monday's loss. “Obviously I'd like the storybook ending, but not everybody gets that, and I'm OK with that,” Osterman said. “I loved every pitch of this ride and I hope to be remembered as someone who was constantly out there fighting. It was just amazing to have the ball in my hand for every pitch of every game I played.”
GALLERY: THE BIGGEST SPORTS RETIREMENTS OF 2015
BuzzFeed has published a cache of documents, allegedly compiled by a former British intelligence agent, that claim Donald Trump and his associates have deep ties to Russian spies, and that Russia has “compromising information” about the U.S. president-elect.
The digital publisher posted the documents roughly an hour after CNN reported on their existence.
BuzzFeed describes the contents of the documents as “specific, unverified and potentially unverifiable allegations of contact between Trump aides and Russian operatives, and graphic claims of sexual acts documented by the Russians.”
CNN reported that both Trump and President Barack Obama received a summary of the reports last week, but that other government officials, including Sen. John McCain and FBI Director James Comey, had seen all of the memos.
CNN said it wouldn't report on the details of the documents “at this point ... as it has not independently corroborated the specific allegations.”
That didn't stop BuzzFeed.
“Now BuzzFeed News is publishing the full document so that Americans can make up their own minds about allegations about the president-elect that have circulated at the highest levels of the U.S. government,” the publisher said in the short story accompanying the memos.
I asked BuzzFeed Editor-in-Chief Ben Smith whether he had discussed publishing the memos with BuzzFeed CEO Jonah Peretti or anyone else at the company, but he wouldn't respond to that line of questioning. “I'm not going to talk to you about newsroom conversations,” he said.
But Smith did offer an extended rationale for publishing the documents: “The elected representatives of the American people are making discussions or public allegations based on [the memos], and we didn't see any reason why the American people shouldn't see it themselves.”
Here's a longer version, which he distributed to his staff tonight:
Here's the note I sent to @buzzfeednews staff this evening pic.twitter.com/OcAloWzVzb — Ben Smith (@BuzzFeedBen) January 11, 2017
BuzzFeed's decision to publish the memos puts it outside, at least for now, of norms observed by more traditional news outlets.
The New York Times, in a brief story published this evening, suggested that it had also heard of the reports, which “began circulating in the fall and were widely known among journalists and politicians in Washington.” But the Times didn't discuss the content of the reports and said “it has not been able to confirm the claims.”
Unlike the Times, CNN and many other big journalism organizations, BuzzFeed isn't part of a larger media company and isn't publicly traded. But Comcast's NBCUniversal* has invested $400 million into the publisher, which has begun floating the idea of going public.
* NBCUniversal has also invested in Vox Media, which owns this site.
Is Bitcoin Money?
At various times in history, feathers have been money. Shells have been money. Dollars and euros are money. Gold and silver are certainly money. Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies can also be money.
People say some forms of money, such as Bitcoin or U.S. dollars, are not backed by anything.
But that's not true.
They are backed by one thing: confidence.
If you and I have confidence that something is money and we agree that it's money, then it's money. I can call something money, but if nobody else in the world wants it, then it's not money. The same applies to gold, dollars and cryptocurrencies.
Governments have an edge here, because they make you pay taxes in their money. Put another way, governments essentially create an artificial use case for their own forms of paper money by threatening people with punishment if they do not pay taxes denominated in the government's own fiat currency.
And the dollar has a monopoly as legal tender for the payment of U.S. taxes. According to John Maynard Keynes and many other economists, it is that ability of state power to coerce tax payments in a specified currency that gives a currency its intrinsic value. This theory of money boils down to saying we value dollars only because we must use them to pay our taxes — otherwise, we go to jail.
So-called cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin have two main features in common. The first is that they are not issued or regulated by any central bank or single regulatory authority. They are created in accordance with certain computer algorithms and are issued and transferred through a distributed processing network using open source code.
Any particular computer server hosting a cryptocurrency ledger or register could be destroyed, but the existence of the currency would continue to reside on other servers all over the world and could quickly be replicated. It is impossible to destroy a cryptocurrency by attacking any single node or group of nodes.
The second feature in common is encryption, which gives rise to the “crypto” part of the name. It is possible to observe transactions taking place in the so-called block chain, which is a master register of all currency units and transactions.
But the identity of the transacting parties is hidden behind what is believed to be an unbreakable code. Only the transacting parties have the keys needed to decode the information in the block chain in such a way as to obtain use and possession of the currency.
This does not mean that cryptocurrencies are fail-safe. But on the whole, the system works reasonably well and is growing rapidly for both legitimate and illegitimate transactions.
It's worth pointing out that the U.S. dollar is also a digital cryptocurrency for all intents and purposes. It's just that dollars are issued by a central bank, the Federal Reserve, while Bitcoin is issued privately. While we may keep a few paper dollars in our wallets from time to time, the vast majority of dollar-denominated transactions, whether in currency or securities form, are conducted digitally.
We pay bills online, pay for purchases via credit card and receive direct deposits to our bank accounts all digitally. These transactions are all encrypted using the same coding techniques as Bitcoin.
The difference is that ownership of our digital dollars is known to certain trusted counterparties such as our banks, brokers and credit card companies, whereas ownership of Bitcoin is known only to the user and is hidden behind the block chain code.
Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies present certain challenges to the existing system. One problem is that the value of a bitcoin is not constant in terms of U.S. dollars. In fact, that value has been quite volatile, fluctuating between $100 and its present high above $3,400 over the past few years. It's currently around $3,467.
It's true that dollars fluctuate in value relative to other currencies such as the euro. But those changes are typically measured in fractions of pennies, not jumps of $100 per day.
One potential solution to the Bitcoin volatility problem I find interesting is to link Bitcoin to gold at a fixed rate. This would require consensus in the Bitcoin community and a sponsor willing to make a market in physical gold at the agreed value in Bitcoin. This kind of gold-backed Bitcoin might even give the dollar a run for its money as a reserve currency, especially if it supported by gold powers such as Russia and China.
Both are looking for ways out of the current system of dollar hegemony, which will only take on added urgency now that the U.S. has imposed harsh sanctions against Russia and is signaling a trade war against China.
Regards,
Jim Rickards
for The Daily Reckoning
It's 11 p.m. Thursday in mid-February at the courtyard of The Backyard bar in downtown Gainesville. A crowd, bundled against the cold, sips Pabst Blue Ribbon tall boys.
It's 11 p.m. Thursday in mid-February at the courtyard of The Backyard bar in downtown Gainesville. A crowd, bundled against the cold, sips Pabst Blue Ribbon tall boys.
On stage, an all-female rock band is playing. Their music is a collision of thumping drums and churning guitars.
Several times a week, this outdoor venue co-owned by Boca Fiesta Cafe and the Palomino Pool Hall brings live music and DJs to a pocket of the Sun Center tucked away on the west side of the Hippodrome Theatre.
Boca Fiesta co-owners Jacob Ihde and Warren Oakes say The Backyard gives local talent some exposure, draws patrons to neighboring restaurants and brings in needed money for businesses that have to pay downtown rent and several dozen employees, who rely on their paychecks to get by.
Now, the venue is at the center of a clash over noise complaints and the sometimes inherent conflict between the two major ingredients of a thriving downtown — residents and nightlife.
The Backyard's troubles involve four violations of the city's noise ordinance since June. In addition to paying one $250 fine and two $500 fines as the citations mounted, the owners now face a mandatory hearing in county court for the fourth violation.
Ihde and Oakes say they are uncertain whether they'll be able to continue hosting shows or have to scale back to the point it will jeopardize their business's viability.
Ihde said they already have scaled back, canceling an open mic night and ending a show early, giving partial refunds to the crowd.
The violations have come after the Gainesville Police Department, responding to complaints, determined that the noise from The Backyard was plainly audible at a distance of 200 feet from the property line. All of the citations involved complaints from one resident who lives above Starbucks Coffee on the southwest corner of the Union Street Station condominium building.
Oakes said he feels someone who moves downtown should be prepared to deal with more noise in the city's urban center.
"This is the heart of downtown Gainesville right here and if you don't want to hear the heartbeat, don't live next to the heart," Oakes said.
Daniel Vazquez said he was prepared for noise from the hustle and bustle of downtown when he moved last summer into Union Street Station. Vazquez, a local lawyer, said that late on weeknights, when he might have a deposition early the next morning, the only noise that keeps him from sleeping comes from the music at The Backyard.
The noise disturbs him despite his sound-insulated windows, he said. Vazquez said he has filed numerous noise complaints but doesn't think he has ever contacted police about loud music on a Friday or Saturday night.
Vazquez still hears the noise on weekend nights, but he doesn't have to work the next day so he doesn't complain, he said.
In his mind, Vazquez said the issue is not one resident but one business.
"If they want a special event, they should go through the permit process," he said. "It's unfair that they feel they don't have to follow the law. The law is there to protect the health and welfare of the people downtown."
The clash over noise between residents and nightlife is not new or unique to Gainesville, said Ruth Steiner, a professor of Urban & Regional Planning at the University of Florida.
When downtown areas were struggling in the 1980s and 1990s after businesses moved out to more suburban areas, they turned more toward live music and nightlife to take advantage of their central location and to fill empty building space, Steiner said.
Gainesville was one city that followed that model, Steiner said. The downtown clubs and music venues became a "part of the economic engine of the city" and helped revitalize downtowns, she said.
Over time, residents — another key ingredient of a thriving downtown — began to move in. Clashes between the sometimes incompatible land uses follow, Steiner said.
"If the good thing is we are creating this urban downtown, the bad thing is you are going to have more conflicts between residents" and businesses, Steiner said.
Larry Hamilton knows those clashes well. Hamilton has lived on Northwest Third Avenue in the Pleasant Street neighborhood north of downtown for 30 years and also has several rental properties in the neighborhood.
Hamilton said that over the decades, he has had persistent issues with loud music and noise from downtown bars and clubs carrying over to his neighborhood and keeping him up to 2 a.m. or beyond.
Hamilton, the president of the Pleasant Street Neighborhood Association, said late-night noise disturbs his residential area and has driven some of his tenants to move. He said downtown nightspots should confine their noise to their businesses.
In 1992, Hamilton sued Congo Craig's, an open-air rooftop nightclub that once occupied 201 W. University Ave., over noise issues.
More recently, he filed complaints against The Sky, a now-defunct nightclub that occupied the same rooftop space. That club faced several noise violations before it closed. Its former location remains vacant.
Hamilton also pointed to the now-closed Fubar on West University as a noise culprit.
A few blocks to the south, the longtime music venue now known as the High Dive began facing noise complaints almost immediately after the Palms condominiums were built next to it in 2008.
Just south of University Avenue on Southwest Second Street, The Motor Room, formerly known as Spank Nightclub, has received two noise complaints over the past several months.
Owner James Rountree paid the fine for the first citation but said he plans to challenge the second in court. He said the complaints come during the club's "bread and butter" event: Saturday night's popular Neon Liger dance party.
"For the last six years we've been open and doing this party, and now it's a problem," Rountree said. "People's jobs are at risk over this. If they know every Saturday night we are busy, anyone can call in a complaint."
The City Commission is expected to consider revisions to its noise ordinance in upcoming months. At the request of GPD, a University of Florida student named Jared Anderson conducted a study, including a slew of noise measurements, under the supervision of a professor in the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department. Some of the recommendations in the resulting report include increasing the allowable decibel thresholds before a violation may be issued under that section of the ordinance and changing the distance for determining "plainly audible" noise from 200 feet from the property line to a city block, which would be defined as 300 feet.
The recommendations also include extending the weekend hours for permitted special events from 1 a.m. to 1:30 a.m. The report also recommended giving the owner or operator of a business the right to be present when an officer is taking sound measurements in response to a noise complaint against the business.
Downtown developer Ken McGurn is also a resident of the city's core. He and his wife live in a condo in Union Street Station, which their company built in 2000.
As a residential and commercial developer, McGurn said he lives downtown for the activity and accepts that things are louder there than in the suburbia.
"I live downtown because I want to be where the action is," McGurn said. "The noise doesn't bother me."
Back at The Backyard, Mark Scohier is attending his first show at the outdoor stage since the 1990s, when the location was the now-storied live music venue the Hardback Cafe.
Scohier said the space "still has some of that energy flowing around it." He said he thinks it would be a shame to see noise issues hamper the ability to put on shows.
"I think when you're living in this part of town, you have to come to expect this sort of thing," he said.
On this night, the concert is a "ladies band roulette" in conjunction with the local Vfest, an annual week of women's music and arts events. Bands assembled at random a month earlier were playing together in public for the first time.
"I like it that they are supporting local musicians getting together and being creative," concertgoer Hollie Greer said. "The fact that anyone is complaining about the noise is sad because it is an amazing thing they are doing bringing these creative people together."
The AV-Comparatives test lab has examined 13 security programs for Android smartphones. The study found that all of the test candidates offer reliable protection against 75 virus families; detection rates were always at least 93 per cent. In total, the experts unleashed more than 18,000 infected apps on the test devices. None of the security programs produced any false alarms; however, testing involved only 200 widely used benign apps.
According to the researchers, the installed security apps didn't affect smartphone battery life: all candidates reduced battery life by less than two per cent. Notable differences were found in the programs' recognition of advertisement-funded apps (adware): Bitdefender, Eset, F-Secure, Qihoo 360, Trend Micro, TrustGo and Webroot offered the most reliable adware warnings in the test, while Avast, Ikarus, Kaspersky, McAfee and Sophos only recognised a few of the adware families. Lookout has moved the adware detection feature to a dedicated Ad Network Detector.
Further discernible differences were found in the security programs' pricing: while most tested apps are currently available for no charge, McAfee's Mobile Security was found to be the most expensive test candidate – the program incurs an annual fee of €30 (£23.70).
Major variations were also found in the programs' range of features: almost all of the apps offer anti-virus protection, remote locking (in case of theft) and GPS location, but components such as an SMS/MMS scanner, firewall or online backup feature were only available with a few of them. Many of the apps allow users to remotely wipe the data that is stored on a smartphone in case of theft; however, the experts often managed to retrieve the deleted files using a data recovery tool.
AV-Comparatives recommends that users choose their security programs according to the features and components they require. A full comparison chart can be found in the report. If virus protection is the only thing required, users should think about whether they can do without such programs altogether – according to AV-Comparatives, the danger of infecting an unrooted smartphone with malware via official app catalogues is still relatively small in Western countries; this is consistent with what The H's associates at heise Security have observed. In Asia, on the other hand, the risk is generally higher, and downloading apps from unofficial download sites ("side loading") also carries a higher infection risk.
(djwm)
Reuters A researcher in Singapore makes a toy cat “disappear”
Scientists are now able to make things invisible … sort of … thanks to the use of “metamaterials,” namely materials that exhibit properties not found in nature.
According to a recent Reuters report, researchers in the U.S. and Asia are able to use glass to bend light waves, at least in the visible spectrum, as the accompanying photograph shows.
While the U.S. side of the research is funded by the military in hopes of use there, the report pointed to other possible uses, such as an invisible airplane cockpit — à la “Wonder Woman” — which would allow pilots to see the ground, or an invisible car top that could eliminate drivers' blind spots.
The report also quoted Vanderbilt University scientist Jason Valentine as pointing to possible architectural applications. “You could use this technology to hide supporting columns from sight, making a space feel completely open,” he said, no doubt chuckling to himself at the idea of hapless office workers bumping into invisible support beams.
But the possibilities of metamaterials go far beyond the creation of Harry-Potter style special effects. Other waves can be altered, allowing for buildings that can be made earthquake-proof by bending seismic waves around them, or tsunami-proof, by bending water waves, the report says.
And as an investment idea? Well, it seems that two metamaterials companies spun off from patent firm Intellectual Ventures – namely Kymeta Corp and Evolv Technologies – both of which, according to other news sources, have backing from none other than Microsoft /quotes/zigman/20493/delayed /quotes/nls/msft MSFT founder Bill Gates.
See the Reuters report here.
— Michael Kitchen
Also see:
Vegas cabbie returns $300,000 to ‘famous' poker player
10 cars almost no women drive
Counter Logic Gaming have announced that they are accepting applications for the last player position on their team.
CLG are currently on the lookout for a new fifth player after parting ways with Peter "ptr" Gurney in the aftermath of a disappointing 5th-6th place finish at the ESEA Finals.
Josh "jdm64" Marzano initially stepped in as a substitute, but for Wednesday's CEVO clash against Team Liquid CLG fielded Ace Gaming's Mohamad "mOE" Assad as their fifth player. The move paid off as CLG eased past Liquid on just two maps, the first of which by a 16-1 scoreline.
CLG
CLG accepting applications for the last place on the team
However, the North American team have not yet made a decision on this matter, and while they are currently trying out potential North American candidates, they will be accepting applications from players from any region in the world for this position, which will allow the organisation to open up the pool of talent to choose from.
To apply for a spot on CLG's starting roster, these are the requirements that a player needs to meet:
Must be able to move into a gaming house in the United States
Good communication skills Works well with others
Ability to receive criticism (constructive or otherwise)
Flexible schedule
Punctual
High level experience in leagues (ESL, CEVO, ESEA, FaceIT) or notable LAN performances
All player applications have to be sent to csgo@clgaming.net and include a personal presentation and also information about previous competitive experience.
CLG's decision to accept international candidates could see yet another North American team pick European talent after Luminosity Gaming signed Swedish ace Jacob "pyth" Mourujärvi, formerly of Orbit.
A woman has beaten her husband to death in the Gokulpuri district of New Delhi after discovering he was continuing a gay affair with a former household servant
A woman shocked residents in the New Dehli district of Gokulpuri when she walked to the local police station with blood soaked hands and clothes to confess to the murder of her gay husband.
33-year-old housewife Uttam Devi walked into Gokulpuri police station on Tuesday to tell them she had killed her 43-year-old husband, Dhanpal Singh, by bashing his head into a wall in their home.
When asked why she had killed him she told police that Singh had continued an affair with a domestic servant the family had once employed and that all attempts to change his behavior had failed.
‘Uttam was upset over the matter and had warned him many times,' a police officer told Indian media.
‘On Tuesday, she was infuriated when she caught her husband and the servant in a compromising position. In a fit of rage, she started banging his head on the wall till he died.'
It was not the first time that Singh had been seriously beaten by his wife, with him returning from hospital from injuries inflicted by his wife only the day before.
‘He had been brought back from a hospital in Loni on Monday,' a police officer said.
‘He had to be admitted after he was severely beaten by his wife and several of his relatives over the same issue of dating a man.'
Many Indian gay men feel compelled to marry because of family pressure and Devi was only the second woman that Sign had sought to marry. He is survived by two children from an earlier marriage.
The well-being of the other man is unknown.
EXO member Luhan is venturing into the acting world!
On April 23, Chinese media reported that Luhan was cast in the Chinese movie “Mid-Twenties” (working English title) alongside Wilson Chen and Zi-Shan Yang, among others, and this news was also confirmed with SM Entertainment.
According to the report, “Mid-Twenties” is a fantasy movie about a 70-something-year-old woman who suddenly returns to her twenties, and is the Chinese version of the Korean film, “Miss Granny.”
Chinese entertainment news outlet Sina.com reported that Luhan will be playing the grandson of Zi-Shan Yang, who is the female lead for the film. Currently the film is scheduled to crank in on May 20. An agency official said to TVReport that they are currently adjusting EXO's promotional activities to match with Luhan's film schedule.
A basketball fanatic and a math whiz want to do for basketball what Bill James and sabermetrics did for baseball, and their innovative way of parsing data could revolutionize game analysis, providing coaches with new insights while making the game more fun to watch.
Sabermetrics, for those who haven't seen Moneyball, is the objective analysis of baseball using game stats. Billy Beane used it to revolutionize the Oakland A's. Compared to baseball, though, basketball is much more dynamic, and ball movement becomes a key variable in success. Passing is one of the fundamentals of hoops, and in the upper ranks of the sport, turnovers — often the result of wayward passes — contribute to ticks in the win-loss column. Fast, agile passing can make or break a team.
That's why sabermetrics might not tell the entire story about what happens on the court. Researchers at Arizona State University, led by life science professor and basketball fan Jennifer Fewell and math professor Dieter Armbruster found an ideal model to explain the results of the 2010 NBA playoffs by simply keeping their eye on the ball. Their work opens the door to an entirely new line of sports analysis, from game-tape breakdown to highlight reels and augmented-reality visualizations.
To analyze basketball plays, Fewell and Armbruster used a technique called network analysis, which turns teammates into nodes and exchanges — passes — into paths. From there, they created a flowchart of sorts that showed ball movement, mapping game progression pass by pass: Every time one player sent the ball to another, the flowchart lines accumulated, creating larger and larger and arrows.
Using data from the 2010 playoffs, Fewell and Armbruster's team mapped the ball movement of every play. Using the most frequent transactions — the inbound pass to shot-on-basket — they analyzed the typical paths the ball took around the court.
For most teams, the inbound pass went primarily to the point guard, generally a team's best ball handler. But point guard-centric, such as the Bulls, didn't fare well in the 2010 playoffs, the researchers told Wired.
On the other hand, the Los Angeles Lakers — which won the 2010 NBA championship — distributed the ball more evenly than their rivals, embracing what Phil Jackson calls the “triangle offense,” a technique pioneered by Hall of Fame coach Sam Barry. The basic idea is simple: Maintain balanced court spacing so any player can pass to another at any point.
In their model, Fewell and Armbruster found a mathematical explanation for why the triangle offense works — the point guard was no longer the only player feeding passes to fellow players; his teammates were just as likely to take on that role. With more potential passers, there are more potential paths for the opposition to defend.
To quantify their results, published in the journal PLOS ONE, the researchers derived the entropy, or measure of system disorder, for each team during each game. In six of the eight first rounds, winners had higher team entropy, and therefore more randomness, than losers. Though the sample size of teams in the NBA playoffs may be small, the data suggest a possible relationship between quick, unpredictable ball movement and success in games.
“[It seems] entropy wins games,” Armbruster told Wired.
Not everyone is convinced. Critics say the triangle offense marginalizes point guards. The loudest critic might just be Lakers general manager Mitch Kupchak, who boldly told reporters the triangle offense was not only wrong for a Lakers team helmed by All-Star point guard Steve Nash, but any Lakers team at all.
Triangle offense aside, there are many applications for the modeling Fewell and Armbruster used to dissect it. Krossover Intelligence is working on some of the most promising. James Piette, v.p. of analytics, said the company has used a similar approach in a video playback system that could revolutionize game tape analysis.
“We want to help coaches win,” Piette said.
All of Krossover's videos are searchable, and their technology is sophisticated enough to create computer visualizations showing what players did — and, better yet, what they should have done.
Piette has been a stats geek since he was 18, when he wrote an artificial intelligence poker program. He's got a triple major in mathematics, economics and computer science, and a PhD in statistics. Midway through his doctoral program, Piette met Vasu Kulkarni, a self-described basketball junkie who was just launching Krossover, a company obsessed with sports statistics. The team excels at breaking down game tape using analysis similar to, yet distinct from, what Fewell and Armbruster developed. They've already signed up the Caltech men's basketball team.
“We were looking for program that would streamline process of video breakdown and stat analysis,” head coach Oliver Eslinger told Wired. He said Krossover is easier to use than his former method, which consisted of scrutinizing DVD game footage and recording results in a computer spreadsheet.
Because Krossover lets you diagram and breakdown every possession, coaches no longer have to fast-forward or rewind game film to show a player's performance during a game. Need to know every shot-on-basket for John Doe during a particular game? The answer is one click away on Krossover's platform.
Being at Caltech, where some of the brightest minds come to learn, the statistical backbone of Krossover becomes key. The players understand it's a bona fide analysis system, not just a novelty, Eslinger said. “It's another way to build trust with players.”
Because Krossover can repurpose some of the video data — with permission of the original team, of course — the company could create the next-gen highlight reels or visual recruiting database. For instance, coaches may be able to use the system to quickly understand how well a particular blue chip recruit performs against the 1-3-1 zone defense when on the road. Or, better yet, the program might show how much a highly overlooked player contributes to overall team play, leading to coaches recruiting the prospect.
In retrospect, Moneyball propelled the field of sports statistics more than Piette first expected. Before the book and movie became popularized, he had trouble publishing his work, because the academic community viewed sports as just a game, not serious science, Piette guesses. But the MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference is now packed, he told Wired.com, offering people places to publish their sports-related results in peer-reviewed publications.
Perhaps the only problem is: now everyone who took Stats 101 thinks they are an analyst. But stats aren't linear, Piette says, and the simple regression methods that most learned won't work. The type of rigor needed to crack these sports statistics problems are only taught in PhD programs. And while none currently exists, Piette hopes for specific advanced degrees in sports analytics one day.
While fans direct cheers that fill sports arenas toward athletic giants such as LeBron James or Kobe Bryant, bright statisticians still sit in the shadows. But when these mathematical stars begin helping LeBron improve his game, it's certain they'll hear more and more of the applause.
By Tim King
Whatsupic -- Former Native activist John Trudell, believes federal authorities overstepped huge boundaries at Pine Ridge, going so far as to insert an agent provocateur into the inner workings of AIM (American Indian Movement). He believes the federal government is complicit in the killings.
Leonard PeltierLeonard Peltier, a political prisoner known as the last Sioux Brave, is still behind bars after serving the vast majority of his life in prison. More than 40 years have passed since the gun battle at the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota, during which two FBI agents and one Native American activist, were shot to death. The deadly violence on 26 June 1975, came after years of Native resistance, which gained national attention during the Wounded Knee occupation in 1973, and culminated at Pine Ridge.
Around the world, Peltier is viewed as the ultimate example of legal injustice. At one point during the Cold War, 15 million Soviet signatures were sent to the White House asking to have Peltier freed from prison. Years later, US President Bill Clinton considered freeing Peltier from prison.
The shootout at Pine Ridge left many unanswered questions.
The intensity of the problems led to the Wounded Knee occupation in 1973. Tribal chairmen hired vigilantes who titled themselves as “GOON's,” to eliminate members of the American Indian Movement (AIM), and discourage their activity and sentiment. During the peak of the violence, more than 60 traditional tribal members and AIM members were murdered and scores more were assaulted, according to freeleonard.org, a Website that continues to raise awareness of Leonard Peltier today.1
While AIM was blamed for violence, the majority of the violent crimes committed were the work of GOON, according to reports. Federal authorities looked the other way during this period, doing nothing to stop the GOON violence. One GOON member later reported that FBI agents supplied him with armor piercing ammunition.2
As an AIM leader, Leonard Peltier was contacted by traditional tribal members at Pine Ridge and asked to protect those being targeted for violence. This led to Peltier and a few members of AIM setting up camp on a ranch owned by the traditional Jumping Bull family.
Pine Ridge Shooting
Freeleanord.com, states that on 26 June 1975, two FBI agents, Jack Coler and Ronald Williams, used an unmarked car to follow a pick-up truck onto the Jumping Bull ranch. The agents were reportedly following a Native American teenager, a member of AIM, who was accused of stealing a pair of cowboy boots after a fight off the reservation. The shootout took place near an abandoned farm house.
Upon seeing the unmarked car, Native families became immediately alarmed and believed they were about to be attacked. After gunshots rang out, more than 150 agents, GOONS, and law enforcement surrounded the ranch. During the shootout, the two agents were hit, and later killed execution-style, at close range. AIM member Joseph Stuntz, was also fatally shot. Underscoring the regard the feds had for this resistance oriented Native people, the FBI never even investigated his killing. They simply reported that he was "apparently shot by a law enforcement officer at the scene" during the shootout.2
Federal authorities claimed that AIM members Bob Robideau, Darrelle Butler and Leonard Peltier were involved in the fatal shooting of the FBI agents.
The Chicago Tribune, in a 1992 article titled, "'Incident At Oglala' Revisits An American Indian Tragedy", explained the way the cases against the men were handled, "Tried in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, Bob Robideau and Darrelle Butler were found to be acting in self-defense and were acquitted; the foreman recalls that the shocking verdict created the fear among the jury that the U.S. marshals in the courtroom would kill the jury members on the spot. Tried in Fargo, N.D., after controversial extradition from Canada, Leonard Peltier was convicted on two counts of first-degree murder despite perjured testimony and sentenced to two consecutive life terms. Fifteen years later, he refuses to testify against a fellow American Indian who possibly could set him free, then tells the filmmakers, 'I have my dignity and my self-respect, even if I die here.'"3
The affidavit used to extradite Peltier from Canada, contained the testimony of Myrtle Poor Bear, who would later say that the FBI coerced her into making statements to incriminate Leonard Peltier. Poor Bear could not testify at trial—the prosecutor in the case decided she was incompetent due to "obvious mental deterioration prior to trial." according to the article, "40th Anniversary of Pine Ridge Shootout".
According to Native American musician, poet, actor and former activist John Trudell, more was going on behind the scenes than anyone realized. Trudell believes the federal authorities were directly involved in a number of killings, and that a government operative, or "agent provocateur", was undercover within the organization.
Trudell explained that an operative is a government representative placed inside of a group to agitate and direct activities. "I think there was a government operative around that level of AIM leadership so to speak. He wasn't necessarily a part of AIM leadership, but he had access to the AIM leadership. I think this operative is behind the firefight at Oglala, where the agents were killed, and I think this operative was behind the Murder of Annie Mae Aquash. The way it appears to me, the operative manipulated both sides against each other on the firefight thing, as part of a larger plan, but the plan went wrong and the agents got killed."4
The New York Times revisited the death of Annie Mae Aquash in 2014. They report that her badly decomposed body was found at the base of an embankment, her remains had been there for two months The NY Times wrote, "It would take investigators a week to identify the body as that of 30-year-old Anna Mae Pictou Aquash, a principal in the American Indian Movement. AIM was the country's most visible, and radical, advocacy group for Native American civil rights. The traveling band of militants had forcibly taken over the Bureau of Indian Affairs headquarters in Washington to demand, among other things, the return of valuable federal land to indigenous tribes. 'We're the landlord of this country,' one slogan went. 'And the rent is due.'"5
Trudell believes this government operative is directly involved in the deadly events in South Dakota, "I think there was a government operative amongst that level of AIM leadership so to speak, that had access to the AIM leadership, wasn't necessarily part of the AIM leadership, but had access..." Trudell told me that this individual has never been identified. He says the federal government was therefore complicit in the crimes that led to the deaths of the agents, Mr. Stuntz, and Miss Aquash.
Trudell said, "...the government needs a scapegoat, they need somebody to hold because this can never ever come to light. This would never have happened if it wasn't for a government operative playing both sides against the middle."
Will the truth ever see the light?
1 Leonard Peltier - Free Leonard.org
2 http://reason.com/blog/2015/06/26/40th-anniversary-of-pine-ridge-shootout
3 http://articles.chicagotribune.com/1992-06-26/entertainment/9202260470_1_pine-ridge-reservation-michael-apted-fbi
4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0uMJkCGRUw&feature=youtu.be
5 http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/27/magazine/who-killed-anna-mae.html?_r=0
-------------------------------------------------------------------
The views expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily represent the views of, and should not be attributed to, the Whatsupic.
A few weeks back I had the good fortune to be handed a dump of a mysql database stuffed to the gills with historical Proms data. It's got every Prom from 1895 to 2007 (and (you'd hope) 2008 at some point).
I've started to wrap a Ruby on Rails app around it and the results can be seen here. For now it's pretty basic with lots of gaps left to fill but the intention is to link it to MusicBrainz / DBpedia and publish the results into the Linking Open Data cloud.
In the meantime I thought it might be interesting to develop the site in public so you can see all my mistakes in real time. So I'll be posting progress reports here and updating this post as things get added.
What's happened so far
I wrapped a very basic rails app over the data just to peek inside and check the relationships. The result was a simple domain model of people and works and events and etc.
The next step was to create a new rails app and begin to build the site one table at a time. The beginnings of the schema are here.
What happens next
The next step is to continue on, one table at a time through parts and events and performance and etc to fill out the site. And when that's done the interesting work of linking to external data sources can begin. At which point I'll probably be buying drinks for colleagues old and new.
With the data published and linked I'll hopefully manage to persuade boss type people to open it under a creative commons non-commercial licence. Add some RDF and the Proms can join Later, Top of the Pops and John Peel on the LOD cloud. Well that's the plan.
A beta (of a beta (of a beta...))
This is very much work in progress. Eventually the data should make it's way into /music (via the MusicBrainz next generation schema) and the upcoming /events. If we can match events to broadcasts some of it should also make it into /programmes.
Updates
Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, Google+, Follow us on Facebook Youtube or subscribe to our newsletter
Building a café racer always starts with a passion and a plan. Oscar Axhede from Sweden had a plan to build his own café racer and bought a CB750. But after a while he could not give this bike the styling he was looking for. So he sold the CB750 and bought the younger brother: a Honda CB650 from 1980. This is the result of a 2 year project and he called it “Leatherhead”.
He was looking for a design where “cold” steel and aluminum would meet high quality leather. So for that Oscar bought a whole deerskin which he could use to create that look he was looking for. It's obvious where the name of this CB650 café racer came from.
The rear seat was one of the biggest challenges for Oscar and it took him 3 tries to get the result he wanted. His goal was to create a seat that was one with the frame.
Another masterpiece is the rear sets. All functions from lever, springs and switches are combined in one clean and fresh design. The rear sets even cover footpegs for a passenger.
The deerskin was big enough to create all kinds of leather details on the bike. He even covered the front forks and levers with it.
The bike is fully restored and rebuilt with a lot of custom and aftermarket parts. For the clean look he uses a beautiful CNC triple tree.
A brief summary from Oscar:
Hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of hours spent in the garage. Countless nights and weekends trying to figure out how to design this or how to solve that. Milling, painting, electricity, carburetors, cables, bolts and screws. What started two years ago as an idea to build something quickly, instead became a bit of an obsession but now it's finally over and it rides like a charm! So damn proud of what came out of my garage after all this work. And more than anything, sooo stoked to leave it behind me so I can make room for a new project in my life. Pretty sure it won't be a motorcycle : )
Well, I hope Oscar changes his mind…
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President George W. Bush exceeded his authority when he directed Texas to comply with an international court's ruling and reopen dual-murder case against a Mexican on death row, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled on Tuesday.
By a 6-3 vote in a case that pitted Bush against his home state, the high court said Bush should not have ordered Texas to comply with the World Court ruling mandating the review of the cases of Jose Medellin and 50 other Mexicans in U.S. prisons awaiting execution.
Medellin was denied the right to meet with a consular official from Mexico after his arrest in Texas for the June 1993 rape and murder of two teen-aged girls.
The Hague court in 2004 ordered the United States to review his case, and those of the other Mexican death row inmates, on the grounds that his Vienna Convention right to talk to consular officers after his arrest had been violated.
Bush in 2005 decided to comply with the World Court's ruling and issued a memorandum to then-Attorney General Alberto Gonzales directing state courts to review the cases to determine whether the violation of their rights caused the defendants any harm at trial or sentencing.
Chief Justice John Roberts said in the majority opinion that Bush cannot require the states to provide review and reconsideration of the claims of the 51 Mexican nationals, in disregard of state court rules and law.
Medellin's attorneys appealed to the Supreme Court and said a Texas court ruling that Bush had overstepped his powers and put the United States in violation of its undisputed treaty obligations.
The Bush administration supported Medellin and said the president must have the authority to ensure that the United States adheres to such treaty obligations.
The Mexican government also has weighed in on behalf of Medellin, who has been on death row since 1994.
Texas officials acknowledged Medellin was never told he could talk to Mexican officials. But they argued that claim cannot be made now because he never properly raised it previously. Even if his treaty rights had been violated, it would not have made any difference in the outcome, they said.
Roberts rejected the administration's argument that Bush has the authority to establish binding rules affecting court decisions that preempt contrary state law.
He said the memo — a directive issued to state courts that would compel the reopening of final criminal judgments and set aside state laws — is not supported by Bush's foreign affairs authority to resolve claims disputes.
Roberts, who was appointed by Bush, was joined by Justices Antonin Scalia, Anthony Kennedy, Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito, Bush's other appointee on the court. Justice John Paul Stevens concurred in the judgment.
Justices Stephen Breyer, David Souter and Ruth Bader Ginsburg dissented.
AAAS meeting told to take a leaf out of Florence Nightingale book and allow in air, and microbes, to control nasty pathogens
Hospitals might thwart the spread of dangerous infections by taking a tip from Florence Nightingale and throwing open their windows. But while the Victorian nurse championed fresh air and cleanliness as a defence against infections, the incoming air might help control nasty pathogens by letting more microbes inside.
Jack Gilbert, a microbiologist at the US government's Argonne National Laboratory in Illinois, offers the unconventional view that unwanted microbes might gain a foothold in hospitals because they had too little competition from other organisms.
The idea mirrors that seen in the gut, where antibiotics can kill off the balanced and healthy community of bacteria, only to make way for hardier bugs that cause illness.
"When surgery first started 300 years ago, you would have people walking around with blood and pus all over their outfits. In that situation it makes a lot of sense to make the system very clean," Gilbert said at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in Vancouver.
"But if you go into any wound infection clinic and speak to a surgeon, they are constantly sterilising the bejeebers out of their operating room. There is theoretically nothing there – they have scrubbed themselves with sterilising agents – but somehow, magically a pathogen gets into the person when they're in the operating theatre and they get sick.
"This is a situation where one organism from one person hasn't had any competition from any other microbes on the skin or in the environment because there's nothing else there," he said.
Nightingale noted the virtues of open windows in her Notes on Nursing in 1859. "True nursing ignores infection, except to prevent it. Cleanliness, fresh air from open windows, are the only defence a true nurse either asks or needs," she wrote.
Last month, Jessica Green at Oregon University reported that air conditioned hospital rooms had less diverse populations of microbes compared with rooms that were aired by leaving the windows open. But the air conditioned rooms had a greater portion of pathogens that lived on humans or belonged to groups that caused disease.
In a 2009 study, Andreas Voss at the Canisius-Wilhelmina hospital in the Netherlands, found that fewer than half of hospital staff washed their hands after using the toilet. He speculated that they might be more lax about their personal hygiene because the hospital environment was so clean.
"There's a good bacterial community living in hospitals and if you try to wipe out that good bacterial community with sterilisation agents and excessive antiobiotic use, you actually lay waste to this green field of protective layer, and then these bad bacteria can just jump in and start causing hospital borne infections or mediated infections," Gilbert said.
"If you open the windows and let all of these other bacteria in from outside, you will either dilute out the pathogens or not allow the pathogens to establish themselves because there is too much competition for the nutrients and energy that the bacteria need to survive," he added.
Mark Enright, research director at AmpliPhi Biosciences and a microbiologist at Bath University, said: "I do think that opening windows is a good thing. Air flow is a good thing in hospitals; you don't want pockets where organisms can pool and swarm and pass on."
But he described the idea that hospitals were too clean as "quite an extreme view".
"Given the opportunity, any bacterium that gets into the bloodstream and into sterile tissue will in invade and cause problems and produce toxins that can kill," he said.
Could've, would've, should've. There's nothing worse. And that's the feeling right now behind the now defunct Friday the 13th that was to be directed by David Bruckner – hot off Southbound – and written by “Hannibal” scribe Nick Antosca.
Bruckner, doing interviews for the anthology of which I produced, spoke to Hitfix about his plans for Friday the 13th, which was to open with the 1980's Paramount Pictures logo. While it's much of the same, this time he explains what he means when he compared the screenplay to Dazed and Confused.
“It was a proper ‘end of the summer' summer camp movie that took place in the late ‘80s…I like to say that ‘Dazed and the Confused'…was a huge inspiration to me in how we approached the character relationships, just because that's a movie that captures a kind of timeless — even though it takes place in the ‘70s — a very timeless, nostalgic experience. And it's very much — you chart several characters at once, it's very much an ensemble piece, and you really are able to get at this coming of age vibe. I just wanted to see a movie where you're that invested in everybody and [then] Jason Voorhees [shows up].”
Outside of the third A Nightmare On Elm Street, I'm not quite sure I've ever seen a slasher film played out like an ensemble, which is even more interesting than it being set in the 1980's.
What do you guys think? Is this the direction you wanted for Jason Voorhees or are you happy Platinum Dunes is starting from scratch? Sound off below!
Nvidia's DGX-1 supercomputer is designed to train deep-learning models faster than conventional computing systems do.
To companies grappling with complex data projects powered by artificial intelligence, a system that Nvidia calls an “AI supercomputer in a box” is a welcome development.
Early customers of Nvidia's DGX-1, which combines machine-learning software with eight of the chipmaker's highest-end graphics processing units (GPUs), say the system lets them train their analytical models faster, enables greater experimentation, and could facilitate breakthroughs in science, health care, and financial services.
Data scientists have been leveraging GPUs to accelerate deep learning—an AI technique that mimics the way human brains process data—since 2012, but many say that current computing systems limit their work. Faster computers such as the DGX-1 promise to make deep-learning algorithms more powerful and let data scientists run deep-learning models that previously weren't possible.
The DGX-1 isn't a magical solution for every company. It costs $129,000, more than systems that companies could assemble themselves from individual components. It also comes with a fixed amount of system memory and GPU cards. But because the relevant parts and programs are preinstalled in a metal enclosure about the size of a medium suitcase, and since it pairs advanced hardware with fast connectivity, Nvidia claims the DGX-1 is easier to set up and quicker at analyzing data than previous GPU systems. Moreover, the positive reception the DGX-1 has attracted in its first few months of availability suggests that similar all-in-one deep-learning systems could help organizations run more AI experiments and refine them more rapidly. Though the DGX-1 is the only system of its kind today, Nvidia's manufacturing partners will release new versions of the supercomputer in early 2017.
Fewer than 100 companies and organizations have bought DGX-1s since they started shipping in the fall, but early adopters say Nvidia's claims about the system seem to hold up. Jackie Hunter, CEO of London-based BenevolentAI's life sciences arm, BenevolentBio, says her data science team had models training on the DGX-1 the same day it was installed. She says the team was able to develop several large-scale models designed to identify suitable molecules for drugs within eight weeks. These models train three to four times faster on the DGX-1 than on the startup's other GPU systems, according to Hunter. “We had multiple models that originally took weeks to train, but we can now do this in days and hours instead,” she adds.
Massachusetts General Hospital has a DGX-1 in one of its data centers and has one more on order. It says it needs GPU supercomputers such as the DGX-1 to crunch large volumes of dissimilar types of data. MGH's Center for Clinical Data Science, which is coördinating access to the hospital's DGX-1 across the Boston-area PartnersHealthCare system, says projects using the supercomputer will involve analyzing pathology and radiology images, electronic health records, and genomic information.
“If you're incorporating not just x-rays, but a whole host of clinical information, billing information, and social media feeds as indicators of a patient's health, you really do need large amounts of GPU computing power to crush that,” says center director Mark Michalski.
Several other organizations are deploying DGX-1s to make sense of huge quantities of data related to health care and medical research. Argonne and Oak Ridge national laboratories use theirs to study the origins of cancer and identify new therapies as part of Joe Biden's Cancer Moonshot project.
DGX-1s are in active use in the AI research community as well. Nvidia donated the first DGX-1 it produced to the nonprofit AI research company OpenAI and gave nine other systems to universities with prominent deep-learning departments, including New York University, Stanford University, and the University of Toronto.
Multinational corporations are also snapping up the systems. SAP, which makes software to help businesses manage their operations and customer relations, has installed DGX-1s in two of its global innovation centers, one in Potsdam, Germany, and one in Ra'anana, Israel, and is running proof-of-concept projects on the systems to identify the best ways to make use of their scale and speed, says vice president Markus Noga. Fidelity Labs, the R&D arm of Fidelity Investments, also owns two DGX-1s and plans to use them to build neural networks or computer systems modeled on the human brain, says labs director Sean Belka.
Even those who already own a DGX-1 will likely continue to use a mix of high-performance computing systems, including cloud computing and other GPU-based systems, rather than move all of their deep-learning work to the supercomputer. Other companies might not buy one in the first place because of its steep upfront cost and fixed configuration.
But many seem to think the price is worth it. BenevolentAI estimates that the cost of renting enough servers on Amazon Web Services to match the DGX-1's performance would surpass the system's $129,000 price tag within a year. Greg Diamos, a senior researcher in Baidu's Silicon Valley AI Lab, who is an expert in high-performance computing, acknowledges that the supercomputer is expensive but says the price reflects the configuration work and support Nvidia provides. Baidu's AI Lab does not have a DGX-1, but is in the process of upgrading its system to the same GPU cards, and anticipates that the new technology will accelerate its AI research by about 3.5 times, according to Diamos.
“Companies that are focused on building deep-learning applications and don't want to worry about designing the hardware and software platform that they run on will probably consider the DGX-1,” Diamos says. “But I expect larger customers who do all of this work in-house to buy individual GPUs and integrate them themselves into custom HPC clusters rather than paying the premium for the DGX-1.”
Citing a Yahoo News interview with retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn last July, a House committee has opened an investigation into whether President Trump's recently resigned national security adviser received an improper payment from the Russian government for a trip to Moscow in December 2015.
In an unusual bipartisan letter, House Oversight and Government Reform committee chair Rep. Jason Chaffetz and ranking minority member Rep. Elijah Cummings have asked a Washington-based speakers bureau, Leading Authorities, to turn over information on how much Flynn was paid for his appearance at an event celebrating the 10th anniversary of RT — the Russian-government funded news organization — where he sat at the same table for dinner as President Vladimir Putin. Flynn also sat for a 44-minute interview with RT anchor Sophie Shevardnadze, granddaughter of former Soviet foreign affairs minister Eduard Shevardnadze, as part of the trip.
“We are attempting to determine the amount Lt. General Flynn received for his appearance, the source of the funds, and whether he may have received payments from any foreign governments for additional engagements,” Chaffetz and Cummings wrote in a letter to Mark French, the president of Leading Authorities.
As their basis for asking the question, the congressmen cited the interview Flynn gave to Yahoo News last July during the opening day of the Republican convention. In a testy exchange during the interview, Flynn first acknowledged being paid for the Dec. 2015 event.
“Yeah, I went over there as a speaker, it was a speaking event,” Flynn responded when asked whether he was compensated for the trip. “What difference does that make? I didn't take any money from Russia, I can tell you that.”
Then who paid you? Flynn was asked.
“My speakers bureau. Ask them.”
Russian President Vladimir Putin, right, sits next to retired U.S. Army Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn at an event marking the 10th anniversary of the RT (Russia Today) news channel in Moscow in December 2015. (Photo: Mikhail Klimentyev/Sputnik/Kremlin via Reuters) More
A spokesman for Leading Authorities did not respond to a request for comment. Flynn, who joined the Trump White House on the day the president was sworn in and resigned late Monday night, is no longer listed on the Leading Authorities website. But an archived section of the website listed Flynn's “fee ranges” as between $35,001 and $55,000 for talks in Europe and $55,001 and $75,000 in Asia.
At the time of the Dec. 2015 talk, Flynn had already been fired from his position as director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, and was not yet affiliated with the Trump campaign. But the investigators for the House panel have suggested that Flynn's compensation by a Russian government arm like RT may still have been improper because of Department of Defense guidelines advising retired military officers that they are still covered by the “emoluments clause” of the U.S. Constitution that prohibits acceptance of any “present, emolument, office or title of any kind from any King, Prince, or foreign government.”
The role of RT in furthering Moscow's interest was highlighted last month as part of a U.S. intelligence community report on Russia's attempt to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election. In an annex to the report, the intelligence community focused on the role of RT, concluding that “the rapid expansion of RT's operations and budget and recent candid statements by RT's leadership point to the channel's importance to the Kremlin as a messaging tool and indicate a Kremlin-directed campaign to undermine faith in the US Government and fuel political protest.”
During his Moscow talk, Flynn sat for an extended interview with Shevardnadze in which he expressed his views that the U.S. should avoid taking a confrontational posture with Russia, describing the U.S. relationship with Moscow as a “marriage.”
The victim was in her bedroom in an assisted-living home when a car crashed through a wall, killing her, Seattle firefighters said.
A woman was killed when she was pinned beneath a car that crashed into an assisted-living home Tuesday morning in North Seattle.
The 72-year-old victim was sitting in a chair in her bedroom when the car crashed through an exterior wall just after 11 a.m., according to Seattle Fire Department spokesman Lt. Harold Webb.
Firefighters arrived and performed CPR on the victim, but she was pronounced dead at the scene.
The driver, an 88-year-old woman, is also a resident of the assisted-living facility, operated out of a home in the 10700 block of 38th Avenue Northeast in the Meadowbrook neighborhood, Webb said.
The driver was trapped inside the car, and firefighters removed her from the vehicle, Webb said. She was not injured.
Seattle police traffic investigators also responded to the scene. The driver showed no signs of impairment, police said.
ERBIL, Iraq — Surrounded by a sea of dry fields, the Baharka refugee camp in northern Iraq looks exactly as one might imagine: dusty, poor and swept daily by scorching winds. Most of the souls wandering around with the sun at its peak and the heat overwhelming are careless children whose smiles are a reminder that rubbish also can make a fitting soccer ball. From time to time, when duty calls, a man in a dark green uniform also steps outside his tent.
Sahad Hala has just shaved. He is not supposed to report to the front line for another week, but recent clashes near his military base, less than 2 miles from an Islamic State (IS) position, might force him to deploy sooner than scheduled. He is prepared, just in case he gets the call. At first glance, Hala could be mistaken for a member of the camp's security team, but someone guarding a camp of tents provided by the UN refugee agency is unlikely to need his razor at work.
Since IS' military breakthroughs last summer, an estimated 1.8 million internally displaced persons (IDPs) in Iraq and refugees from Syria have fled to safety in Iraqi Kurdistan. Near Erbil, the capital of this autonomous region, the Baharka camp shelters nearly 4,000 people, mainly from Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, but also from the Christian stronghold of Qaraqosh. After these cities fell to IS between June and August 2014, white tents and makeshift shelters became home for 731 families who fled, sometimes overnight.
Among the teachers, electricians and greengrocers, Baharka has also welcomed at least a dozen members of the peshmerga, the military forces of Iraqi Kurdistan. For these homeless soldiers, the war against Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi's organization and self-proclaimed caliphate became personal when the jihadis took their city. “We want Mosul back,” Hala bluntly told Al-Monitor. Since the beginning of the conflict, the 45-year-old Kurdish officer from Qaraqosh has served at Bashiqa Mountain, a base overlooking IS-held territories in Mosul.
Saed Kakaei, adviser to the minister of peshmerga forces, told Reuters in mid-September that the number of Kurdish soldiers who have fled the battlefield is “concerning.” That said, some of the fighters who had to abandon their homes are still battling the people who forced them out.
Hala's eldest child, Ali, also decided to join the peshmerga. “Sometimes we meet each other on the front line,” the proud father said. Ali, who will next be deployed in four days, told Al-Monitor, “I left school and joined the peshmerga to fight for my land and my state.” Unlike his father, the 20-year-old does not need to shave.
To shelter his family of 10 children, Sahad Hala was given two tents and a small concrete shed for use as a private kitchen. The level of comfort is rudimentary, and physical proximity is reminiscent of military barracks. “It's so difficult to live here. It's not like before, when I had my own house,” Hala said. As he spoke, one of his younger sons waved his shirt to create a refreshing breeze. Their portable air cooler has been off since the previous day, after a power cut, forcing them to find creative ways to counter the greenhouse-like effect of their tent to keep cool.
Baharka is an open camp, as opposed to those sheltering Syrian refugees, who need a residency card to leave. The freedom of movement that Baharka IDPs enjoy does not, however, allow them to bring their vehicles inside because of the camp management's concern about car bombs. It is a rule that not all peshmerga fighters have complied with, arguing that they need their cars close by so they don't have to cross the camp with all their military equipment on their back.
Baharka is guarded by police officers, and the relationship between them and the peshmerga fighters can be tense, as the latter do not always recognize the authority of the former. The camp management, new to dealing with the peshmergas, is still looking for acceptable ways to regulate life inside a camp sheltering civilians as well as military forces.
In partnership with the Erbil governorate, camp managers in the region are working on a gun-safety plan called Gun Locker, which aims to track the circulation of weapons. “Every camp will have a locker, not only for weapons but also for uniforms, which won't be allowed inside anymore,” said camp manager Ahmad Abdo, who wants Baharka to remain a “civilian area.”
As a refugee himself, the Syrian manager believes that the sensitive situation in which the Kurdish fighters now live could fuel turmoil. “The IDPs, they had cars, houses, etc., but today they have nothing. So now every little problem can grow, especially when guns are involved,” Abdo said.
Ali Hala, who had been unaware of the gun locker policy, said he would not observe it. “I will never leave my weapon there. My gun is my honor,” he said. His father had given him his AK-47 when he turned 18.
Like all other soldiers enlisted with the peshmerga, Sahad and Ali Hala had to buy their weapons and ammunition at their own expense. Since the beginning of the war last summer, they say the demand for weaponry has dramatically increased as have prices. At the gun shop where they usually go, two bullets now cost $4. “My salary is 500,000 dinars [some $433] a month, and I spend at least 150,000 [$130] on ammunition every month,” Ali said, gripping his rifle's fully loaded magazine.
According to Ali Dahoud, another Kurdish fighter living in Baharka, military rules stipulate that every peshmerga fighter must always carry 120 bullets. “If I don't have enough, the first time they will excuse me, because I am a refugee. The second time, they will take money out of my salary,” said Dahoud, who has been a peshmerga member for seven years. These days, he can rely on his fellow homeless fighters to give him ammunition when in need.
In addition to expenses for weaponry, the IDPs must also consider the cost of gas to get to their military base. A round trip costs 50,000 dinars ($43). “My house was near the duty station. I could have lunch at home,” Dahoud said. Now that he lives in Baharka, more than 50 miles from Mosul, he spends more money on transportation than before. Once these costs are subtracted, not much is left to take care of his family.
When Sahad and Ali were asked whether they would consider quitting the army to find work that would allow them to afford to house and leave Baharka, both responded in the negative. “I will never quit the peshmerga,” insisted Sahad. “Not under any circumstance.”
Krillbite Studios have released a new update today regarding the release date for Among the Sleep on PS4.
According to the update, Among the Sleep will now release on December 8th on the PS4 here in the US, and December 9th for the rest of the world. In addition, Krillbite will be announcing a release date for the Xbox One version of the game later this month.
Among the Sleep originally released on the PC back in June of last year. A former writer of ours checked out the game, here's what he had to say in his review:
The game is disturbingly gorgeous, and even has Oculus support (though this reviewer hadn't tried that out, it would likely be terrifying). While some of the puzzles could be better designed, the story is at once wonderful, fascinating, and dreadful, and well worth trudging through the atmosphere to get through. It's a solid and unique entry into the horror genre.
You can read the full review by following the link. Stay tuned for the Xbox One release date announcement by following OnlySP on Facebook and Twitter.
WATCH: Mara Keisling on MSNBC: Trans People Need Proper ID to 'Participate Fully in Society'
Mara Keisling, executive director of the National Center for Transgender Equality, schooled viewers on the importance of proper legal identification for transgender people in an appearance on MSNBC's Live With Craig Melvin this past weekend.
Keisling discussed a newly proposed New York City law that would allow those applying for a city ID to self-identify their own gender. This would be a boon to transgender New Yorkers, enabling them to circumvent antiquated and burdensome restrictions in acquiring identification that properly reflects their presented gender, such as those still in force that prohibit the correction of gender markers on the birth certificates of transgender people who were born in the five boroughs of New York City. New York State has already modernized its regulations and instituted a simple process for correcting the birth certificates of transgender New Yorkers born outside the city limits.
When asked by guest host T.J. Holmes to describe some of the practical impacts of being forced to carry and present ID that doesn't match one's presented gender, Keisling didn't hesitate to give Melvin a list.
“Well, most Americans don't think about their ID much. They bring it out all the time. You have to use it a couple times a day in many cases,” Keisling told Holmes, “In our post-9/11 world, you can't have a job … you can't go shopping, you can't, you know, buy a beer, you can't open a bank account. So you can't participate fully in society unless you have ID that matches who you are.”
Asked about the onerous New York City birth certificate regulations currently still in effect, Keisling told The Advocate, “New York State did the right thing by modernizing their birth certificate policy, allowing transgender people to update their gender marker without expensive and onerous medical requirements. But these same benefits aren't yet available to transgender people living in New York City. The National Center for Transgender Equality urges New York City to follow the state's lead in dropping these outdated requirements. And by doing so, the city can be in line with the medical consensus on treating gender dsyphoria and recognizing gender transition.”
“Without modernized birth certificate policies, transgender people will continue to face difficulty enrolling in school or getting a job.” Keisling continued, “Birth certificates are an important source document too, so another challenge is that without accurate birth certificates, transgender people face difficulty getting other forms of ID like driver's licenses. The problem requires a really simple fix and provides enormous relief for transgender people.
“While NCTE applauds New York State for modernizing their birth certificate policy, they can improve their policy by removing unnecessary burdens for people who are under 18 years old and people who are incarcerated. We urge New York City to reference other model policies, such as the policy passed in the District of Columbia last year, and work with local and national advocates to develop a procedure that facilitates access to updated birth certificates for all transgender individuals.”
Watch the MSNBC segment below.
Next month, China will host the finals for the 65th Miss World beauty contest at a seaside resort in Sanya, Hainan. However, with the deadline for registration a week away, it is still not clear if one particular contestant will be able to compete.
Anastasia Lin, the current Miss Canada, is reportedly being denied a Chinese visa, likely due to her advocacy of human rights causes in China, especially her speaking out against Beijing's persecution of Falun Gong adherents.
The 25-year-old Lin was born and raised in Hunan, but now has Canadian citizenship. She moved to the country at the age of 13 with her mother, going on to graduate from the University of Toronto and building a career as a model, actress and activist.
The cutoff date for entry into the beauty pageant is November 20th, but Lin, a follower of Falun Gong, has yet to receive an official invitation from inside China, without which she can not complete her Chinese visa application, reports Radio Canada International.
According to The Globe and Mail, Lin says that all the other contestants already received their invitations last month. She believes that her outspoken views on human rights abuses in China have put her pageant chances in serious jeopardy and is calling for support.
“This is a moment when we show those who are trying to silence us who we are,” she said in an interview on Tuesday. “If everyone involved took a stance on this issue, I don't think China would dare to bully.”
However, Ike Lalji, the chairman and chief executive of Miss World Canada, told Reuters that Lin's attitude has changed in the past two days and she is now willing to agree not to speak about human rights abuses in China if she is allowed to participate in the pageant finals. Reuters reports:
Ike Lalji, the chairman and chief executive of Miss World Canada, said he had assured officials at the pageant's London headquarters that Lin would focus on the contest and not “her cause” if she was allowed to attend the Dec. 19 contest final in Sanya, China.
“I guarantee if she goes there she will just focus on the competition, she will not get involved in her cause,” Lalji said in a telephone interview. “It's a compromise.”
Lin, who has consistently said she will not be silent told Reuters that she never agreed to any such arrangement.
“They can't guarantee anything without getting me involved, and this is the first time I've heard of this,” Lin, 25, said in a telephone interview. “I have never agreed to such a thing.”
When asked about Lin's delicate situation, Canadian officials have all said that they cannot comment, except to say that they strongly promote human rights.
However, The Globe and Mail got a more straight forward response from Lalji:
When asked about Ms. Lin's status earlier this week, the legal associate at the group's London head office, Jai Gillman-Smith, wrote, “I am at a loss to understand why you should be asking this question.” Ms. Gillman-Smith then pointed The Globe to its website, where Ms. Lin is still listed as a contestant.
Miss World Canada's chief executive officer, Ike Lalji, however, acknowledged the visa wrinkle, saying that he will do his best to expedite the process through China's consulate in Vancouver if Ms. Lin is approved for travel.
In the meantime, Mr. Lalji expressed uncertainty. “All the girls in the pageant are supporting some kind of cause: Human trafficking or bullying,” he said. “But her cause is directly related to China, so I don't know how it will react.”
In an interview with RFA, Lin says she is still optistimic about her chances:
There are still 10 days to go, so we haven't given up hope yet. Miss World understands that I did a few things with the intention of helping some people out. I hope they will understand that was the whole reason I took part in this contest in the first place. Maybe they'll move the contest if the Chinese government doesn't give me a visa.
I am 25 years old, and I just graduated from college. I don't represent a threat of any kind to them. I just wanted to speak out on behalf of some Chinese people. I think that it would show the world how international they've become if they allowed me to go.
Earlier this year, Lin penned an op-ed in The Washington Post claiming that her father, who still lives in China, had started receiving threats from Chinese security agents complaining about his daughter's human rights advocacy.
Despite the threats, Lin vowed to carry on her work. In the article she wrote:
Many people have asked me why I have continued speaking out after my father was threatened. The answer is simple: If I allow myself to be intimidated, then I am complicit in continued human rights abuses. If I and others who share my concerns allow ourselves to be silenced, the Communist Party will continue abusing its people with impunity.
The European Parliament must be realising that the EU Commission has sold it a lemon.
Back in July, the parliament asked the commission to activate the rule of law ‘framework' in relation to Hungary. The commission's reply, sent to MEPs on 12 November, is bound to taste bitter.
The commission created the framework following a request from the EU's council for a mechanism to protect the Union's ‘fundamental values': the rule of law, democracy and human rights.
That appeal came after several EU governments had grown frustrated with the Union's inability to prevent Hungary's Viktor Orban from undermining constitutional safeguards following his rise to power in 2010.
The EU's only available tool, Article 7 of the Treaty on European Union, had already proved unworkable because it cannot be used without the consent of national governments, which are reluctant to target each other with sanctions.
Introducing the framework in March 2014, former commission president Jose Manuel Barroso and justice commissioner Viviane Reding explained that the new procedure would be easier to activate than Article 7.
If the commission sees a ‘systemic threat' to the rule of law, this framework allows it to start talks with a government and to issue it with recommendations.
Spanish request
At least two requests have been made to activate the framework since it was created.
In Spain, the NGO Rights International Spain appealed to the commission over reforms by Rajoy's government that ushered in public spending cuts and an epidemic of mortgage foreclosures, permitted by abusive clauses in loan agreements
In 2012, foreclosures prompted widespread public protests against the government and banks. In response, the government passed further legislation making it almost impossible to demonstrate without being hit with enormous fines.
To prevent protesters and consumers from fighting the fines and foreclosures in the courts, Rajoy also introduced court fees and slashed legal aid.
The government then took a chunk out of the judiciary's resources, slowing the justice system, and overhauled Spain's judicial council, which allowed it to pack the courts with judges of its own choosing.
The commission, nonetheless, does not consider this a ‘systemic threat' to the rule of law and is waiting for the constitutional court, as guardian of the Spanish constitution, to decide on the lawfulness of the legislation.
Only if this court fails to strike down the reforms might the commission accept that there is a problem.
The commission's understanding of the word ‘threat' is nuanced, to say the least. Surely when a government passes legislation designed to stop the courts from protecting citizens against government interference with their liberties, a systemic threat to the rule of law is already present.
Furthermore, under national law, Spain's constitutional court is allowed to take as long as it likes to examine cases – several challenges to the court fees legislation have been pending since 2013.
If the only national body capable of upholding citizens' rights is under no pressure to take action within a reasonable time, the commission can hardly consider the rule of law safe.
The Hungarian case
In July, the European Parliament asked the commission to intervene on Hungary after Orban launched a less than politically correct public consultation portraying migrants as job-stealing, society-wrecking terrorists and floated the notion of bringing back the death penalty.
While the rule of law framework is designed to allow the commission to examine the situation as a whole in a given country, the commission's reply to the parliament focussed on just these two issues, ignoring the cumulative effect of developments over the last five years: the coalition between Orban's Fidesz and the Christian-Democrat KDNP has packed the judicial council and constitutional court with party loyalists and severely curtailed the court's powers to review new legislation.
The media has fallen under government control; civil society organisations critical of the government have been stigmatised as foreign agents and harassed through spurious state investigations; and the latest elections were dubbed unfair by the OSCE.
Yet the commission persists in maintaining that there is no ‘systemic threat' to the rule of law.
Legal rebuff
Why is Frans Timmermans, first vice-president of the commission and responsible for fundamental rights, so reluctant to activate the framework? Perhaps because of the rebuff delivered by the council's legal service.
After the commission adopted the framework, the UK, to the annoyance of other countries and in breach of the protocol that reserves this right to the presidency (held by Greece at the time), asked the council's legal service to analyse whether the framework was lawful.
In a legal opinion of questionable quality, the council's legal service said that the commission's framework was not, in fact, lawful. Many member states disagree with the opinion, which has no legal effect.
Timmermans maintains that the framework is good to go. He has repeatedly shrugged off calls from the European Parliament for a new monitoring system, insisting instead that the EU should make better use of its existing tools – the framework, for example.
If Timmermans is convinced of his own advice, he should lead by example and put the framework to use.
Dr. Israel Butler is advocacy consultant to the European Liberties Platform, a network of European human rights watchdog non–governmental organisations (NGOs).
Image caption The government has come under pressure from former rebels to pass the law
Libya's parliament has passed a law banning officials from the Gaddafi era from holding political office.
The vote in the General National Congress (GNC) came a week after militias backing the law began besieging the ministries of justice and foreign affairs.
They had said they would not leave until the bill was passed.
The law could affect senior members of the government, including Prime Minister Ali Zeidan.
Both Mr Zeidan and GNC speaker Mohamed Megaryef were diplomats before the revolution.
Human rights groups say the measure is too sweeping.
"This law is far too vague - potentially barring anyone who ever worked for the authorities during the four decades of Gaddafi's rule," Human Rights Watch's Sarah Leah Whitson said in a statement on Saturday.
Other interests
In a vote broadcast live on state TV, 164 MPs supported the measure in the 200-member chamber and just four voted against.
It required a two-thirds plus one majority to pass.
Under the law, anyone who held a key official post between 1969 and 2011 is supposed to be excluded from government.
But it is not clear how long the exclusion will last.
The BBC's Rana Jawad in Tripoli says that while officials and the public at large generally see the law as necessary, many believe other interests are being pursued on all sides under the guise of demands for its adoption.
This includes militias afraid of losing power and political infighting within the congress itself, she adds.
A special commission will now be set up to implement the new law.
In March, protesters barricaded members of the GNC inside the building for hours to call for the new law to be adopted.
Militias blocked the foreign ministry last Sunday, moving in to surround the justice ministry on Tuesday.
But until now officials had been unable to agree the terms of the law.
Since Gaddafi's death, Tripoli and other Libyan cities have been plagued by violence and infighting.
The government has recently tried to dismantle militias that formed during and after the war that toppled the long-serving leader.
The sight of a football traveling 61 yards and barely making it through the uprights broke so many hearts in New York on Sunday:
That Jake Elliott kick for the Philadelphia Eagles took the team to 2-1, but it left the New York Giants 0-3. And it's hardly the first time the Eagles have stomped on Giants hearts over the decades of their heated NFL rivalry.
Let's look back at some of those losses:
1. 1978: The Miracle in the Meadowlands
The all-time classic, and one of the dumbest plays in NFL history: All the Giants had to do was to take a knee while up 17-12, but Joe Pisarcik decided to hand the ball off to Larry Csonka, leading to a fumble that was scooped up by Eagles cornerback Herm Edwards and run in for a game-winning score.
2. 1988: An overtime heart-breaker
The situation: The teams were tied at 17 in overtime with the Eagles' Luis Zendejas trying for a 31-yard field goal attempt. The Giants actually blocked it, but the Eagles' Clyde Simmons picked up the pigskin and scored.
3. 2003: Brian Westbrook makes the Giants pay for punting to him
The Giants were up 10-7 with 1:34 left, when Jeff Feagles sent a punt to Westbrook … who took it back 84 yards for the game-winning touchdown.
4. 2007: The Giants playoff comeback falls short
The Eagles were up 20-10 in their Wild Card game heading into the fourth quarter. A Jay Feely field goal and a Plaxico Burress touchdown with 5:04 left tied it up. But Jeff Garcia and the Eagles marched down the field and David Akers nailed a 38-yard field goal to eliminate Big Blue.
5. 2010: Miracle at the Meadowlands II
Five words: Don't. Punt. To. DeSean. Jackson. But Matt Dodge did with 14 seconds left in a 31-31 game and Jackson ran the ball back.
Before turning off the mic for Christmas break last Friday, "The Big Voice on the Right" went on the record with three big predictions about the 2018 election and some general prognostications about the Left's narratives — all of which would be welcome developments for conservatives.
In their desperation to take down Donald Trump, the Democrats and their drive-by counterparts have convinced themselves that they've already won the midterms, but all they've really done, Rush Limbaugh suggested, is walked themselves out onto a "plank."
"I'm gonna go on record December 22, 2017: Based on all that is known now, the Republican Party is not gonna lose control of the House, they're not gonna lose control of the Senate — and, in fact, the Democrats may lose even more seats in the Senate," said Limbaugh. "They're getting so far ahead of themselves that they're out walking a plank, and they have no idea how thin and precariously balanced it is."
The narratives the Left are counting on to give them the election — like the crumbling Russia collusion narrative and the supposed tax reform fallout — explained Limbaugh, will end up backfiring. The "collusion" narrative is already in shambles, he said.
"If there was any collusion, it was between Hillary and the Democrats and the DOJ and the FBI with a tinge of Russia thrown in with the Trump dossier, and this doesn't take any detective work," said Rush. "They have as much as admitted this in books written about the Clinton campaign, the Trump dossier and how that was commissioned. And the fact that all of these deep state people have been lying and making up these quotes for a full year about Russian collusion with no evidence whatsoever. There's no doubt in any of our minds what's really been going on here."
Meanwhile, as more Americans come to see the positive economic and personal impact of the Republicans' tax reform bill, all those polls the left-leaning media have cited as evidence that Americans hate it, will prove to be as empty as those predicting that Hillary would trounce Trump.
"They're repeating almost verbatim the same mistakes," said Limbaugh. "They've already got Trump beaten. I told you earlier this week: They think they've won the House back, and they're gonna be campaigning on two things. They're gonna be campaigning on this tax bill. They think they can really make points by criticizing the Republicans for letting you keep more of your money. The Democrats think there's some election to be won by promising to take your money back and giving it to Washington so that we can repay what the government has been heisted."
In response to CBS' John Dickerson reading bad poll numbers for the GOP tax bill, Limbaugh said the media is "not looking at that the right way."
"You drove those numbers down, Dickerson! You are the reason that people have such a low opinion of the tax cut bill," said Rush. "But once it is implemented and once the growth happens and once the personal income starts rising, what do you think's gonna happen to those poll numbers, Mr. Dickerson? You've driven 'em down so low there's only one way they can go. This tax cut can only become more popular in the polls."
The media, he added later, "has been telling everybody their taxes are going up, and people have believed it. The fact is 80% of taxpayers are going to get a tax cut. Eighty percent of Americans, 80% of people who pay taxes are gonna get a massive tax rate reduction. The last famous Democrat that ran for office promising to raise your taxes was Walter F. Mondull in 1984. He lost in a 49-state landslide."
After playing a soundbite of CBS' Susan Page declaring that "engagement by women voters" is part of the reason Republicans' prospects look so grim for 2018, Limbaugh asked his audience how many actually believe it.
"[W]e're to believe that they're really mad at Trump, that women voters really hate Trump," he said. "And those voters are gonna drive the midterm elections, and throw Trump out of office in 2020 and the Republicans out of the House and Senate in 2018. ... Weren't these all the same people who thought Hillary was gonna win the presidency? Weren't these the same people who believed all the polling data that said that Hillary was gonna win the presidency?"
RELATED: Rush Limbaugh Explains Why Democrats Are In PANIC Over GOP's Huge Tax Win
Partial transcript via RushLimbaugh.com
It's official: The Charleston School of Law (CSOL) has imploded.
Five days before its students were scheduled to take the 2013 bar exam – and ten days after a critical transfer deadline elapsed – the school has pulled the ultimate shocker, announcing a “management agreement” with a shady company specializing in the creation of what critics call “diploma mills.”
“If I even pass the bar – I now a have a degree from DeVry University,” one livid law school student told FITS.
Meanwhile a prominent legal blog – Above The Law – wrote that CSOL students “woke up this morning feeling a bit like exotic dancers who just found out that their strip joint was being sold to a whorehouse.”
The surprise decision – news of which broke exclusively on FITS – is being described as a “coup d'etat” on the part of the school's founders, one undertaken without the knowledge or consent of alumni, faculty, staff or students.
“All of this was very planned,” one source says of CSOL's deal with InfiLaw, a company which runs three other high-cost, low-outcome law schools across the country.
FITS has spoken with at least four students who have withdrawn their acceptance at the school – while three other students tell FITS they have spoken with attorneys about their options in the wake of CSOL's “deliberate deception.” The same goes for members of CSOL's alumi association and faculty – two groups which also appear to have been deliberately misled regarding the negotiations between the school and InfiLaw.
“We were told it was a consulting agreement,” one faculty member tells FITS. “They lied to our faces.”
Several key staffers at the school – included a prominent and well-respected dean – also tell FITS they were misled.
What a shame … and what a sh*tty way to do business.
We've had plenty of not-so-nice things to say about CSOL in recent years. In fact, this website broke the infamous bar exam scam story six years ago – in which the S.C. Supreme Court tossed an entire section of the bar exam in an effort to artificially inflate passage rates at the school.
Having said that, the school has done much better on recent bar exams – and with a few notable exceptions appeared to be progressing toward some semblance of respectability.
Not anymore, though …
Stay tuned to FITS. We'll let you know in the event lawsuits are filed in this case … given that everybody involved here is a lawyer (or an aspiring one), we suspect it is inevitable.
UPDATE: In the meantime, here's an interesting blog post with some more info on InfiLaw …
UPDATE II: Here, for now, is the official response from the head of the CSOL Alumni Association …
UPDATE III: And here is an especially eager email sent out by the school's student body president …
***
A candy bar is likely not the first thing that springs to mind when you think healthy eating.
But that's the idea behind the decision by Mars to reduce the calories in Milky Way and Twix bars.
The mega-candymaker — $30 billion in sales in 2010 — last week confirmed a report that it planned to phase out candy products that exceed 250 calories by the end of next year. Mars also plans to be up-front with its labeling, reduce sodium and introduce several products well under 200 calories. To date, the company has removed 97 percent of trans fat and saturated fat from its chocolate products.If you are a chocoholic or avid snacker you might be thinking: Kudos! (Also their candy bar.)If you are beholden to the bathroom scale, you might want to proceed with caution.Mars said its impetus was its “broad-based commitment to health and nutrition” — its ongoing efforts to manage portions and calories.But at the end of the day, do these types of marketing decisions really have an impact on what consumers decide to put into their shopping carts or their mouths?Or is this another smoke-and-mirrors marketing ploy by a food company to get consumers to feel good about buying products that maybe aren't the best options in the first place?The answer: Yes and no.“I have mixed feelings about this,” said Ashlee Hughes, a dietitian at the PinnacleHealth weight-loss clinic. “I definitely feel you should never deprive yourself in a diet or tell yourself you can't have something. But if there are offerings out there for something to satisfy your chocolate cravings that are not going to put you over your calories, maybe it's a good thing.“The main thing to keep in mind is that if you are tracking calories or trying to keep in a healthy weight, to account for the calories in that candy bar,” Hughes said.After all, 200 calories are still 200 calories.“I would think having a small piece or half of one — a snack size — would be more appropriate,” Hughes said. “The hesitation is that I wouldn't want people to think I was promoting that a candy bar is a healthy option to have.”Mars is guarding additional plans, saying in a corporate release that it's a 2013 initiative. It declined to comment when asked if the lower calorie count might come by way of a smaller product.Mars is based in McLean, Va., and operates a plant in Elizabethtown.The Patriot-News was unable to confirm with The Hershey Co. whether the company was considering similar initiatives.Aside from the residue left on fingers, one of the sticky things about 3 Musketeers and Bounty bars (again Mars) is that they still pack the calories and sugar.“A lot of people don't realize how many calories are in a king-size bar of any kind,” said Amanda Dolan, a registered dietitian at Capital BlueCross.Dolan, however, is of the mind that once a company like Mars stops selling those larger, calorie-dense snacks, people will opt for the smaller packages.“By the company doing that, some people are going to be cutting calories without knowing it,” she said.Dolan, in fact, gives Mars a high-five — not just for the calories initiative, but for cutting saturated and trans fats and reducing sodium in their products.“It may set a precedent for another company to follow suit and try to make products that are more healthy and keeping calories in mind,” she said.Like Hughes, Dolan believes everything in moderation.The flip side: Could those 250 calories be better spent?“When you do coaching, it's always best to ask, ‘What is best for you today? Would eating that candy bar be the best for you today?' Dolan said. “Sometimes the answer is yes, sometimes it's no.”Someone focused on weight management or diabetes management might be able to make a better choice, Dolan said.“It's in their hands,” Dolan said. “Putting it back on them. What would be the best for you? It's a great way to go. They have to think about it.”Dolan coaches people to never justify eating — especially with exercise — as in “I walked two miles today so, therefore, I'm going to eat this candy bar.”“That's not a healthy way to look at it,” she said. “You shouldn't feel guilty for eating anything, but at same time you have to ask yourself, ‘Was it worth it to you?'¤”Americans have an unhealthy obsession with guilt and food, Dolan said. They have the misguided propensity of thinking that just because you ate the piece of cake, you've sabotaged your diet.“It was just a McDonald's meal. You haven't sabotaged anything,” Dolan said. “Sabotage is destroying everything. This was just a meal.”Of course, Hughes reminds everyone that you don't have to eat a candy bar every day.“It's very easy to go overboard,” Hughes said. “It seems once you have a taste of sugar, once you give your body that taste of sugar, your body tends to crave more.”If you are still looking for ways to resist the temptation to buy that candy bar, Hughes suggest you arm yourself with a shopping list when you enter the grocery store and stick to it.Often, single candy servings are bought on impulse at the checkout, she said.“That's why they have them placed there, to sell more of them,” Hughes said. “If you are standing at the checkout, waiting and looking at them for some time, it's enticing.”
Visualising atoms of perovskite crystals (Nanowerk News) Organic-inorganic perovskite materials are key components of the new generation of solar cells. Understanding properties of these materials is important for improving lifetime and quality of solar cells. Researchers from the Energy Materials and Surface Sciences (EMSS) Unit, led by Prof. Yabing Qi, at the Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology Graduate University (OIST) in collaboration with Prof. Youyong Lis group from Soochow University (China) and Prof. Nam-Gyu Parks group from Sungkyunkwan University (Korea) report in the Journal of the American Chemical Society the first atomic resolution study of organic-inorganic perovskite ("Real-Space Imaging of the Atomic Structure of OrganicInorganic Perovskite").
Perovskites are a class of materials with the general chemical formula ABX3. A and B are positive ions bound by negative ions X. Organic-inorganic perovskites used in solar cells are usually methylammonium lead halides (CH3NH3PbX3, where X is bromine, iodine, or chlorine). The OIST scientists used a single crystal of methylammonium lead bromide (CH3NH3PbBr3) to create topographic images of its surface with a scanning tunneling microscope.
This microscope uses a conducting tip that moves across the surface in a manner very similar to a finger moving across a Braille sign. While the bumps in Braille signs are a few millimetres apart, the microscope detects bumps that are more than a million times smaller  atoms and molecules. This is achieved by the quantum tunneling effect  the ability of an electron to pass through a barrier. The probability of an electron passing between the material surface and the tip depends on the distance between the two. The resulting atomic-resolution topographic images reveal positions and orientations of atoms and molecules, and also provide a detailed look at structural defects in the surface.
Topography image of atoms of the perovskite crystal and calculated images with position of atoms and molecules indicated.
"At room temperature atoms and molecules are quite mobile, so we decided to freeze the crystal to almost absolute zero (-269ºC) to get a good picture of its atomic structure, says Dr Robin Ohmann, a member of the EMSS Unit and the first author of the paper. The crystal was cut and studied in a vacuum to avoid contamination of the surface. Dr Ohmann's colleagues from Soochow University calculated atomic structures using principles of quantum physics and then compared them with scanning tunneling microscopy data.
The researchers discovered that methylammonium molecules can rotate and that they favour specific orientations that lead to two types of surface structures with distinctly different properties. Apart from rotation, these molecules affect positions of neighbouring bromine ions, further altering the atomic structure. Since the structure dictates the electronic properties of the material, the geometric positions of atoms are essential for understanding of solar cells.
The researchers discovered that methylammonium molecules (represented by a ball-and-stick model in the centre) can rotate and that they favour specific orientations that lead to two types of surface structures with distinctly different properties (left and right images).
Scanning tunneling microscope images also reveal local imperfections caused by dislocations of molecules and ions and, probably, missing atoms. These imperfections may affect device performance, for example, by changing electrical properties such as conductivity.
This is the letter written to one voter and his neighbours by the secretary of Ukip's Dartford branch.
Brian Kemp, 58, a history teacher, said he received the letter after a confrontation with a leafletter in which he accused Ukip of being a racist party - and neighbours confirmed they had received it too.
"Dear Sir,” it begins. “"I feel the need to write to you at [address] to get an understanding of why someone at your property made a verbal insult on the 6th January 2015 to me.
“I also, in the interest of free speech and public duty, felt the need to pass a copy of this letter to every immediate neighbour of yours, for their own information and protection.”
It then continues for two pages with a detailed allegory in which membership of the European Union is likened to a "a prestigious lifetime gym membership" which commits you to building “a 721ft (220m) wind turbine” in your front garden.
Mr Kemp said he found it “extremely funny” but that his wife had felt threatened and intimidated.
The letter, posted in full below, is signed by Simon Blanchard, secretary of Ukip's Dartford branch and author of a strikingly similar blog post on Ukip Daily.
When Mrs Kemp contacted Ukip Dartford to protest about the letter, he replied: "There was no error made on the envelope and hope your neighbours had a good read as well."
Mr Blanchard and Ukip Dartford did not respond to requests for comment, but the party has confirmed that the letters were from him.
The letter indicates Ukip's continued problem with managing the passion it inspires in its ground level activists.
While the party will say it is being unfairly targeted - that everyone has a few obsessive supporters - all the political reporters asked about these letters said they had never seen anything like them given to a voter.
Last year James Kirkup wrote about how he gets more online bile and abuse from Ukippers than from any other political group.
"Its members and voters believe," he said. "They believe in their cause. They believe in their leader. They believe that they are right. They believe that they are going to win and that by winning, change things."
That's exactly how this letter reads - as if the writer is aggrieved, as if personally insulted, by the very idea that someone might disagree with his views.
But, however heartfelt, it's not a good look for the doorstep.
Will Nigel Farage regret becoming the kind of cult figure who attracts such, er, 'passionate' people?
Graduates in a 2011 file photo. (AP Photo/Butch Dill)
The collapse of for-profit giant Corinthian Colleges, a chain felled by charges of fraud and predatory lending, left students fighting to have their federal loans discharged under a little-known law meant for people just like them. But instead of a clear path to debt relief, many found themselves in an overwhelmly complex process.
New rules the Obama administration finalized Friday aim to change the system, but consumer advocates worry that people already contending with the existing process still face an uphill battle.
The regulations overhaul what is known as borrower defense to repayment, a statute that wipes away federal loans if a school used illegal or deceptive tactics to persuade students to borrow money for college. Few people used the defense until 2014, when Corinthian's closure ushered in a deluge of claims at the Education Department. That forced the agency to fix the system and create a new standard to judge appeals for debt relief.
“To protect students from the start, the regulations seek to deter institutions from engaging in predatory behavior or otherwise exposing the government to risk,” Under Secretary of Education Ted Mitchell said in a statement. “For students who are injured by an institution's conduct, these regulations provide a clear path to relief with all of their rights intact, and restore their right to sue.”
[Obama administration issues rules to overhaul student debt forgiveness]
Education officials kept intact much of the provisions proposed in June, which outlined violations that would make borrowers eligible for loan forgiveness. The government would consider wiping away debt in the event of a “substantial misrepresentation” by the school about the nature of the program, financial charges or the chance graduates have of finding work. Other qualifying violations include a breach of contract as well as a state or federal court judgment against a school related to the loan or the educational services for which the loan was made.
In response to public comment, the Education Department made a few changes in the final regulations, including a full ban on mandatory pre-dispute arbitration agreements regardless of whether students voluntarily sign them. The agency also will provide automatic loan forgiveness for anyone whose school closed on or after Nov. 1, 2013, so long as that person has not re-enrolled in another school within three years. Education officials say they plan to implement this provision before the rule takes effect on July 1, 2017 to streamline loan forgiveness for eligible Corinthian borrowers.
[Feds found widespread fraud at Corinthian Colleges. Why are students still paying the price?]
The move in part address concerns raised by Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), who last month urged Education Secretary John B. King Jr. to automatically cancel the federal debt of Corinthian students facing some form of debt collection. Warren's office found that the government was seizing the tax refunds, tax credits and other benefits of more than 30,000 borrowers eligible for forgiveness, while garnishing the wages of another 4,000.
As it stands, the department estimates that about 250,000 students who attended Corinthian's Everest and Wyotech schools in 24 states might be eligible for debt relief because the colleges widely misrepresented job placement rates. Yet just 82,000 people have filed claims as of early October, despite efforts to notify former students through mailers, email, partner organizations and other means. Of those claims, the department has approved 15,694 for a total of $247 million in loan forgiveness.
[Corinthian students may have a clearer path towards debt relief]
The glacial pace of sorting through the claims has activists calling for blanket forgiveness for Corinthian students covered by the department's fraud findings.
“If you do the math, there are well over 80 percent of folks who are eligible that either don't know to apply or have applied and the Education Department hasn't done anything with their application,” said Alexis Goldstein, senior policy analyst at the progressive Americans for Financial Reform. “I don't understand why the department is insisting on doing this person by person, instead of just approving students automatically.”
Other advocates are concerned that the final rules still leave group loan discharge to the discretion of the Education Secretary, and the federal statute will supersede stronger state laws.
“The group relief provision will only be effective in actually providing student relief if the department commits to making it so,” said Abby Shaforth, an attorney at the National Consumer Law Center. “Since most students who are defrauded will not know about their right to student loan discharge, it will be essential that the department act to pursue this relief on their behalf.”
By the department's own estimates, the new regulation could have an annual budget impact of anywhere from $199 million to $4.2 billion. To limit financial risk to taxpayers, the government is expanding the conditions under which colleges have to get a letter of credit from a bank assuring the availability of at least 10 percent of the total amount of federal financial aid funds it receives. Among the circumstances that would trigger a letter are lawsuits filed by federal agencies, defaults on debt obligations and enforcement action taken by an accreditation agency.
The financial obligation and complexities of the new regulations have raised the ire of some education groups.
“The department can continue to mislead taxpayers and Congress about the impact of this regulation, but the truth is this regulation puts the future of career education in America at risk,” said Steve Gunderson, president of the for-profit trade group Career Education Colleges and Universities. “This regulation will limit career education opportunities for new traditional students and ultimately deny millions of Americans a pathway to improving their life and growing the American economy.”
Read more about Corinthian Colleges:
What Trump University has in common with another failed for-profit college
A dangerous revolt: People are refusing to pay back student loans
How dozens of failing for-profit schools found an unlikely savior: a debt collector
It's draining to chase down all the public pronouncements on health care reform and the public option, which usually ends up with something Jane Hamsher has called working the yo-yo. Some Democrat or White House official backs off the public option, says it isn't the entirety of reform, outrage ensues, and they walk it back. Lather, rinse, repeat.
In comments today on a conference call from Families USA, Senate Finance Committee chair Max Baucus worked the other side of the yo-yo. Baucus, who voted against two public option amendments in committee, told reporters that some version of the policy remains alive in negotiations on a merged bill – but what form that will take is still up in the air.
The goal, Baucus said, was to include something in the bill that keeps premiums down and keeps insurance companies honest. “We just need to find ways to help reach that goal, in addition to the provisions in the bill,” Baucus said. Baucus cited several permutations of public option proposals under discussion, including what he described as “Medicare light [the robust public option], even playing field [proposed by Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-NY), there's co-ops–that's private, not public–there's opt in, opt out,” Baucus said. “It's alive,” Baucus said. “We're trying to see what makes the most sense.”
Regardless of the effectiveness of the compromises out forth here, this is a change in emphasis – Baucus has spent recent weeks arguing that he has to protect his bill to only those measures which can attract 60 votes. Instead of whether or not a public option will exist in the bill, the new battle is what form it will take. The same dynamic is happening in the House, where Nancy Pelosi is planning to trap fiscally conservative Democrats into living up to their own rhetoric by presenting options on bills that cost less when MORE reform is administered.
Why has this changed? Roger Hickey believes that moderate Democrats are starting to rethink their opposition based on political realities.
Most importantly, Reid and Baucus need to realize that even “moderate” Democrats are rethinking their positions on health reform right now. Concentrating their minds is the realization that they are about to vote to force every American over the age of twenty five to purchase health insurance. Moderate Democrats are the ones most receptive to the demands of the insurance industry, and the price the insurance industry is demanding in exchange for insurance reform (like preventing companies from discriminating against people with pre-existing conditions) is the “individual mandate” – which means voters are forced to buy insurance, whether they can afford it or not.
At this moment, all Democratic politicians, even the most conservative, are realizing that their voters will blame them, not the insurance companies, if the policies the voters are required to buy are so expensive that premiums consume over 20 percent of those voters' annual incomes. Suddenly, more generous tax subsidies to cover middle-class premiums seem like a good idea. And if the public option can bring down the cost of premiums those subsidies have to pay for, then the overall size of the reform price tag can be kept under control – a long time demand of moderate Democrats.
Digby recalls the disaster over the Medicare Catastrophic Coverage Act back in the late 1980s, when Democrats were forced to repeal a bill that provided catastrophic coverage to Medicare patients because a sliver of affluent seniors didn't like paying for the reform, and nobody felt the tangible benefits. Under a system of an unaffordable mandate without a public option, that could mirror what we see with this bill. And the way Baucus wants to make coverage more affordable is the worst kind of shell game:
Baucus said that one way to improve affordability would be to reduce the “minimum creditable coverage provision”—basically, what percentage of health care costs that insurance companies would be required to cover. One coverage category (classified as “bronze” under the Baucus bill) was set at 65% in the Senate HELP bill, which Baucus said could be reduced to 60% in conference to match the levels in the Finance Committee. Baucus hadn't indicated that the Democrats' conference-committee had come to a final agreement on the issue, but the attention he paid to detailing this option seemed to make his preference clear. While the Finance chairman did note in passing that “higher subsidies” were one way to address the coverage issue, he didn't bother to elaborate, adding only that “we don't want to go much over $900 billion over ten years.”
This matches what Olympia Snowe has offered as a way to make health care more “affordable,” but it's the worst way imaginable: by reducing what that insurance coverage would actually pay for. It won't be long before people getting subsidies recognize that their coverage is worthless when they have to shell out more and more money for care (I'm not sure out-of-pocket caps would even cover things that aren't covered in insurance plans to begin with).
This leads us back to the public option. Without this safety valve, both to depress costs and to offer an alternative to those angered by being forced to throwing hundreds of dollars a month at rich insurance execs, public opinion will be likely to take down health care reform, even if it passes. And maybe that's what Baucus is signaling. Of course, the President could simply refuse to honor deals with industry stakeholders and find enough money to make health care affordable while increasing price competition. After all, this would be the fiscally sound, politically popular and most meritorious (from a policy perspective) thing to do.
This article is over 10 years old
Prime minister and chancellor threaten legal action over any losses incurred by British citizens as banks are nationalised
Gordon Brown today said the British government planned to sue Iceland to recover the deposits of thousands of savers in the nation's stricken banks.
The chancellor, Alistair Darling, had earlier guaranteed that the government would cover deposits of British savers with Icesave, which yesterday stopped customers from withdrawing money from their accounts
The British government also seized control of Kaupthing Singer & Friedlander and put the business into administration, transferring the £2.5bn of retail deposits in its Kaupthing Edge accounts to ING Direct. Kaupthing is the largest bank in Iceland and the only one left of the big three still operating in private hands.
Iceland's woes deepened further this afternoon when Reykjavik put the third largest Icelandic bank Glitnir into receivership. The government had nationalised the bank two weeks ago but the central bank governor David Oddsson told Icelandic television that the "difficulties of the bank were much greater" than previously estimated.
The central bank also abandoned efforts to put a floor under its slumping currency by pegging it to the euro.
In a news conference today, Brown pledged legal action against the Icelandic government for refusing to honour its obligations after customers were prevented from taking money out of Icesave, an online British arm of Iceland's second biggest bank Landsbanki.
Landsbanki was taken over by Icelandic authorities yesterday after emergency legislation designed to prevent the tiny nation's economy going into a complete meltdown.
"We are showing by our action that we stand by people who save," Brown said.
"We are taking legal action against the Icelandic authorities, to recover the money lost to people who deposited in UK branches of its banks."
Iceland has suffered a tumultuous few weeks. The country's government is scrambling to save the economy from collapse and has asked Russia for a €4bn loan.
It has introduced emergency laws earlier giving the government sweeping new powers to take over banks, force them to merge or even into bankruptcy.
But the country appeared to sink deeper into the financial crisis today.
Sweden is granting liquidity assistance to the Swedish arms of Kaupthing, with a total loan of up to 5bn crowns (£400m).
ING Direct UK, the British division of the Dutch bank, is buying more than £3bn of deposits held by around 180,000 British savers with Kaupthing Edge, the UK arm.
The group also signed an agreement with the Treasury to acquire deposits from Heritable Bank, another British division of Landsbanki.
Today's action by Sweden comes a day after the Icelandic prime minister, Geir H Haarde, publicly criticised the lack of assistance the country has received from Europe.
The central bank said it believed that Kaupthing was solvent, but was suffering temporary liquidity problems that could have wider repercussions.
"To safeguard financial stability in Sweden and ensure the smooth functioning of the financial markets, the Riksbank has therefore decided to grant liquidity assistance to Kaupthing Sverige," it said in a statement.
With the deregulation of its financial market in the mid-1990s and subsequent stockmarket boom, Iceland had transformed itself into one of the wealthiest nations in Europe.
Many Icelandic banks and companies have invested heavily in Europe, making it even more important to ensure that turmoil is contained.
Kaupthing has also invested in European retail groups, and racked up debts of more than $5.25bn (£3bn) to help fund British deals.
The Icelandic government said today that it had extended its own $680m loan to Kaupthing to tide it over.
Trading in the bank was halted on the Nasdaq-OMX, after its shares plunged 34% this morning.
[With four updates below: May 19, 20, 22.]
I am going to be brief here because for anyone closely following the story of the Benghazi talking points these facts are well known. And if you're not following the story closely, you probably don't care. If you do care, but aren't following it, just click the links below and you can get caught up.
1. On May 10th ABC's Jonathan Karl reported a source's description of a White House advisor's email about the Benghazi talking points:
“We must make sure that the talking points reflect all agency equities, including those of the State Department, and we don't want to undermine the FBI investigation. We thus will work through the talking points tomorrow morning at the Deputies Committee meeting.”
2. That turned out to be misleading and inaccurate, as revealed initially by CNN's Jake Tapper and later confirmed by the release of all the emails in question. Karl's source, said Tapper, “seemingly invented the notion that Rhodes wanted the concerns of the State Department specifically addressed.” Tapper had obtained the text of the email in question. It simply didn't say what Karl said it said on one key point. Karl, it appeared, was relying on a source's quotation.
3. Tapper is a former colleague of Karl's at ABC News, and a former guest host of ABC's This Week, a duty Karl also takes on from time to time. The two men are in the same business. Both have covered the White House for ABC. If one says the other's source “invented” evidence that was passed along to ABC's audience, that is a serious matter.
4. Karl responded to Tapper's report by obfuscating without backing off, and claiming that the release of the full email chain would clear this up. So how about it, White House? ABC News also doubled down. It's spokesperson told Erik Wemple of the Washington Post that Tapper's report was consistent with Karl's.
5. The White House said Karl's source had “fabricated” the email in question. Here, the Obama Administration was warning ABC News that Jon Karl got played. Again, a serious matter. Also: news.
6. Karl's colleagues weren't buying his defense, as can be seen from this post by NPR's Scott Neuman and Mark Memmott. They were bothered, as well, by the way Karl created confusion about whether he had obtained the email in question or just heard its contents described by a source. This too counts as a serious matter.
7. Later, when the full email chain was released, the news was bad for Karl. The originals show that Karl's source was wrong about the White House protecting the State Department's concerns over other agencies. Jon Karl had called for this evidence to be released. It was released. The results only cast more doubt on his defense of the original story, and strongly suggested he had been played.
8. Yesterday, Taking Points Memo reported that members of Congress and their staffs were briefed on the emails and their contents. That's how Karl's source knew about them.
The ABC report was based on notes taken by a still-unnamed source, presumably a Republican, in attendance at one of two briefings the administration held for members and senior staffers of the Senate and House intelligence committees and top leadership offices in February and March of this year. The ABC report contained a great deal of the information the White House would ultimately reveal itself this week when it released all of the inter- and intra-agency email communication that ultimately resulted in the talking points Susan Rice used in a now-infamous series of appearances on network news shows on the Sunday after the attack. But it got one big part about the White House's role wrong…
Again: serious business.
9. I had been following all this and last night I said on Twitter: “Jon Karl got played. But he refuses to admit it. Every ABC anchor who doesn't ask him about it is complicit, too.” I was anticipating Karl's appearance on ABC's signature political program, This Week with George Stephanopoulos. He had appeared on May 12th, two days after his original report, to talk about Benghazi with guest host Martha Raddatz. There had been big news in the intervening week: the release of the original emails. I figured that ABC News would have him on again, if they believed so strongly in his original report. He is, after all, ABC's Chief White House Correspondent; the story that dominated Washington all week was the re-emergence of a scandal narrative. A typical headline: Obama Pivots to Jobs Tour at End of Scandal Filled Week. (That's from The Note, the politics blog at ABCNews.com, to which Karl is a major contributor.) Well, here's the line-up for This Week with George Stephanopoulos. No Jon Karl. Instead, ABC News Senior Washington Correspondent Jeff Zeleny.
10. When a confidential source burns a reporter, a reporter is within his rights to burn–that is, “out”–that source. But it almost never happens because reporters are concerned that potential sources will take it as a sign that the reporter cannot be trusted to keep their names secret. That's bad enough. But this is worse. Karl had a chance to limit the damage to ABC News from his faulty reporting when he first responded to Jake Tapper's report. He blew that. Inexplicably, an ABC News spokesperson then doubled down on Karl's original reporting: strike two. They had a chance to recover by asking Karl to explain how he got misled on This Week. They blew that when they chickened out and asked Jeff Zeleny to appear instead.
11. None of the major networks–ABC, CBS, NBC, Fox, CNN–has an ombudsman. This is mystifying to me. They don't seem to realize that since the rise of the Internet, their reporting is called into question far more easily and far more effectively. This case was especially likely to blow-up in ABC's face once Jake Tapper's report appeared online. When one reporter pisses on another reporter's scoop, the first reporter enters a danger zone. The overwhelming temptation is to defend the story and treat the critique of it by another reporter as professional jealousy. A wise editor would intervene. (Attention: Rick Klein.) That did not happen. When the newsroom hierarchy fails, as it did here, the ombudsman can step in and force an accounting. But there is no ombudsman at ABC.
Jon Karl has dragged the entire news division at ABC (and now George Stephanopoulos) into his self-dug pit. He got played. His colleagues at other news organizations know it. His friends at the network, were they real friends, would try to talk him out of this disastrous state of denial.
* * *
Clearly, I regret the email was quoted incorrectly and I regret that it's become a distraction from the story, which still entirely stands. I should have been clearer about the attribution. We updated our story immediately.
. Today, Jonathan Karl, feeling the heat from peers, decided to make a statement to Howard Kurtz of CNN, who read it on the air. The statement says:
In the statement he did not apologize. On Twitter he did— for failing to make clear that his reporting was based on a summary provided by a source. My favorite part of his statement is: “Clearly, I regret…” That's exactly what he and ABC News, through its spokesperson, were refusing to be clear about!
Media Matters has many more quotes from former journalists calling Karl's actions into question. Also see Josh Marshall's analysis at Talking Points Memo.
Andrew Tyndall of the Tyndall Report, which tracks television news, sends this:
On Thursday's CBS Evening News, Major Garrett spelled out how Jonathan Karl's Republican source had misrepresented the content of the e-mails in his Exclusive on the previous Friday. But Garrett did not mention Karl by name as the one who disseminated the falsity. On Wednesday, when Karl covered the publication of the actual e-mails by the White House on ABC World News, he resorted to a post hoc, propter hoc sleight of hand to suggest that they vindicated his previous reporting. Garrett, also on Wednesday, reported the opposite: that the relationship between the State Department's comments and the CIA's wording changes were coincidental, not causative. Per Garrett, the CIA redacted its talking points in response to the FBI's need not compromise its investigation, not in response to the State Department's need to avoid Congressional criticism.
Update II, May 19: After thinking about it some more, here's the problem for ABC:
If a reporter for your network tells the public he has “exclusively” obtained evidence he has not in fact obtained, causing other reporters for the network to repeat that untruth, and part of his report turns out to be wrong, in a way that a.) is politically consequential and b.) would have been avoided if the evidence was actually in the reporter's possession… what is the proper penalty?
ABC's current position: The reporter has to say that he regrets the misreport, and apologize for not being clearer, while benefitting from the confusion he created across multiple reports by sometimes being accurate (that he had summaries of emails read to him) and sometimes misleading us with the claim that he had “obtained” the originals. (Link.)
Can that stand? We will see this week, I guess.
Update III, May 20: Looks like we have our answer. There is now an editor's note attached to the original “exclusive” by Karl. It reads:
Editor's Note: There were differences between ABC News' original reporting on an email by Ben Rhodes, below, and the actual wording of that email which have now been corrected. ABC News should have been more precise in its sourcing of those quotes, attributing them to handwritten copies of the emails taken by a Congressional source. We regret that error. The remainder of the report stands as accurate.
I would have retracted the report, both the online and and on air versions. Not only because of the sourcing problems. The entire story seeks to make a scandal out of the fact that that the talking points were edited, or as Karl says on air “dramatically edited!” But how else do you get inter-agency agreement on what to say? Karl says on the air that many of the changes were “directed” by the State Department, but State didn't have the power to direct anything. With the editor's note and Karl's updates attempting to rescue his “exclusive,” the thing is now a mess. All to avoid confessing error and protect a misbegotten scoop.
Academic opinion as surveyed by Salon is strongly against Karl and ABC for flunking the basics of transparency.
Here's NPR's report, quoting this one.
The Washington Post fact checker takes on this episode, in particular the White House's claim that Karl's Republican sources must have fabricated and “doctored” the emails they talked about with him. He is not impressed with this claim, awarding it Three Pinocchios (significant factual error and/or obvious contradictions.) “We see little evidence that much was at play here besides imprecise wordsmithing or editing errors by journalists.”
Update IV, May 22: It is in the nature of these disputes that they get more granular as they go on. Andrew Tyndall, who monitors TV News at the Tyndall Report, has been thinking it through. He sends me an after-action report that I am publishing here. Tyndall effectively isolates the layer of Jon Karl's report that was, yes, a genuine scoop but also an important part of the story, if you really want to know what happened with the Benghazi talking points: The precise steps through which interagency drafting weakened the text into something opaque and, eventually, deceptive and wrong. That additional detail advances the story, as the Weekly Standard's earlier reports did. No doubt this is why Karl and ABC are insisting their story “stands.”
But as Tyndall says, Karl's report also tried to explain these changes–it went into the who and the why–by vaguely suggesting that the White House rep and the State Department rep directed them to be made, or somehow controlled the process. He wants to establish a kind of authorship or custody by State and the White House because he is aiming at another prize, beyond his “precise steps” scoop: catching Jay Carney in a lie or bald misstatement of fact.
The statement he was aiming at was the closer for his Good Morning America reports on May 10. “They [the White House] initially said only one word had been changed.” He's trying to show us that together, State and the White House changed a lot of words. Karl wanted to go beyond his exclusive. He wanted a scoop and a nailed lie too. But he mis-nailed it by getting a bum quote, and by failing to establish the undue authorship claim.
With that in mind, read Andrew Tyndall's take:
Detainees wait inside a hidden jail cell, masked by a wooden shelf, at the Manila Police District Station 1. Around 12 detainees alleged on April 27, 2017 that they were being held at the 1 x 3 meter detention waiting for ransom so they can be freed. Fernando G. Sepe Jr., ABS-CBN News
MANILA - The Commission on Human Rights (CHR) alleged Tuesday that several policemen are attempting to negotiate with the victims of a secret jail cell discovered inside a police facility in Manila last April.
"Ang nababalitaan namin meron mga pulis na pumupunta pa sa kanila at sinasabing huwag na silang magsampa ng kaso, hindi na daw nila papansin yung kaso hindi nila aasikasuhin para makawala daw yung mga tao na naging biktima ng secret detention cell na ito" CHR Commissioner Karen Gomez-Dumpit told ABS-CBN News.
(We received information that there some policemen approached the victims, urging them not to file cases. The officers allegedly said they would, in turn, also disregard the raps against the victims.)
When asked to comment on CHR's claims, National Capital Region Police Office chief, Director Oscar Albayalde said there was no reason to negotiate.
"There's really nothing to negotiate since CHR have already filed a case against the policemen at the Office of the Ombudsman. And I'm not privy to the info that some persons are negotiating," he said in a text message to ABS-CBN News.
The CHR found a dozen individuals detained in a cramped and hidden cell inside the Raxabago police station in Manila's busy Tondo district on April 27.
The detainees said they had been held there for about a week after being arrested on drug allegations. They also claimed policemen had demanded P40,000 to P200,000 for their release and the dropping of charges against them.
Philippine National Police chief Director General Ronald "Bato" dela Rosa initially defended the secret jail and accused the CHR of plotting to embarrass the government.
Dela Rosa however eventually apologized to the CHR for becoming "emotional" over issue.
CHR's Dumpit thanked Dela Rosa for his gesture and urged him to protect the victims of the hidden jail.
"Salamat doon sa paumanhin pero kailangan din po sana ay parisan din po yun ng kaukulang aksyon tungkol sa naganap na pangyayari, marami tayo kailangang gawin" she said.
"Nakikiusap kami sana magkaroon ng taimtim na pagimbestiga at siguro magnilay na rin ang ating kapulisan para mahinto yung ganitong practice."
(We thank him for his apology but we need to couple this with action. We need to do a lot of things. We request a thorough investigation and reflection on the part of our cops so that this practice will stop.)
Dumpit also welcomed Dela Rosa's reported plan to meet with CHR, but she said that he has yet to reach out to them.
When it comes to fighting wars, John McCain stands up and calls for sacrifice. "We never hide from history; we make history," he declared in his convention speech. But when it comes to taxes, McCain is unwilling to demand even a teensy bit of sacrifice. In a McCain administration, Americans would not have to surrender a dime more of their money to a cause larger than themselves.
Why this bipolar attitude toward sacrifice? Start with the answer that McCain himself provides. "My tax cuts will create jobs. His tax increases will eliminate them," he said at the convention, offering one of the speech's few policy contrasts between Obama's platform and his own. In other words, McCain is not calling for tax sacrifice because he believes it would be counterproductive. On taxes, he is saying, you can selfishly avoid sacrifice -- and serve the public good.
This, unfortunately, is a convenient untruth. Tax hikes taken to an extreme can indeed backfire, harming growth and job creation. But it's a stretch to assert that Barack Obama's tax plan would do that. And it's downright scandalous to pretend that the economy can be strengthened in anything other than the short run by unaffordable tax cuts.
Obama is not proposing to raise taxes for most Americans. To the contrary, he would triple the earned-income tax credit for low-wage earners, increasing work incentives at the bottom. He would cut taxes on people in the middle -- indeed, he would do so more aggressively than McCain would. It is only the wealthiest Americans who would face higher tax bills under Obama. According to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, Obama's plan would require the richest 1 percent of Americans to sacrifice a modest 1.5 percent of their after-tax income in 2012. By contrast, no-sacrifice McCain would award America's elite a 9.5 percent increase.
How might this impact jobs and the economy? Under Obama's plan, top earners would pay a marginal federal tax rate of maybe 46.5 percent (that includes the Medicare tax and Obama's proposed hike in Social Security taxes), considerably more than the 37.9 percent they would pay under McCain. There's no doubt that Obama's higher tax rates would mean weaker incentives to work, take risks and innovate; and stronger incentives to waste time and effort on avoiding the tax man.
But those bad effects must be weighed against a good one: Higher tax rates mean a lower budget deficit. According to the Tax Policy Center, over the course of a decade Obama's plan would result in a national debt $1.2 trillion smaller than you would get under McCain's plan. Less government borrowing ultimately means lower interest rates and more private investment. This positive effect may well outweigh the blow to growth and jobs from weaker work incentives.
Tax hikes, in other words, are not automatic job destroyers. Joel Slemrod of the University of Michigan, a top expert on this subject, says bluntly, "There is no compelling evidence that a low-tax strategy is better for the economy over the medium or long run." Just look at the Clinton era. In 1993, the top marginal rate (income tax plus Medicare) was raised to 42.5 percent -- the same rate that Obama proposes but minus the candidate's proposed increase in the payroll tax. During the rest of the Clinton period, the economy generated millions of new jobs, and careful academic postmortems find that the 1993 tax hike caused little to no damage to the incentives of top earners.
So McCain's swipe at Obama's tax plan was something other than straight talk. As a share of the economy, Obama's plan would create an overall tax burden similar to the one that existed in Ronald Reagan's time. It would not choke off job creation; rather, it would slow the growth of the deficit and soften inequality. But the really depressing thing is that McCain himself once knew that. He opposed the Bush tax cuts before he supported them, saying that they would deepen inequality. But now he touts a tax reduction that is larger and more radical than even President Bush proposed, and he slams his opponent for holding the view that he himself held until recently.
McCain used to be a real straight talker. On campaign finance, spending earmarks, Iraq and immigration, he has fought bravely for his principles; and that record might have been a trump against an opponent who has taken almost no such risks. But we are now witnessing what might be called McCain's Palinization. McCain once criticized Christian conservatives as agents of intolerance, but he has caved in to their intolerance of a pro-choice running mate. McCain claims to be devoted to his country, yet he would saddle it with a vice president who is unprepared to serve as commander in chief. In the same sad way, McCain has caved in to his party's anti-tax fanatics. The man of principle has become a panderer. The straight talker flip-flops.
smallaby@cfr.org
If you spend as much time as I do worrying about the coming zombie apocalypse (and let's face it, you're reading GeekDad so in all likelihood it's at least in the back of your mind), clear some space on your bookshelf beside Dr.Spock and pick up a copy of The Zombie Combat Manual: A Guide To Fighting The Living Dead, by Roger Ma. Not only will you learn how to defend yourself against the shuffling menace, but Ma dedicates a chapter of his book to the critical topic of protecting your children during a zombie outbreak.
The Zombie Combat Manual was a great read that I completed in only three sessions -not because it's shallow or particularly short (for the record, it clocks in at around 300 pages), but because it was entertaining and quick paced. Author Roger Ma presents the book as a combat manual that focuses on hand-to-hand fighting or small weapons use, based on the premise that while guns may be more effective at a distance, Murphy's Law dictates that at some point during an outbreak, you'll be facing a zombie without the benefit of a firearm. And survival favors the prepared. Covering everything from an effective exercise regimen to zombie vulnerabilities, weapon selection, defensive equipment, child protection and even the reality of decapitation during combat (it's much harder to achieve than you might think based on what you see in movies), the book is also sprinkled with sections where survivors recount their experiences. Underestimation of the undead is a common theme in these stories. Gamers will appreciate the way weapons are presented as different classes, each complete with a ranking of effectiveness against zombies, an expected lifespan (measured in zombie engagements), skill level required, availability and cost. Using this system, a common screwdriver, for example is considered to be highly effective, good for 100+ zombie engagements, requires a very high skill level ( the best results are achieved when close enough to drive the blade up from under the zombie's chin), but it's very common and very inexpensive.
Since this is GeekDad, a few words on the Child Protection chapter might be in order. First of all, in case the talk of decapitation and driving screwdrivers into zombie skulls wasn't a strong enough clue, let me point out that the book itself is not for your kids. Besides the graphic description of zombie combat, it's complete with black and white illustrations that effectively showcase the results of different attacks, so keep the book to yourselves. Among Ma's advice to parents: always have a stroller on hand (because the energy needed to carry a child to escape a zombie outbreak would be better spent on foraging, security and defense), avoid close-quarters fighting if you're carrying a child strapped to you in a carrier (duh!) and, as parents, it's important to inform kids about the zombie life cycle so they know to run should their guardian be turned. It's not a pleasant topic, but it's important that they understand the dangers the living dead present. And I thought "stranger danger" was a tough conversation…
In all seriousness, The Zombie Combat Manual succeeds because it doesn't try to rehash everything there is to know about zombies, it concentrates on hand-to-hand combat survival techniques. There are just enough encounter sections to keep things moving and Ma's sense of humor prevents the book from getting too dark, despite the often gruesome subject matter. Y.N. Heller's illustrations are the prefect accompaniment, adding an element of gory camp to the equation. The funny thing is, I was reading a novel during the same session that prominently features the undead (Cherie Priest's Boneshaker), and found myself wincing when her characters did the "wrong thing" (according to the combat manual) when encountering rotters; I guess I did pick up on the techniques. Check out the Zombie Combat Club website for more tips, pointers and hints.
Currently selling for $9.99 on Amazon, the book could be the best ten bucks you spend on zombie preparation. If you like the cool "Zombie Combat Club" emblem on the book cover, T-shirts and decals sporting the logo are available from Zazzle. Roger sent me one of the decals and I can't decide where to put it (kind of throwback to grade one and the whole "sticker hoarding" issue), so I'm thinking of just ordering a shirt so I don't have to make the decision.
Welcome to Gaming Together: Eon Altar!
Author's Note: Hello and welcome to Gaming Together! I'm your host CradledCat, and I'm truly excited about this opportunity to share my passion for multiplayer gaming.
I want this series to be a close look at games with a penchant for bringing players together as human beings – a kind of anthropological journey to the heart of the so-called “local multiplayer renaissance.”
My goal is not to prattle on about the significance of GoldenEye or Super Smash Brothers, but rather to arm you, the gamer, with a suite of hip, local multiplayer titles which you can use to share our love of gaming with your friends – whether they be pro-gamers or hapless pizza party attendees.
The first game I'll be discussing is Eon Altar, (Steam) a mobile-enhanced local co-op role-playing game available on PC via Steam. This game will run on most PCs or laptops, but it does require (up to four) players to connect to the game via WiFi through a free smartphone controller app (more on that later). Personally, I recommend viewing this game on a TV from the couch.
I'll be mentioning a game called Divinity: Original Sin (Metacritic) a lot on this article. I'm using it here as a shining example of a well-made title from the genre of the so-called “classic role-playing game.” Coincidentally, Divinity 2 hit early access yesterday. The classic roleplaying game genre often features an isometric (third-person) camera, a party of heroes, and a grand quest which plays out according to the actions and skills of your characters. Enjoy!
Zoboomafoo in the age of Harambe
If Divinity: Original Sin is the 600-hundred-pound gorilla of the Classic Roleplaying Game revival, then EON ALTAR is a Zoboomafoo – the playful Lemur with the power to introduce the wonderful adventure genre to all kinds of new players.
Eon Altar isn't about throwing a thousand overt systems at a player: It's about creating an environment where experienced gamers and beginners can work together to create a meaningful experience. Eon Altar works well It's impossible to “screw up your character” or “mess up a save.”
Because of the ease of setup and polish on the mobile companion app, I've seen this game played and enjoyed by folks decidedly outside the target demographic for dungeons and dragons style video games. It's so easy for people to feel comfortable with the “controller” in their hand (since it's their own smartphone.) There are downsides to the ease of access, sure, like a shallow loot system, but I don't mind and you shouldn't either – here's why: Everything in this game serves to facilitate the adventure.
Whereas Divinity gives the player access to oil, fire, and the ability to try and set fire to the first town they come across, Eon Altar's game making tools are simpler, more subtle, and capture the social element of pen-and-paper roleplaying games in a way that Divinity or Wasteland 2 couldn't hope to achieve.
And I know, after reading what I've written here so far, all I've done so far is described a “Divinity-lite” sword-and-sorcery RPG. Ha! Forgive me my drama, my misplaced sense of suspense, but it truly is so hard to codify the magic of this game, and it becomes easier when comparing Eon Altar to its well-known brother.
I think a big part of the trouble I have when describing what makes Eon Altar special starts with a recent trend for a role-playing game to mean “any game with quest markers and a level-up bar.” Recently, it's been decided that limitless character creation is the wave of the future, and games that don't keep up are considered “shallow.” Crafting a player character has become about equipping the hero with the correct amalgamation of combat and exploration skills so the player can pick every lock, hack every computer, and generally access all aspects of the game. (Wasteland 2 is brutal for this.)
In Eon Altar, “role-playing” is about playing a role – like an actor plays a role in play. Within minutes of the opening bell, Eon Altar will have the player reading character lines from their phone. You'll be talking to stiff-voiced NPC's, but you'll also be talking to each other. In the playthrough I had with my girlfriend, we picked characters with complimenting class roles – I was the paladin and she chose the battlemage. In combat, we worked beautifully together: fireballs and holy fire scorching the bandits that crossed our paths.
Out of combat, we fought like cats and dogs. Her character's dialog had her preaching about love, truth, and the beauty of nature. My character (through my voice) preached on-and-on about how much he hated witches and loved the church. It was an engaging and humorous experience, and it lent it well to promoting camaraderie through the players.
Eon Altar: The Pizza Party RPG
I've maybe done a disservice to Eon Altar by comparing the game so heavily to Divinity: Original Sin, but I feel like it needed to be done. As a reader, I feel like it's important to understand the author's experiences – especially if I'm trying to decide whether to spend my money according to that author's recommendations. This is why, as an author, I feel it's so important to tell you that I've seen the systems (crafting, combat, physics) that allowed Divinity to scoop up every industry award available. I've played the games that “set the bar” for classic role-playing games, and even though Eon Altar doesn't have the depth or polish as some of these titles it succeeds in areas previously uninhabited by any video game ever.
Picture this: you invite three people over to enjoy you for a night of pizza and gaming. In one scenario, you prepare the groundbreaking RPG Divinity: Original Sin (as well as the 4 player COOP mod, of course.) Five minutes in, everyone is hard at work creating their characters. The experienced players are deciding which forms of magic they should take while the newer players are googling what the hell “dexterity” is. Ten minutes, in, you're viewing the opening cinematic and someone says, “finally” and stands up to take a pee. Now it's 30 minutes in, two players are lost and one guy decides it's time to start over because he found a really cool bow and he wants his character to be an archer.
Or, with Eon Altar: at five minutes you've got characters picked, the introduction out of the way, and the dude playing the paladin has already come up with a voice for his character and he's demanding the rest of the group pay their tithes in pizza. Oh, and speaking of pizza – isn't is great that everyone is rubbing all that grease on their own electronics for once?
Cradledcat a.k.a. Cory A. Thompson is a videogame journalist based in Asheville, NC. Follow him on Twitter, Facebook, and Medium.
HARLEY Bennell had a moment for Peel during the second quarter at Bendigo Bank Stadium on Saturday that was far more telling than his restricted match time and limited touches.
Scything through a pack on the wing, Bennell jinked and weaved in heavy traffic in a fashion he displayed numerous times during 81 matches for Gold Coast. The power and agility in his legs was evident and there was no sign of the calf problems that have ruined his time at Fremantle.
“It is good it is still there,” Bennell said.
“I feel I haven't lost my touch.”
Limited to about 15 minutes as a deep forward in each of the first three terms before an early finish in the last, Bennell chafed at the restriction, but recognised his long-term injury problems warranted a cautious comeback.
“I feel I am getting back to my best but they are holding me back,” he said.
“Growing up I always hated being told what to do on the field but when I have to stop I have to stop. The numbers showed I am still capable of running the game out, but I got stopped in the last quarter.”
Bennell had little impact in Peel's loss — a mark and handball in the first term, a kick and handball in the second, and just two touches in the last — as Subiaco's Angus Litherland applied a tight clamp.
But the 24-year-old's main goal was to get through his second match in as many weeks after spending nearly two full seasons on the sidelines amid a series of off-field dramas.
Camera Icon Picture: PerthNow
“In life you have your ups and downs,” he said. “I am looking forward to the future.”
Bennell was was clear about the joy of playing once again.
“The calf is feeling great, my mind is feeling great and it is good to be back out on the park,” he said. “We will take it week-by-week, I will be assessed on Monday, but there is no time bracket on when I will be back.
“I love football and the support I've had from Ross (Lyon) and my family and the boys around the football club has been good. It was good running out with the boys. It is good to be playing football full stop.”
Xperia Z2a announced in Taiwan; launches July 2014
Sony Mobile Taiwan has announced the Xperia Z2a for the region, as expected. The model is basically the same phone as the Xperia ZL2 (SOL25) that was announced for au by KDDI in Japan recently. However, one big difference between both phones is that the Xperia Z2a will only have 16GB internal storage versus 32GB for the Xperia ZL2. The Xperia Z2a will support Taiwan's full-band 4G LTE (700MHz, 900MHz, 1800MHz) network, the first Sony phone to do so.
The Xperia Z2a has a 5.0-inch 1080p VA display, a sealed 3000mAh battery, the Snapdragon 801 (MSM8974AB) chipset, 3GB RAM, 20.7MP Exmor RS camera, VGA (0.3MP) front-facing camera and IP55/IP58 certification for dust and water resistance. Sony says that the Xperia Z2a will launch during July in three colours (black, white and turquoise), no pricing has been announced right now. The LTE-enabled Xperia T3 was also announced for Taiwan and is also expected to launch in July 2014.
Xperia Z2a hands-on photos
The Xperia Z2a has a SONY logo on the back cover, with the Xperia logo sitting at the bottom. This differs to the Xperia ZL2 that had the Xperia logo in the middle and au logo on the bottom. Click here for the Xperia ZL2 hands-on photos.
Via Chinese Engadget.
Thanks Ben!
In the 1930s part of Erskineville Park was recycled for an experiment in public housing, which saw the construction of seven blocks of dwellings by 1938. The NSW Government's Erskineville Rehousing Scheme set an example to encourage councils to replace slums with low-cost housing. Previous housing in the area had been described as badly built and poorly ventilated, with ‘crude sanitary arrangements'. Over half the old houses had no bathroom or laundry. Few of the kitchens had running water and most of the buildings were dilapidated.
Harry Noble Reserve is bounded by Swanson and Copeland Streets and Fox and Elliott Avenues, Erskineville. Like the adjoining Erskineville Oval it is on part of grants to Nicholas Divine in 1794 and John Thomas Campbell in 1825 (sold to William Hutchinson in 1829). The park was proclaimed as Macdonaldtown Park in 1885 changing to Erskineville Park in 1892.
Instead of clearing the slum houses, however, the new dwellings were built on part of Erskineville Park. The Erskineville Rehousing Scheme area is now bounded by Elliott Avenue, Swanson, Binning and Ashmore Streets. Another part of the park was taken over for the Lady Gowrie Child Care Centre, completed in 1940. The centre was part of a national programme of the Commonwealth Government aimed at improving the poor health and nutrition of many inner city children. It was named after Lady Gowrie, the wife of Baron Gowrie who was Australia's Governor-General in 1936-1945.
The residue of just over two acres was returned to council in 1955 and the bowling club was built in 1956. This reserve was named in 1960 after Harry Noble, an Alexandria alderman from 1928 to 1932 and state MP for Redfern from 1947 until his death in 1949 at the age of 58. Harry was born in Darlington in 1891 and trained as a gasfitter with the railways where he was employed from 1908 until his election to Parliament. He was an active member of the ALP and served on Bill McKell's campaign committee for 21 years until he succeeded him in the seat. His son Cliff Noble was a City Council alderman from 1959 to 1965.
Main image: Swanson St, 1962. (City of Sydney Archives, CRS 48/2359)
Further reading
Tropman and Tropman, “Draft Plan of Management for Erskineville Oval”, 1992.
Marc Bergevin isn't one to shy away from making noise on the market. With the addition of Alexander Radulov in the off-season, Montreal's offence has looked threatening at times, but has been lacklustre in the second half of the season.
With the trade deadline looming, the Habs could use a top-six centre to improve their offence and bolster their forward corps. While Bergevin stated yesterday that elite centremen simply weren't available, Matt Duchene is one candidate widely reported to be on the market who could give the team a more dynamic makeup down the middle.
Duchene has been playing alongside young and skilled players with the Colorado Avalanche. Nathan MacKinnon and Gabriel Landeskog have been among his most common linemates over the last two seasons. However, with Colorado's playoff hopes all but done, general manager Joe Sakic will be extremely busy swapping roster players for future assets, and Duchene is sure to be a hot commodity as the trade deadline approaches.
Duchene, 26, has spent his entire NHL career in Colorado after being drafted third overall in 2009. Known as a speedy, offensive centre, he has posted strong numbers throughout his career, with his most productive year in 2013-14 when he scored 70 points in 71 games.
Duchene's pedigree instantly places him on radars around the league, as top-six centres are hard to come by on the market. His speed and skill with the puck allow him to expose defences easily, and he is a very capable playmaker. He also has good instincts around the net, as eight of his 15 goals this season have come around the blue paint, either from deflections or a rebound.
This following goal shows his offensive awareness and speed in combination, as he sets himself up for a breakaway.
Duchene has been in the playoffs on just two of his eight NHL seasons with the lowly Avalanche, scoring six points in a total of eight games. He has also represented Canada several times on a variety of stages. He has five World Championships, Olympic gold, and the World Cup of Hockey all under his belt, and is usually picked due to his skill and excellent skating ability (and his availability to attend the World Championships each May).
He is currently in the third year of a five-year deal with a $6 million cap hit. For that reason, he doesn't qualify as a rental player, as he will still have two years left on his deal following this season.
Cost
Duchene will not be easy to acquire however, and various teams will be calling for his services. As a top-line centre, he is among the more valuable players in the entire league.
Organizational Depth Chart A constantly updated chart of the players in the Habs system, from junior prospects to the current NHL roster. View it here.
Montreal is in a position to win now with players such as Max Pacioretty and Carey Price on cap-friendly deals, but they'll be in for big raises in the next few seasons.
Before those contracts expire, another key player is due for an extension, as Alex Galchenyuk
Galchenyuk's bridge deal concludes at the end of this year. Given his performance over the two seasons that contract covered, he will be due a large sum on a new contract. If you compare it to the deals doled to similarly aged players Mark Scheifele and Johnny Gaudreau, Galchenyuk is probably looking at a dollar figure that eclipses what Duchene currently earns.
One solution to that situation was proposed by Elliotte Friedman in his latest 30 Thoughts column: trade Galchenyuk to the Avalanche for Duchene. The Habs would avoid the unknown of heading into contract negotiations with a star player and get an older player who fits into their “win now“ mentality while also becoming a key piece for the next few seasons.
Galchenyuk vs. Duchene
The two centres are fairly similar in several ways. They're both high-end offensive players who thrive when playing with skilled linemates. The most basic comparison is their offensive output throughout their hockey careers, which is outlined below in terms of points per game played.
Matt Duchene Season Alex Galchenyuk 0.78 Draft -1 (OHL) 1.22 1.39 Draft (OHL) 0.00* 0.68 NHL Rookie 0.56 0.84 NHL 2 0.48 0.48 NHL 3 0.58 0.91 NHL 4 0.68 0.99 NHL 5 0.78 0.67 NHL 6 - 0.78 NHL 7 - 0.67 NHL 8 - 0.75 NHL Average 0.61
* missed all but two games with an injury | current season data in italics
Duchene comes out ahead in points between the two, even if you remove his two near point-per-game seasons from the latest lockout to the end of the 2013-14 campaign. They have nearly identical rates over the previous two seasons, and Galchenyuk has seen a steady progression in each of the past four years.
In terms of advanced stats, there's nothing that stands out particularly in one player's favour.
Galchenyuk has a more stable game-to-game performance, with Duchene having more ups an downs, but on average, the two match up well. Galchenyuk does hold a significant edge in scoring-chances-for percentage, but that advantage is neutralized when comparing their relative stats, factoring in the strengths of the clubs on which they play.
Interestingly, the ongoing slump from Galchenyuk that has seen him post just two points in eight games has been his best stretch of scoring-chance generation, rocketing up to a 10-game average of 75% after Saturday's matchup with the St. Louis Blues. The string of games that have led to Galchenyuk's most vocal criticism in some time is actually his most dangerous run since he was recording two-goal games with regularity at the end of last season.
Is Duchene a fit?
The fact that he holds his own in comparison to one of the Canadiens' current stars is evidence that he would be an excellent addition to the team for a playoff run and beyond. But not if the price for acquiring his services is that equally talented, younger player the Habs already have.
That particular swap would essentially be a lateral move in the short term and, given that Duchene is three years older, a move backward from a long-term perspective. The savings on Duchene's contract won't be significant enough on the long extension that Galchenyuk has earned to trade potentially eight years of top-line offence for two-plus seasons of similar production.
A different package could work to bring in Duchene, keeping Galchenyuk in place and giving the Habs a 1-2 punch for the next three playoffs runs at least.
Bergevin stated in his bye-week press conference that he wasn't entertaining the notion of trading a top prospect for a deadline acquisition, meaning Mikhail Sergachev is likely off the table.
With two number-one centres on the roster, the team would have some redundancies down the middle. Ideally the Habs could convince the Avalanche to add the veteran presence of Tomas Plekanec to their young, struggling corps, thereby shipping out exactly enough salary cap commitment to accommodate Duchene's deal. Even if the Habs added several more assets, that probably isn't a very enticing combination.
The surprising Phillip Danault would be a great addition to an Avalanche team that desperately needs help on both offence (30th in goals for, even with Duchene) and in defensive aspects of the game (28th in goals against). The addition of a defensive prospect ready to make the jump to the professional ranks (perhaps Noah Juulsen, if he doesn't meet Bergevin's “top prospect“ classification), plus the Habs' 2017 first-round pick (which will be closer to the second round than the beginning of the first if Duchene is able to help them turn things around), and a later-round selection with conditions to move up upon each playoff-round victory (as Bergevin negotiated on his Jeff Petry acquisition) could be enough of a sweetener to land Duchene in Montreal.
Scientists make plastic from sugar and carbon dioxide
Some biodegradable plastics could in the future be made using sugar and carbon dioxide, replacing unsustainable plastics made from crude oil, following research by scientists from the Centre for Sustainable Chemical Technologies (CSCT) at the University of Bath.
Biodegradable BPA-free drinks bottles could be made from sugar and fizz from University of Bath on Vimeo.
Safer form of polycarbonate plastic
Polycarbonate is used to make drinks bottles, lenses for glasses and in scratch-resistant coatings for phones, CDs and DVDs
Current manufacture processes for polycarbonate use BPA (banned from use in baby bottles) and highly toxic phosgene, used as a chemical weapon in World War One
Bath scientists have made alternative polycarbonates from sugars and carbon dioxide in a new process that also uses low pressures and room temperature, making it cheaper and safer to produce
This new type of polycarbonate can be biodegraded back into carbon dioxide and sugar using enzymes from soil bacteria
This new plastic is bio-compatible so could in the future be used for medical implants or as scaffolds for growing replacement organs for transplant.
Polycarbonates from sugars offer a more sustainable alternative to traditional polycarbonate from BPA, however the process uses a highly toxic chemical called phosgene. Now scientists at Bath have developed a much safer, even more sustainable alternative which adds carbon dioxide to the sugar at low pressures and at room temperature.
Biodegradable and bio-compatible
The resulting plastic has similar physical properties to those derived from petrochemicals, being strong, transparent and scratch-resistant. The crucial difference is that they can be degraded back into carbon dioxide and sugar using the enzymes found in soil bacteria.
The new BPA-free plastic could potentially replace current polycarbonates in items such as baby bottles and food containers, and since the plastic is bio-compatible, it could also be used for medical implants or as scaffolds for growing tissues or organs for transplant.
Dr Antoine Buchard, Whorrod Research Fellow in the University's Department of Chemistry, said: “With an ever-growing population, there is an increasing demand for plastics. This new plastic is a renewable alternative to fossil-fuel based polymers, potentially inexpensive, and, because it is biodegradable, will not contribute to growing ocean and landfill waste.
“Our process uses carbon dioxide instead of the highly toxic chemical phosgene, and produces a plastic that is free from BPA, so not only is the plastic safer, but the manufacture process is cleaner too.”
Using nature for inspiration
Dr Buchard and his team at the Centre for Sustainable Chemical Technologies, published their work in a series of articles in the journals Polymer Chemistry and Macromolecules.
In particular, they used nature as inspiration for the process, using the sugar found in DNA called thymidine as a building block to make a novel polycarbonate plastic with a lot of potential.
PhD student and first author of the articles, Georgina Gregory, explained: “Thymidine is one of the units that makes up DNA. Because it is already present in the body, it means this plastic will be bio-compatible and can be used safely for tissue engineering applications.
“The properties of this new plastic can be fine-tuned by tweaking the chemical structure – for example we can make the plastic positively charged so that cells can stick to it, making it useful as a scaffold for tissue engineering.” Such tissue engineering work has already started in collaboration with Dr Ram Sharma from Chemical Engineering, also part of the CSCT.
Using sugars as renewable alternatives to petrochemicals
The researchers have also looked at using other sugars such as ribose and mannose.
Dr Buchard added: “Chemists have 100 years' experience with using petrochemicals as a raw material so we need to start again using renewable feedstocks like sugars as a base for synthetic but sustainable materials. It's early days, but the future looks promising.”
This work was supported by Roger and Sue Whorrod (Fellowship to Dr Buchard), EPSRC (Centre for Doctoral Training in Sustainable Chemical Technologies), University of Bath Alumni Fund and a Royal Society research Grant.
Research papers
The research has been published in the following journals:
Georgina L. Gregory, Gabriele Kociok-Köhn and Antoine Buchard “Polymers from sugars and CO2: ring-opening polymerisation and copolymerisation of cyclic carbonates derived from 2-deoxy-D-ribose” DOI: 10.1039/C7PY00236J Polymer Chemistry, 2017, 8, 2093-2104
Georgina L. Gregory, Elizabeth M. Hierons, Gabriele Kociok-Köhn, Ram I. Sharma and Antoine Buchard “CO2-Driven stereochemical inversion of sugars to create thymidine-based polycarbonates by ring-opening polymerisation” DOI: 10.1039/C7PY00118E Polymer Chemistry, 2017, 8, 1714-1721
Georgina L. Gregory, Liliana M. Jenisch, Bethan Charles, Gabriele Kociok-Köhn, and Antoine Buchard “Polymers from Sugars and CO2: Synthesis and Polymerization of a d-Mannose-Based Cyclic Carbonate” DOI: 10.1021/acs.macromol.6b01492 Macromolecules, 2016, 49, 7165-7169
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
If you liked this article, you might also be interested in:
Scientists make biodegradable microbeads from cellulose
Scientists make plastic from Christmas trees
Terpenes as chemical feedstocks
Orange is the new black gold: how peel could replace crude oil in plastics
BLack, Female And An Inspirational Modern Artist
Enlarge this image toggle caption Allison Keyes/NPR Allison Keyes/NPR
Just in the last year, 96-year-old American artist Elizabeth Catlett has had her work featured in exhibitions from Istanbul to Mexico to New York. Young artists use Catlett's technical expertise and insights into gender, race and class as a jumping-off point for their own work, yet she's still unknown to much of the general public.
The 'Invisible' Artist
An exhibit at the Bronx Museum of the Arts last year juxtaposed Catlett's work with pieces from 21 other artists. Along with her sculptures and prints, it also included her drawings of women with powerful legs and hips, the very act of their standing imbuing them with a force like nature.
Artist Vincent Jackson drank in the figures as he walked through the exhibit. The flowing lines of the figures, he said, expressed the strength and character of the black woman. That's one of the major themes flowing through Catlett's art.
Jackson stopped dead in his tracks by the 1968 Catlett sculpture Homage to My Young Black Sisters. It's one of Catlett's better-known works: a life-sized personification of feminine black power. It's a brown figure of a woman standing defiantly upright, fist raised in the air.
"Doggone it!" he said. "That's the one I like the best." Yet as much as Jackson loved this sculpture, he'd never heard of the artist. Catlett, as she said in a 2003 interview with NPR, is used to this.
"I, as an artist, a black woman artist, have been invisible in the art world for years," she said.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Vince Bucci/Getty Images Vince Bucci/Getty Images
Portraying What She Knows
When Catlett began creating, curator Isolde Brielmaier says, everything artists of color did was a struggle.
"Catlett kind of came of age as an artist when African-Americans and women were not part of the mainstream," she says. "They were not part of the center. They were relegated to the margins and excluded."
Catlett, the grandchild of slaves, was born in 1915 in Washington, D.C. She won a scholarship to the then-Carnegie Institute of Technology in Pittsburgh, but ended up at Howard University after Carnegie refused to accept a black woman.
By 1940, Catlett had become the first black woman to receive a master's in fine arts at the University of Iowa. Her mentor there, American Gothic painter Grant Wood, encouraged Catlett to portray what she knew best. Wood inspired her to focus on black people — especially women — and their ongoing struggle for equality.
Today, Catlett says the work she's still creating in her home studio in Cuernavaca, Mexico, remains centered on women and those who are poor and disenfranchised.
"I still believe in getting rid of discrimination," she says.
Catlett wound up in Mexico after accepting an invitation to work at a printmaking collective. She married a Mexican artist and eventually became a citizen. The U.S. government denied her a travel visa for nine years, declaring her an undesirable alien because she was a suspected communist.
A Great Influence
LaDawn Law flew in from Pasadena, Calif., for the New York exhibition.
"I just see a reflection of all of us in her work, like the Madonna," Law said. "It reminds me of my own mother and how hard she worked to raise her children."
Sanford Biggers contributed an oversized woodcut of an afro pick, with a clenched fist as its handle. In a panel discussion about the themes in the exhibition, Bigger called Catlett a trailblazer.
"I think we have a lot more freedoms because of the work Elizabeth and her colleagues did — her generation did," he said. "Elizabeth's work has influenced me greatly."
Artist Xaviera Simmons had a photograph in the show called One Day and Back Then. It's a nude woman, covered in black paint, with a large afro and bright red lipstick. "That's Xaviera looking at Elizabeth Catlett," Simmons said.
toggle caption Bronx Museum /AP
Not only does Simmons follow Catlett's focus on making work about what she knows, she's also influenced by its precision and clarity.
"For me, Elizabeth's craftsmanship is kind of unparalleled. I don't know anyone's work that consistently stays so rich and rigorous over such a long period of time," she says. "I've always looked to her work for that inspiration."
Like Catlett, the artists who contributed to the exhibition want to produce strong images that make people think differently about the historical struggles of people of color and incorporate what's happening today.
Revealing Potential Through Art
Back in Mexico, Catlett works with assistance and offers practical advice to artists trying to learn from her struggle and her work.
"I hope they would learn to put in their best effort," she says, and that "they would learn to keep a contract on time, they would learn to ... do a good job so they could get another one."
Calling her the mother of modernist sculpture is too much, however. "I'm not the matriarch. I don't know who is, but it's not me," she says.
Catlett once said she always wanted her art to service black people, "to reflect us, to relate to us, to stimulate us and to make us aware of our potential." From the level of conversation her work continues to inspire among both artists and admirers, it seems she has more than accomplished that goal.
“We are the music while the music lasts.” – T.S. Eliot
In modern-day song sharing — what we think of as “music” — there are three participants: musicians, listeners and industry.
When music first originated, there was little if any separation between musician and listener. Certainly, there was no business of music upon which to build an industry. In prehistoric times, music was part of a holistic method of communication bundled with body movements and primitive utterances, which would respectively evolve to become body language and language proper.
Over time, however, the role of the music creator — once a role shared by all — became specialized. The musician was separated and exalted above the listening audience. And over the last few centuries, this relationship between artist and audience was rapidly commercialized, giving birth to the music industry.
Music — song sharing — happens between musician, listener and industry. It is through song sharing that music is born. Much like the observation of a quantum particle causes it to exist in a certain state, music only truly exists when it is shared. Music is not a thing, but an activity, something people do. One cannot possess music, one can only be possessed by it.
Song sharing is not just passing an MP3 across the Internet, though free access to digital music is unquestionably the latest major turning point in the history of song sharing.
Song sharing is any act that brings music into being. Composing, performing and recording are the ways musicians share songs. Listeners can distribute copies — such as MP3s shared online — but unless these copies were listened to, no song sharing really took place. The listener shares songs by playing them for other people, or getting others to listen. In a world where musical quality is judged in dollars and not sense, the listener's role in music's dissemination is grossly overlooked, though that is changing quickly.
For the last couple of centuries, the music industry has produced, distributed and marketed songs to be sold. They owe their existence to song sharing by musicians and listeners. As such, they have been cast in a gatekeeper role, mediating the relationship between musician and listener.
For the vast majority of music history, song sharing happened freely and naturally between musicians and listeners. The act of making and listening to music is hardwired into our brains, involving more cognition in a greater number of areas than any other activity. Music evolved over millennia without any mediation of industry, becoming the creative center around which cultures formed. Song sharing was, for most of its history, was the glue that bonded individuals together through shared expression, literally forming societies.
Four turning points in the history of song sharing forever transformed its nature. Not coincidentally, each turning point marked a major milestone in the formation of the music industry.
Each of these turning points centered (naturally) around one of the three ways musicians share songs with listeners.
Composition is the DNA of song — instructions for its formation. Performance brings song to life, the performance was the act of song sharing until the recording was invented a little over a century ago — a blip in the epic history of music. Before then, composition and performance were essentially inseparable. Music was an oral tradition, and songs were passed down in this tribal, cave-person folk tradition: sacred copies that nonetheless changed ever so slightly as they were reproduced throughout the ages, mimicking the process of human evolution. The music was not made by musicians but rather by cultures, and as such, there were no composers or performers, only traditions of sharing songs.
The role of musician became more specialized as the technology of music evolved. The voice is an instrument we all possess, and there are many things in nature, including our own bodies, which serve as readymade percussion instruments. The sounds of nature and the movements of our own bodies inspired and possessed us to create the first music. But as instruments became more sophisticated, the role of musician began to be more distinguishable against the listening audience. This was the origin of the composition and the performance as separate from a cultural tradition. The role of song sharing in the civilizations of antiquity was a sacred, spiritual one, and seen as the domain of the gods themselves.
The first major turning point in the history of song sharing has to do with Pythagoras's discovery of the mathematics of music. Though his teachings were to be lost or ignored for many centuries, the revelations of Pythagoras eventually enabled music theory to develop, ushering in a new wave of musical technology to honor what early civilizations saw as the divine music of the cosmos.
Over the second millennia, we developed new instruments, new methods of composition and performance, new ways of notating and communicating musical ideas. These advances led to the final distinction of musician as separate from listener, and of composition as separate from performance. Thus song sharing came to be defined as a discrete activity, exchange and relationship between musician and audience.
The Romantic period ushers in the second major turning point in the history of song sharing, this one having to do with performance. In the hegemonic Western world, performance morphed from folk tradition to the work of art of an individual genius. This had a profound impact on song sharing, bringing about the classical period of composition. It removed music from the domain of the gods and placed it squarely in the hands of humans. This transition began with financial support of the arts by aristocrats but ended with the audience as patron. This fundamental transformation for the first time created a thriving market for music performance, and this capital infusion drove the evolution of music technology and theory to even greater heights.
With composition and performance clearly defined and ascendant in profitability, the third and perhaps most transformational turning point in the history of song sharing is the invention of recorded music. At the turn of the 20th century, the phonograph quickly ushered in an exponential increase in the market for compositions. At the same time, performance began to take on a completely different role, being more of a means to the end of recording or marketing recordings than valued for the music itself. New broadcast technologies and recording/playback electronics fanned the flames.In what had now become a familiar cycle, music technology and industry advanced hand-in-hand on exponential scales, forever altering the culture of music and the roles of musician and listener. How quickly we forgot that prior to recordings, performance was the only way to hear music.
Toward the end of the 20th century, an imbalance in the relationship between musician, listener and industry started becoming apparent. As the market for music grew, the music laws and technologies governing the market for music were increasingly co-opted by large corporations, causing a net negative effect on culture. Both as a counter-reaction to this corporate hegemony/homogeny — and as a consequence of complacency and nearsightedness of the the record industry elite — song sharing technologies were re-appropriated by listeners en masse as they sought an equilibrium between culture and commerce. The industry responded by doubling down on restrictive laws and technologies of control, casting its customers as thieves, which brings us to something of a modern-day impasse in the evolution of song sharing.
The history of song sharing can put into in perspective some very important questions about the origin, meaning and purpose of music. These vital issues are all too ignored in our modern-day appraisal of music as entertainment product, of musician as celebrity, of profit as purpose. This perception is itself a product of the music industry, and as the market for music came to dominate our culture, we lost sight of the true meaning, power and purpose of music.
The true purpose of music is to bond humans together in shared emotional, physical and spiritual experience. As such, music has the power to make us better people, improve our relationships, and make our society better. It has the power to help us connect with and heal our bodies. It empowers us through creativity and enriches us through a deep understanding of the human condition.
All these powers of music that we lost sight of are returning, thanks to the fourth turning point in the history of song sharing — free access to music. This is not the death of the music industry, but rather a long overdue re-balancing of the relationship between musician, listener and industry. Though the industry fights this change with all its legal and financial might, the ancient power of song sharing between musician and listener, amplified by digital technology, is too great to suppress any longer.
Today, listeners are the new patrons of music — neither mass audiences via industry gatekeepers nor aristocrats have the power alone to sustain modern music culture. The separation between musician and listener is disappearing as technology democratizes composition, performance and recording. Music's fans become DJs, remixers and mashup artists — musicians in their own right. The gatekeepers are a disappearing vestigial tail that had largely evolved simply to grab hold of money — the deep-seated and long-evolved power of song sharing transcends the market to speak to the soul. We are rediscovering music's incredible power to heal and to change ourselves and society for the better, rather than pigeonholing the most divine human expression to mere sonic product.
As an epilogue, a fifth and final turning point in song sharing is on the horizon, again driven by the exponential progress of technology. In many ways this turning point marks a return to the original, prehistoric role of music as a central component in a holistic expression which allowed us to survive in a challenging landscape, joining us together in the tribes that would become the first societies. The lines are blurring between musician, listener and industry; between composition, performance and recording; between culture and commerce; between technology and law.
Our modern-day music universe sets the tone for this final and total technological transformation of music that will take song sharing beyond the audible and directly into the brain. The cutting edge of neuroscience and music theory points the way to a culture is based on computation. Perhaps then we will return to the reality of music as the sacred essence of all things, the song that we play by living. Life is a song we are sharing, and song sharing is the way in which we harmonize with ourselves, with others, and with the Universe at large.
