(This is part 3 of a 3 part series. Part 1 is here, Part 2 is here)
So, the Irish Potato Famine.
Famines are super common, historically speaking. They're so common that a lot of historical texts barely bother mentioning them. There used to happen twice a decade. There were whole eras where practically all anyone did was starve. And since they happened any time there were more mouths than food, populations stayed remarkably stable.
But a few hundred years ago, things changed. Why? Potatoes (among other reasons). For somewhat obscure crop-rotational reasons, people could plant potatoes in fields that they'd have previously left fallow. Suddenly farms were producing way more food, which meant fewer famines, which meant populations skyrocketed. There were also very important non-potato reasons, but I'm ignoring them for now.
I feel like the Irish Potato Famine was a kind of Famine Reunion Tour, like Famine was an aging rockstar who decided to get the band back together for One Last Show. And what a show – within four months of its arrival in Flanders, the blight had ruined crops in France, the Netherlands, Germany, Denmark, England, and Ireland.
Why was something that starved half of Europe get named after one leprechaun-filled island? I couldn't find a direct answer to that question, but my guess is for two reasons:
* The US got like a million Irish immigrants from the whole ordeal, and mentioned it in a lot of movies and TV and whatnot.
* Other countries were hit by the blight, but Ireland was basically demolished.
The Irish really loved their potatoes. Everyone farmed them. In 1840, the population was something like 8 million, and an estimated 40% of them counted potatoes as the only solid food in their diet. Within a few years, more than 1 million had died and twice that had emigrated, mostly to the US. And here's the bit that really stunned me: even in the 1960, Ireland was less than half as dense as it was before the famine. It's now 170 years later, and their population still hasn't recovered.
And I should mention that it wasn't *all* potatoes that caused the starvation – apparently, when the famine started, England started coming up with all kinds of horrible ideas to make it worse. But I'm not super-informed on the whole England-Ireland blood-feud so I'll leave it at that for now.
Turns out the US also had a major potato problem, but that involved the Colorado Potato Beetle. The best story I found about that, by far, is one where these beetles got so numerous that they'd totally cover railroad tracks. The tracks got so slippery with squished beetles that trains couldn't get through.
Someday I'll make Potato IV: Potatocalypse, but I'm mostly out of potato facts, so that'll have to wait. Besides, I've got so many other comics to make. Next week will be Australia vs. Animals, and then I'm not sure. I'd like to do something Asian, and I have some ideas, but if you have any others, please do send me an email.
~Korwin
Apple may be planning on offering support for Bluetooth keyboards when the next software update arrives for the Apple TV . When iOS 6.1 beta 3 was released, it enabled Bluetooth support on the Apple TV. 9to5 Mac decided to try pairing Bluetooth keyboards with the device, and it worked with both Apple's own Bluetooth keyboard, and a third-party keyboard.
Once connected, you can use a wireless keyboard to completely control the Apple TV without using the included remote. The arrow keys function for navigation, the Return key is the play/pause, and the Escape key maps to 'menu' or up 'one level' functionality. More importantly, searching for content becomes a thousand times easier when you can enter search terms with a hard keyboard.
It's important to remember that what is tested in beta sometimes stays in beta, so just because the Bluetooth keyboard support works now doesn't mean Apple will include it in the final iOS 6.1 release.
However, adding this type of Bluetooth support for the Apple TV makes a lot of sense. Controlling the Apple TV with the hardware remote now is constrained to infrared line-of-sight, and offers really poor text entry support for searches. Bluetooth will work from anywhere, at any angle, in range, and a physical keyboard makes text entry much easier.
Perhaps we could also see the door open for third-party manufacturers to start offering their own remote controllers for the Apple TV. We could start to see some innovation like we already do from the likes of Logitech who offer sophisticated remote controllers with inbuilt keyboards for other bits of A/V kit.
Apple could use the additional Bluetooth functionality, for example, for a remote controller with an in-built microphone for a Siri controlled Apple TV maybe. The Remote app for iOS could perhaps also ditch Wi-Fi for a low-power, faster-to-connect Bluetooth 4.0 version.
Hopefully we'll find out more soon.
Source: 9to5 Mac
Many of you have seen the announcement we made this morning, but I wanted to take this opportunity to share my thoughts and plans with you directly. For the last couple of years, I've been having discussions with the board about stepping down as CEO, and today we announced that I will do so. I'm pleased that I will be leaving the company in Amar and Andrew's capable hands while the board searches for a new CEO. I know they'll do a great job at holding down the fort—and I'll be honored if either is chosen to be the next CEO. I'll continue to serve on the Autodesk board and I will be here to help them and the board through the transition.
I love Autodesk and am immensely proud of what we have created together, but it's time for me to do something new. Autodesk is doing very well and the financial markets are noticing. Our leadership team is strong, and our strategy is in place to go further and accomplish more than we could have ever imagined when I took over day-to-day operations as COO 14 years ago. Our transition to an all-subscription business model is well underway, we're enjoying early but strong success in the cloud and we have settled with our activist investors. Now seems like the right time, for both the company and for me.
I am not leaving to spend more time with my family—that presumes my family wants to spend more time with me. I will, however, be spending more time in my shop with my robots. I also have some other plans and will have more to say on what I'm doing in the next few months.
It's been a privilege to lead Autodesk, and I feel very grateful to have worked with so many talented and passionate people. Together we have built a fantastic business and developed products that literally have changed how entire industries get their work done.
Great, Good and Important
When I first became CEO, people asked how I wanted to define Autodesk and I often answered somewhat cryptically, “great, good and important.” In my mind, great companies are defined, first and foremost, by their financial performance. Good companies are defined by their values and culture and how they treat their employees, their customers and the communities in which they do business. And important companies make a real difference in the world.
Being able to do all three is the most critical and difficult task any executive team faces. By almost any measure, I think we've done very well on all fronts.
Great: About 14 years ago, we formed a new executive team and since then we have significantly increased the financial performance of the company on every metric. Following the global economic meltdown of 2009, our investors have enjoyed 6x financial returns. When the team was formed, the market capitalization of the company was slightly more than $2B—today, it's more than $18B.More importantly, the decisions we've made have always been about building long-term sustainable financial success—something that many in the investor community shun in favor of short-term returns. As a devout capitalist, I truly believe that producing strong financial results while also keeping an eye on the horizon builds great and enduring companies.
Good: Good companies are not solely about financial performance and shareholder returns. We have taken a stand on issues that affect our employees, our customers and our planet. I'm proud of the kind of culture we've built, where diversity of background and experience is valued. We're inclusive, and we respect each other and value what the individual brings to the team. We win awards every year that speak to our great culture, but more important than those awards are the ways you embody the same thing every day with your words and actions.
Important: Autodesk is in the privileged position of being the toolmakers to the people who design, make and build everything around us. Over the last few weeks as my decision to step down became more real, I've begun to even more keenly notice around me all the truly incredible things our customers have created using our tools. From buildings to cars and movies, workflows from conception to fabrication, we've made a huge impact on the industries we serve, and I'm proud of the respect we have for our customers and honor the trust they've put in us.
My Awards Speech
When I first became CEO, people asked me what it was like and I joked “I immediately became smarter and funnier.” So, starting tomorrow, I'm expecting the opposite. I've been honored to be in this position, but I have tried very hard to never forget the difference between my job and who I am.At the risk of sounding like a bad Academy Awards speech, I'd like to end by thanking some of the people who have been critical to my and Autodesk's success.
First, I'd like to thank Carol Bartz for believing I could do this job and saying so more forcefully than those who thought I couldn't. I learned so much from her. She and the founders created the amazing base we built upon.
Thanks to our customers, who are really the reason we exist. We're so proud to be your toolmakers and to be a part of the incredible things you've designed, built and made in the world.
Thanks to our partners around the world who've been so critical to our success. I've appreciated the dedication and focus you've put into representing Autodesk and serving our customers.
Thanks to our long-term shareholders—you've always had your eye on sustainable growth and returns and I truly appreciate your ongoing support.
Thanks to the CEO Staff and the broader leadership team who have done such a phenomenal job. None—and I really mean none—of the company's accomplishments would be possible without your vision, leadership and professionalism. We've worked together for a long time, most of it very good, but we've been through some difficult times as well. Despite my inability to express it regularly (or maybe at all), your encouragement, support and friendship means everything to me. And I'm going to add one final plea to never stop striving to be the absolute best in everything we do.
And finally, and I'd say most importantly, thanks to the thousands of smart, devoted and passionate employees who have contributed to Autodesk's success. As CEO, I got used to taking outsized credit (and blame), but I never once forgot who does all the hard work. I have cherished my interactions with you and that's the thing I will miss the most.
I have always believed that the best leaders have the vision to see what's possible and the courage to make it happen. I hope in some small way I've held up my end of the bargain, because you have all done more than your fair share to make Autodesk a great, good and important company.
Thanks for everything,
Carl
Below is my original text, but I just received another huge package from my secret santa. Seems like my SS didn't think the bacon slices was enough, so he went thru my amazon.co.uk wishlist and also sent me Photoshop CS6 for Dummies, The Genius of Photography, a blowtorch for cooking and finally the Lethal Weapons movies on Bluray!!! Thank you SO MUCH, spanish secret santa!! :) I went for rootcanal surgery earlier today, and now I've got a ton of stuff to read, watch and burn thanks to you! :)
Original text: Today I received my Secret Santa gift. Since my profile says I love (among other things) bacon, I got four strips of winegum bacon with strawberry taste. :D
Sadly there was no note or letter from my secret santa, but thanks for the gift anyway, whoever you are!
The idea of sailing around the world seems a bit iffy, even on a huge luxury liner with hot meals, cold alcohol, ample shuffleboard, and a decent bed. The idea turns horrific when you're talking about doing it on a 65-foot sailing yacht with no fresh food, no shower, a narrow net of a bed, one change of clothes, and a single “toilet” the size and shape of a mixing bowl.
(P.S. You need to share that micro-toilet with seven other people.)
This is what the members of Team Alvimedica have signed up for. Led by skipper Charlie Enright and general manager Mark Towill, they'll make up one of six competing teams in the Volvo Ocean Race, widely considered the toughest sailing race in the world.
The 2014-15 edition of the race, which takes place every three years, will cover 39,000 miles, hit six continents, and run from October to June. This is the first time it will be a “one-design” race: All entrants must use a specially designed boat—the $6 million Volvo 65—with the same exact specifications. The new carbon-fiber boats, designed by Farr Yacht Design in Annapolis, Md. specifically for the next two Volvo Ocean Races and assembled in different spots around the world, are strong and sturdy.
The idea is that giving everyone the same boat will keep teams from sacrificing safety features at the expense of speed. That's not an idle worry: The race has claimed the lives of five sailors in its 41-year history. That doesn't mean the boats are slow. With two sails, the 65-foot long craft can hit 30 knots (34.5 mph).
The identical boats will emphasize sailing skills, which could make this year's race more competitive than ever. Teams will be evenly matched off the starting line. Once on the water, they monitor the weather to determine the exact route they want to take and which sails to use (Team Alvimedica will bring seven options to choose from). Depending on their choices, the boats may end up close together for some of the legs.
Each of the Volvo Ocean Race's nine legs is treated as an independent race, with points allotted for the top finishers. At each port stop, the boats compete in shorter sprint races. The in-port races are used as tiebreakers if there's a dead heat in the overall competition.
Volvo Ocean Race
No creature comforts
The boat may be safer than ever this year, but it offers little in the way of temperature control and sleep-friendliness. The cramped innards house a communications center, a video-editing lab, sleeping quarters (basically hammocks), and the head (a very non-private toilet). Enright says the temperature down there is either “really really hot or really really cold.” Carbon fiber doesn't exactly dampen noise, so the cramped below-deck quarters pound constantly with the sound of waves hitting the hull.
We checked out Team Alvimedica's boat on a gorgeous 80-degree day in New York City. It was a scorching, claustrophobic slice of hell. A tiny electric fan mounted to the right of the boat's navigation center—a couple of ThinkPads with a cable-suspended seat in front—provided a sip of relief. It's hard to imagine what would help if it were cold. There is no fireplace.
Obstacles
Each stage of the race is its own unique flavor of nightmare, from typhoons off the southern coast of China, dodging steamships in Malaysia, pirates near Somalia, to a combination of massive waves, powerful winds, and gigantic icebergs in the southernmost stretch of the competition. The first leg will take the teams from Alicante, Spain to Cape Town, South Africa—a 6,487-mile jaunt that will last more than three weeks. The teams will swing so far west after passing through the Strait of Gibraltar, they'll practically scrape the coast of Brazil. Then they loop back east to Cape Town. It's not the most-direct route, but it may get them there the fastest thanks to the trade winds. As an added bonus, the route should also steer them clear of potential pirate attacks off the west coast of Africa.
If the competitors can duck and dodge their way through all of that, they'll still need to make sure they don't run out of food. That requires careful planning. Too much food will add unwanted weight to the boat. Too little of it would be disastrous during a slower-than-expected leg. During the last Volvo Ocean Race, the American PUMA Ocean Racing team ran out of food a day and a half from port on one leg.
But no matter how much food they bring, it will not be delicious. It'll be freeze-dried everything, little packets of blech that won't replenish the crazy amount of calories each crew burns on board. It's no shock that the first thing the team will do when they get to each port is eaten actual food, “or maybe get a blood test,” says Enright.
Tim Moynihan
When things go bad
When you're stuck on a boat for weeks with a small crew, personnel decisions are a big deal. Substitutions are allowed between legs—and boats rarely finish the race with the same crew they had at the start—but while on the water, you're stuck with whomever you've got. So each team builds a roster loaded with specialists who can deal with whatever happens: An electrician, a sailmaker, a medic, maybe a bowman or a strong grinder for the winches. A media specialist will also be on each boat to edit together video, as well as an embedded onboard reporter who's only allowed to report, cook, and clean. It'll be all-hands-on-deck, except for that reporter.
If something does go horribly wrong, the teams are on their own for a little while. The sailing yachts won't be followed by chase boats and they're often thousands of miles from land. In 2012, the mast of Team PUMA's boat snapped in three places in the middle of the Southern Atlantic Ocean and ended up on Tristan da Cunha, the most remote inhabited island on the planet.
The boats are tracked: Every five minutes, Volvo Ocean Race officials will receive an update of each boat's location, and the boats are certainly equipped for several forms of communication. A few Inmarsat Sailor satellite antennas are in the back of each boat: A large unit used for beefier transmissions, such as sending video from the boat via satellite. A second, smaller Inmarsat Sailor antenna will be used for less-demanding data delivery: Text messages and e-mails back home. Ordering a pizza probably won't work.
There will also be five video cameras on board, including a pair mounted to the mast, and they'll be rolling at all times. Not all the footage will be saved, however. Instead, there will be a buffer of at least 30 minutes so that the ship's media crew member can review footage in case anything goes wrong, and to have more leeway when editing together montages. The mast-mounted cameras are controlled from below the deck, with a panel that can swap cameras, operate the zoom on each of them, and move them around. There's also a Panasonic Toughpad the team can use on deck to see what's happening, and remotely control the navigation system below.
According to Enright, the yachts were practically designed around one of the many cameras, a live-stream-capable module above the hatch that's also equipped with a microphone for chatting. There won't be a live-stream from the boat's cameras, so you're out of luck if you want to follow along with them for nine months straight. But you can follow them with an online map, and the media crew member will be editing videos aboard the ship and sending produced packages to TV stations via satellite.
The toughest part of the race will likely be the fifth and longest leg—the 6,776-mile, iceberg-infested stretch in the Southern Ocean from New Zealand to Brazil. “There, it's not about going fast, it's about controlling the crew and the boat,” says Enright, who anticipates filling the boat's ballast tanks during that leg to slow the boat down and keep it more manageable. “To finish first, you must first finish.”
The prize for finishing first? Zero dollars. Each boat's crew members are professional sailors who will be paid by their teams, but there's no jackpot at the end of this grueling race.
The trophies aren't too bad, though.
Eminent Parsi historian and our dear friend Marzban Giara informs us that the J. N. Petit Library Fort was started in 1895 and not 1856 (as stated in the article below) in memory of Jamsetjee Nusserwanji Petit who died at young age of 32.
If you're a book-lover and haven't yet set foot inside SoBo's JN Petit Library and Reading room, then let us tell you that you're missing out on a lot.
Article by Shalvi Mangaokar-Biswas | LBB
Established in 1856, this is one of Mumbai's oldest libraries and is breathtakingly beautiful. Located at Fort inside this very magnificent and Gothic-style building, this library boasts of a huge collection of books {over 1,50,000 and counting}, that are spread across multiple categories such a fiction, non-fiction, art, culture, history, religion, general subjects, books in regional languages and more.
They also have a rare copy of Firdausi's 11th century epic poem Shahnama, illustrated with gold leaf and an entire huge section {a special room, actually} that is home to rare books, old manuscripts of the Zoroastrian religion and more.
The library recently underwent a restoration process to preserve its beautiful architecture. When here, make sure you spend good enough time in its reading room, one that gorgeous and huge and majorly populated by college students {especially before exams}. The room boasts of stunning stained glass windows, reclining chairs that let you read in leisure and is amazing airy.
How Do I Become A Member?
It's pretty simple. You go there, fill out a membership form with all the details and get started. Annual membership will cost you INR 1,000 where you're allowed to take three books for a fortnight and two magazines at a time for a week. They regularly update their collections and have books that suit every kind of reader.
So, We're Saying…
If you're a sucker for books, architecture and just spending your time catching up on great pieces of literature, then make your way to the JN Petit Library and Reading Room in Fort and get mesmerised with all that it has to offer to you.
How Your Relationships Affect Your Work
It seems simple. The relationships we keep can help determine our success with our work.
If we surround ourselves with negative people, odds are that we'll eventually become negative.
If we let the positive people in, it's inevitable they'll rub off on us. Even if it's just a little bit.
It is up to us to determine who we let in influence our behavior. And when we make the right choices, we often have the support we need to do great things with our work.
Intimate Relationships
When it comes to relationships, they can be draining or they can be replenishing.
A great spouse will encourage you to do what is best and you'll get through hardships together. They will be positive, they will lift your spirits, they will be proud of you, and they will be excited with you.
They will ask you the hard questions and won't let you get away with compromising yourself or your work. These are especially true when you are freelancing on your own or you have a small business since so much of the family's success is tied to the success of the business.
On the other hand, a toxic relationship will deplete you. A spouse can be jealous of your accomplishments, uninterested in your excitement, or focus solely on the money and not on your happiness.
A good personal relationship won't fix a bad job, but it can make it more bare-able when times get tough or when change is inevitable.
A great spouse will tell you to do what's right for you, no matter the consequences to them. They will be a sounding board, a BS detector, and in other times your voice of reason.
No matter the type of relationship you have, don't turn your partner into your metaphorical (heaven forbid literal) punching bag. When a good spouse says, “tell me what's on your mind” that's not a license to blow up. It's an offer to help talk through what's on your mind.
Talking through issues with them is much different than releasing frustration on them.
Platonic Relationships
I'm a guy and I know that men need fellowship. For some it's long fishing weekends. For others it's time at the gym. Friendships are important!
Whatever it is that you do together, it should be a fulfilling experience. If your friends drain you, you should start looking for new ones.
I am as loyal of a friend as there is. But some people will drain you of all energy, time, passion, fun, and sometimes money. Recognize this before it's too late so you can focus on the people that truly care about you.
The way you have good friends is to be a good friend. And the people that will value your friendship are not the ones that you need to chase down just to hang out.
Just like loving relationships, the best friends will keep you honest. They will not let you get away with compromising yourself and your values.
Those draining ones though? They're the ones that don't care about your problems or successes. It's all about them. On the flip side of this, you should be genuinely interested in them as well.
A good friend is someone that will tell you what you need to hear and not always what you want to hear.
Not all relationships are easy, especially the ones that are worth it. So when you have positive people in your life, don't let them go.
Consequences
When we have the negativity out of our lives, we are able to focus on the work we're supposed to be doing.
If all you can think about is why your spouse is upset with you, how do you expect to focus on work?
If you have pressure from the office AND pressure from home, where do you get a break?
Life has ups and downs, the people we choose to be around should be the ones that breathe life back into us when we are drained from the work we put out.
Have you ever been on Cloud 9 after a date and someone at work asks, “What are you so happy about?” (like you're not supposed to be happy).
It's a great feeling, isn't it? Now what if that happened every day? Imagine the amount of work that you could do with that sort of positive energy.
—
What are you thoughts on how your relationships affect your work?
I look forward to hearing from you below or on Twitter (@mikemccann3), have a great day!
Want posts sent directly to your email?
Fill out the simple form below and check your email to confirm!
U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner (R-CO) will hold long-awaited town halls Tuesday on Colorado's Front Range.
Gardner drew criticism for failing to hold a single in-person town hall in 494 days, eventually (kind of) breaking the streak with a joint town hall in Durango. But there wasn't much time for questions, and he shared the stage with three other Colorado politicians, causing many to claim the event couldn't really be called a town hall.
For much of his constituency, next week's town halls, which will take place in Greeley, Colorado Springs, and Lakewood, will be much closer to home than Durango, one of the most isolated areas in the state.
The timing, however, could pose challenges for working Coloradans who want to finally meet with Gardner face to face. First up is the Colorado Springs town hall, running from 7:30 a.m. to 9 a.m. Then he'll be in Greeley from noon to 1:30 p.m., and finally in Lakewood from 3:30 p.m. to 5 p.m.
Note that Lakewood's town hall will take place at Colorado Christian University, a notoriously ultra-conservative campus.
“Deaths on Vermont roads have increased by 68% in the first six months of 2016, compared to the same period in 2015.”
As the Reformer continues, citing the Vermont Agency of Transportation recently released report: “highway fatalities on Vermont roads have nearly doubled compared to this time last year, with the majority of fatal crashes involving non-use or improper seatbelt usage, speeding, and/or driving under the influence of alcohol, drugs, or both.”
We should note that due to our tiny population, all Vermont statistics are based on very small population scale; however, in small communities, the impact of all lost lives can feel more acute. Even if this year is an outlier, the increase of of road fatalities is a reminder that motor vehicle accidents are statistically still more deadly (barely) than firearms, taking an especially large toll on Americans age 15-24.
As mentioned above, it appears that the increase in road deaths in the first half of 2016 is due to the simplest factors: driving too fast and not wearing seat-belts. For better or worse, depending on your perspective, it seems to me that the most attention that highway safety has received recently hasn't been about seat-belts or speeding, it's been more about stoners and saliva tests.
As someone who carefully observes the state's developing cannabis policies and politics on HeadyVermont.com, I appreciate that covering pot before/during/after the legislative session gets attention from advocates, the opponents, and the silent majority of Vermonters who don't care that much, but think it should just be legalized so small businesses and the state can raise revenues, without needing a banner snow year or new tax programs.
When it comes to legalization and highways safety, one of the many headlines that stood out was a Seven Days article that was
published by Terri Hallenbeck (@TerriVT) before the legislative session, in December 2015: “Will Highway Safety Put The Brakes On Legalizing Pot in Vermont?”In the article, Hallenbeck spoke to Colorado's State Highway Safety Manager, Glenn Davis, who was asked by Hallenbeck if, his state's roads are less safe today than they were before legalization in 2014? He responded, “I can't say…Data is challenging, our fatalities are kind of on the uptick, but I truly cannot say marijuana is a factor in them.”
The Reality of Collapse: “Many Preppers Will Die”
March 21st, 2014
SHTF School
Read by 39,095 people SelcoMarch 21st, 2014 Editor's Note: In the following article well known Balkan War survivor and developer of the SHTF School Selco shares yet more of his insightful experiences. Many of us have taken steps to insulate ourselves should the worst happen. But is that enough? Selco explains that regardless of the supplies and tools you have in your possession, you still face the very serious risk of injury or death should the system around us collapse. Why Many Preppers Will Die
By Selco Survivalists and preppers are (or are supposed to be) by definition something like smart folks, people who do not trust mainstream bu..s..t, who follow their own path to be winners at the end. Actually in reality truth is different. We all like to say that we are different but just like everyone else we fall under the influence too. How many times you or some prepper you know built or formed opinion without even checking it? How many times you bought some item and store it just because you think it makes sense, not because you know it makes sense and you check on it. It is often easier way to believe others and you can not try everything yourself of course. One of the most stupid things or worst mistakes that you can make in prepping is to become “mainstream”. Slap label of prepper on you and you start to think you are smarter than others. You may think that preppers and survivalists can not be mainstream because it is not logical, but yes we can. We gonna buy bug for BOB because someone said “it is best for BOB” usually without checking who is the guy who said it. Or we gonna say “I have best gun for SHTF” because someone put huge amount of money for marketing it. If most preppers look at their storage they can find items they know theory of using it, but never used it. The problem here is not buying these things. The problem is with forming your opinion and many survivalists think they know and they have plan but that makes them in reality less flexible to consider all options. When SHTF and you realize quickly that you have completely wrong boots (or weapon, or BOB or whatever) you maybe still can fix it if you act. Changing way of thinking (or plan…) is harder. There was man who before SHTF was owner of few cafes, pretty wealthy man. He was involved in some crime business and you could hear from time to time how he was involved in some fight, or he was arrested, or served some time. Sometimes he was out of the country for months or year, rumors were that he was something like professional thief, specialised for breaking into “high class” homes, jewellery and safes and similar. Those stories were rumors only, but in his cafe in town all guests were his crew, and going there for coffee was not forbidden, but also was not bright idea. If you entered there (probably) nobody would kick you out, but atmosphere and faces there clearly would tell you that you are outsider. In short he was something like “tough guy” in city talks. Weapons, secret gambling, prostitution etc. Guy with his crew. On first rumors of troubles he started to sell his cafes I guess in order to leave the area, but he was too late. When SHTF, and groups and gangs started to form, he simply gave his cafe to the leader of one group in exchange for protection. Later when that leader and group were destroyed he found himself imprisoned for some time. Lot of people around were robbed and tortured or killed. He immediately agrees to write statement that he is “selling“ all his cafes to the leader of new group, of course in exchange for the life and freedom.
They had it anyway, but they needed that piece of paper for time after war. After that he was something like “lone crazy dude” through the rest of the SHTF period. He was nobody. He survived everything and after that he needed quite some time, few years to prove that he was forced to “sell” his cafes. Court gave everything back to him. Soon after that he sold everything and emigrated somewhere, probably to place with less chance for another SHTF event. My friend talked with him before he left the country, and after some time they touched the subject that lot of people wanted to know. Why did he go down so easy? Why did he not resist at the beginning with his crew? Why did he is not had his own strong group during SHTF? Things like that.
He had original answer: “Every time they were stronger than me, I simply had to let it go”. His story is not so unique, but I know much more stories about how folks got killed because they refused to leave their home (and run) when under attack by several people armed with firearms, while they were unarmed, or armed with pistol or knife, clearly outnumbered. I read every day on web sentences like “having this gun will save you when SHTF” or “with this BOB you can not lose when SHTF”. Of course this is marketing crap from people who want to sell you something. Please do not get yourself killed, or allow your family to die when SHTF just because you put your “perfect” BOB on, your “zombie survival” rifle in your hands and went out to save the world. Or to get killed because you “draw line and here you stand your ground” for example when they attack your home or your storage. Do you really want to die just to hold onto things? In world of survival number of people who are gonna blindly believe in their equipment, or just blindly stay where is impossible to stay are much higher from folks who are gonna take the smartest option (however bad it could look). This is why many preppers will die. Regular folks will run but some preppers take so great pride in their plan or equipment they do not make right decisions when it matters because of their ego. You can hear me being not hero and just doing what I had to do for 8 hours in my course. I am not the dude who is living on tree armed only with kitchen knife and big mouth. I also have BOB, BOL, equipment, weapons and plans. But if I see that my SURVIVAL is in question I am ready to say f..k it to everything. Sometimes to survive means not to win but to give up, and wait for next chance. Do not expect to be winner all the time. You can follow Selco's story at SHTF School and learn how he survived one year in hell. More Excellent Reading From Selco: A Survival Q & A: Living Through SHTF In the Middle of A War Zone Advice From A Collapse Survivor: “RUN!” From Major Cities Collapse Reality: “If I Had to Be an Animal, I Was an Animal. It Was About Survival.” Click here to subscribe: Join over one million monthly readers and receive breaking news, strategies, ideas and commentary. Please Spread The Word And Share This Post Author: Selco
Views: Read by 39,095 people
Date: March 21st, 2014
Website: http://shtfschool.com/ Copyright Information: This content has been contributed to SHTFplan by a third-party or has been republished with permission from the author. Please contact the author directly for republishing information.
A lawyer is the best person to approach for advice regarding your legal rights and responsibilities, however, they are not always easy to understand when legal jargon comes into play. This litigation terms and definitions glossary is designed only to give you a basic understanding of the legal terms that you may come across in a litigation case.
Access to justice – the ability to obtain legal advice and representation.
Adverse costs – In England costs “follow the event” and the losing party pays the winning party's costs.
Affidavit – A written statement by an individual that is sworn to be true. The signing of the document is witnessed by a solicitor.
Arbitration – A way of resolving disputes with a third party, or arbitrator, who decides the final award.
Burden of proof – The responsibility of proving the facts. The burden usually lies with the claimant.
Champerty – Is an illegal agreement where a with no previous links with a lawsuit finances it in order to share the proceeds.
Claimant – The person making the claim to the Court.
CPR – Civil Procedure Rules. A set of rules for proceeding in the High Court and County Court.
Common law – A part of English law that comes from old age customers rather than statutes.
Damages – The compensation sum of money awarded to the claimant by the court.
Damage based agreement – A way of funding cases where the solicitor takes a percentage of the proceeds as payment. If the lawyer loses the case the fees are not paid.
Deponent – A person who makes a voluntary declaration in a written statement, which is signed under oath.
Disclosure – The making available of required documents that are in the possession of the other party involved in the proceedings.
Injunction – A court order stopping a person from doing something or making a person to something.
Judicial precedent – A prior made judicial decision that has become an authority on deciding an outcome for a similar set of facts.
Judicial review – A challenge to the decision that has been made as the outcome of proceedings.
Litigation funding agreement – The contract between the third party litigation funder and the claimant. It details the obligation of both parties and outline how to resolve any disagreement over settlement details.
Mandamus – A remedy in the form of an order to tell an inferior court what to do.
Mediation – An alternative way of resolving disputes. A mediator is appointed to help the parties reach an acceptable solution.
Ministry of Justice – A UK government department that is responsible for all areas of the judicial system.
Non recourse – most third party funded litigation is on a non-recourse basis, which means that should the claim be unsuccessful the funder has to write off the whole of the investment.
Obiter dictum – Judges comments made in passing which are not binding, only persuasive.
Tort – A civil wrong that causes someone loss or harm.
Writ – Also known as the originating summons or claim form. The court claim is written on this form.
This list is certainly not all of the jargon that you might hear whilst going through a funded litigation case. If you hear other please let me know in the comments so that the list can keep on growing.
Some people, man. At 6:06 a.m. on November 13, professor of anthropology Charles Menzies got out of bed and took to Twitter to trash the Hotline Bling project put on by Dive Into UBC, The Calendar and the AMS.
"It's one of the coolest things I've ever done at #UBC," AMS Student President. The sorry state of student politics. https://t.co/nlkiDFxtVJ — charlesmenzies (@charlesmenzies) November 13, 2015
AMS Senator Gurvir Sangha was quick to defend the completely harmless series of dance videos and called out Menzies for his cane-waving and fundamental misunderstanding of what happened.
@charlesmenzies oh man, where to begin... it was put together in less than two days by a couple people. Cost $800. It's received... — Gurvir Sangha (@girby) November 13, 2015
@charlesmenzies national coverage and engaged 2K+ students. It's a little bit of fun and the student body has been overwhelmingly receptive. — Gurvir Sangha (@girby) November 13, 2015
Not one to give up easily, Menzies doubled down on calling out the AMS for not doing enough for social justice causes — presumably while on top of a mountain, peering down and hating the happy town below, or writing a one-star review of Footloose.
So where is action on issues of social justice as opposed to entitlement middle-class antics? @girby Not found in mainstream Student Orgs. — charlesmenzies (@charlesmenzies) November 13, 2015
Only middle-class, entitled students dance to Drake. And dancing to Drake is the only thing those entitled, middle-class students care about. Damn those entitled, middle-class students and their ... dancing.
Sangha then linked Menzies this op-ed to illustrate what the AMS is actually investing their energy in — we'll just let the rest of the exchange speak for itself.
@charlesmenzies don't think it is physically possible to cringe harder than I just did. Have a good day, Professor. — Gurvir Sangha (@girby) November 13, 2015
@charlesmenzies here is the trophy you win for not liking a thing. Congratulations. pic.twitter.com/sCrzSBxPr9 — Alex Stuart (@alexhatesdogs) November 13, 2015
.
EXCLUSIVE: Penelope Mitchell has joined the Neil Marshall-directed reboot Hellboy: Rise Of The Blood Queen from Lionsgate and Millennium Films. The film was written by Andrew Cosby, Christopher Golden, Hellboy creator Mike Mignola, and Aron Coleite.
David Harbour stars as Hellboy who, along with his team of paranormal researchers, try to save the world from a medieval sorceress who wants to destroy humankind. Mitchell will play the role of Ganeida, an elder witch who has decided that Nimue's wrath has gone on for too long and must be stopped.
Larry Gordon, Lloyd Levin and Mike Richardson are producing, along with Campbell Grobman Films' Christa Campbell and Lati Grobman.
The announcement of Mitchell's casting comes shortly after actor Ed Skrein, who was initially cast in the movie as a Japanese character, made headlines for exiting the project following criticism of whitewashing.
Mitchel was recently cast in Between Worlds opposite Nicolas Cage and previously appeared in producer Darren Aronofsky's Zipper and the Blumhouse film Curve. She's repped by APA and Brillstein Entertainment Partners.
One of the first responses from the AMD community when we posted our story about the power draw concerns on the new Radeon RX 480 was to point out that apparently the ASUS GeForce GTX 960 Strix card had a similar issue. Keep in mind that the GTX 960 reference specifications put the TDP of this product at 120 watts, 30 watts lower than the RX 480, though it still utilizes a single 6-pin power connection in addition to the motherboard supplied power.
Seriously...
I have an ASUS GTX 960 Strix so I wanted to see if the claims made were accurate. I fired up our advanced power testing hardware this morning and ran through the worst-case tests we had come up with over the last 48 hours, including running Metro: Last Light at 4K in both stock and overclocked settings.
Metro: Last Light (4K) power draw, GTX 960 Strix, Click to Enlarge
At stock clock speeds under Metro: Last Light at 4K, the total power draw on the GTX 960 Strix card never exceeds 110 watts, motherboard supplied power never exceeds 30 watts and the 6-pin PCI Express power cable never exceeds 80 watts. This is interesting - even though the 6-pin cable is technically rated at just 75 watts, ASUS decided that rather than draw more power over the motherboard interface it would prefer to depend on the over-built power delivery of the power supply itself.
Metro: Last Light (4K) power draw, GTX 960 Strix OC, Click to Enlarge
I decided it crank things up slightly by adding in the maximum voltage increase to the card through Precision X software and then setting the GPU clock offset to +93 MHz. The resulting total power increases to over 115 watts, while the motherboard power increases to nearly 35 watts and the 6-pin power cable jumps to peaking at almost 85 watts.
Metro: Last Light (4K) power draw, GTX 960 Strix OC, Click to Enlarge
Zooming in on the power data shows us a very stable, low variance power delivery system on the GTX 960 Strix card. Again, it is worth noting that the 6-pin power connection is definitely drawing more than the 75 watts that it is technically rated at, but that the motherboard +12V power delivery is still well within the defined 66 watt limit we discussed earlier.
Rise of the Tomb Raider (1080p) power draw, GTX 960 Strix OC, Click to Enlarge
Just as another data point, here is some captured power delivery with Rise of the Tomb Raider with the GTX 960 Strix card in its overclocked state. Total power draw doesn't exceed 105 watts and the power through that PCI Express slot on the motherboard stays at 30 watts or fewer.
Metro: Last Light (4K) voltage and current, GTX 960 Strix, Click to Enlarge
With our ability to measure voltage and current, we return back to Metro: Last Light at 4K to find that amperage draw over the motherboard's +12V line stays right at 2.5A. That is a drastic difference compared to the RX 480 hitting more than 7A over the same line, especially considering the 5.5A limit from the PCI Express specification.
So there you have it - while I cannot say for certain that NO previous graphics card in recent memory hasn't behaved in the same fashion that the new AMD Radeon RX 480 does, I can categorically discount the notion that the ASUS GTX 960 Strix is somehow equivalent in its power delivery. I know that many of you still look at the spike wattage output numbers provided by the Tom's Hardware testing methods, but I encourage you to re-read what I posted on the first page of this story:
One interesting note on our data compared to what Tom's Hardware presents – we are using a second order low pass filter to smooth out the data to make it more readable and more indicative of how power draw is handled by the components on the PCB. Tom's story reported “maximum” power draw at 300 watts for the RX 480 and while that is technically accurate, those figures represent instantaneous power draw. That is interesting data in some circumstances, and may actually indicate other potential issues with excessively noisy power circuitry, but to us, it makes more sense to sample data at a high rate (10 kHz) but to filter it and present it more readable way that better meshes with the continuous power delivery capabilities of the system. Some gamers have expressed concern over that “maximum” power draw of 300 watts on the RX 480 that Tom's Hardware reported. While that power measurement is technically accurate, it doesn't represent the continuous power draw of the hardware. Instead, that measure is a result of a high frequency data acquisition system that may take a reading at the exact moment that a power phase on the card switches. Any DC switching power supply that is riding close to a certain power level is going to exceed that on the leading edges of phase switches for some minute amount of time. This is another reason why our low pass filter on power data can help represent real-world power consumption accurately. That doesn't mean the spikes they measure are not a potential cause for concern, that's just not what we are focused on with our testing.
We are still working with AMD to learn about the solution to this power problem and I hope to have an answer later today. For now, we are looking around the office for some older, less expensive systems and motherboards to use to try and duplicate any system failures (shutdowns, etc.) that we have been reading about online.
On a warm summers day in the ACT a couple cheekily kiss among the shelves of a Canberra store, not knowing they're being watched by a security camera – and the entire world.
Nearly 1000 security camera feeds from around Australia, including eight feeds and 46 cameras in the ACT region, can be watched online at the website Insecam, which features tens of thousands of cameras from around the world.
Privacy breach: Security camera footage of a Canberra shopping centre from website Insecam.
Among the ACT security cameras which can be viewed online are a number of shopping centres, the backroom of a chemist and a residential driveway.
The cameras' longitude and latitude has been posted along with the live feed, as well the login and password which are often "admin" or "12345".
It's Barbie in a burkha: World-famous doll gets a makeover to go under the hammer for 50th anniversary
One of the world's most famous children's toys, Barbie, has been given a makeover - wearing a burkha.
Wearing the traditional Islamic dress, the iconic doll is going undercover for a charity auction in connection with Sotheby's for Save The Children.
More than 500 Barbies went on show yesterday at the Salone dei Cinquecento, in Florence, Italy.
Burkha Barbie: The iconic doll wearing traditional Islamic dress
Makers Mattel are backing the exhibition which is the work of Italian designer Eliana Lorena.
The auction is part of Barbie celebrations for her 50th anniversary this year. The UK's biggest Barbie fan Angela Ellis, 35, has a collection of more than 250 dolls.
The company director of Laird Assessors from The Wirral, Cheshire, said: 'Bring it on Burkha Barbie, I think this is a great idea.
'I think this is really important for girls, wherever they are from they should have the opportunity to play with a Barbie that they feel represents them.
Designer: Eliana Lorena is putting Barbie undercover for an auction to celebrate the doll's 50th anniversary
'I know Barbie was something seen as bad before as an image for girls, but in actual fact the message with Barbie for women is you can be whatever you want to be.
'I have a Barbie in a wheelchair that was only out for six weeks.'
The mum-of-two's own Barbie collection is set to be displayed at London's Victoria and Albert Museum in 2012.
Barbie was first launched in March 1959 by American businesswoman Ruth Handler. The doll was joined by her long-term boyfriend Ken in 1961.
Rosie Shannon, from Save the Children, said all the proceeds from the auction will go to the charity.
She said: 'We are delighted Sotheby's and the designer chose to auction the burka Barbie dolls for our charity.'
The money will go towards the Rewrite the Future campaign which helps millions of children around the world effected by conflict.
The GOP field has rarely acknowledged any Democratic presidential candidate besides Hillary Clinton, expecting that she will be their opponent in November. That started to change Monday night.
"If Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton get elected -- if they were to win, we would be a great nation in decline. ... We will defeat Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders or whoever they nominate," Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) told supporters after his third-place finish in the Iowa caucuses.
"We will go on to easily beat Hillary or Bernie or whoever the hell they throw up there," Donald Trump, the second-place finisher, added in his speech later in the night.
Sure, both the Republican candidates were bashing Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.). But that shows they are now seeing him as a potential competitor in the general election. Both men made their remarks as Sanders and Clinton were locked in a close battle, with the results still too close to call.
In the last Republican debate, Sanders' name came up only briefly, in a mention by Rubio.
"It better not be Bernie Sanders. Bernie Sanders is a socialist. I think Bernie Sanders is a good candidate for president of Sweden," Rubio said.
Clinton, meanwhile, came up over and over again -- as she always does. Republicans have consistently focused their attacks on her, even running TV ads against the former secretary of state.
Sanders has a considerable lead in polls for the New Hampshire primary, which is taking place on Feb. 9. And if he continues to gain momentum, he will likely face more and more attacks from Republicans.
Sanders, for his part, was thrilled with the results Monday night.
"Nine months ago, we came to this beautiful state. We had no political organization, we had no money, we had no name recognition and we were taking on the most powerful political organization in the United States of America," Sanders said to a raucous crowd of supporters. "And tonight, while the results are still not known, it looks like we are in a virtual tie ... [and] we'll have about half of the Iowa delegates."
Want more updates from Amanda? Sign up for her newsletter, Piping Hot Truth.
Enter your email address:
Also on HuffPost:
Roughly 120 small earthquakes rumbled beneath the slopes of Mount St. Helens late last month, officials said, though the recent seismic activity does not necessarily foretell an impending eruption.
While the mountain responsible for the deadliest eruption in American history does not appear to be on the precipice of blowing its top, the recent quake swarms serve as a reminder that Mount St. Helens is still very active.
"Each of these little earthquakes is a clue and a reminder we are marching toward an eruption someday," Weston Thelen, a seismologist with U.S. Geological Survey's Cascades Volcano Observatory in Vancouver, told The Columbian, which first reported the story.
"There's nothing in this little modest seismicity, and none since 2008, that is a really good indicator of when that eruption will be," Thelen added.
Little is known about the exact origin of Mount St. Helens' magma. Recently, scientists found that the inside of the volcano was surprisingly cool and theorized that molten rock actually flowed in an underground plumbing system from east of the mountain.
Research raises questions about the mysterious source of Mount St. Helens' magma It turns out the rock beneath the volcano's surface is actually quite cool.
Wherever the magma comes from, it constantly releases gas within the volcano, which experts believe could be the cause of the recent quakes. Most of the temblors were 1 to 2 miles beneath the surface and all of them were too weak to be felt above ground.
"We know Mount St. Helens is slowly repressurizing," Liz Westby, a Cascades Volcano Observatory geologist, told The Columbian. "We can't see it, but we think it's inflating subtly."
-- Kale Williams
kwilliams@oregonian.com
503-294-4048
I just got off a conference call with Elizabeth Warren. And while she said her plans extend no further than taking her grandkids to LegoLand, it's pretty clear she's going to be spending her time beating up on Republicans. Rather than respond to questions about why she didn't get the job as Director of CFPB, she said she was “saving all the rocks in my pocket for the Republicans.” She also said, in the context of fighting for the CFPB, that
Having a nominee frees us up to have a big political fight. … Republicans want to embrace the system that failed. My view is we can now have that fight. … Republicans are counting on the word [that they're opposing the CFPB] not getting back to their constituents at home.
This is the kind of fight we haven't heard from Warren for the entire year she's been cooped up at the White House. And it's the kind of fight that, when she is allowed to make it, she generally wins.
So whether or not Warren intends to run for the Senate (she demurred when asked that question), it seems she's prepared to, finally, make this a political fight, to make Republicans pay for their intransigence on this issue.
In the end, this won't necessarily get us a CFPB Director, and therefore it won't necessarily get us a fully-functional CFPB. But it will finally brand Republicans for the anti-consumer policies they've embraced.
Let's hope the White House doesn't undercut Warren's arguments by embracing the same kinds of policies.
600 March Against Garda Violence at Student Demo Last Week.
dublin | education | feature Monday November 15, 2010 23:00 Monday November 15, 2010 23:00 by TD
Angry students protest against Garda brutality
"An injury to one is the concern of all", according to Free Education for Everyone spokesperson.
More than 600 people marched in Dublin city centre tonight against Garda violence at last weeks student demonstration.
Speaking ahead of the protest, well known trade unionist Des Bonass told indymedia ;"I believe last weeks actions from the Guards are coming down from a higher authority to keep people off the streets."
The demonstrators marched from Stephens Green to Pearse Street Garda station, chanting "No cutbacks, no fees, no Fianna Fail TDs."
Student speakers were joined by representatives of Dublin Shell to Sea and the Dublin Congress of Trade Unionists.
A Free Education for Everyone (FEE) spokesperson thanked all those who showed solidarity with the student movement and said "Who knows when we will be needed to support them? There is a long fightback that needs to be staged in this country."
However, some comments from the speakers provoked an angry response from demonstrators. The Vice President of NCAD students union was heckled loudly when he appeared to question the motives of some protesters at last weeks demo. "We have the power to make a protest peaceful", he told the crowd.
Similarly, Des Bonass of the Dublin Congress of Trade Unions was interrupted when he called for support for the Gardai with their industrial relations issues.
"I was just trying to get the Guards to come over to our side", he later told Indymedia.
Despite repeated requests, an invitation to the Guards to speak to the protesters was not taken up.
Among the demonstrators present were representatives of the Workers Solidarity Movement, the Socialist Party, Labour Youth, the Socialist Workers Party and various Republican groups.
Speaking after the demo, a FEE spokesperson told Indymedia that hundreds of students around Ireland were contacting the Free Education for Everyone (FEE) .
"The Guards have radicalised a generation of young people in a way that no Connolly pamphlet of left wing poster has managed to do."
The Indian Government has signed the membership of SKA Organization, under the leadership of which, 10 nations are together building the world's largest radio telescope. Here are some interesting things about the project.
India has joined nine other nations to build the world's largest radio telescope – the Square Kilometre Array (SKA).
SKA is a radio telescope project to be built and co-located in Australia and South Africa. It is said to be an instrument so large that its size will span two continents, and so sensitive that it will be able to detect very faint radio signals emitted by cosmic sources billions of light years away from Earth.
Many Indian institutions, led by National Centre for Radio Astronomy (NCRA), Pune, will be involved in this project. The secretary of the Indian Department of Atomic Energy (DAE), Dr. R.K.Sinha signed the documents on behalf of the Government of India, in Mumbai, thereby formally becoming a part of the SKA project.
“We welcome India as part of the ongoing SKA project. India, via NCRA, has already been playing a significant role in the design phase of the telescope which will continue till 2017, and I look forward to continued involvement of India during the construction of the telescope, starting 2018. India has several decades of expertise in low frequency radio astronomy which is an added advantage,” said Professor Philip Diamond, Director General of the SKA Project.
Here are seven things to know about the SKA project.
1. The SKA project is led by UK based SKA Organization (SKAO).
It is a not-for-profit organization established in December 2011, with the purpose of coordinating all global activities of the SKA project, and formalising the relationship between all international partners.
2. The other nations involved in the project are Australia, Canada, China, Italy, the Netherlands, New Zealand, South Africa, Sweden, and the UK.
3. The idea behind the project is to build a radio telescope that will be tens of times more sensitive and hundreds of times faster at mapping the sky, when compared to the best radio astronomy facilities available today.
4. It will not be a single telescope but an array of different types of antennas spread across two continents, Australia and South Africa.
Radio signals are emitted by a large number of cosmic sources. A radio telescope consists of an antenna, receiver and a data recorder. The SKA will combine the signals received from thousands of small parabolic and dipole antennas spread over a distance of several thousand kilometres. The dipole antennas are capable of receiving very low frequencies and the parabolic antennas operate at higher frequencies. These antennas will simulate a single giant radio telescope with extremely high sensitivity.
5. Construction of Phase 1 will take place from 2018 to 2023, and early operations will begin in 2020.
6. The two main goals for the SKA would be to look for signals related to the birth of the first stars, and to test Albert Einstein's general theory of relativity in regions of extreme gravity.
According to their website, “The SKA will be used to answer fundamental questions of science and about the laws of nature, such as: how did the Universe, and the stars and galaxies contained in it, form and evolve? Was Einstein's theory of relativity correct? What is the nature of ‘dark matter' and ‘dark energy'? What is the origin of cosmic magnetism? Is there life somewhere else in the Universe?”
7. Indian scientists have already been working on software packages of the telescope since 2013.
A decision on whether India will also contribute to the hardware and construction of the SKA is yet to be taken
Ceremony today for Indian govt joining @SKA_telescope. Dr R.K.Sinha (Secy Dept Atomic Energy) & me signing document: pic.twitter.com/rCN8GfZIIS — Phil Diamond (@SKA_DG) October 5, 2015
All Pictures: Wikipedia
Like this story? Or have something to share? Write to us: contact@thebetterindia.com, or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter (@thebetterindia).
Macedonian President Gjorge Ivanov has refused to grant a coalition of Social Democrats and ethnic Albanian parties a mandate to form a government, further escalating the country's long-running political crisis.
Wednesday's move came two days after opposition leader Zoran Zaev, head of the Social Democrats, had asked Ivanov to designate him as prime minister following weeks of negotiations in the wake of an inconclusive election in December.
Zaev formed the coalition, which holds a parliamentary majority, after agreeing to support a bill to enable wider use of the Albanian language.
RELATED: Macedonians take on government in massive protest
That was part of a platform for negotiations agreed by the Albanian parties with authorities in Albania's capital, Tirana, which Ivanov said made the pact inadmissible.
"As long as I am president, I will not give the mandate [to form the cabinet] to a party working against sovereignty," Ivanov said in a televised address, accusing Zaev of intent to violate the country's constitution.
Macedonia has been in political limbo since a corruption and surveillance scandal broke two years ago, eventually forcing the veteran leader of the nationalist VMRO-DPMNE, Nikola Gruevski, out of office in January 2016 after 10 years in power.
Ivanov is a close ally of the former prime minister, who allegedly ordered the illegal wiretapping of thousands of people in order to cement his grip on power.
'It's chaos'
Commenting on Ivanov's move, an official from the Albanian Democratic Union of Integration (DUI), the single largest ethnic Albanian party with 10 parliamentary seats, said: "It's a chaos".
The second biggest ethnic Albanian party, Bes, which has five seats, said it would hold an urgent meeting on Wednesday evening.
In December's snap election, VMRO-DPMNE won 51 seats to the Social Democrats' 49, leaving neither able to form the government without parties representing ethnic Albanians who make up one third of the population.
The VMRO-DPMNE had already tried but failed to form a coalition.
Thousands had protested Zaev's deal on Monday evening.
By now everyone knows that as part of QEternity, Uncle Ben is currently monetizing $40 billion in MBS per month, a number which as we first forecast hours after its announcement and which everyone is now piling on to reaffirm, will rise to $85 billion in outright, unsterilized monetization beginning January 1, 2013 (as anything less would be seen as impllicit tightening in a market which now needs $85 billion in Fed Flow monthly simply not to collapse). This is fungible money which is going solely to benefit the banks, whose reserves with the Fed swell, and which proceeds can be used for virtually any purpose - from buying MBS (which they are doing) to 300x P/E stocks like AMZN - but not to be lent out to those desperately seeking loans? Why: one simple reason - the banks are already mired in legacy litigation from loans made during the last housing bubble (just see the hundreds of mortgage-related lawsuits Bank of Countrywide Lynch is a defendant in, and the just announced $1 billion lawsuit against Bank of America by the US and you will get a sense of how bad it is) and the last thing they need is a repeat of that. And while the Fed has only one monetary easing pathway, which always goes through the banks, we wish to demonstrate to our readers what, in a thought experiment ignoring all the obvious practical considerations, the equivalent benefit to the general population would be if instead of being held by the banks and used to make the rich even richer, this money would bypass the banking syndicate and go straight to the US job seeker...
For perspective purposes, below is a crate supporting $100MM in cash.
The graphic below then shows how many minimum wage jobs this $100 million could fund (labor supply and demand and other "practical" stuff aside). In short, it takes 3500 minimum wage American workers one year to make $100 million.
So how many minimum wage jobs could one week, forget one month, of the current $40 billion in QE 3, prefund?
This much.
And this is just one WEEK of QE 3.
To visualize how many jobs the Fed could fund in one year starting with its outright monetization of $85 billion/month in January, in one full year, take all the groups of people shown above, and multiply by 100!
And this is why America is not enamored with the Fed or with its bankers...
graphic courtesy of Demonocracy
Allen Institute for Brain Science
Scientists cannot hope to prevent or cure neurological disease
without a solid understanding of what makes healthy brains tick. But the human brain is an intricate, mysterious machine. Every second, billions of neurons flash electrochemical signals across trillions of synapses.
One year ago today, President Obama announced the BRAIN (Brain Research through Advancing Innovative Neurotechnologies) Initiative, a $300 million collaborative research project with the ambitious goal of mapping every neuron in the human brain, with the long-term hope of unraveling the neurological causes of diseases like Parkinson's to autism, which today remain hidden within the black box of the human brain. Today, as part of that effort, scientists at the Allen Institute for Brain Science in Seattle have produced some of the most detailed brain maps that we have seen so far.
One study in the journal Nature, by Ed Lein and colleagues, presents the first comprehensive atlas of the developing human brain. A second paper, by Hongkui Zeng and colleagues, presents the first complete brain-connectivity map for mice.
The Landscape of a Developing Human Brain
Scientists have spent years cataloguing genetic activity across the brain, in search of those rare misread genes that result in crippling disease. Ed Lein and his team resolved to tackle developmental disorders at their source by building a genetic map of the human brain in utero.
"We looked at the developing human brain, which we have extremely little knowledge about," he says. "Our aim was to home in so that we could profile different cells and illustrate how some genes vary across anatomical structures."
Nature
FOLR1, a receptor utilized for proper folate transport in cortex, is most highly expressed in brain areas of new neuron generation during prenatal development. Images: Allen Institute for Brain Science
Lein's research is part of the larger BrainSpan project, an open-access atlas of the developing human brain. A crucial part of the larger Brain Initiative, BrainSpan is a database of transcriptional mechanisms in brain development, or those critical moments when genes are read and expressed. "This project epitomizes the Brain Initiative's intent of forming public–private partnerships to advance neuroscience," he says.
The BrainSpan database holds special promise for identifying candidate genes, or those genes most likely to cause diseases. As a proof of concept, Lein and his team used the database to identify a cluster of genes that is both active in early development and mutated in autism patients. Lein believes that the database will help researchers understand more about autism as well as other neurological disorders by highlighting even more candidate genes.
The next step, Lein says, is to take an even closer look at single brain cells and their genetics. "Now we're pushing toward understanding the nature of individual cells instead of large groups of cells, and at this level, the genes become causative."
Mapping the Connections
Neurological disorders are not isolated events. Every action in the brain is interwoven in layers of cells and tissue, involving complex connections and lengthy pathways. One of the Brain Initiative's biggest challenges will be to map every connection in the human brain so researchers can trace the origins of disease.
Hongkui Zeng is at the helm of the effort to produce a comprehensive connectome—a database of every connection in the human brain. As a step toward this goal, Zeng and her team created a complete connectome of the mouse brain.
Nature
A circular wiring diagram of connections among 215 distinct regions throughout the mouse brain.
"This is really the first comprehensive description of the connections in a mammalian brain," Zeng says. "We now have a structural map of the 86 million neurons and their interconnections."
Before Zeng's research, the only complete connectome database detailed the primitive nematode brain, made up of a paltry 302 neurons. This paper represents a leap to complex mammalian brains. "Researchers can use the map as a guide, experimentally," Zeng says. "They can identify which regions of the brain are involved in a particular behavior and then draw a pathway from start to finish."
The human brain is about 2000 times larger and contains 1000 times more neurons than the mouse brain. But a complete human connectome may not be far off, Zeng says: "I'm optimistic that a comparable human brain map will be generated within the next five to 10 years."
Nature
A high-resolution view of the dense and highly branched axonal projection pattern of the cortico-cortical connections originating from the primary somatosensory cortex.
Image copyright AP Image caption A cannabis farm near Safed in the north. Israel is a leading researcher in medical marijuana use
The Israeli government has taken steps to reduce the penalties for personal marijuana use.
It backed plans to issue fines initially, and only resort to criminal charges for repeat offenders.
Selling, buying and producing the drug will remain illegal and the move must still be ratified by parliament.
According to the UN Office on Drugs and Crime, almost 9% of Israelis use cannabis, though some experts believe the figure to be higher.
The move follows recommendations by a committee set up to study the issue, and moves by a number of US states and European nations to decriminalise use of the drug.
"On the one hand we are opening ourselves up to the future. On the other hand, we understand the dangers and will try to balance the two," Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told his cabinet ahead of the vote.
You might also want to read:
Israeli Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked said: "Israel cannot shut its eyes to the changes being made across the world in respect to marijuana consumption and its effects."
Meanwhile, Public Security Minister Gilad Erdan added that the move was "an important step on the way to implementing a new policy that will emphasise education and treatment instead of criminal enforcement".
Under the new system, first-time personal users who are caught and confess will be fined 1,000 shekels (£220; $270), with this doubling on the second occasion.
Probation will apply the third time and only a fourth case would lead to criminal charges.
Israel is one of the world leaders in research into medical use of marijuana.
WASHINGTON (Yonhap) -- The incoming top American military commander in Korea said Tuesday that the United States and South Korea should prepare for the possibility of a regime collapse in North Korea.
In his Senate Armed Services Committee confirmation hearing, Gen. James Thurman, the nominee to lead 28,000 U.S. forces in South Korea, raised doubts over the North's heir apparent, Kim Jong-un, who is said to be under 30.
The U.S.-South Korea Combined Forces Command "must continue readiness preparations to fight and win a war with North Korea and at the same time prepare to deal with the complexity of a regime collapse and the attendant consequences," he said.
Thurman, who has spent most of his career in field operations, stressed North Korea represents "one of the greatest near-term threats to regional security and stability."
"A significant challenge is to understand the regime of Kim Jong-il and attempt to determine its intent," he added. "The alliance must take the necessary actions to deter attack, break the cycle of North Korean provocation, and remain ready to defend if deterrence fails."
Thurman pointed out that the ongoing power succession process in the North adds "another dynamic" to deterrence. The North's leader, Kim Jong-il, is apparently working to hand over power to his third and youngest son, Jong-un, who was unknown until several months ago.
"Kim Jong-un's youth and inexperience increase the likelihood of miscalculation, as does the imperative for him to establish credibility with the military hardliners he needs to support succession," Thurman said. "These factors make him less predictable in the near term."
He said the current leader is also "unpredictable" and he is expected to continue provocations.
"I believe Kim Jong-il is an unpredictable leader. He continues to antagonize and, through his coercive diplomacy, to protect his nuclear capability, I believe," he said. "So I think he will continue this cycle of provocations."
The general expressed concerns over the North's missile and nuclear technologies, saying it possesses enough material for at least six plutonium-based weapons, along with a highly enriched uranium program, and an inventory of more than 800 ballistic missiles.
"North Korea grows closer to threatening the western United States and striking Okinawa, Guam and Alaska," he said. "This missile development program presents a threat which cannot be ignored."
He stressed that the U.S. and South Korea should bolster their joint missile defense system.
"Although there is more than one missile defense system in the ROK (South Korea), they are not mutually supporting, nor do they provide layered defense," he said, adding layered defense is required to shoot down an inbound ballistic missile at different points in its trajectory.
Sen. Carl Levin, chairman of the Armed Services Committee, noted the timing of Thurman's assignment in Korea.
"General Thurman's nomination as the next commander of U.S. forces in Korea come at a time of significant change and simmering tension on the Korean Peninsula," the senator said at the start of the hearing.
Lt. Gen. John Allen, the nominee to be commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan, and Vice Adm. William McRaven, tapped to lead the U.S. Special Operations Command, also attended the confirmation hearing session.
If confirmed, Thurman will replace Gen. Walter Sharp, who has served in Korea for three years.
Thurman is now commander of the U.S. Army Forces Command and served as commander of the 4th Infantry Division in Iraq from 2005 to 2006.
The inaugural HempX festival, which takes place at Highland Brewing Co., on Friday and Saturday, Sept. 18-19, has announced a full schedule of events.
Here is the press release from organizers:
HempX, a collaboration between Adapt, Highland Brewing Company and Asheville Event Co., is the first event of its kind in the state of North Carolina. The goal of HempX is to help educate the public about the many uses and benefits of industrial hemp. Organizers are excited to announce event specifics, including speakers, panelists, vendors and live music.
The two-day event kicks off at noon on Friday, September 18th, with A Taste of Hemp. Spearheaded by Plant Restaurant chef/owner Jason Sellers, A Taste of Hemp will offer a variety of small bites made with hemp seed, hemp oil, and hemp flour. Considered by nutritionists to be one of nature's “most perfect foods,” hemp seed is loaded with all 20 amino acids (including the nine essential), and is rich in protein, omega-fatty acids and fiber.
A Taste of Hemp is the only ticketed event at HempX. Tickets are $20 and include all food and beverage. All proceeds benefit Accelerating Appalachia. Tickets may be purchased at Plant Restaurant or online at https://www.eventbrite.com/myevent?eid=18203930446
Friday's panel discussion, Hemp and the Future of the Family Farm, will be moderated by Preston Whitfield, a Board Member of the American Hemp Association and longtime hemp activist. Panelists include Mike Lewis, Founder of Growing Warriors and the first US citizen permitted to grow hemp again; Sara Day Evans, Founding Director of Accelerating Appalachia and Co-Founder of Prosperity Collective; David Schmitt, COO, Industrial Hemp Manufacturing, LLC; and Chad Oliphant, Co-Owner of Smiling Hara Tempeh.
After the panel it's all about live music with Woody Wood in the Tasting Room, followed by surf-a-billy rock band Red Honey on the Highland Outdoor Stage. Bluegrass fusion band Brushfire Stankgrass takes the stage at 6:30, with Raleigh jam band Urban Soil ending the evening with their sweet Americana rock and soul blend.
Saturday's events begin at 1:00 p.m. with the Food/Fuel/Fiber Expo in the Highland Meadow. Over 15 hemp-friendly businesses and organizations will be exhibiting their products and providing information. There is also a full schedule of live music, presentations, and fun activities for families and kids all afternoon.
The first Saturday panel is HempUSA: Construction/Clothing/Consumers. Moderated by Preston Whitfield, the discussion features Tim Callahan, Chief Designer at Alembic Studio, an architectural firm that specializes in hempcrete design and building; Stephanie Teague, Owner of Pretty Birdie, a hemp clothing company based in Greensboro, NC; and Leah McGrath, Corporate Dietitian for Ingles Markets. The event will also feature a hemp fashion show with designs by Pretty Birdie.
Immediately following is Emerging Technologies of Hemp, a presentation by Richard Rose. Rose is the founder of the Medicinal Hemp Association, author of The Hemp Nut Cookbook, and one of the acknowledged fathers of the hemp movement in the United States.
Saturday's musical highlights include Devils and Dust, Key West's Micah Gardner and the Bar Stool Sailors, electronic instrumentalist Thunderdrums, and a highly anticipated reunion of Count Clovis.
HempX Asheville is sponsored by The North Carolina Industrial Hemp Association (NCIHA), Canna Energy and Industrial Hemp Manufacturing, LLC. All event proceeds benefit Accelerating Appalachia.
For more information and a full schedule of activities and music, visit www.hempxasheville.com
The Ducks are trying to capture their third Pacific Division championship in franchise history. The previous two division titlists fared with very different results in the Stanley Cup playoffs as the 2006-07 club hoisted Lord Stanley's Cup while the 2012-13 team was unceremoniously bounced in the first round by Detroit.
Winning the division, in short, does not guarantee postseason success. But the race for the Pacific carries more meaning these days because of the NHL changing to a more division-based playoff structure.
Here is a look at what the Ducks need to do win the Pacific and the meaning it carries for them as they build up to Game 1 over the next two weeks.
THE FINAL STRETCH
Entering Tuesday, the Ducks have 106 points followed by San Jose with 103 and the Kings with 94. The Ducks have seven games remaining (four at home), the Sharks have six (four at home), and the Kings have six (two at home). Each has one game remaining against the others. The Kings visit San Jose on Thursday. Anaheim plays host to San Jose on April 9 and visits the Kings on April 12.
WHO MAKES THE PLAYOFFS?
In the new format, the top three finishers in each division are guaranteed spots in the postseason. The remaining two spots are considered wild-card entries and go to the teams with the most points in each of the two conferences, regardless of division finish. The team with the conference's most points will be the No. 1 seed and will face the wild-card team with the lowest point total, while the other division winner will face the top wild-card finisher. The second- and third-place teams in each division will play each other in the first round.
WHY IS WINNING THE PACIFIC IMPORTANT?
The Ducks are in position to win their second straight division title. If the playoffs were to start today, they would be seeded second and would draw Minnesota in the first round.
The Wild has 89 points but lost two of the three meetings with the Ducks this season and has goaltending issues with Josh Harding and Niklas Backstrom out. Young Darcy Kuemper is battling an injury and they may have to rely on one-time Ducks netminder Ilya Bryzgalov in goal.
If the Ducks let the Pacific get away, they would start with the Kings in the first playoff showdown between the Southern California teams. L.A. is not that far removed from winning it all in 2012 and still has Conn Smythe Trophy winner Jonathan Quick in goal.
Better to take their chances with Minnesota right off the bat and let the Sharks and Kings duke it out, as they did for seven tough games last spring. The Ducks would have home ice either way, but it'd be better to wait to try to beat Quick four times in the second round.
HOW CAN THE DUCKS CLINCH?
The Ducks would win if they get a combination of nine points won by them or lost by San Jose. Even if the Sharks were to win their final six games and finish with 115 points, the Ducks can go 4-2-1 and hoist another division banner because they hold the first tiebreaker for number of regulation and overtime wins (47 to 37). And if the Sharks don't win out, Anaheim simply won't have to do as much. If both teams win their games until the April 9 showdown, the Ducks could be in position to clinch that night.
WHAT ABOUT THE KINGS?
They're pretty well locked into the third slot out of the Pacific. The Kings can't catch Anaheim for first in any scenario since the Ducks already clinched the five-game season series with three wins in the first four meetings.
And reeling in the Sharks is daunting as San Jose has an 11-point edge, so the Sharks will have home ice, which decided last year's seven-game war in L.A.'s favor.
Having said that, the Kings have eight straight wins on the road and were 14-3 in their past 17 overall until losing Monday at home to Minnesota. They will be a tough out no matter what.
Contact the writer: estephens@ocregister.com
Finding Oscar The Aftermath of a Brutal Massacre
Sept. 30, 4:23 p.m.: This story has been clarified.
Editor's Note: This story has also been published in Spanish.
RIVERSIDE, Calif. — Shaken by sobs, his head bowed, a former Guatemalan commando testified last week that he wept as he hurled a little boy to his death in a village well 31 years ago while a commanding officer, Lt. Jorge Vinicio Sosa Orantes, snarled: “This is a job for men!”
Sosa, now a 55-year-old U.S. citizen, watched that grim testimony from a defense table guarded by U.S. marshals in a federal courtroom here. His former comrade-in-arms, Gilberto Jordán, accused Sosa of playing a lead role in one of the worst war crimes in the recent history of the hemisphere: the massacre of 250 people in the Guatemalan hamlet of Dos Erres in 1982. Sosa is charged with fraudulently obtaining U.S. citizenship years later by concealing his participation in the massacre.
The trial began last week and is the first trial in the United States involving an atrocity from Guatemala's 30-year civil war. It is also the first full airing of the Dos Erres case in a U.S. court. Sosa has become the highest-ranking suspect to be prosecuted. U.S. authorities had previously jailed Jordán, who pleaded guilty to immigration fraud charges in 2010, and another ex-soldier who had migrated to the United States. Guatemalan courts have convicted five former commandos. Seven others remain fugitives in an ongoing case that has tested Guatemala's ability to pursue justice against war criminals shielded by corrupt security forces and powerful mafias.
During the first four days of the trial, federal prosecutors undertook an unusual challenge: attempting to prove Sosa participated in the slaughter to convict him of the relatively minor crime of immigration fraud. When Sosa obtained citizenship in 2008 and a green card in 1998, he allegedly made false statements on immigration forms by failing to disclose his military service and saying he had never committed a crime for which he had not been arrested, according to prosecutors.
The defense argues that Sosa did not think he had committed a crime because he had been a soldier following orders. Sosa's lawyer also asserted that the questions on the immigration forms were vague and that U.S. immigration officials should have seen in Sosa's file that he had disclosed his Guatemalan military service in a failed application for political asylum in 1985.
“This case is about an ex-soldier's answers on an immigration form, pure and simple,” said the lawyer, H.H. (Shashi) Kewalramani, during opening arguments. “As much as the U.S. government wants to make this a war crimes case, it's not.”
It certainly resembles a war crimes case, however. The testimony in this city an hour east of Los Angeles plunged the jury into the horror in a Guatemalan jungle village three decades ago. Two former commandos recounted a rampage of rape and murder that wiped Dos Erres off the map. A survivor who was a boy in 1982 described clinging to his mother's leg as soldiers dragged her to her death. And Sosa's ex-wife and the lead investigator testified that Sosa fled to Mexico and then Canada three years ago after federal agents served a search warrant on his Riverside County home.
Canadian police arrested Sosa, who holds Canadian as well as U.S. citizenship, in 2011 and extradited him to the United States last year.
The testimony began with a dramatic reunion between Sosa and Jordán, who is serving a 10-year prison sentence in Florida. In 1982, both worked as instructors at a school that trained “Kaibiles,” as Guatemala's notoriously brutal commandos are known. As the civil war intensified, the regime of dictator Efraín Ríos Montt reassigned the instructors to a 20-man rapid reaction squad. Four were lieutenants—Sosa had the least seniority among them—and the rest were sergeants.
Sosa is a compact, black-mustached martial arts expert. He spent the decade before his 2010 indictment operating karate schools in Southern California. Wearing a dark suit and glasses, he watched last Tuesday as federal marshals brought in Jordán, who wore orange prison overalls and leg chains. The two veterans did not acknowledge each other.
Jordán looked older than his 57 years: bespectacled, gray-haired, tormented. In 2010, he confessed his involvement in the massacre when federal agents went to his home to question him. He told the agents he had known the day would come when he would have to pay for his actions. He faces deportation to stand trial for mass murder in Guatemala upon his release.
Jordán testified in Spanish through an interpreter. He said he has received no deal other than a promise that U.S. prosecutors will write a letter to Guatemala's attorney general saying he has cooperated.
The initial goal of the mission on Dec. 6, 1982, was to recover 21 rifles that guerillas had taken during an ambush on soldiers, Jordán testified. Intelligence indicated that the rifles were in Dos Erres, but Jordán said the squad found no rifles or guerrillas and encountered no resistance from the peaceable citizens of the hamlet. The commandos separated the men from the women and children and herded the two groups into a church and a school. The nightmare began when a lieutenant raped one of the women, Jordán said. After a meeting among the lieutenants, new orders were given, Jordán testified.
“The mission changed,” he said. “They ordered us to kill all the people.”
Jordán was a seasoned paratrooper at the time, but he had not yet become a Kaibil. He portrayed himself as an unwilling participant in the slaughter. He testified that he was ordered to bring a child and throw him into a well in the center of the village that became the epicenter of the massacre.
“He was about 3 years old, the age of my son,” Jordán testified.
Jordán bent forward in the witness stand and wept as he continued, staring straight down. He said: “As we were on our way, I was crying. He was staring at me and crying as well. A sergeant told me not to cry or I would end up in the well … I arrived and that's when I heard Mr. Sosa, and he said this was a job for men and I threw the child in the well.”
Assistant U.S. Attorney Brian D. Skaret asked how Jordán felt at that moment. Jordán lifted his head and snapped: “Bad!”
The testimony of Jordán and another ex-commando, César Franco Ibañez, placed Sosa at the edge of the well supervising the methodical extermination of the villagers. The commandos blindfolded their victims, questioned them, slammed them on the head with a metal sledgehammer and dumped them into the well, according to the testimony. Both witnesses testified that a man who had fallen onto the pile of victims insulted Sosa, and the enraged lieutenant fired his gun into the well. Jordán testified that Sosa also tossed a grenade in the well.
“I think he lost his head and started firing,” Franco testified. “He answered them with his rifle … He said: ‘Well die, you sons-of-bitches.' ”
Franco remained impassive when he testified about killing people and raping a woman. The short, stocky former sergeant is one of two members of the squad who broke the military's code of silence in the mid-1990s and gave unprecedented first-hand testimony. Guatemalan prosecutors made Franco a protected witness and relocated him another country, where he lives today with his family. The Guatemalan government pays him a $550 monthly stipend, he said. He has testified in previous U.S. and Guatemalan prosecutions and given interviews to news organizations, including ProPublica.
During cross-examination, the defense attorney tried to cast doubt on Franco's testimony, asserting that his story has changed over the years about details such as whether Sosa used a rifle or a shotgun. Kewalramani cited a prosecution report about an interview of Franco by U.S. investigators, saying Franco had not mentioned Sosa in a list of commandos at the village well during that interview in a U.S. embassy in the country where he lives.
Franco insisted that the report was wrong.
“I also mentioned Sosa,” Franco testified. “… I named him since the very beginning.”
Another challenge to Franco's testimony arose from an unexpected source Friday morning. Prosecutor Skaret disclosed in court that the section chief of the Justice Department's war crimes unit had received an email from a prosecutor who is on leave. The prosecutor, George Ferko, wrote in the email that he had read about Franco's testimony in news reports and was compelled to alert his colleagues that he felt the witness was not credible, according to Skaret. Ferko had interviewed the ex-commando as part of an investigation in 2009, Skaret said.
“César is a liar,” Ferko wrote, according to Skaret's statement in court. “César has changed his story once again.”
As a result, Sosa's attorney said he wanted an opportunity to talk to Ferko to decide whether to call him as a witness. The episode was remarkable: It is highly unusual for a Justice Department prosecutor to raise questions about a witness being used by his colleagues in the middle of a trial.
Nonetheless, the development may not have much impact. The defense has not challenged the central point of the testimony by the two former Kaibiles: that Sosa took part in the Dos Erres massacre.
During a phone interview from a Canadian jail last year with ProPublica, Sosa insisted he was not present at Dos Erres on the day of the crime. During the interview and in letters provided to ProPublica by his brother, Sosa claimed that he was working 100 miles away on a civil affairs project in a town called Melchor de Mencos, where he said he helped residents obtain school and sports supplies.
The defense has not repeated that claim during the trial. Without explicitly admitting Sosa's involvement, Kewalramani's opening argument emphasized the idea that the Guatemalan civil war was a brutal conflict and that Sosa was part of an elite unit that was trained to carry out orders. Sosa will not testify, his lawyer said Friday.
The prosecution ended its case with testimony from Ramiro Osorio Cristales. Osorio is the eldest of two boys who were spared, abducted by commandos and brought up in the soldiers' families. The other boy, Oscar Ramírez Castañeda, was only three and does not remember anything about Dos Erres. Ramírez now lives in Boston and his story was told by ProPublica last year.
Osorio lives in Canada. He was 5 years old when he lost his parents and six siblings in the massacre. He described his memories in accented but clear English, his voice breaking, pausing to regain his composure.
Osorio recalled that armed men burst into his house at night and dragged out the family. The men tied up his father and older brother with ropes around their hands and necks and brought them to the school with the rest of the men of the hamlet, he testified. The assailants herded the other children and their mother into the church with the terrified women and children of Dos Erres, according to his testimony.
“They started taking out women from the church,” Osorio testified. “They grabbed a woman by her hair and pulled her out, some young girls, teenagers. Their mom was saying ‘Please don't take my kids.'”
Osorio watched between the wooden slats of the church walls as soldiers raped women and killed children by smashing them against a tree, according to his testimony.
“They treated them like animals,” he said.
Then the soldiers came for Osorio's mother, he testified.
“I remember grabbing my mom by her leg,” he testified. “We are fighting with the guys … ‘Don't take my mom.' I ran to the back of the church to see what was happening to my mom. She was screaming for help: ‘Please don't kill us. Don't kill us. Don't kill my kids, they don't know anything.' ”
Osorio said he eventually fell asleep under a bench in the church. When he awoke, he testified, only four other children remained. Three of them were girls whom the commandos raped and murdered the next day. Only Osorio and Ramírez survived. When Osorio finished his testimony, jurors and spectators wiped away tears.
The trial is likely to end Monday because the prosecution pared down its initial list of witnesses, choosing not to call two more former commandos. The judge also said she has tried to speed up the trial because of the imminent possibility of a shutdown of the federal government. If the defense decides to call the former prosecutor who has questioned Franco's truthfulness, that testimony will take place Monday before closing arguments.
Clarification: This story has been revised to clarify Osorio's testimony that he was one of five children still alive after the soldiers' initial assault on Dos Erres.
OPI NAIL POLISHES (Clearance sale; no return) Page 1 of 1 Vanilla-zuela OP-NLA17 Price: $3.95 A Little Less Conversation OP-NLA93 Price: $3.95 Atomic Orange OP-NLB39 Price: $3.95 It's A Bird, It's A Plane, It's OPI! OP-NLB40 Price: $3.95 Goldilocks Rocks! OP-NLB47 Price: $3.95 That's All Bright with Me OP-NLB48 Price: $3.95 Can't You Sea? OP-NLB50 Price: $3.95 Teal the Cows Come Home OP-NLB54 Price: $3.95 Nicole Alerts! OP-NLB58 Price: $3.95 Canadian Maple Leaf OP-NLC88 Price: $3.95 Tangerine Scene OP-NLD13 Price: $3.95 Peace Baby! OP-NLD14 Price: $3.95 Vould U Like a Lick-tenstein? OP-NLE07 Price: $3.95 Ti-tan Your Toga OP-NLG07 Price: $3.95 Sensuous OP-NLH15 Price: $3.95 Embrace OP-NLH16 Price: $3.95 Oh So Glam! OP-NLH27 Price: $3.95 She's Golden OP-NLH28 Price: $3.95 Pearls Night Out OP-NLH30 Price: $3.95 Have A Tempura Tan-Trum OP-NLJ03 Price: $3.95 18K Ginza Gold OP-NLJ08 Price: $3.95 Orange You are Glad It's Summer? OP-NLK06 Price: $3.95 Casa Blanca OP-NLP08 Price: $3.95 Bride's Bouquet OP-NLR25 Price: $3.95 Room Service OP-NLR32 Price: $3.95 Getting Acquainted OP-NLR33 Price: $3.95 Here's To Us! OP-NLR34 1 left Price: $3.95 Silk Negligee OP-NLR35 Price: $3.95 Matched Luggage OP-NLR36 Price: $3.95 Cuddle By The Fire OP-NLR37 Price: $3.95 Romantic Retreat OP-NLR38 Price: $3.95 Marooned on the Magnificent Mile OP-NLW47 Price: $3.95 That's An "EL" of a Color! OP-NLW49 Price: $3.95 Buy-Buy, Tokyo! OP-SR5R1 2 left Price: $3.95 OPI RapiDry Nail Polish Dryer Spray A spray-on nail polish dryer that gives manicures a smooth, hard, smudge-proof finish in just a few minutes. Great for restoring shine between manicures. Mist on OPI RapiDry Nail Polish Dryer 45 seconds after applying final coat of nail polish. OP-09076 4 oz Price: $5.95 OPI Nail Envy Matte Nail Strengthener Natural Matte Finish. To strengthen natural nails, apply two coats of Matte Nail Envy, followed by one coat every other day. OP-37874 0.5 oz Price: $6.50 OPI Nail Envy Soft & Thin Nail Strengthener for Soft, Thin Nails Fortifies with Extra Calcium. To strengthen soft and thin natural nails, apply two coats of Soft & Thin Nail Envy, followed by one coat every other day. *** 2 left in stock *** OP-42956 0.5 oz Price: $6.50 Please Note: We made every effort to accurately display the nail polish colors, the actual colors you see will vary depending on your monitor settings. Page 1 of 1
Throughout his administration, President Obama used executive actions to enact policy when efforts to get legislation through Congress failed. It was widely understood that these actions could be easily undone by the next president, and part of Obama's case for Hillary Clinton was the need for another Democratic president to shore up his legacy.
Now the future of those policies may come down to a lunch with President-elect Donald Trump. White House press secretary Josh Earnest said that Obama would use his meeting with Trump on Thursday to attempt to convince him to keep some of those policies. “There is a tradition, particularly with regard to executive agreements of successive presidents preserving some element of continuity,” Earnest said.
But shattering traditions is what Trump is all about, and in an outline of his first 100 days in office released last month, he said one of his first actions as president would be to “cancel every unconstitutional executive action, memorandum and order issued by President Obama.”
Back in September, Trump campaign adviser Stephen Moore told The New Yorker that aides were already working to identify those policies. “Trump spends several hours signing papers — and erases the Obama presidency,” he said. “If you govern by executive orders, then the next president can come in and overturn them.”
Here's what could be the first to go.
Immigration
The most immediate risk is to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA, which temporarily shielded people brought to the U.S. illegally as children from deportation. It was enacted via a policy memo from former Homeland Security secretary Janet Napolitano, and President Trump could easily rescind it.
In the past four years, more than 700,000 people were approved for a two-year renewable authorization to remain in the U.S. under DACA. Now the policy that protected them from deportation could be used to send them back to a country they may not even remember. John Sandweg, a former acting director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, told the Washington Post that federal deportation agents “could absolutely use the information provided” to the government to target young, undocumented immigrants.
President Obama has already directed Immigration and Customs Enforcement to focus on deporting people with criminal records, not law-abiding families. Trump famously said that he would focus on getting rid of the “bad hombres,” but over the course of the campaign he contradicted himself repeatedly on what, exactly, would happen to the roughly 11 million undocumented immigrants living in the U.S. “I would expect a sea change in the enforcement landscape,'' said Sandweg.
Two immigration promises Trump can't make good on in the short-term: actually rounding up 11 million people, or building his “beautiful” southern border wall. Both tasks present many legal and logistical obstacles, and would require funding from Congress.
Health Care
Trump can't undo Obamacare on his own, but congressional Republicans have indicated that repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act is one of their top priorities. While a full repeal would require overcoming a filibuster in the Senate, they already demonstrated that they can partially roll back the law. In January, they used the reconciliation process to send Obama a bill that would have repealed the law's tax increase, insurance exchange subsidies, and Medicaid expansion.
That bill included a two-year transition period, so Republicans would need to implement their Obamacare replacement during that time to prevent millions of people from losing their health coverage, but they've never presented a detailed plan for a replacement.
Climate Change
Trump has said he believes climate change is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese, and he could single-handedly undo years of progress toward reducing greenhouse-gas emissions.
He's said he'll “cancel” or renegotiate the Paris Agreement, the international treaty to reduce global warming. Formally withdrawing from the treaty would take at least three years, and obviously Trump can't unilaterally renegotiate a treaty signed by 190 nations that took years to hammer out. However, since the United States' commitment to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions by 26 percent to 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025 is non-binding, he could simply refuse to comply — and that could enable other countries to ignore their commitments too.
The Trump administration could block EPA regulations that haven't been finalized, but undoing existing regulations (or abolishing the agency altogether) would require cooperation from Congress (and a lengthy legal battle).
Trade
Trump said he will immediately “announce my intention to renegotiate NAFTA or withdraw from the deal under Article 2205.” According to CNN Money, that article says any party can withdraw from the trade deal six months after providing written notice. The U.S. has not withdrawn from a trade agreement since 1866, and it's unclear what would happen. Experts say it could increase prices for American consumers and probably wouldn't bring back jobs, but Trump disagrees. “We're better off paying a little bit more and having jobs,” he said in June. “It's a much better system. The way it used to be.”
Plus, the Trans-Pacific Partnership is dead. Trump has called the deal a “disaster” and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said, “It's certainly not going to be brought up” for a vote before Trump takes office.
Trump said he will immediately direct his secretary of the Treasury to label China a currency manipulator, and he's called for a tariff of up to 45 percent on goods from China. As Vox explains:
He might face some resistance from Republicans in Congress on this point, but luckily for him, the president has a surprising amount of authority to unilaterally impose duties, by bringing “safeguard” or “market disruption” cases against imports from China or Mexico. He could bring a trade war upon America, whether Congress wants him to or not.
Terrorism
There will likely be a new battle over torture under a Trump administration. President Obama signed an executive order directing the CIA to stop using certain interrogation techniques such as waterboarding. During a debate in March, Trump said he would reauthorize waterboarding for suspected terrorists, as well as things that are a “hell of a lot worse,” like killing terrorists' family members.
Former CIA director Michael Hayden said the military would refuse those orders, because they constitute war crimes under international law. Trump initially said he would make military leaders obey. “If I say do it, they're going to do it. That's what leadership is all about,” he said. Later he said he would merely “use every legal power that I have to stop these terrorist enemies.”
It's unclear if Trump still thinks the U.S. needs a “total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States” until we can “figure out what is going on.” He stopped mentioning the policy in recent weeks, and on Wednesday his statement on the matter disappeared from his website. But Trump could pull off a ban, though there would be a massive backlash and legal challenge.
As the Detroit Free Press notes, presidents regularly invoke Section 212(f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, which says, “Whenever the president finds that the entry of any aliens or of any class of aliens into the United States would be detrimental to the interests of the United States” the president can keep them out for “such period as he shall deem necessary.” Trump could ban immigration from specific countries that he says pose a threat owing to “radical Islamic terrorism.”
Foreign Policy
Iranian president Hassan Rouhani told his cabinet on Wednesday that the deal struck between Iran and six other nations to curtail its nuclear development “cannot be overturned by one government's decision.”
However, Trump could probably make good on his promise to “dismantle the disastrous deal with Iran.” The other nations would not be up for renegotiating the deal, but it's a political agreement, not a binding treaty. As Vox explains, Trump could tank the deal by failing to make good on the United States' pledge:
President Trump, using his executive authority, could undo the Iran deal by reimposing those US sanctions on Iran. To do this, all Trump would essentially need to do is issue an Executive Order telling the US Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) to reimpose the various economic sanctions on Iran's government, financial institutions, and businesses that were lifted as part of the Iran deal.
While Trump previously supported reopening diplomatic relations with Cuba, in September he pledged to reverse President Obama's actions until he could strike a better deal. “All of the concessions that Barack Obama has granted the Castro regime were done with executive order, which means the next president can reverse them. And that is what I will do unless the Castro regime meets our demands,” Trump said. “Those demands will include religious and political freedom for the Cuban people and the freeing of political prisoners.”
LGBT Equality
The Obama administration issued regulations that protect LGBT people from discrimination in housing and health coverage, extend family-leave benefits to married same-sex couples, and direct public schools to allow transgender students to use the bathroom they choose (the Supreme Court will soon take up that case). While Trump is more liberal on LGBT issues than most Republicans, his vice-president, Mike Pence, is the exact opposite. In an interview last month, Pence said he would make sure his running mate reverses some of those measures.
Technology
In 2015, the FCC implemented the Open Internet Order, a set of rules meant to protect net neutrality. Trump hasn't commented on the issue recently, but in a 2014 tweet he said: “Obama's attack on the internet is another top-down power grab. Net neutrality is the Fairness Doctrine. Will target conservative media.”
It's unclear what this means, as the Fairness Doctrine was eliminated in 1987, and net neutrality has nothing to do with targeting conservative media. Let's just say he's not a fan of net neutrality, like many Republicans in Congress. Forbes lays out how President Trump could roll back the policy:
Trump is likely to appoint Jeffrey Eisenach the new FCC chairman, according to Politico. A fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, he has been an open and public critic of Chairman Wheeler and his policies. So, step one under the new FCC could be rolling back or undermining the Open Internet Order. It could mean the Internet will no longer be classified as a utility, and ISPs will have the option, say, to make consumers pay more for high-speed access to Netflix. This will have a huge effect on streaming services in particular.
If you're planning to ride out the Trump administration by binge-watching Netflix and pretending it isn't happening, it's going to cost you.
There has been some discussion on the web as of late about image ownership on photo sites so we wanted to take a moment to address this on Flickr.
Here at Flickr, we're all about helping you share your photos. That's what photos are for. Sharing and remembering what you see, with the people that matter to you.
We feel very strongly that sharing online shouldn't mean giving up rights to your photos. Our Terms of Service clearly spell out that Flickr/Yahoo! doesn't own the photos that you upload. You, as a member, maintain all ownership rights to the photos that you upload to Flickr. Our Terms of Service allow us to,
“use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on the Yahoo! Services solely for the purpose for which such Content was submitted or made available.” (Please see Section 9b of the Terms of Service for the full text.)
This grants Flickr the right to provide the Flickr service, i.e. create the small, medium, and large sizes, display your photos on the site, etc. It doesn't mean that we own them. When you upload your photos to Flickr, you retain the rights to your images.
In fact, when you upload to Flickr you set the kind of license that you want to apply to the photos, ‘All Rights Reserved' is the default, or you can select one of the many flavors of Creative Commons licenses. The choice is yours and you maintain control over how your photo can be used by others. If you want to make your photo available for use by everybody in the world, license it using Getty Images, or to license it to a fancy magazine, it's up to you.
Changing the settings for your photos is as easy as pie. Next to each photo you'll see the license and settings for each photo. Don't like what you see? It's simple to change it in a couple of clicks.
With the ability to share directly to Facebook and Twitter while maintaining your ownership, Flickr is an ideal hub for your photos on the web, where you can upload once and share everywhere.
After all, they're your photos, and we at Flickr want to help you share them however, whenever and with whoever you choose without giving up your rights.
Police arrested two youths studying hotel management in a private institute for allegedly raping a 16-year-old school girl after befriending her on Facebook.
Birat Thakur and Subham Pandey were nabbed on Saturday from a government housing complex in the city's northern fringes of Jagaddal in North 24 Parganas district.
According to police, Birat befriended the girl, who is a Class 10 student at a government school in Salt Lake area in Bidhannagar in October.
After befriending her on Facebook, Birat requested the girl to meet him several times. On November 30, she agreed to meet him at a cafeteria in Bidhannagar and he requested her to spend the afternoon with him.
“The girl hired an auto-rickshaw for Bidhannagar railway station and from there, they went to the government housing complex in Jagaddal where Thakur's friend Subham stays. Pandey was alone in his flat and both of them allegedly raped her,” said a police officer.
First Published: Dec 19, 2016 00:21 IST
AUSTRALIA'S youngest MP Wyatt Roy has reportedly come out in support of same-sex marriage just days after former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd announced his change of heart.
The 23-year-old LNP Member for Longman has supported marriage equality.
"I support the right of same-sex couples to have their loving and committed relationships recognised in state-sanctioned marriage," Mr Roy is quoted as saying.
Mr Roy's seat, formerly held by Howard government minister Mal Brough, includes the Caboolture Shire, and is generally considered conservative in nature.
Mr Roy said he was aware of the local community's views on the issue.
"I remain vigilant in regard to the views of my local community - and I continue to work through the issues and concerns," he said.
Marriage equality advocates have welcomed Mr Roy's support, saying it reflects generational change in the Liberal Party.
"Wyatt Roy is representative of the strong support for marriage equality among young Australians as well as the next generation of Liberals,'' Australian Marriage Equality national director, Rodney Croome, said in a statement.
"Mr Roy joins the Young Liberals and other future leading Liberals like Kelly O'Dwyer and Simon Birmingham in supporting marriage equality, placing increased pressure on Tony Abbott to allow a conscience vote on the issue."
Mr Croome told APN that Kevin Rudd's statement in support of gay marriage had been a 'game changer' in Australia.
"It has had a huge impact on his fellow MPs,'' he said, adding that it would also influence other Christians to support marriage equality.
"Kevin Rudd is one of the most prominent Australian people of faith,'' Mr Croome said.
He said people were realising that gay people, rather than threatening the institution of marriage, were in support of it.
Australian Marriage Equality has been running a strong campaign targeting MPs who have opposed changes, including Opposition leader Tony Abbott who has refused to support a conscience vote.
Mr Croome said earlier this week that 156,000 letters had been sent by marriage equality supporters through the AME website to Coalition candidates asking them to support a conscience vote.
A national poll conducted last year by Galaxy Research found 73% of Australians support a Coalition conscience vote on marriage equality.
Wow! Obama Administration Admits It Does Not Screen Refugees For Radical Views (VIDEO)
The Obama administration admitted today at the Senate Judiciary Committee they do not scree refugees for radical views.
Senator Jeff Sessions (R-AL) grilled Principal Debuty Assistant Secretary of Population, Refugees, and Migrants of the U.S. Department of State Simon Henshaw in the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing.
Mr. Henshaw admitted the administration does not screen refugees.
From today's committee hearing:
Sessions: “Do you take into consideration the applicant's proficiency in English or even their literacy with regard to the country from which they come?” Henshaw: “Our decisions to bring in refugees are based on their vulnerabilities.” Sessions: “Do you make any inquiry about practices that we reject in the United States like female genital mutilation? Do you say, ‘do you believe in that and when you come to the United States will you comply with the laws of the United States on that kind of question?'” Henshaw: “On all questions, we make it clear to refugees that we are a nation of laws and that they need to comply with our laws.” Sessions: “But you don't ask them whether they would comply with that law?” Henshaw: “I can't answer that question I don't know.”
Video (00:56) : The Metrodome was demolished months ago. So why do we still see exit signs for the stadium on the interstate?
The Metrodome has long been torn down and the new Vikings stadium on the east end of downtown Minneapolis is quickly rising in its ashes. So why are there signs on metro area freeways directing motorists to the former home of the Minnesota Twins, Vikings and Gophers?
That question recently landed in the Drive's mailbag, along with a couple others about white posts encroaching on a downtown Minneapolis intersection.
Motorists can see signs for the Metrodome on northbound I-35W in the downtown Minneapolis commons, southbound I-35W near Hennepin Avenue, eastbound I-394 at Wirth Pkwy. and southbound I-94 near the Dowling Avenue exit. They likely will stay there for the foreseeable future, said Kris Krueger, a spokeswoman for the Minnesota Department of Transportation.
By way of background, signs like the ones for the old Metrodome and other attractions such as the Xcel Energy Center, the State Fairgrounds, casinos, colleges and schools are paid for by the venues. They pay for the sign, which begins at $850 but can balloon into the thousands depending on the size. The venue must also pay to have the signs installed. The Vikings have not asked for new signs, Krueger said.
Another factor is that the Metrodome signs are attached to bridge decks or overhead fixtures. MnDOT would have to close a traffic lane and hire a contractor to take them down and then repeat the process if new signs are put up in their place.
“We try to minimize the impact on traffic and minimize the work done so we don't have to go twice,” Krueger said. “We know they are old, but they are not doing any harm.”
The Vikings' stadium is set to open in 2016 (and by then it may even have a name). If the team requests signs to direct fans to their posh new palace, Krueger said MnDOT could use the current signs that already are in place.
“We can do what's called an overlay,” Krueger said. “We could leave that sign up and just put up something with a new name,” she said.
What about those posts?
A few readers have asked the Drive what the deal is with the white posts that were installed last fall at the intersection of 6th Street and Portland Avenue.
For starters, they are called painted curb extensions. By extending the sidewalk farther into the intersection, the extensions, also known as bulb-outs or neckdowns, narrow the size of an intersection and create a wider turning radius. Their purpose is to help make pedestrians more visible, shorten the crossing width and force drivers who are making turns slow down, said Mackenzie Turner Bargen, a pedestrian planner with the Bicycle and Pedestrian Section of the Minneapolis Public Works Department.
Portland at 6th was chosen for the pilot program because “it was a high-crash intersection” involving pedestrians, she said. Another set of curb extensions were put up along 31st Street between Dupont and Grand avenues because they are near activity centers and have intersections with all-way stops, she said.
Curb extensions are becoming commonplace in other major metropolitan areas. Minneapolis will evaluate their performance here, and if effective, could put up more, Turner Bargen said.
ISRO has initiated a process of formulating a National Space Act for regulating space activities in India .
.
The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) has initiated a process of formulating a National Space Act for India for regulating space activities in India, facilitate enhanced levels of private sector participation and offering more commercial opportunities. Towards this, a two day national workshop was held at ISRO Headquarters, Bangalore during Jan 16-17, 2015 with the participation of experts across the country. A draft version has been prepared, which is under consultation with experts. .
.
ISRO is presently implementing the space debris mitigation guidelines endorsed by the United Nations in design and operation of all its space systems. ISRO is also actively participating with various international fora for conducting relative analysis of new techniques for debris removal. .
.
India has currently signed co-operation agreements with 35 countries for peaceful uses of outer space. .
.
Five international treaties on outer space activities formulated under the aegis of United Nations Committee on Peaceful Uses of Outer Space are already in place. India is a Member State in four major treaties. .
.
This information was given by MoS in the Prime Minister's Office and Minister of State in the Ministry of Personnel, PG & Pensions, Dr Jitendra Singh in written reply to an unstarred question in the Lok Sabha today. .
.
I love Elixir and it's functional style. That's probably not much of a secret to you at this point, but one of the questions I often get is about transitioning to a functional style from an object oriented one.
Luckily, I have some really good experience with this, coming from Ruby, where everything is an object. More to the point, the question really comes down to managing some sort of state in a software system beyond simple data structures being passed around, a replacement for the objects they previously used. Elixir processes can manage state in the same way that long-lived objects do in a Ruby or Javascript application and we have two OTP abstractions that make this sort of thing easy: Agent and GenServer . Agent is built on top of GenServer so let's start exploring there.
GenServer
GenServer is exactly what it kinda sounds like, a general server. In this case, it's not a web server or an application server, but more like a “state” server. A GenServer process can hold and manage state, but it can also perform calculations, wait for completion, process incoming messages, and do things completely on it's own. It runs as a separate process (on the BEAM virtual machine, not the OS), so it is often used to handle non-blocking processing of things. In fact, another abstraction is used specifically for non-blocking processing, in the Task module in the Elixir standard library.
In my experience, it's very common to back a GenServer with a module written for it with a nicer API. That's because GenServers are super simple, responding to only a few calls, namely GenServer.handle_call/3 and GenServer.handle_cast/2 . A “call” is used when you want to send a message to the GenServer and then wait for the response. In contrast, a “cast” is made when you want to send a message, but don't need a response and the processing can be done asynchronously. A really basic example module looks something like this:
defmodule Queue do use GenServer def start_link(queue, name) do GenServer.start(__MODULE__, queue, name: name) end # GenServer callbacks def handle_call(:get, _from, [item | queue]) do {:reply, item, queue} end def handle_cast({:add, item}, queue) do {:noreply, queue ++ [item]} end end
Without writing the nicer API, calls to your imaginary queue GenServer look ugly:
GenServer.cast(:personal_queue, {:add, "check emails"}) GenServer.call(:personal_queue, :get)
Commonly, you'll define extra functions in your module that handle the ugly parts for you:
defmodule Queue do use GenServer def start_link(queue, name) do GenServer.start(__MODULE__, queue, name: name) end def add(queue, item) do GenServer.cast(queue, {:add, item}) end def get(queue) do GenServer.call(queue, :get) end # other code ... end
That's much nicer, because now your calls look like:
Queue.add(:personal_queue, "check emails") Queue.get(:personal_queue)
It's less typing and much more intuitive.
Agent
The Agent module lets you easily create a process to hold state without implementing a bunch of stuff for a GenServer. It will usually require writing less code, but it is still common to back an Agent with a module. Building off our Queue example:
defmodule QueueAgent do def start_link(queue, name) do Agent.start_link(fn -> queue end, name: name) end def add(queue, item) do Agent.cast(queue, fn(state) -> state ++ [item] end) end def get(queue) do Agent.get_and_update(queue, fn([item | state]) -> {item, state} end) end end
We wrote less code and we can still use the same syntax for accessing our queue.
Since we have two tools here at our disposal, what tasks are they better suited to? The examples are available on Github, so you can follow along.
They are both fast, but GenServer is slightly faster
I ran some benchmarks on my poor computer to see about how fast the same, simple functions run in both a GenServer and an Agent:
## CreateBench benchmark iterations average time Agent 100000 11.54 µs/op GenServer 100000 12.03 µs/op ## PlainBench benchmark iterations average time add 1000000000 0.01 µs/op get 1000000000 0.01 µs/op ## QueueAgentBench benchmark iterations average time set 500000 6.45 µs/op add 200000 8.40 µs/op get 100000 12.84 µs/op ## QueueAsyncBench benchmark iterations average time add 1000000 2.01 µs/op get sync 200000 7.66 µs/op ## QueueBench benchmark iterations average time set 500000 6.25 µs/op add 500000 7.57 µs/op get 100000 12.57 µs/op
The first set is just to create a process using GenServer.start_link or Agent.start_link and here you see that GenServer is slightly slower.
When it comes to the messages you'll be passing to the Queue process, look at QueueBench (GenServer version) and QueueAgentBench (Agent version). You'll see that time difference between the two functions are very slight, but the GenServer version is slightly faster. This makes sense considering that Agent is built on top of GenServer .
Compare these against the PlainBench results, where I had similar basic operations, but not run in a separate process and waiting for a response. With these results, it's pretty clear that the parts that take the longest are related to message passing and communication between the processes.
I added the QueueAsyncBench just for fun, showing you that an async call to add a item to the queue is blazing fast. After all, it's only waiting to receive the :ok message, confirming that the Queue process has been sent the message. It's probably good to note here that the :ok message doesn't ensure that the Queue process received the message, just that it was sent to the process.
Also, make sure to note that these benchmarks are measured in microseconds, so the one microsecond difference between a GenServer and an Agent is imperceptible and won't matter except under very heavy load.
Agents are easier to write for simple cases
Since both state management tools are fast, it's more up to our preference. I tend to optimize for developer ergonomics and code maintainability.
For me, Agents are easier to write for simple things, like maintaining a simple queue or collecting results from multiple, concurrent tasks. In these cases, the Agent is just accepting some data and adding it to a list or iterating over a set of data to return a simple result.
If you're new to Elixir or functional programming in general, you might find the anonymous-function-as-argument part of calls to Agent actually harder to write. Keep reading and writing them and it'll come naturally pretty quickly.
GenServer is easier to understand in more complex cases
Part of this comes from simply having to separate functions to have a nice interface and handle callbacks. I have more opportunities for code documentation and the functions are likely to be more well thought out and single-purposed as a result.
Additionally, if the GenServer you're writing is part of a package you're building, GenServer makes it harder to crack open, hopefully preventing those bugs that come up from someone doing something their not supposed to. Personally, I'm very much against this philosophy, but not everyone agrees with me. I love that Ruby and its community is very trusting of developers and things are designed so you can do whatever you want with whatever you want. I think it leads to innovative use cases.
It's really up to you
You're the boss and it's also good to note that there isn't a wrong choice here. If you choose to use Agent now and then, halfway through development, realize that it's getting clunky and you'd prefer it to be a GenServer, extracting the calls to Agent is pretty straightforward.
It's great tools like these that makes me agree with James Edward Grey about Erlang (and Elixir) being the most object-oriented language
Hillary forces target Bush donors
From:email@politicoemail.com To: kaplanj@dnc.org Date: 2016-05-05 20:19 Subject: Hillary forces target Bush donors
Tablet says charge of $2 a day is not aimed at making money, but at creating ‘a more pleasant and cultivated environment' for its readers
Dealing with “toxic” commenters is a problem faced by many websites – and must be a particular problem for faith-based publishers.
US-based Tablet, which describes itself as “a daily online magazine of Jewish news, ideas, and culture”, has launched an initiative to prevent the conversation below its articles becoming offensive – it is asking users to pay to comment.
On Monday, it announced that users would have to pay $2 a day, $18 a month or $180 a year to comment on its stories.
Tablet's editor-in-chief, Alana Newhouse, explained in a blogpost:
We take pride in our community of readers, and are thrilled that you choose to engage with us in a way that is both thoughtful and thought-provoking. But the internet, for all of its wonders, poses challenges to civilized and constructive discussion, sometimes allowing destructive – and, often, anonymous– individuals to drag it down with invective (and worse). Instead of shutting off comments altogether (as some outlets are starting to do), we are going to try something else: Ask those of you who'd like to comment on the site to pay a nominal fee – less a paywall than a gesture of your own commitment to the cause of great conversation.
She added:
The donation rates are small because we are not looking to make money, but instead to try to create a standard of engagement likely to turn off many, if not most, of the worst offenders. All proceeds go to helping us bring you the ambitious journalism that brought you here in the first place.
Newhouse stressed that Tablet – which is owned by the not-for-profit Nextbook Inc – would remain free to read online, and that readers could interact with it via Facebook, Twitter, and our other social media channels, or by writing letters.
Bloomberg switches off comments in website redesign Read more
The move is interested in the light of recent moves by organisations such as Bloomberg and Reuters to turn off comments on their stories.
The Guardian's executive editor of digital, Aron Pilhofer, said at last week's news:rewired conference in London that the trend of switching off reader comments was a “monumental mistake”.
Pilhofer said:
Mumbai, India
ON Thursday morning, my neighbors and I joined an orderly line in front of the election desk at the end of our street. We did what the public-service ads had been urging us to do for weeks: “Give them the finger.” The polling officer didn't even raise her head. After dipping a plastic straw into a bottle of purple ink, she drew a blotchy line down the middle finger of my left hand. Then I stepped up to the voting machine to press a button in India's 15th general election.
The scene was repeating itself across Mumbai. At another polling station, I saw Bollywood B-listers happily show off their ink-smeared digits to TV cameras. A practice that had originally been instituted to ward off electoral scams like ballot-box stuffing (we call it “booth capturing”) was transformed into a proud reaffirmation of faith in Indian democracy.
In the weeks leading up to this election, the ink smearing became a source of inspiration for a barrage of pun-studded campaigns aimed at getting normally apathetic middle-class Indians to fulfill their civic responsibility. The election — with more than 714 million voters — was also a fantastic advertising opportunity. An automobile parts company ran an ad of a finger imprinted with an ink mark in the shape of a car battery. “Vote for a trouble-free five-year term,” was its message. A purveyor of tea, India's pick-me-up, declared: “If you continue sleeping, so will our politicians. Wake up and vote!”
Photo
On Thursday, many Indians ignored that advice. Turnout was sluggish across the city, but the figures were especially disappointing in affluent South Mumbai, which had been a particular focus of the get-out-the-vote effort. Only 43.3 percent of eligible voters in the area exercised their franchise, but that wasn't much of a surprise. Rich Indians have long known that they command more powerful means to influence politicians than votes.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
This contradicts India's perception of itself as a deeply rooted democracy. Democracy is the superior virtue we claim as we smugly survey the chaos that military dictators have visited upon Pakistan. Democracy is our defense against China's superior record of alleviating poverty and raising standards of health and literacy.
And yet our inability to protect religious minorities is obvious to the thousands of Muslim victims of the Gujarat riots of 2002. Our most famous painter, M. F. Husain, who lives in exile under threats from extremists for daring to paint Hindu deities in the nude, knows that we have yet to secure the right to free expression. And the brutality against ethnic separatist movements in the northeast and Kashmir demonstrates our unwillingness to make pragmatic compromises.
Speaking exclusively to Motorsport.com at Daytona on Friday, Pericak said he was aware of the speculation but insisted that it was unfounded.
“Yeah, there are rumors flying again, it's crazy,” he said. “There are no plans for us to return to Indy, I can tell you that we're not looking to do that.
“It's partly due to the relevance. IndyCar is fun, it would be great to go and do it, but it's not why we do what we do. It's just not at the heart of what we're doing [in motorsport].”
Road-relevance key
Pericak outlined that Ford would only countenance full factory-backed or works-supported programs that have a direct impact on its street car range, such as its GT supercar or Fiesta in WRC and World Rallycross.
“We use the track to test and improve our technologies, and bring it back into the road cars,” he added. “That's working well, not just on the GT but other products as well. To be able to leverage that [racing] program to polish the Ford oval and to communicate what Ford is about – our engineering prowess. It's been really powerful.
“The cool thing about the GT program is how relevant it is to people and cars that we put in driveways. It's not an untouchable, it's something that people can associate with. That's what's important to us.
“We don't want to go out there just to race. I mean, racing is fun, but we're gonna go win and leverage that effort to better all our production cars. If there's not a direct translation to the cars, then we're not going to spend the money, time and effort.
“We truly are using racing as a testbed.”
thecivilwarparlor:
She Fought In The American Civil War- Fighting As A Man-Rebel: Loreta Velazquez Civil War Soldier and Spy
It is estimated that between 500 and 1,000 women went into military service during the American Civil War, yet their contributions to major events of that era are often overlooked, misunderstood, misrepresented, or undocumented. -PBS
In 1861, at the outbreak of the American Civil War, a teenager from New Orleans headed to the front lines. Under the alias Harry T. Buford, he fought at First Bull Run, was wounded at Shiloh, and served as a Confederate spy. But Buford harbored a secret–he was really Loreta Velazquez, a Cuban immigrant.
Velázquez recorded her adventures in her 600-page book, The Woman in Battle: A Narrative of the Exploits, Adventures, and travels of Madame Loreta Janeta Velázquez, Otherwise Known as Lieutenant Harry T Buford, Confederate States Army. The Confederate general Jubal Early refused to accept her memoirs as fact, but recent scholars have verified her claims on the basis of secondary documents, including stories in contemporary newspapers.
At Shiloh, she found the battalion she had raised in Arkansas and fought in the battle. As she was burying the dead after a battle, a stray shell wounded her. When the army doctor who examined her discovered she was a woman, she again fled to New Orleans and saw Major General Benjamin F. Butler take command of the city.
María Aguí Carter directed Rebel, an investigative documentary, examining the story of Loreta Velázquez. The film is a detective story exploring Velázquez's claims and the politics involved in erasing her from history. It was produced in 2013 and lasts for 73 minutes.
https://www.amazon.com/Rebel-Loreta-Velazquez-Soldier-American/dp/B00CP4Y5PU
The U.S. Navy has announced that the world's first functional laser weapon is ready for action. The weapon, known as the Laser Weapons System (LaWS), can be found mounted on the USS Ponce, which is currently deployed in the Persian Gulf.
The weapon was designed to strategically take out flying unmanned vessels. It also has the ability to surgically destroy engines of manned watercraft without endangering the lives of any onboard personnel. The Geneva Convention restricts the use of laser weapons against humans, but the high precision of the laser could allow it to target a ship's engine without the use of missiles. “That type of precision weapon work is something that you don't really get with conventional weapons because there tends to be more collateral damage,” Inez Kelly, a U.S. Naval Forces Central Command science adviser, told CNN.
This technology could be the beginning of replacing missiles for the purpose of destroying enemy targets. On top of sparing lives, the cost comparison of a single shot from LaWS and a missile is astounding: while missiles can cost up to millions of dollars, a single LaWS “round” only costs about one dollar.
The greater honeyguide (Indicator indicator) is a bird in the family Indicatoridae, paleotropical near passerine birds related to the woodpeckers. Its English and scientific names refer to its habit of guiding people to bee colonies. Claims that it also guides non-human animals are disputed.
The greater honeyguide is a resident breeder in sub-Saharan Africa. It is found in a variety of habitats that have trees, especially dry open woodland, but not in the West African jungle.
Description [ edit ]
The greater honeyguide is about 20 cm long and weighs about 50 g. Like all African honeyguides, it has bold white patches on the sides of the tail. The male has dark grey-brown upperparts and white underparts, with a black throat. The wings are streaked whitish, and there is a yellow shoulder patch. The bill is pink.
The female is duller and lacks the black throat. Her bill is blackish. Immature birds are very distinctive, having olive-brown upperparts with a white rump and yellow throat and upper breast.
Diet [ edit ]
Bee colonies [ edit ]
The greater honeyguide feeds primarily on the contents of bee colonies ("nests"): bee eggs, larvae and pupae; waxworms; and beeswax. (Honeyguides are among the few birds that can digest wax.) It frequently associates with other honeyguides at bees' nests; immatures dominate adults, and immatures of this species dominate all others. Like other honeyguides, the greater honeyguide enters bees' nests while the bees are torpid in the early morning, feeds at abandoned hives (African bees desert more often than those of the temperate zones), and scavenges at hives robbed by people or other large animals, notably the ratel or honey badger.
Guiding of humans [ edit ]
The greater honeyguide is known to guide people to the nests of wild bees.[2][3]
Guiding is unpredictable and is more common among immatures and females than adult males. A guiding bird attracts a person's attention with wavering, chattering "'tya' notes compounded with peeps or pipes",[4] sounds it also gives in aggression. The guiding bird flies toward an occupied nest (greater honeyguides know the sites of many bees' nests in their territories) and then stops and calls again. As in other situations, it spreads its tail, showing the white spots, and has a "bounding, upward flight to a perch", which make it conspicuous. If the followers are native honey-hunters, when they reach the nest they incapacitate the adult bees with smoke and open the nest with axes or pangas (machetes). After they take the honey, the honeyguide eats whatever is left.[5]
One study found that use of honeyguides by the Boran people of East Africa reduces their search time for honey by approximately two-thirds. Because of this benefit, the Boran use a specific loud whistle, known as the fuulido, when a search for honey is about to begin. The fuulido doubles the encounter rate with honeyguides.[2] Another study of the Yao honey-hunters in northern Mozambique showed that the honeyguides responded to the traditional brrrr-hmm call of the honey-hunters. The chances of finding a bee-hive were greatly increased when the traditional call was used.[6]
The tradition of the Bushmen and most other tribes says that the honeyguide must be thanked with a gift of honey; if not, it may lead its follower to a lion, bull elephant, or venomous snake as punishment. However, “others maintain that honeycomb spoils the bird, and leave it to find its own bits of comb”.[5]
Some Greater Honeyguides stopped this guiding behavior, or mutualism, in parts of Kenya, due to a loss of response from people in the area.[7][8]
Possible guiding of non-human animals [ edit ]
Adult male illustrated by Nicolas Huet
Many sources[9][10][11] say that this species also guides honey badgers (ratels). Friedmann (1955, quoted by Harper)[12] notes that Sparrman said in the 18th century that indigenous Africans reported this interaction, but Friedmann adds that no biologist has seen it. According to Dean and MacDonald (1981),[13] Friedmann does quote reports that greater honeyguides guide baboons and speculates that the behavior evolved in relation to these species before the appearance of humanity. However, they state,
In addition to that listed by Friedmann (1955:41-47), the only recent record is of a greater honeyguide giving its guiding call to baboons at Wankie Game Reserve, Zimbabwe (C. J. Vernon, pers. comm.). However, Vernon did not see a positive response by the baboons to the honeyguide. No additional records of honeyguides and ratels have been reported since Friedmann (1955) and the first-hand accounts given in his review in support of this association are all of incomplete guiding sequences. No biologist has ever reported this association.
Dean and MacDonald go on to express doubt that honeyguides guide other animals and suggest that the behavior may have evolved with "early man". It has also been acknowledged[14] that bee colonies are seasonally very common in Africa and ratels probably have no trouble finding them.
Another argument against guiding of non-human animals is that near cities, where Africans increasingly buy sugar rather than hunting for wild honey, guiding behavior is disappearing. Ultimately it may disappear everywhere.[5]
Other food [ edit ]
The greater honeyguide also catches some flying insects, especially swarming termites. It sometimes follows mammals or birds to catch the insects they flush, and joins mixed-species flocks in ones and twos. It has been known to eat the eggs of small birds[citation needed].
Reproduction [ edit ]
In addition to being a predator of insects and a mutualist with its follower species, the greater honeyguide is a brood parasite. It lays white eggs in series of 3 to 7, for a total of 10 to 20 in a year. Each egg is laid in a different nest of a bird of another species, including some woodpeckers, barbets, kingfishers, bee-eaters, wood hoopoes, starlings, and large swallows. It is common for the female Greater Honeyguide to break the host's eggs when laying her own.[15] All the species parasitized nest in holes, covered nests, or deep cup nests. The chick has a membranous hook on the bill that it uses, while still blind and featherless, to kill the host's young outright or by repeated wounds.
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Overwatch: Banning XP Farmers
A common practice in any video game, where you can get away with it, is XP farming. If there is a system to exploit, and a means by which gamers can get free goodies – they will find it and use it. It's just the way we work as a people. In many cases people find this ruins the experience of the game, and overall isn't something that is ‘approved' of per-se. However it is definitely just overlooked – except when it's not.
Jeff Kaplan isn't taking kindly to individuals farming in Overwatch, and seems to want to shut it down faster than light, if his ‘stern' reply to the situation is anything to go by. This reply came in after players discovered that they could create custom games, join a team, and go for a walk until the match ends – effectively earning them free XP. This process can go on for as long as you want it to, earning you free loot boxes and a new rank. Or rather it could, now Blizzard is on the lookout for those servers – and trying to teach these players a lesson.
Jeff Kaplan had this to say to those of you cheating his lovely system:
“I've seen some discussion in the community and in the press on this topic and sometimes it gets talked about as if it is a grey area…Is this wrong or is this ok? Well, let me take a grey area and make it starkly black and white for you. Abusing and exploiting Custom Game or any other game mode to earn experience in Overwatch while inactive is NOT ok.”
As you can see, he sounds rather miffed about the situation – but it doesn't stop there, he goes on to state what kind of action will be taken to those of us who don't stop farming.
“The reason I want to be absolutely clear about this is because we are going to start to take disciplinary action against people who partake in these activities,” he added. “If you create a Custom Game that in any way encourages players to gain experience while inactive, you risk having your account banned. If you join any game mode–including Custom Games–with the intent of gaining experience while being inactive, you risk having your account banned. Also, do not name your Custom Game that in anyway even implies that gaining experience while inactive is OK–please do not even do this as a joke–because you are putting yourself at risk of having your account banned.”
Okay, well that escalated rather quickly in my opinion. Especially for a gap in Overwatchs armor that is rather small in nature, and should at least start with a warning system of some sort. After all, I've been kicked out of a game before due to inactivity – all because the pizza man has come to the door. Though it's hardly the only step that Blizzard is willing to take. The company has gone on to state that they will be willing to remove experience gain from custom maps all together if people don't stop abusing their system. Kaplan even went so far as to make a plea to the Overwatch community, stating that “At this point, I am making a plea to you–the Overwatch Community at large: please decide what you want to happen here and be a part of the solution. If you enjoy Custom Games awarding experience then please help us combat the behavior we're seeing now. Do not create Custom Games with the intent of gaining experience while inactive. Don't join those games. Don't jokingly put those names in your own Custom Games. And report players who are abusing the system.”
That said, knowing gamers the way we do – good bye custom game experience.
Let us know in the comments what you think of Blizzard's response to cheaters, and whether you're about to get banned.
Please take a second to give us a follow on our Twitter @TheSaveSpot1 or our instagram thesavespot. We're a little gaming website that is trying to be like the little engine that could, but we can't without your support.
OPTIMISM is growing among senior council figures across Yorkshire that a way could finally be found out of the region's devolution deadlock this autumn.
Momentum is building behind the principle of the One Yorkshire proposal with 17 of 20 councils broadly agreeing to the idea of coming together to elect a mayor and transfer powers and money from London.
Rotherham and Sheffield remain committed to pursuing the Sheffield City Region deal they, Barnsley and Doncaster signed with then chancellor George Osborne in 2015 giving the area £30m a year in return for electing a new mayor for South Yorkshire.
Devolution: Why it matters to everyone in Yorkshire
Significantly, attention is moving away from trying to win over Rotherham and Sheffield to the One Yorkshire idea but instead finding a way to respect their wishes.
A scenario has emerged which would see Rotherham and Sheffield go-ahead with a modified version of the Sheffield City Region deal without Barnsley and Doncaster.
The rest of Yorkshire would then look to negotiate a One Yorkshire deal covering the region's remaining authorities with the Government.
Uniting Yorkshire in a single arrangement would remain an aspiration to be pursued in the longer term.
It is understood informal discussions have already taken place with government officials over whether such an approach would receive Whitehall's blessing.
Nevertheless, significant obstacles remain.
Rotherham and Sheffield are understood to be open to the idea of striking two devolution deals for the region and leaving open the possibility of the two areas coming together in the future.
However, their preference is for Barnsley and Doncaster to remain with them in the Sheffield City Region, pressing ahead with the deal in its current form and the election of a mayor next year while the rest of Yorkshire draws up its plans.
They argue it would be rash to put at risk a deal, and the money that goes with it, which the Government has already signed in the hope of negotiating an alternative arrangement over which ministers have shown great reluctance.
The depth of support for One Yorkshire among the region's other authorities also remains in question.
Devolution: Council leaders explain support for One Yorkshire deal
Wakefield has been the most overt in its reservations about the One Yorkshire approach in discussions with other councils.
It is understood those concerns focus on the lack of enthusiam shown by ministers, a worry that a single region-wide approach would not tackle the differing economic needs of Yorkshire communities and reservations about the public's attitude to a structure which could appear expensive, bureaucratic and unwieldy.
Other council leaders who have signed up to the One Yorkshire plan in principle are known to be reserving final judgement until significant progress has been made on the detail.
One council leader supportive of One Yorkshire told The Yorkshire Post difficult discussions lie ahead as the details of how it would work in practice are thrashed out.
The powers of the mayor, the size of the ‘combined authority' of council leaders and mayor - the key decision-making body - which leaders would have seats and voting rights are just some of the issues expected to prompt disagreement.
A particularly fierce debate is likely over the relative power of council leaders representing small rural authorities compared to those in charge of cities and urban areas.
A further major hurdle is the approach of the Government.
Ministers have repeatedly stated their desire to see the Sheffield City Region deal go ahead and opposition to the idea of a Yorkshire-wide deal.
It remains to be seen whether ministers can be convinced that the economic case for One Yorkshire is so strong, and that the commitment of Yorkshire councils is unwavering, that serious talks should begin.
The possibility of pressing ahead with a revised Sheffield City Region deal covering Rotherham and Sheffield could potentally allow ministers to save face.
It is understood representations could be made to Northern Powerhouse Minister Jake Berry next week when he is expected to visit the region.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Can a film festival held in the Rust Belt in March draw more than 100,000 fans? One can.
The Cleveland International Film Festival, which wrapped Sunday night with an awards reception in Tower City Center, broke through the six-figure barrier in attendance for the first time in its 39-year history, drawing 100,204 film fans over 12 days.
"The same message over and over is that we want to do better, not bigger," the festival's executive director, Marcie Goodman, told me before the awards ceremony. "But sometimes those two things go hand in hand."
The festival presented more than 400 features and shorts from 60 countries at Tower City Cinemas and 11 satellite locations. It also hosted a record number of directors, writers, producers and performers.
"We had nearly 300 visiting filmmakers here, about 100 more than ever before," said Goodman. "That's what makes the festival. They are our international calling card, our ambassadors to other filmmakers around the world."
"Becoming Bulletproof," Michael Barnett's celebration of people with disabilities making a Western, was named best film. It won the Roxanne T. Mueller Audience Choice Award and a $10,000 prize.
It was a big night for Barnett. His film also won the FilmSlam Student Choice Award for Best Feature, and the Global Health Competition, which includes a $5,000 prize.
"The Young Kieslowski," a comedy about virginal lovers from Kerem Sanga, won the American Independents Competition and a $5,000 prize.
"Frame by Frame," about photojournalists in Afghanistan, took the ReelWomenDirect Award, with $10,000 going to co-directors Alexandria Bombach and Mo Scarpelli. Yury Bykov's "The Fool," from Russia, won the George Gund III Central and Eastern European Competition and $10,000.
The Local Heroes prize (for films by or about Ohioans), and $5,000, went to "Forced Perspective," Nick Cavalier's look at Cleveland artist Derek Hess.
The Nesnadny and Schwartz Award for best documentary, and $7,500, went to "Stray Dog" and director Debra Granik. Goodman delivered a heartfelt tribute to Mark Schwartz, the longtime festival board member and Cleveland arts supporter, who passed away last summer.
For a complete list of awards, go to clevelandfilm.org.
One of the biggest hits of the festival was "All-Stars," writer-director Lance Kinsey's mockumentary about a girls softball team.
Kinsey, who grew up in Chagrin Falls and went to Hawken School, hit town with co-stars and fellow Northeast Ohio natives Fred Willard and Miriam Flynn. "The Q&As were great fun," said Kinsey before the ceremony. "It helps that Fred Willard is the funniest person on the planet."
One night the film played in two packed theaters simultaneously.
"I was going back and forth between both theaters listening to the laughter and thinking, 'Iit may never get better than this again.' "
Kinsey is hoping "All-Stars" makes it to wide release in late summer or early fall.
Serbian director Darko Lungolov said he was impressed with the Cleveland audiences who came out to see his dark comedy "Monument to Michael Jackson."
"It's a well-informed, dedicated audience here," said Lungolov, who lives in Belgrade and New York. "By the questions, you know they really got into the movie. It was a very cool experience."
It was a Northeast Ohio native who inspired him to make films. "All the movies when I was growing up were about car chases and explosions. Then I saw Jim Jarmusch's 'Stranger Than Paradise' [filmed partially in Cleveland]. I thought, 'I want to make movies like that.' "
As an homage of sorts to Akron native Jarmusch, Lungolov ventured to the edge of Lake Erie, a la one of the more iconic scenes in "Stranger Than Paradise." He also headed to Tremont to see St. Theodosius Church (from "The Deer Hunter").
Abhay Kumar may have traveled further than anyone, jetting in from New Delhi, India, with his documentary "Placebo," about the intense pressure on medical students.
"The community participation here was amazing," said Kumar. "I have been to the Tribeca Film Festival, but that was too huge. This was much more intimate."
Kumar was also upgraded to celebrity status in Cleveland. "I signed my first autograph at this festival," he said. "This woman came up and asked me. I said, 'Are you serious?' "
Documentaries won several of the top awards and provided some of the festival's best moments.
Sleazy conspirators were exposed in "A Murder in the Park." The realities of the Texas-Mexico border were explored in "Western." We learned the truth about James Traficant, Tab Hunter, Greg Louganis and Big Bird. And James "The Amazing" Randi adroitly explained the difference between lying, and lying about lying, in "An Honest Liar."
Personally, I was drawn to "Sweet Micky for President," which chronicled the unlikely political triumph of former pop star Michel "Sweet Micky" Martelly. It also introduced me to an old Haitian proverb: "Beyond the mountains, there are mountains."
I have no idea what that means. But I love it.
Tune in next year, when the 40th CIFF takes over Tower City from March 23 to April 3, 2016. NOTE: After this article first appeared, those dates shifted. The 40th CIFF will now run March 30 - April 10, 2016. Check it out!
Yesterday, in its budget and economic outlook for the next decade, the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) substantially changed its short-term Affordable Care Act (ACA) estimates in ways that show the law is performing far worse than expected. CBO's new projection of 13 million exchange enrollees in 2016 is nearly 40% below previous expectations. CBO's also projects that the average subsidy per enrollee in 2016 will increase by about 18% relative to its March 2015 ACA estimate—an indication that enrollees are both less healthy and poorer than the agency originally projected.
Additionally, the ACA's Medicaid expansion is costing far more than projected because of higher enrollment and higher spending per enrollee. The costs of Medicaid expansion almost certainly exceed corresponding benefits given the findings of a recent study by MIT, Harvard, and Dartmouth economists that Medicaid expansion enrollees only receive about 20 to 40 cents of benefit for each dollar of program spending. Overall, CBO's revision demonstrates that the ACA's coverage expansion is primarily benefiting people earning less than 200% of the federal poverty level (FPL)—an income equal to $23,540 for a single person—while its costs, largely in the form of higher premiums and taxes and fewer health insurance choices, are widespread.
Lower Than Projected Enrollment, Particularly of Middle Class People
In a column on November 19—the same date the Mercatus Center published my study on how the ACA was underperforming initial expectations—I wrote that CBO would likely need to significantly downgrade the law's baseline. Like every other organization that modeled the effect of the law, CBO projected far more people would enroll in exchanges than have thus far. These organizations also expected enrollees would be younger, healthier, and earn higher income than has turned out to be the case.
For example, in January 2015, the Urban Institute projected that 36% of 2016 enrollees would have income below 200% of the FPL and 25% of enrollees would have income above 400% of the FPL. Based on the most recent data released by the Department of Health and Human Services, about 64% of 2016 enrollees have income below 200% of the FPL and only 3% earn income above 400% of the FPL.
In its March 2015 estimates, CBO projected 21 million exchange enrollees in 2016 with 15 million of them receiving tax credits to reduce net premiums and 6 million of them earning income too high to qualify for tax credits. In the estimates released yesterday, CBO decreased those projections to just 13 million enrollees—11 million with tax credits and just 2 million without the credits. Therefore, in the last 10 months, CBO has downgraded its overall enrollment expectation by 38%, its expectation of subsidized enrollment by 27%, and its expectation of unsubsidized enrollment by 67%.
I have written extensively about why this has likely happened; the short story is that ACA plans are proving to be unattractive to relatively healthy people with income above 200% of the FPL. These plans generally have far higher premiums and deductibles than pre-ACA individual market plans. While people with income below 200% of the FPL can qualify for subsidies to reduce high ACA plan deductibles and other cost-sharing amounts, people with income above that level generally confront the entire cost.
Even though people with income between 200% and 400% of the FPL generally qualify for tax credits to reduce their premiums and face the prospect of a tax penalty under the individual mandate, the vast majority of the previously uninsured earning income above 200% of the FPL are foregoing exchange plans. In a footnote in yesterday's report, CBO assumes that most of these people will purchase plans directly from an insurer. However, the ACA outlawed many plans that would otherwise have appealed to this population. Moreover, since people who purchase plans directly from an insurer cannot receive tax credits, purchasing a plan directly from an insurer does not make economic sense for people earning between 200% and 400% of the FPL.
Average Subsidy Cost Increasing
Because of how far enrollment was below initial projections, I wrote the following on November 19: “While the aggregate subsidy amount will go down, the average subsidy amount will likely increase because of higher than expected premiums and a higher percentage of the subsidized enrollees having lower income and thus qualifying for larger subsidies than CBO anticipated.” According to CBO, this will likely be the case in 2016.
CBO has not released exchange enrollment projections beyond 2016, and its projected subsidy cost is partly a function of exchange enrollment. We can, however, compare CBO's current projection for the cost of subsidies in 2016, to the one it made in March 2015.
In March 2015, CBO projected an aggregate subsidy cost of $53 billion in 2016—which equates to an average subsidy of $3,533 for the 15 million projected subsidized enrollees. (This is not a perfect estimate because CBO uses the fiscal year for spending and the calendar year for enrollment). Yesterday's report indicates that the agency expects the subsidies will cost $7 billion less because of lower enrollment. This equates to a $46 billion subsidy cost in 2016 for 11 million subsidized enrollees, equating to an average subsidy of $4,181.
This updated average subsidy amount is 18% higher than the average subsidy projected by CBO only ten months ago. The higher average subsidy is likely a reflection of larger overall premiums and that subsidized enrollees have lower average income than CBO previously projected (subsidies increase as income decreases all else equal).
Medicaid Significantly Increasing
In yesterday's report, CBO estimates that total federal Medicaid spending equaled $350 billion in 2015, $48 billion more than federal Medicaid spending in 2014 and $84 billion more than federal Medicaid spending in 2013. According to CBO, spending is significantly higher than projected because of “higher-than-expected spending and enrollment for newly eligible beneficiaries under the Affordable Care Act.” CBO estimates that average monthly enrollment of newly eligible Medicaid beneficiaries—mostly non-disabled, childless adults—“was 55 percent higher in 2015 than in the previous year—a total of 9.6 million compared with 6.1 million in 2014.”
CBO expects that federal Medicaid spending will increase by $31 billion this year. Moreover, CBO now projects $187 billion in higher federal spending on Medicaid over the next decade relative to last year's projection.
Takeaway
Relative to its 2015 ACA projections, CBO now expects several million fewer enrollees, even including the fact that Medicaid enrollment is above previous projections. CBO also expects higher federal spending, largely because the ACA Medicaid expansion appears much more costly than CBO expected. The combination of lower enrollment and higher federal spending than expected provides additional evidence that the ACA's benefits were not worth the corresponding costs.
Correction
A very wise reader pointed out that the original version of this piece compared CBO's January 2016 projection of mandatory outlays for exchange subsidies (which include risk adjustment and reinsurance payments) with CBO's March 2015 projection of the deficit impact of the exchange subsidies. Therefore, the previous draft had an erroneously high projected cost of the subsidies and a high average subsidy cost. The numbers now reflect CBO's statement in its January 2016 economic and budgetary outlook that the federal subsidy cost will decline by an estimated $7 billion over 10 years from previous projections. Since CBO only appears to have updated its ACA baseline for 2016, I attribute the entire $7 billion to 2016 for my calculations above.
The propaganda about Iraq having weapons of mass destruction was one of the most blatant examples of “fake news” in American history.
Now, many of the same idiots who pushed the Iraq war lies are stirring up hysteria about Russia.
For example, the Washington Post's editorial page editor Fred Hiatt cheerleaded for the Iraq war. Now, the Washington Post under Hiatt's leadership has been the main source of the most breathless anti-Russian hysteria.
ABC News political analyst Matthew Dowd – chief strategist for the Bush-Cheney '04 presidential campaign – was a big booster for the Iraq war. Now, Dowd Tweets that you're only a patriot if you blindly accept what President Obama and the intelligence services claim without any proof.
George W. Bush's speechwriter David Frum – who pushed many of the biggest lies about the Iraq war – is now trying to ridicule anyone who doesn't accept the evidence-less claims that Russia hacked the Democratic party as a Kremlin stooge.
Similarly, Jonathan Chait championed the Iraq war. And now he's ridiculing those asking for evidence before jumping headlong into anti-Russia hysteria.
These guys all have a track record of pushing false stories which get us into disastrous wars … why should we listen to them now?
For the sake of promoting “diversity,” New York University housing policies will no longer allow incoming freshman to choose a roommate based on religious compatibility, raising concern and anxiety among Sabbath observant students. Roommate assignments, said NYU, will be primarily based “on geographic diversity” rather than personal choice. Upperclassman, however, may choose to have roommates of the opposite sex, even if they share a religion.
According to a letter from Marc Wais, NYU's vice president of student affairs, NYU Housing will be matching incoming freshman with the goal of increasing “global and inclusive campus community.” Religion will not be considered. Some students “may face conflict” but that “could ultimately be conducive to personal growth.”
In one letter obtained by The Jewish Week, an incoming freshman, currently on a gap year in Israel, wrote to the housing office, “I was particularly fond of NYU because it is a liberal university where students can make their own decisions independently,” though that no longer will be the case for a Sabbath and kashrut-observing Jew in the dorms. “Walking into a room on the Sabbath where there is music playing from a computer, posses a threat and challenge to my religion. I had hoped that in my room, there would be an aura of religiosity but in the halls, classes, and socially, there, I would have a diverse circle of friends.”
While religious concerns will be ignored, for the sake of personal growth, if not political correctness, boys and girls (sophomores and older) will be allowed to choose a roommate of the opposite sex. “Gender-neutral housing is bound to be a crowd please,” said a letter from the housing department.
Get Jewish Week's Newsletter by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The reason, said Tom Ellet Sr., associate vice president of student affairs, is simply because “treating students as adults to make life choices in their living environment in a place like NYC is fitting.”
Rabbi Yehuda Sarna, director of the Bronfman Center for Jewish Student Life at NYU, e-mailed that Bronfman leaders, in consultation with parents, met with senior representatives of NYU's departments of housing, admissions, student life and diversity, communicating the Jewish concerns. While the dorm policy continues to be debated, students hoping to stay together were advised to select the Weinstein dorm as their first choice because “students who select Weinstein as their first choice are highly likely to get it because it is considered, relative to the other NYU dorms, less popular.”
Additionally, “the Bronfman Center has a very good relationship with a large realtor in the East Village and would readily refer parents.”
jonathan@jewishweek.org
______________________________
Model Number : RX-78GP01
First Seen : September 29, 0083 U.C.
Manufacturer : Anaheim Electronics
Operator : Earth Federation Forces
Known Pilots : Kou Uraki
______________________________
You can view my previous related work here:
Gundam GP01 aka 'Zephyranthes'Another Gundam bust for you guys to enjoy! Based on the resin kit by G-System.This time its Gundam GP01 from MS Gundam 0083 : Stardust Memory.A really cool MS in my opinion, for those who dont know, this mobile suit can be equipped for space operation,making it both operational on both land and space.For this piece, I've decided to go with a new background style compared to the other two of my similar work.Tell me what you guys think! Which one is better? The new one, or the older one?As always, I'd love to hear your thought on this!Wacom tabletPhotoshop
The Pathetic Rehabilitation Of Max Boot
Michael Tracey Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 16, 2017
Since he held himself out as a courageous conservative critic of Donald Trump during the presidential campaign last year, Max Boot has enjoyed something of a career revival. He is regularly feted on MSNBC and given prominent space in the New York Times to opine on how the Republican Party sold its soul in capitulating to Trump. Now, it might be true that the Republican Party did in some sense “sell its soul” in accommodating Trump's eccentricities, vulgarities, and unorthodoxies; that's a legitimate line of inquiry. But concurrent with that dynamic is that a coterie of once-discredited neoconservative pseudo-intellectuals, who long ago should've been permanently cast out of respectable opinionating society, have been rehabilitated and embraced by the liberal commentariat — a commentariat whose sole and unabiding objective is to throw anything and everything at Trump and see what sticks, because it fulfills their current political (and especially commercial) imperatives.
To clarify: it's perfectly viable to diverge with someone on core principles, but agree with them on a discrete concern. For example, a libertarian and a leftist might agree on a narrow question pertaining to military intervention, but not have common cause on other things. So, the notion of cross-ideological agreement isn't what's at issue here. Rather, what's at issue is that the liberals and neoconservatives have a critique of Trump which increasingly appears identical — in the sense that both the liberal critique and the neoconservative critique are grounded in the same core principles.
At least in the case of the neoconservatives, you can argue that they're being consistent; they've demanded a belligerent international posture as an essential precept of their ideological project for years. But in the case of Democrats and liberals — whose foreign policy views, in the main, are now virtually indistinguishable from neoconservatives — their shift often looks like nothing more than pure partisan machination, the kind of cynical move based entirely on simple, surface-level aversion to the sitting president rather than any reasoned positioning. Trump inspires such visceral rage in liberals that this has become their central organizing principle: opposition to Trump, no matter from what angle. And because a certain strain of neoconservative thought also runs in opposition to Trump, liberals are eager to embrace it.
So after a slew of fawning media appearances in which he was heralded as the only enlightened conservative left standing in the Trump era, Max Boot appeared on the Tucker Carlson show last week:
It fell to Tucker to actually probe the assumptions underlying Boot's critique of Trump in relation to Russia. Yes: perhaps Tucker has opportunistic reasons for doing this, as his Fox News audience is likely to be overwhelmingly pro-Trump and to view the whole Russia controversy as bogus. But even so, it's an indictment of the current media climate that only Tucker would be in a position where challenging the neoconservative pablum being espoused on national TV is seen as politically or commercially advantageous. Boot, whose hideously blemished track record is typically obscured in all his other friendly media appearances, was actually confronted by Tucker on his history of profound, catastrophic failure (namely with respect to Iraq) whereas on MSNBC and other Democrat-allied venues, Boot's simply rolled out as a convenient Trump-criticizing conservative foil.
There are certain people whose complicity in epic failure, such as the invasion of Iraq, ought to render their reputations permanently blotted. And yet, we find that so many of these people not only faced zero consequences, they've been permitted to continue promulgating the same ideas which undergirded their case for war. Boot now does this by framing his mission in terms of some kind of anti-Trump crusade, and MSNBC — always in search for “reasonable” conservative Trump critics — is happy to oblige him. It should be emphasized that Boot is one of the absolute most egregious examples of this; unlike others of his neocon ilk, he's proudly unrepentant:
As anyone with a passing familiarity with their past ought to know, neoconservatives have always sought to ingratiate themselves into political coalitions that might not be self-evidently hospitable; they subtly accrue influence and leverage. That's how they ended up playing such a starring role in the Hillary Clinton 2016 campaign. And now, by running around denouncing Trump, Boot is afforded the opportunity to implant his foreign policy notions in the minds of exercised MSNBC viewers, most of whom likely have no idea who he is or what destruction he and his compatriots have wreaked.
The central, animating philosophy driving Boot shouldn't be forgotten. He articulated it very lucidly and directly, in a Weekly Standard treatise entitled “The Case for American Empire,” published shortly after 9/11. Therein, Boot argued that “the most realistic response to terrorism is for America to embrace its imperial role.”
Occupying Iraq and Afghanistan will hardly end the “war on terrorism,” but it beats the alternatives. Killing bin Laden is important and necessary; but it is not enough. New bin Ladens could rise up to take his place. We must not only wipe out the vipers but also destroy their nest and do our best to prevent new nests from being built there again.
What Boot was calling for there is obvious: perpetual worldwide war, undertaken by the United States, to ‘pacify' impassive foreigners; i.e., the most basic logic of classic imperialism. It's the mindset which was embraced wholeheartedly after 9/11 by the political and media class, and which bedevils us still today.
Boot views Trump, rightly or wrongly, as an impediment to the exertion of American imperial power, and sees Trump as lessening America's hegemonic prowess. In fact, Boot may be correct to deduce this; Trump makes the U.S. government look almost outlandishly comical in much of the world, and therefore hinders the salability of American misadventures abroad. If you are a neoconservative intellectual ideologically invested in the maintenance of American Empire, it would make perfect sense that you'd find this state of affairs intolerable.
But what's galling is that American liberals have adopted essentially the same critique; that Trump is undermining American clout, by, for instance, declining to antagonize Putin and in fact partnering with him in select areas of mutual interest. This, both liberals and neoconservatives shriek, is supposed to constitute the “selling out of democracy” to Russia.
What's also amazing is that Boot made a version of the exact same argument against Barack Obama, contending that he was weakening America's international standing by not taking a forceful enough line against the dastardly Russians. In 2012, when Boot was serving as a national security advisor to the presidential campaign of Mitt Romney — a credential now touted by his fans on MSNBC as proof of his sterling impartiality — Boot ran to the New York Times to demand that Obama assume a “more muscular” policy in Syria: which of course meant full-scale military intervention in defiance of Putin. All throughout Obama's presidency, Boot joined with other sinecured thinktankers in denouncing Obama's tendency to “kowtow” to foreign leaders in a naive attempt to attain diplomatic accord. He now applies similar criticisms to Trump, and liberals cheer.
In a recent Weekly Standard post, Stephen Hayes lamented that Trump “caved” to Putin at their recent G-20 meeting. Read through the post and you'd be hard-pressed to find anything that couldn't be earnestly written today in a liberal opinion journal. That's not because of a “strange bedfellows” situation where Democrats just-so-happen to align with the flagship neoconservative publication on some narrow issue. It's because Democrats have adopted the same principles as the neoconservatives: anguish about Trump seeking to “further Russia's interests,” face-value acceptance of the idea that Russia is waging a sinister global campaign to undermine the so-called “liberal democratic order,” and unquestioning acceptance of evidence-free Intelligence Community assertions. These all have become central to the Democratic strategy of opposing Trump.
Again, give the neocons credit. At least they're consistent.
The 2015 All-Pro Teams were named by the Associated Press (AP), the Pro Football Writers of America (PFWA), the Sporting News (SN), for performance in the 2015 NFL season. While none of the All-Pro teams have the official imprimatur of the NFL (whose official recognition is nomination to the 2016 Pro Bowl[a]), they are included in the NFL Record and Fact Book and also part of the language of the 2011 NFLPA Collective Bargaining Agreement.[1] Any player selected to the first-team of any of the teams can be described as an "All-Pro." The AP team, with first-team and second-team selections, was chosen by a national panel of fifty NFL writers and broadcasters.[2] The Sporting News All-NFL team is voted on by NFL players and executives and was released January 12, 2016.[3] The PFWA team is selected by its more than 300 national members who are accredited media members covering the NFL.[4]
Teams [ edit ]
Key [ edit ]
AP = Associated Press first-team All-Pro
AP-2 = Associated Press second-team All-Pro
AP-2t = Tied for second-team All-Pro in the AP vote
PFWA = Pro Football Writers Association All-NFL
SN = Sporting News All-Pro
Position differences:
AP named a fullback; SN and PFWA did not.
AP named two inside linebackers; SN and PFWA named one.
AP named three outside linebackers in 2015 due to a 2nd-place tie vote.
AP named three special teams players: kicker, punter, kick returner.
SN named four special teams players: K, P, KR, punt returner.
PFWA named five special teams players: K, P, KR, PR, special teams.
Notes [ edit ]
February 14
Improvements: Improved graphics
Changed all menus.
New buttons
New menu at the finish level
Progress is shown in the history and test menu.
Game Optimization
Reduced size
Added tutorial level in the editor.
Leaderboard and level assessment added online
Editor:
Changed all menus.
Changed text tool
Added the ability to copy switches with objects
The choice of depth and sorting of objects is transferred to the right
Added bugs :)
Fixes:
Levels in history and challenges
New main menu
Progress in history mode
Dead grip of the character
Physics walk character
Editor:
Level Photos
Object layer selection
More than 100 different fixes and changes.
In this news we want to tell the story of the creation of the game Draw Rider 2. Next will be a lot of images and text ...This is a prequel of the game Draw Rider - two dimensional arcade racing on a bicycle, the goal is not trivial - to get to the finish line.The main features of the game is a level editor, you can draw anything in it.The development of the game has been going on for about three years, during which time, of course, a lot of things have changed and been reworked. For example, the game was originally developed on a different engine, but after realizing that its capabilities are not enough for the realization of all our ideas, it was decided to switch to Unity as the most modern and flexible solution.At that time, a demo was already done with the main game mechanics, but it never saw the light, with the transition to a new engine, the game had to be redone from scratch.In the process of developing a lot of things have changed. That was the game logo:2014-07-29Menu:2014-09-11More early menu:2014-07-032014-04-282014-09-24This game was on the old engine:2014-03-152014-04-212016-11-15Level editor:2014-03-212015-04-18Next, we moved to a new engine, and started making the game from scratch.2017-04-12New level editor:2016-09-202016-08-26We made a new menu:2017-09-29In game has improved graphics and a new character:2016-08-152017-03-102017-03-302016-12-09The game gradually improved. We added lighting:2017-08-11Added character walk:2017-05-12Character evolution:The game has become tougher:2017-06-29We made the change of day and night:2017-10-102017-10-102017-10-09Added a system of switches and triggers:2017-12-012017-11-292017-11-29Made a story mode with different missions:2018-04-052018-04-05Added customization of the character and bike:2018-12-12And finally, after so much time, February 13, Draw Rider 2 - Leopard v1.6 is out of early access!We spent a lot of effort to make a really cool game. A dream game in which everyone can realize any imagination in life. Development is just beginning at this point, and in the future you will have to wait for a lot of updates to make the game even better. Thank you all for your support and kind words.17Studio2019-02-13Draw Rider 2 - Leopard v1.6
The massacre in Orlando was the first big test of the 2016 general election campaign, and it exposed Donald Trump's penchant for behaving reality-show small during moments that historically demand the stature of a president.
Trump had a potent policy point to make — that Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are soft on radical Islamic terrorism — a view that, if articulated carefully, could move the presumptive GOP nominee out of his electoral cul-de-sac of white Republicans and right-wing independents.
Story Continued Below
“Last night, our nation was attacked by a radical Islamic terrorist,” Trump wrote in a statement released late Sunday, summing up the sentiments of most Republicans and many independents who think Obama and Clinton are weak on religiously fueled acts of terror.
But few will remember that, not with the way Trump behaved in the aftermath of the worst mass shooting in U.S. history. He could have appeared dignified, controlled, in-command, following the time-tested presidential path blazed by George W. Bush in 2001 and Obama on Sunday. Instead, he bellowed like Ralph Kramden throwing an I-told-you-so over his shoulder at passengers on his bus.
“Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism,” Trump tweeted triumphantly mid-Sunday, as the FBI and Orlando police were still pulling bodies from Pulse, a gay nightclub where at least 49 innocents were gunned down. “I don't want congrats, I want toughness and vigilance.”
Then, later, another self-inflicted pat on the back: “If we do not get tough and smart real fast, we are not going to have a country anymore,” he added. “I said this was going to happen — and it is only going to get worse.”
The two presidential candidates, one who whispered and one who roared, will engage directly on Monday. Clinton has canceled her first dual campaign appearance with Obama in Wisconsin on Wednesday and is expected to deliver more extensive remarks on Orlando on Monday. Trump scrapped a scheduled Monday rally in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, to deliver an address dealing with “the serious threats facing all Americans” at a Manchester-area college.
They both will confront an attack in Orlando, Disney's town, that is as hard to comprehend politically as it is to absorb emotionally — an atrocity that defies the easy political pigeonholing candidates and reporters crave.
The shooter was, according to late reports, inspired by the terrorist group known as ISIS or ISIL — but he was a New York-born American citizen who spoke unaccented English and led a middle-class life. And while Omar Mateen was clearly motivated by his faith, he was also impelled by raw bigotry — reportedly targeting a gay night club because he was disgusted by the sight of men kissing men. Complicating matters, Mateen's crime seems to have less to do with bad anti-terror policy than iffy oversight: The FBI investigated him twice, then let him fall of its radar, and he worked as a gun-toting security guard for years despite suspected sympathies with radical Middle Eastern terror groups.
In poll after poll, voters of all stripes have identified terrorism as a top concern. But the public is sending mixed messages about which candidate — the former secretary of state on duty during Benghazi or the rich-kid developer who accepted multiple draft deferments during Vietnam — is most qualified to be commander in chief.
Only 12 percent of respondents to an NBC/Wall Street Journal poll earlier this month said Trump had the “temperament” to be president — but he's consistently led her by double-digits among voters asked who would be better on the issue of terrorism. Few voters trust her, but Clinton defeats Trump decisively when people are asked who would improve the country's standing in the world, and on issues of temperament and experience.
During the Republican primary, Trump adopted the same damn-the-torpedoes approach he adopted Sunday — he infamously cited a fabricated account of Muslims dancing on New Jersey rooftops in the wake of 9/11 after terror attacks in Paris and Brussels — and saw his popularity increase.
But now he's performing on a much bigger stage and voters have demanded a more measured approach. “These are the moments that define a country,” said Mo Elleithee, director of the Georgetown Institute of Politics and a former Clinton staffer. “You are either big and unifying or you're not.”
In both of their statements, Clinton and Obama took a vastly different approach than Trump, an effort to reassure born of shared liberalism and experiences with mass-casualty terrorism. They focused on the heroism of law enforcement, the emotional toll of the tragedy, and highlighted a tangle of other issues embodied by the killings — gun control, violence against the LGBT community and the broader societal issue of hate. In her statement, Clinton conflated “terrorists or other violent criminals,” infuriating even conservatives who detest their presumptive GOP nominee.
“We know enough to say that this was an act of terror and an act of hate,” the president said a few hours earlier, in lockstep with the former rival he endorsed last week.
“The shooter targeted a nightclub where people came together to be with friends, to dance and to sing and to live… This is a sobering reminder that attacks on any American, regardless of race, ethnicity, religion or sexual orientation, is an attack on all of us.”
Two bodies, victims of the nightclub massacre, arrive at the Orlando Medical Examiner's Office on Sunday June 12. | AP Photo
Trump, at least initially, struck the statesman's stance. Taking to Twitter, he called for prayer — and (to the surprise of Clinton's camp) declined to immediately blame the attack on Islamic extremism before the FBI confirmed the connection.
But as the sun rose in the oppressively hot East, so did the candidate's Twitter temperature.
By midday he was calling for Obama's resignation for failing to confront the threat of Muslim extremism — then he electioneered against Clinton, retweeting a fan who wrote, “We cannot have Hillary as president. We will be in so much trouble.”
Tim Miller, a former Jeb Bush aide, who has led the Stop Trump movement, summed up the views of many critics who accused the presumptive GOP nominee of turning an “us” moment into a “me” one. “Someone who is so desperate for validation that they need to congratulate themselves after a terrorist attack has psychological issues they need to resolve,” he said.
For once, however, here was an issue in which Trump won points for substance. James Woolsey, Bill Clinton's CIA chief, told Fox News that Obama's failure to call out Islamic extremism by name (for fear of alienating anti-ISIL Muslim leaders in the region), was dangerous. “This reluctance is doing real damage. You can't effectively fight something if you can't discuss it.”
There is also a political counterargument for Trump's unconventional course. He speaks the Lingua Americana of the white working class, even his critics acknowledge, and his call for a war on ISIL — as well as his proposal to ban the entry of new Muslim immigrants until the region stabilizes — has an appeal in battleground states. “There's a lot of people in Western Pennsylvania, some of them Democrats, who think this guy is the only one who knows what he's doing,” said a long-time Clinton aide. “There's some smugness on the campaign about this, but he's dangerous.”
The issue tends to break down along party lines — Democrats overwhelmingly oppose Trump's Muslim ban, as many as 70 percent of GOP primary voters in some states expressed support, according to exit polls. But Trump — who has repeatedly touted his own “strength” while deriding Clinton, Obama, and just about everybody else as “weak” — could make inroads with an electorate increasingly shocked and anxious by the encroachment of terrorism on the homeland.
About 6 in 10 Americans now have a negative view of Islam, according to a recent poll commissioned by left-leaning Brookings, although their views of individual Muslims are more sanguine.
How the American public will respond to Orlando remains the critical question and the most difficult to predict. Operatives in both campaigns said the reaction on Sunday was surprisingly muted — a product of a sleepy early summer weekend, shock, or, worst of all, a collective national feeling that mass shootings are, like tornadoes, naturally-occurring events that roar in and out at tolerable intervals.
The difference between the candidates' responses to the killings reflects a split in strategy — Trump sees foreign policy as a proxy for his flexed-bicep vision of a revived American foreign policy, besting China and Russia in artful international deals. Clinton, like every Democratic president since FDR, is running on the economy.
Several Clinton insiders, speaking before Orlando, told POLITICO they believed foreign policy wasn't likely to be a dominant issue in November even if a San Bernardino-type attack happened; they were much more concerned about a possible economic downturn — suggested by last month's anemic jobs growth — and still intend to run on pocketbook issues, along with a carpet-bombing campaign against Trump who enters the general election with approval ratings even worse than Clinton's.
“The more we make this a referendum on Trump, the better off we are,” said a prominent Clinton backer. “Lucky for us, he insists on making it all about him.”
You've probably heard that L.A.'s transit system is growing. Young people are embracing urban life, renting lofts in the Arts District and selling their cars so they can take public transportation. And L.A. leaders are adapting to give them what they want, providing WiFi at bus stops and building new rail lines faster than any other city.
There's one problem with this story, and that's that ridership is actually dropping. Yes, at a time when employment is up, and the rail network is growing, fewer people are taking buses and trains.
According to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, ridership peaked in April 2014 and has since declined by about 5 percent. Some statistics show an even steeper drop. In the third quarter of 2015, bus ridership was off 9.3 percent compared with the same period in 2013.
Maternity of baby orca is still unknown
It's tough being a killer whale, especially for the group known as J-pod, whales found in southern Canadian waters who became endangered in 2005. After a two-year lull with no new births, they welcomed a new member, known as J50, on or about December 20. After weeks of speculation as to the nature of the birth and whether or not the calf would survive, scientists at the Center for Whale Research in Washington state have confirmed that J50 is a baby girl.
“We are working in coordination with researchers from Canada's Department of Fisheries and Oceans (DFO) to obtain facts and photographs that will help solve the matrilineal situation, but the sex of J50 is now confirmed to be female,” the Center said in a release.
The specifics surrounding her birth are a but mysterious. For starters, she may have been birthed by a 42 year old whale named J16 – an outlier in terms of age for producing offspring. J50 also appears to have some tooth-shaped markings on her dorsal fin, which indicate that the birth may have been difficult and another whale may have helped pull her out (who knew whales could do that?).
Despite the peculiarities, J50 appears to be healthy and energetic.
It's also possible that J50 is the daughter of J36, herself the 16 year old daughter of J16. That would make a lot more sense in terms of breeding age, and scientists have hoped that she would produce a calf soon. Identifying exact parentage can be tricky with whales, they say.
“Sometimes it takes a few encounters and some time to sort these things out because these whales are very caring for one another, and baby-sitting is not unusual, especially with grandmothers,” the Center for Whale Research said in the release.
One concern is that calves typically spend their first two months without leaving their mothers' side. And yet, J36 has not been seen since J50 was noticed in the pod. The worst-case scenario would be that J36 died giving birth, and J50 is being raised by her grandmother, who likely cannot produce milk.
Any growth for the endangered J-pod is a welcome sight. J50 brings their numbers up to 78, but that still represents a 30-year low. 2014 was a rocky year for J-pod, and the successful birth is something of a relief. They lost one male and two females, one of whom was carrying a near-full term calf.
Vulture
This article originally appeared in Vulture.
1. Chelsea Peretti, One of the Greats
Advertisement
Chelsea Peretti has the most singular comedic voice of any stand-up of this generation. Over years of doing comedy, writing on shows like Parks and Recreation, and owning social media, Peretti has separated herself from her peers. I'll it put this way: If every comedian is playing a character (himself or herself), Peretti's is the most complicated and richly rendered. Onstage, she's a tangle of contradictions: silly and cutting; earnest and ironic; broad and subtle; and, most important, confident and insecure. All of this is perfectly captured in One of the Greats, Peretti's first hourlong special, which premiered on Netflix in November.
Instead of normal audience-cutaway shots, One of the Greats cuts to fictional audience reactions—of a dog; of Peretti dressed as a clown; of a guy shouting, “You're my favorite female comedian, Chelsea.” In an interview with Vulture, she explained what was behind that bit: “I wanted it to be a reflection of all the different responses you see in audiences, and the fears that I feel onstage, and fantasies I have of what I wish the audience was.” It effectively represents, all at once, the different stages involved in doing comedy, pairing a terrific joke with both the laugh and the insecurity or insight that motivated her to write and tell it in the first place. Often you'll see comedians joke about their struggles and anxieties, but by the time it gets to the special, the presentation is far removed from the issue. They'll do ten minutes on their depression, but that depression is not actually seen onscreen.
It's why the special's title, One of the Greats, which comes from a popular refrain of Peretti's, is so perfect. It's both cocky and a joke on cockiness. It's also true.
2. Hannibal Buress, Live From Chicago
Advertisement
For the better part of the last five years, Hannibal Buress was “the guy”—specifically, the guy older comedians would always reference when asked about their favorite up-and-comers (Peretti was usually the other comedian most referenced.) Live From Chicago felt like a shift: Buress is no longer a star-to-be; he is one. Buress has settled into his style, effortlessly melding the laid-back, absurd observation stuff he's known for with longer, more ambitious bits. This was also the year Buress told a joke that led to the complete reexamination of Bill Cosby, but hopefully, when people look back at Buress' career at this point, they'll remember his terrific special.
3. Bill Burr, I'm Sorry You Feel That Way
About 17 minutes into his Netflix special, right before defending the Duck Dynasty patriarch who said all that homophobic stuff last December, Burr goes, “I'm not saying these people are right, and I'm not saying I'm right. I know I'm a fucking moron.” There it is, the key to what makes Burr one of the most respected stand-ups working. Burr takes potentially controversial stances on subjects for comedic effect—this is not unique—however, he's better than anyone at this, because he makes sure he's the ultimate butt of the joke. He doesn't care about being right, because being right isn't funny. And Burr is funny.
4. Jackie Kashian, This Will Make an Excellent Horcrux
Advertisement
This is the sound of a veteran comedian killing it. Insanely quick and impeccably structured, this audio special seamlessly cuts through several juicy topics—a chunk about doing comedy for the troops in Iraq shifts to generally talking about conflict and how she's avoided it shifts to a bit about masculinity, and that shifts to Kashian talking about her dad, which shifts into a section about her marriage—while picking off smaller quirks along the way: her childhood, a life spent reading, video games, and why so many men have beards nowadays (“because no woman under 30 has any pubic hair”). It's a fantastic piece of work.
5. Nick Vatterott, For Amusement Only
Listening to Vatterott's debut album, I was reminded of his fellow Andy Kaufman Award (given to unconventional comics) winner, Kristen Schaal. Both are absurdists, driven to mess with and subvert the form but are still sure to be funny. Like Schaal's hourlong special last year, For Amusement Only plays with the idea of a stand-up special but doesn't descend into being some insider-y, intellectual exercise. There are some really great, really weird jokes here.
6. Wyatt Cenac, Brooklyn
Advertisement
The title here doesn't only reflect the setting. Cenac's special, which he released on Netflix, is about Brooklyn the concept. This doesn't mean it's just an hour of hipster jokes. No, Cenac uses the borough as a lens through which he can explore race, gentrification, aging, and, most effectively, his personal history. Cenac straddles the line between old Brooklyn and new, talking from the perspective of a successful young comedian as well as from that of the guy who grew up visiting his grandmother's shitty apartment in Crown Heights. With surprising poignancy, Cenac trenchantly captures the diversity and lunacy of living in Brooklyn.
7. Tracy Morgan, Bona Fide
It's impossible to watch Morgan's Comedy Central special without thinking about what has happened since and knowing that it's very possible he'll never perform again, after a car accident between a Walmart truck and a limo bus he was on. Bona Fide shows Morgan at his most bighearted and ridiculous. As Tina Fey noticed writing for him on Saturday Night Live and then on 30 Rock, Morgan just is funny. He doesn't try to set the world on fire with the hottest takes; he simply goes onstage and is himself. Try not to fall for his charms.
8. Max Silvestri, King Piglet
Advertisement
King Piglet is a hilarious labyrinth of tangents and parentheticals. Silvestri will introduce a topic only to divert from it early and often. He says that he doesn't have tattoos, but before actually addressing that premise, he spends three minutes explaining what the subway is, and then describing, with incredible specificity, what great shape this one guy was in and how kind said guy is to his grandma on Christmas. It's reminiscent of Paul F. Tompkins's move where he introduces an idea and then goes back on it, only to double back to the original thought. The result in both cases is a unique sense of spontaneity and freshness.
9. Dan Mintz, The Stranger
It makes sense for Mintz to release an audio special, as millions of people are already in love with his voice. As the man behind Bob's Burgers' breakout star Tina Belcher, Mintz has proven week after week that it's funny when he says basically anything. That's not to say that Dan Mintz doesn't have jokes, by the way. Because boy, Dan Mintz has a lot of jokes. The Stranger is 45 minutes of rapid-fire one-liners—well, as rapid-fire as his deadpan allows. There is a perception of one-liner comedians as being less performance- and persona-focused than their counterparts, but that seems incorrect to me. Mintz succeeds by packing all of his comedic voice into each and every one of his well-written, dark punch lines.
10. Karen Kilgariff, Live at the Bootleg
Advertisement
When I decided to put Kilgariff's wonderful album of musical comedy on this list, I was reminded of Amazon's Transparent. It might not have the joke-jokes of a Mindy Project, but there is a pleasant hum of comedy throughout, the sort that is more likely to cause you to smile than guffaw. This doesn't make it less funny, just a different sort of funny. That's what Kilgariff, a staple of the alt-comedy scene and former cast member of Mr. Show, achieves here. Kilgariff's songs are funny and sad and bittersweet, and most important, they're undeniably genuine.
11. Ron Funches, The Half Hour
“He couldn't write his name,” Mr. Coriasco replied.
In the ensuing years, city officials scrambled for greater control over the crane industry and crane operators in New York. But today investigators are finding that even during a construction boom, the industry has remained loosely regulated.
Last month, the city's chief crane inspector was arrested on charges that he took bribes, in part to ensure that some crane company employees would pass their city licensing tests. He is accused of giving the company a copy of the test and the answers.
In coming weeks, federal prosecutors hope to persuade Mr. Coriasco's old union to accept a court-appointed monitor who would work to keep the union free from corruption and mob influence.
And, most significant, twice in the past four months, large tower cranes have toppled to the streets of Manhattan, leaving nine people dead and focusing intense scrutiny on an industry that rarely attracts attention despite its imprint on the skyline.
While crane accidents are far from routine, they have cast a spotlight on some industry flaws that have been all but habitual — job site payoffs, union corruption and weak city oversight — at a time when New York's building boom has made the crane a ubiquitous presence.
“There are more cranes operating on the streets of New York than at any time in the past,” said Jay Shapiro, a vice president of Howard I. Shapiro & Associates, an engineering firm that does crane-related work.
Certainly the public has never eyed them more warily than since the fatal accidents on March 15 and May 30, caused in both cases by what investigators believe were equipment failures. The accidents, still under investigation by the Manhattan district attorney's office, have spurred a raft of responses including a hearing this week by the City Council, which is studying what might make crane work, and construction sites, safer.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Construction industry officials call the accidents flukes, saying they are not a reflection on an industry with a solid safety record. The officials have been heavily involved since the accidents, working with the city to resolve problems with crane operations and develop new protocols.
But safety violations are up, city building officials confirm, though they say it is hard to determine whether the increase reflects more safety lapses, the heightened pace of construction or simply the surge in enforcement since the accidents.
Crane safety is hardly a local problem. Statistics for 2006, the most recent available, show that 72 workers across the country died in crane-related accidents that year. Critics have singled out the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration for some of the blame, asserting that it has failed for four years to implement a new set of crane safety standards that the agency's own analysis indicates would prevent 37 to 48 worker deaths a year.
In New York last week, there were 26 tower cranes, the tallest kind, operating on the streets and roughly 150 smaller mobile cranes, according to the Buildings Department. The cranes are used by contractors as they build everything from towering glass office buildings to squat industrial warehouses.
Photo
The tower crane used in high-rise construction in New York is typically leased by the company pouring the concrete or erecting the steel from a company that specializes in supplying cranes. Dozens of companies in the New York area supply or operate the roughly 1,200 cranes licensed to work in the city, but three dominate: New York Crane Company, Bay Crane and Cranes Inc., people involved in the industry said.
Usually, a tower crane is supplied without insurance or an operator. Contractors generally must find their own operators. On union jobs, that means finding an operator from Local 14, which also represents the operators of heavy equipment like bulldozers and backhoes. Federal authorities say the union has long been controlled by the Genovese and Colombo crime families.
Though roughly 1,700 people are licensed to operate cranes in New York City, only 277 have the special endorsement needed to operate tower cranes.
“The talent is harder to find than the equipment,” said Mr. Shapiro, who said the boom had stretched the skilled construction work force thin and brought more inexperienced contractors and tradesmen into play.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The leaders of Local 14 and its parent union in Washington did not return calls seeking comment. Chris Confrey, a business representative for Local 14, said he could not comment, citing the continuing negotiations about a possible monitor.
Several investigators said that many rank-and-file members of Local 14 are construction veterans who operate with skill in the close quarters of New York construction work.
Four years ago, though, authorities successfully prosecuted several officials and members of Local 14 and their colleagues at a sister union, Local 15, during two major cases that focused on organized crime figures and led to nearly four dozen guilty pleas. The men admitted crimes including allowing favored construction contractors to flout work rules and bestowing lucrative no-show jobs on accommodating union officials and workers.
Among those who pleaded guilty and cooperated was Mr. Coriasco, one of several witnesses who questioned the qualifications of some union members. Another union official, testifying at the same trial, balked at the other witness's assertion that many union members were unable to run cranes. In his experience in the five years ending in 2003, he testified, only two or three Local 14 crane operators were unable to operate the cranes when they reported to job sites. In some instances, he noted, these men had received crane licenses, but really spent their days operating other types of heavy equipment.
The safety of crane operations did not figure in that case, and no one has suggested that operator error played a role in either recent accident.
Still, lapses in the licensing process have been a matter of concern, though typically they have been seen in certifying applicants for some crane licenses, ones that are less advanced than the license required to operate tower cranes.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
City records show that more than half a dozen members of Locals 14 and 15 who pleaded guilty to the federal charges still hold such lesser crane licenses. Tony Sclafani, a Buildings Department spokesman, said that a felony conviction, even one related to the construction industry, does not automatically disqualify an applicant.
Those men were able to renew their licenses at least once since their felony convictions. Among them is Lawrence Persico, the son of Carmine Persico, the Colombo crime family boss. The younger Mr. Persico, who pleaded guilty in 2004 to collecting more than $750,000 in no-show jobs, is now out of prison and still holds a Class A crane license.
How and when so many people with questionable backgrounds secured crane licenses remains unclear. One F.B.I. report from 2003 suggests that union members were able to obtain the city licensing test and answers, although the report does not say when.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Buildings Department has filed administrative charges against three of the men, accusing them of engaging “in activity which constitutes fraudulent dealing or poor moral character,” which could lead to the revocation of licenses, Mr. Sclafani said late Tuesday.
He said he had no information on whether administrative charges would be brought against the other men and he could not say how any of them had been able to renew their licenses.
The lure of the license for applicants is clear. Crane operators typically make $60 an hour and can make as much $100 an hour on overtime, so salaries that top $100,000 are common, but many engineers can make far more.
And on many job sites, the crane operator has power by virtue of his control over the pace of work. Nothing moves to the upper floors on a high-rise job without the crane operator's assistance. Contractors and investigators who track the industry say operators sometimes earn extra by demanding cash to move some materials up the building.
Photo
“The petty corruption that has been endemic in the New York construction can create an atmosphere that is incompatible with high standers of safety and quality,” said Ed Stier of Thacher Associates, a former prosecutor who has worked for more than a decade auditing major construction projects.
The officials assigned to monitor these job sites, inspect the equipment and process the licenses generally come from a Buildings Department that has been gutted by scandal and budget cuts over the past decade.
The inspection ranks within the Cranes and Derricks Unit have been beefed up since the accidents, with the number of inspectors, which had fallen to as few as 4, now up to 10. Since the accidents, the city also hired two outside consulting firms, which have assigned 10 crane experts and structural engineers to help with the work, said Mr. Sclafani.
Few of the city inspectors have much experience, though. Two of the three most veteran inspectors were arrested in recent months, including the chief inspector, James Delayo. He was charged with felony bribe-receiving and accused of selling the test. The third inspector has been transferred as part of an internal inquiry, contributing to the upheaval in the Cranes and Derricks Unit, which has seen three top officials replaced in 15 months.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The unit remains under scrutiny as part of a broader corruption inquiry prompted by the accidents and Mr. Delayo's arrest. It now dispatches inspectors in teams of two: one city inspector accompanied by one of the outside engineers, officials say.
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg's response to the accidents has included the ouster of his buildings commissioner, plus a host of new protocols and safety initiatives.
Along with the Council, he proposed legislation to broaden the oversight of construction sites, increase fines for violations and register crucial contractors. The new laws would also give the city more enforcement power, including the ability to assign safety monitors to sites with a history of hazardous violations.
Currently, the city is unable to track violations by company, but Mr. Sclafani said the department hopes to be able to do so under the new provisions.
The acting buildings commissioner, Robert D. LiMandri, has said the agency is undertaking “an unprecedented top-to-bottom examination of crane, concrete and excavation operations to improve industry practices and government oversight to minimize risk.” At the same, he said, they are stepping up enforcement.
The city has expanded the inspection checklist for cranes, making them more comprehensive, in the case of tower cranes, from 35 items to more than 200.
And the department is working to rebuild and strengthen the Cranes and Derricks Unit, Mr. Sclafani said, aiming to staff it with a mix of crane operators, structural engineers and inspectors, whom the agency hopes to certify under a recognized national standard for that job.
“We are raising the standards of the construction industry and this department to an unprecedented level,” Mr. Sclafani said in a statement. “The increase in construction-related accidents has demanded a call for change and we are working hard to implement that change.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The construction industry has supported the city's efforts, though officials have said they think there is already more scrutiny of cranes in New York compared with most of the nation.
The current inspections include the city's certification of engineering drawings and calculations showing where the crane will sit, its boom length and the capacity for its lifts.
For tower cranes, drawings must also include detailed drawings that lay out the erection procedures, jumping and dismantling of the crane.
Bill Shuzman, who heads a group that represents many of the largest steel erectors in the city, the biggest users of cranes along with concrete contractors, said that the city also approves every new crane model that contractors seek to use. In a statement, he said the process is plagued by “inordinate delays” and “resulted in the inability to get the newest, most modern and safe cranes” into use, while older cranes are used in their place. Mr. Sclafani denied there were any delays.
Mr. Shuzman suggested the city should address the causes of the accidents directly, noting that preliminary findings have suggested one was caused by the failure of a nylon strap, and the other involved work done on a crane component in China.
“Instead,” he said, “it would appear that the D.O.B. has decided to embark on an extensive campaign instituting burdensome, expansive, expensive, irrelevant and often infeasible regulations that have in large measure succeeded in paralyzing not only the construction industry but also the normal routine operations of the department itself.”
Over the past few years of economic torpor and social despair there's been a lot of discussion about the death of the American dream. This shouldn't be surprising. In a time when people feel they can't keep up or are falling behind, it's hard to have faith in the idea that everyone can achieve a base level of security and provide for their kids to do better than they did. That was always the deal for working-class Americans, immigrants and middle-class alike.
Generally, people agree that the lack of social and economic mobility we see today -- necessities for the achievement of the American dream -- is a result of the dramatic income inequality that's grown dramatically over the last couple of decades. There's even a name for this phenomenon called the Great Gatsby Curve, which simply shows that the more income inequality there is, the less social mobility there is. As Tim Noah of the New Republic explained:
Advertisement:
Economists have long suspected that you can't really experience ever-growing income inequality without experiencing a decline in Horatio Alger-style upward mobility because (to use a frequently-employed metaphor) it's harder to climb a ladder when the rungs are farther apart. [Economist Alan] Krueger calculates based on the Gatsby curve (admittedly, somewhat speculatively) that "the persistence in the advantages and disadvantages of income passed from parents to the children" will "rise by about a quarter for the next generation as a result of the rise in inequality that the U.S. has seen in the last 25 years
It's doubtful that more than a handful of average Americans have heard of the Great Gatsby Curve but they do know that they aren't getting ahead at the same pace as their parents did. Earlier generations started out with much less (there was less to have!), but the level of advancement over the course of a lifetime for average working people, whether factory workers or teachers or small business owners, was measurable and real. People who never thought of going to college had all their children graduate from university. Couples whose parents always lived in small urban dwellings bought big houses in the suburbs and retired from their jobs knowing they could live comfortably in their old age. Each generation did a bit better than the last, gaining more opportunity and living with more financial security. It wasn't sexy but it was solid.
According to polling, including this latest one by the Public Religion Research Institute, the bottom has fallen out of the American dream for a whole lot of people. Only 42 percent of Americans still believe in it today and it's not getting better:
Other polling has shown similar results. That's a sad comment on our country.
Oddly, that same poll shows that far more Republicans than Democrats believe the American dream is still operative, 55 percent to 32 percent. If you wonder why that is, perhaps it's because many Republicans have a completely different definition of the American dream. They don't see it as a middle-class goal at all, much of it made possible by the promise of a decent education and secure retirement, guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. No, they believe that the American dream is getting filthy rich. It's not much different than winning the lottery or getting a slot on the Real Housewives of Galt's Gulch.
Here's a good example of how Republicans explain it to the rubes, in a piece called "In Defense of the Wealthy and the American Dream":
Advertisement:
The United States has 422 billionaires, nearly four times that of 2nd place China. We have a 15.3 trillion dollar economy. We have a standard of living that is the envy of the world. Why? We have the American Dream and other countries don't. This American Dream exists because we are free to pursue unlimited prosperity. What fuels the desire to pursue the American Dream is the right to keep the wealth you produce. Property rights are fundamental to the existence of the American Dream and to the continued success of our nation. It was intentional. Our founding fathers built a nation around individual liberty and individual property rights. Without these rights, there would be no 422 billionaires, no 15.3 trillion dollar economy, no high standard of living. These rights are the very foundation of America. Liberty and the right to keep your property (wealth) have, for generations, separated America from the rest of the world. It is the reason America has been considered by so many around the world as “the land of opportunity”.
He calls these 422 billionaires the "American Dream Achievers." And if you too want to be an American Dream Achiever you must agree not to tax them or regulate their businesses or in any other way try to reduce the wealth inequality we know is causing virtually everyone else to stagnate economically. But have no fear, you can totally do it! Why, if you just work hard you can be the 423rd billionaire -- out of 313 million Americans!
A few months ago David Leonhardt of the New York Times published a story that showed exactly where the real American dream -- enough opportunity and security to live a decent life and make it possible for your kids to succeed -- is in the most trouble. And ironically, it turns out that one specific group of people is being scammed by this absurd con game more than any other: Southern Republicans.
The results of this week's poll on Americans' pessimism about the American dream doesn't break the data out by region. It does break it out by race and class, however, and it's perhaps unsurprising that the most pessimistic, by a long shot, are the white working class and African-Americans. It's fair to guess that an awful lot of those working-class whites and African-Americans hail from that red area on the map where their futures and their children's futures really are grim.
Advertisement:
And that's largely thanks to the policies put in place by GOP politicians who are intent upon delivering for those rare "American Dream Achievers" -- and nobody else. You can't blame the African-Americans. They know the score and don't vote for these dream killers. The Southern white working class is another story. They're participating in their own demise.
Frank Dalleres
QUEENS Park Rangers could still face a hefty fine and demotion to the Conference for breaking the Football League's financial fair play rules despite declaring a huge drop in losses last season.QPR said they lost just £9.8m in 2013-14, an improvement of £55.6m on the previous campaign even though they spent it in the Championship and missed out on lucrative Premier League broadcast payments. The west London club said they reduced expenditure by £22m but did not reveal any further details, other than that shareholders including chairman Tony Fernandes had written off £60m worth of loans.If approved by the Football League, the financial results would see Rangers avoid an anticipated £40m sanction for breaking FFP rules and a row that risked seeing them banished to non-league football.But the league, which represents clubs in the second, third and fourth tiers, said it was still in talks with QPR's accountants over a number of potentially disputed items.“The Football League notes the statement made earlier today by Queens Park Rangers regarding its annual accounts for the year ending May 31 2014,” it said.“The club has previously filed accounts with the Football League in accordance with the requirements of the league's FFP rules. The treatment of certain items in those accounts, and how the league's FFP rules should be applied to them, remains a matter of ongoing discussion between QPR and the Football League. It would therefore be inappropriate to comment further at this time.”Clubs who exceed the size of losses permitted under FFP but gain promotion to the Premier League, as QPR did last term, face large fines determined by the extent of their infringement.Football League chairman Shaun Harvey warned in September that clubs who refused to pay their fines could be barred from re-entering the competition, effectively relegating them to the Conference. Fernandes responded at the time by vowing to fight any fine in court if necessary.HOW IT WORKSFootball League Financial Fair Play■ Championship clubs were permitted to lose a maximum of £8m during 2013-14 without breaking Football League financial fair play rules■ Those who exceeded that amount face punishment depending on whether they stayed in the division or gained promotion League■ Teams who stayed in the Championship are subject to transfer bans, while those who went up, like QPR, face a fair play tax of £6.7m for the first £10m lost, plus 100 per cent of any further losses
The disappearance of a Canadian filmmaker in the Cambodian city of Siem Reap appeared all the more mysterious Wednesday as friends and family said the 58-year-old man was no stranger to his surroundings.
Dave Walker spoke the language, knew the streets and was familiar with the local culture.
Walker, who had been living in Cambodia for the past year and a half, was staying at a guest house last week when he decided to step out while a housekeeper tended to his room.
He apparently left his room Friday afternoon with only a bottle of water and never returned.
“This is completely out of character for him,” Walker's cousin, Tammy Wallbridge Madon told The Canadian Press. “All indications were that he was going to be coming back and he never did come back.”
Walker's disappearance was first noticed by his Cambodian business partner, Sonny Chhoun, who came to the guesthouse on Friday evening to meet with him.
Chhoun found Walker's cellphone, laptop, luggage and passport still in his room, but staff at the guest house said they hadn't seen the Canadian in hours.
After Walker failed to turn up that night, Chhoun contacted local police and has been searching parts of the city looking for the Canadian, who hasn't been heard from since.
A local media report said the Australian embassy — which handles consular cases in Cambodia for the Canadian government — had filed an official missing persons report on Walker in the capital city of Phnom Penh.
The Phnom Penh Post quoted a police officer saying authorities were worried for Walker's safety and were searching for him.
Walker and Chhoun had set up a film company in Siem Reap in July 2012 called Animist Farm Films. Siem Reap is located just south of the famous Angkor Wat ruins, which draw hordes of tourist every year.
The pair had recently been working on a documentary about the radical Khmer Rouge regime, which left close to two million people dead from starvation, medical neglect, slave-like working conditions and execution.
Walker's abrupt disappearance had his friends and family fearing the worst.
“This is very unusual,” said Peter Vronsky, who last heard from Walker on Thursday. “No one has seen him on the streets.”
Vronsky said missing person posters were being distributed in Siem Reap in the hopes that someone would come forward with information on Walker.
Friends and family are also hoping Canadian officials will urge Cambodian authorities to actively search for the man.
“We're concerned this not being made a priority,” said Vronsky.
Walker grew up in Edmonton but last lived in Toronto, where he studied for a Masters degree at York University in 2009. His family said he has lived and worked in Southeast Asia on and off for years.
He also co-authored a non-fiction book, called “Hello My Big Big Honey,” which chronicles the experiences of Bangkok bar girls and their Western admirers.
Many astronauts are using social media to showcase images of the blue planet from outer space – including awe-inspiring photos featuring Michigan cities and its Great Lakes.
Monday morning, NASA astronaut Scott Kelly tweeted out a picture of Michigan and the area surrounding the Great Lakes at nighttime. Kelly calls the Great Lakes "unmistakeable," even from 250 miles up.
Kelly has been aboard the International Space Station for a record-breaking one-year period as part of a study to measure the impact a year in space can have on a person, USA Today reported.
Earlier this year, Kelly tweeted out two photos of Detroit: a photo of the city alongside the Detroit River in June and another of Ford Field in September.
Kelly isn't the only astronaut to showcase the mitten space from social media. In 2013, Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield tweeted out two photos of Grand Rapids, one at night and one in the day. The daytime photo features twists and turns of the Grand River, to which Hadfield commented, "from orbit you can see why they call it Grand Rapids."
From orbit you can see why they called it Grand Rapids - Michigan USA. pic.twitter.com/gBgDpk1MSr — Chris Hadfield (@Cmdr_Hadfield) March 7, 2013
Grand Rapids, MI, with the lights on, as-seen from 300 miles up. pic.twitter.com/8PVoM3JR — Chris Hadfield (@Cmdr_Hadfield) February 18, 2013
American astronaut Karen Nyberg tweeted out a photo of Michigan and surrounding Great Lakes from aboard the International Space Station in 2013. The photo features four of the lakes: Erie, Ontario, Huron and Michigan.
The Great Lakes. August 23. pic.twitter.com/NrmGZJhHJJ — Karen L. Nyberg (@AstroKarenN) October 13, 2013
– Allana Akhtar, Michigan Radio Newsroom
In movies, video games and comic books, the rich supervillain always has a giant floating, flying or rolling lair armed with lasers, equipped with an insane amount of protection and cluttered with gadgets and escape pods. Ridiculous, right? After all, who would actually build expensive vehicles just to sell to the supervillain demographic?
5 The 550-Foot Laser Yacht
Russians are well-known for producing huge things, mainly drinks, bombs and Ivan Drago. But one Russian in particular is known for his huge-ass boats. His name is Roman Abramovich, and he owns "Eclipse," the largest private yacht in the world, which, oh by the way, is something a James Bond villain would consider "too over-the-top."
It's the building in the middle.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
It's almost as long as two football fields (557 feet) and has a German-built missile defense system. It also has radar and armored windows and -- this our favorite part -- camera-destroying lasers.
The lasers are a new innovation in the field of high-end craziness. According to The Times, the system works by automatically detecting the electronic light sensor inside any nearby camera and firing a high-intensity beam of light at it, destroying its ability to take pictures.
In these, as in so many other respects, Maisky's Diaries are endlessly illuminating. But they cannot be taken at face value. There are long gaps in the narrative, witness to those moments when even Maisky felt too frightened to write. The instinct for self-preservation also persuaded him to ascribe his own ideas to others, sometimes to a degree wholly at odds with reality. He was invariably disingenuous in his descriptions of Stalin. That was, no doubt, wise. So what remains must be carefully interpreted. Gorodetsky has achieved this feat by continually placing Maisky's words in the context of other contemporary documents, both Soviet and foreign. He has also compared Maisky's private and public accounts of events — his were perhaps the most self-serving of memoirs. The editor's frequent but discreet commentaries give voice to the silences and correct the misapprehensions. They allow the reader not simply to follow the story but comprehend the text. It is a magnificent editorial achievement.
What The Maisky Diaries, rightly read, reveal is not simply the Soviet perspective but the Soviet dimension to European relations during the decade after Hitler's rise to power. This has the effect of changing our view on seemingly well-understood events, again and again. We long knew that Hitler was dissatisfied by Munich. We can now appreciate why Stalin regarded that agreement as a disaster. Conversely, the Polish guarantees had the unanticipated effect of making Soviet Russia the pivot of Europe's balance of power. The Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact was not Stalin's desperate response to allied procrastination over a Russian agreement. He and Molotov had long since contemplated the greater advantage to be gained from a rapprochement with Hitler. This became their long-term plan. That, rather than asinine self-deception, better explains Stalin's seemingly craven appeasement of Hitler up to the summer of 1941. By the same token, the Japanese neutrality treaty was not an inspired, last-minute, defence of Russia's eastern flank. It was part of a premeditated effort “to collaborate extensively with [our] Tripartite Pact Partners”. It took two years hard slog — down to Stalingrad — to reverse the impact of that misjudgement. No wonder Stalin took such pains to conquer Eastern Europe after 1944.
Maisky's Diaries, for all their observational panache, are in many ways a record of professional failure. He did not succeed in persuading the Western allies to join a Soviet-sponsored policy of “collective security” after 1935. He did not succeed in securing Anglo-Soviet military cooperation in the summer of 1939. He did not succeed in cajoling Britain and America to open a second front in Europe, either in 1942 or 1943. Yet he was eventually recalled less for his shortcomings than for his success. Stalin could not abide the possibility of so popular an envoy in London. This could have been disastrous for Maisky. But he survived. He even survived his subsequent disgrace, in 1955. He died in his bed, aged 91, in 1975. Maisky was not a nice, still less a good, man. Read his account of the Soviet invasion of Poland on September 17, 1939 and feel your blood run cold. Yet one cannot help but admire him. Legend has it that Talleyrand, on being asked what he had done during the French Revolution, simply replied, “J'ai survécu.” Maisky might have said much the same. And his was surely the tougher task.
Maisky was a Marxist. But he never doubted the significance of the individual in history. Thus he took careful stock of its most important specimens in inter-war England. He despised Simon and distrusted Halifax. He loathed, but also feared, Chamberlain. He continually rated Lloyd-George (an “astonishing man”) highest of all, at least before 1941. He did his best to bully lesser political fry, like Butler (with little effect), and to influence sympathetic officials, like Vansittart (with rather more success). He exploited the credulity of indigenous fellow-travellers for all they were worth. Their value varied. Even Maisky was surprised by quite how idiotically Dr Hewlett Johnson interpreted his duty to be useful (“I consider . . . Stalin's Russia . . . to be the only truly Christian country in our day”). In contrast, the Webbs' commendable socialist orthodoxy was hampered by their residual “snobbery” (his word). Hence Beatrice's efforts to hinder his cultivation of Churchill (“He is not a true Englishman, you know. He has negro blood . . . inherited from his mother. You can tell [by] his appearance”).In these, as in so many other respects, Maisky's Diaries are endlessly illuminating. But they cannot be taken at face value. There are long gaps in the narrative, witness to those moments when even Maisky felt too frightened to write. The instinct for self-preservation also persuaded him to ascribe his own ideas to others, sometimes to a degree wholly at odds with reality. He was invariably disingenuous in his descriptions of Stalin. That was, no doubt, wise. So what remains must be carefully interpreted. Gorodetsky has achieved this feat by continually placing Maisky's words in the context of other contemporary documents, both Soviet and foreign. He has also compared Maisky's private and public accounts of events — his were perhaps the most self-serving of memoirs. The editor's frequent but discreet commentaries give voice to the silences and correct the misapprehensions. They allow the reader not simply to follow the story but comprehend the text. It is a magnificent editorial achievement.What The Maisky Diaries, rightly read, reveal is not simply the Soviet perspective but the Soviet dimension to European relations during the decade after Hitler's rise to power. This has the effect of changing our view on seemingly well-understood events, again and again. We long knew that Hitler was dissatisfied by Munich. We can now appreciate why Stalin regarded that agreement as a disaster. Conversely, the Polish guarantees had the unanticipated effect of making Soviet Russia the pivot of Europe's balance of power. The Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact was not Stalin's desperate response to allied procrastination over a Russian agreement. He and Molotov had long since contemplated the greater advantage to be gained from a rapprochement with Hitler. This became their long-term plan. That, rather than asinine self-deception, better explains Stalin's seemingly craven appeasement of Hitler up to the summer of 1941. By the same token, the Japanese neutrality treaty was not an inspired, last-minute, defence of Russia's eastern flank. It was part of a premeditated effort “to collaborate extensively with [our] Tripartite Pact Partners”. It took two years hard slog — down to Stalingrad — to reverse the impact of that misjudgement. No wonder Stalin took such pains to conquer Eastern Europe after 1944.
It may seem odd in retrospect, but most historians eagerly anticipated the publication of The Hitler Diaries. Had they been genuine, they would have been revealing. Europe's “Civil War” of the 1930s and 1940s was vast in scope. It was executed more by machines than men. And its immediate effects were frequently unfathomable. Yet the specific dynamics of conflict — what actually happened, where and when — were often determined by an astonishingly small number of individuals. Those men were only too willing to put their thoughts on these matters to paper. Their memoirs were invariably self-serving. De Gaulle was magnificent in this respect, Eisenhower merely tedious, Speer duplicitous.However, the contemporaneous diaries of protagonists, especially those composed without obvious intention of publication, have proved to be of quite different value. These often displayed a complexity of motive, even a confusion of purpose (let alone effect), that have served serious study well. No one better exposed the utter cynicism of the Nazi regime than Goebbels. Mussolini's fake grandiosity was seldom more graphically described than by Ciano. And Britain's grim determination to prevail still lives in the words of Alanbrooke. But nothing of comparable quality emerged from the ex-Soviet Union. This was scarcely surprising. Stalin's Terror discouraged all but the most foolhardy from writing much down. Only the suicidal contemplated anything so self-incriminating as a diary. That, at least, is what we thought until now.Gabriel Gorodetsky is one of the leading historians of 20th-century Soviet foreign policy. In 1993, seeking information on Ivan Maisky's involvement in the Soviet decision to support the Palestinian partition plan of 1947, he discovered The Maisky Diaries. He has devoted much of the last 20 years to collating, editing and interpreting what may turn out to be the most important contribution of 21st-century historical scholarship to our understanding of the causes, course and consequences of the Second World War. The full, unexpurgated, text runs to about 500,000 words. It will eventually be published in three volumes. This is an abridged edition, reproducing about one-quarter of the original. It is a revelation. It will be read — it will be metaphorically devoured — by anyone remotely interested in understanding the history of humanity's darkest century.Maisky was a Soviet diplomat of the old school. He was intelligent, educated and fluent in several languages. He travelled widely before the Revolution. He began as a Menshevik, later shifting his allegiance to the Bolsheviks. He was appointed Soviet Ambassador to London in 1932, remaining there for 11 years. During that time, he set about systematically courting and manipulating anyone who mattered in Britain to Russian advantage. That involved cultivating around 500 of the most influential men and women of the time, beginning with the Foreign Office, then working his way through Parliament and the press. His method, beautifully set out in a nine-page “lecture” to Fedor Gusev, one of Molotov's moronic yes men, is admirably summarised in this book. It repays the most careful scrutiny.
Turkey continues to strongly encourage its NATO allies — the United States, Great Britain and France — to mount a military operation in Syria after the alleged use of chemical weapons by forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad in Ghouta, near Damascus.
The reluctance that has crept into the approach of these countries after their initial show of determination is a source of frustration for the government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, who is seeking immediate action against the Assad regime.
As Washington, London and Paris continue to debate what actions will be taken against the Assad regime, statements from US officials — together with similar statements from Britain and France — indicate that Ankara is at odds with its allies over the aims of any military strike against Syria, if and when this takes place.
In the backdrop to all this, Islamists and supporters of the Erdoğan government in Turkey are facing a serious quandary over the prospect of a US-led operation against an Islamic country, and are confused over how to react.
Fielding questions in Washington on Aug. 27, White House spokesman Jay Carney ruled out the option of using military force to oust Assad, a statement that was met with coolness by Turkish government sources.
“I want to make clear that the options that we are considering are not about regime change. They are about responding to a clear violation of an international standard that prohibits the use of chemical weapons,” Carney said. He added that the United States believes that “resolution of this conflict has to come through political negotiation and settlement.”
Speaking during a press conference on Aug. 29, on his return from official talks in Saudi Arabia, Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, for his part, referred to the very existence of the Assad regime as a danger.
“The existence of a regime next door to our country that is barbarically using chemical weapons against its own people is a risk factor in itself. We have never tried to change or to topple a regime anywhere. But we have taken a clear stance against the regime in Syria that is openly committing a crime against its own people,” said Davutoglu.
The public also learned this week through a written question on Syria submitted to Prime Minister Erdoğan in parliament on Aug. 29 that Davutoglu had spelled out Turkey's intentions concerning Syria back in July. The text addressed to Erdoğan refers to a belated response on July 15 by Davutoglu to a written question submitted to him in parliament by Atilla Kart, a deputy from the main opposition Republican People's Party back in February.
“What is at the bottom of Turkey's support for the Syrian people and the Syrian opposition is the responsibility and the will to contribute to the establishment of a new Syria, where democracy and peace are dominant,” Davutoglu said, indicating that Turkey is seeking an end to Assad's rule.
Certain remarks by US President Barack Obama this week, in an interview with PBS on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington by civil rights supporters, also raised eyebrows in Ankara's government circles and contributed to the sense of frustration.
“I have not made a decision, but I think it's important that if, in fact, we make a choice to have repercussions for the use of chemical weapons, then the Assad regime, which is involved in a civil war, trying to protect itself, will have received a pretty strong signal, that in fact, it better not do it again. And that doesn't solve all the problems inside of Syria, and, you know, it doesn't, obviously, end the death of innocent civilians inside of Syria,” Obama said during the interview.
Apart from reflecting reluctance about military action against Syria, these remarks also include an acceptance of the fact that any military strike will not be the panacea Ankara seeks. Obama's words to the effect that the Assad regime is involved in a civil war and trying to protect itself also fall contrary to the narrative the Erdoğan government has maintained on Syria.
Erdoğan and Davutoglu continue to reject the civil-war argument, saying instead that what is happening in Syria is that a brutal dictator is attacking his people. But even Islamists in Turkey are finding it difficult to go along with this narrative and are turning against the Erdoğan government's encouragement of Western countries to bomb Syria.
Ali Bulac, a prominent Islamist intellectual and commentator for Zaman, for example, argued in his column on Aug. 29 that it was time to criticize the government's Syria policy. Maintaining that “the West is getting ready to deal a blow to a Syria that is dying in front of our eyes,” Bulac claimed that the West's intention was to ensure that Islamists, including Iran and Hezbollah, do not seize control in that country.
“Everyone lost in Syria. Starting off with Turkey, Iran, Islamists, all of us lost. Kings, emirs, sheikhs, Israel and perhaps the post-modern crusaders who are trying to settle in the region appear to be the winners,” Bulac wrote.
Pointing out that the Erdoğan government's “hegemonic narrative since 2011” has been based on the argument that goes, “There is a ruthless leader in Syria that is massacring his own people,” wrote Bulac, adding, “Yes, there is a ruthless leader, but the way to topple him is not this.”
Bulac went on to declare that Davutoglu's foreign ministry had totally misread, “from A to Z,” the socio-political and military configuration in Syria where, he said, nearly 45% of the population continues to support Assad.
Bulac's commentary reflects anger with the government's policy on Syria. An opinion piece by Ibrahim Karagul, the editor-in-chief of the pro-government Yeni Safak on Aug. 28, on the other hand, reflects the confusion reigning among Islamists over the prospect of a Western-led military operation in Syria.
Pointing out that we are on the verge of such an intervention, Karagul said he was “pained” to see this, writing, “If only regional countries could have intervened themselves. But we know this is impossible, and, given this impossibility, that the Syrian people will continue to die.”
Arguing that “the despots in Damascus will be responsible for any outside intervention and invasion of Syria,” Karabul went on to ask what the best stance to take would be in the face of a Western intervention. He wrote, “Let's face it, we were left with no choice. The oppression is such that we have no strength left to say no to an intervention. This is the price the tyrants in Damascus are making us pay.”
The overall picture Ankara faces today is one in which the “coalition of the willing” is turning into the “coalition of the reluctant,” and Western aims in Syria are proving to be at odds with the Erdoğan government's expectations. In addition to this, public and political opposition in Turkey to military involvement in Syria is mounting, while the government's natural grassroots supporters are angry and confused over the prospect of another Western intervention in the region, this time egged on by Turkey. Against such a backdrop, Erdoğan and Davutoglu appear set to face much more frustration over Syria in the coming days and weeks.
Semih Idiz is a contributing writer for Al-Monitor's Turkey Pulse. A journalist who has been covering diplomacy and foreign policy issues for major Turkish newspapers for 30 years, his opinion pieces can be followed in the English-language Hurriyet Daily News. His articles have also been published in The Financial Times, The Times of London, Mediterranean Quarterly and Foreign Policy magazine.
Mark Sanchez wasn't able to move the New York Jets' offense Sunday against the Arizona Cardinals, and coach Rex Ryan finally ran out of patience.
Ryan benched Sanchez and inserted Greg McElroy at quarterback midway through the third quarter, drawing loud cheers from a sparse but frustrated crowd at MetLife Stadium. McElroy promptly led the Jets on 10-play, 54-yard touchdown drive, punctuated by his 1-yard touchdown pass to Jeff Cumberland, that gave New York the only score it needed in a 7-6 win.
Sanchez was 10-of-21 passing for 97 yards with three interceptions before being pulled. The Jets didn't manage any points with Sanchez facing the Cardinals' strong defense, though Nick Folk missed two field-goal attempts in the first half.
McElroy was a seventh-round draft pick out of Alabama in the 2011 NFL Draft. He missed all of last season with a thumb injury, so this was the first game action of his NFL career. McElroy finished the game 5 of 7 for 29 yards and the TD.
Tim Tebow, the Jets' regular backup quarterback, was inactive with a rib injury.
Follow Dan Hanzus on Twitter @DanHanzus.
Browse > Home Mass / Pope Francis To Defrock 300 Priests For Failing To Say ‘Good Morning' At The Beginning Of Mass
Pope Francis To Defrock 300 Priests For Failing To Say ‘Good Morning' At The Beginning Of Mass
VATICAN––Shortly after it was revealed that his predecessor, Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI, defrocked 400 priests for sexual abuse of minors, Pope Francis decreed the immediate removal of priestly faculties for 300 priests from Europe and the Americas who were found in defiance of liturgical norms and persistently refused to greet parishioners with the traditional “Good Morning” liturgical salutation. “The rubrics are clear in this regard; the celebrant is to smile, holds his hands out widely and welcomingly, and say ‘Good Morning,' in a jubilant voice, before continuing with the Penitential Rites,” said a spokesman for the Holy See, defending the Holy Father's decision. He continued, “a committee has been established also to ensure that liturgical norms for homilies are followed strictly by all who preach at Mass.” These norms, he explained, are somewhat more flexible: “the priest or deacon or layperson with a degree in theology or pastoral ministry has the option, in this case, of beginning with either a story or a joke. But beyond this, there is little wiggle room. Defying this would be the liturgical equivalent of deliberately changing a note in Marty Haugen's ‘Mass of Creation' setting for the Eucharistic Prayer, the Canonical penalty for which is an automatic excommunication.” The spokesman concluded firmly: “We are not at liberty to tamper with the Holy Liturgy of the Church, adding and subtracting as we see fit. That would make it more about us than about God.”
OAKLAND — The laws of supply and demand have caught up to Bushrod, the north Oakland neighborhood west of Rockridge and northwest of Temescal, now considered the hottest real estate market in the country.
The real estate firm Redfin, in its annual analysis of data gleaned from its website, rated Bushrod the hottest market in the country based on traffic to its website by potential home buyers.
“North Oakland in general is pretty hot,” said Ben Brunetti, whose company, Urban Homestead, refurbishes and builds houses throughout the city.
Bushrod is centered around Shattuck Avenue from a few blocks below Ashby Avenue on the north to the west side of Highway 24 below the 51st Street exit at its southern extremity, and from Telegraph Avenue on the east to Martin Luther King Jr. Way on the west.
Temescal and Rockridge historically are pricier and haven't had enough houses for sale to meet demand, Redfin Realtor Tom Hendershot said in an interview.
Buyers are seeing that they can get “a little more for the money and still have basically the same services” that nearby Temescal offers, Hendershot said. He cited its proximity to freeway onramps and the Ashby and MacArthur BART stations as two important reasons.
“What's driving it is the lack of inventory. Tech jobs, too, are overwhelmingly one of the reasons. People are flush with cash. In bidding wars, people with the most money win,” Brunetti said.
“Oakland's become a hip place over the last number of years,” he continued, noting Temescal's trendy restaurants such as Pizzaiolo, Burma Star and Bakesale Betty's and the shops of Temescal Alley.
“There's a joke in this part of town that it's closer to San Francisco than San Francisco is,” Hendershot said, noting that it only takes 20 minutes to get to downtown San Francisco on BART.
Oakland in general has been a hot real estate market for years, in large part because of a dearth of properties available for sale, which drives up prices.
Bushrod's housing stock — typically three-bedroom, one-bathroom, 1,250-square-foot bungalows — have been drawing young tech workers who are starting families and have outgrown their San Francisco condos, Hendershot said.
Sellers tend to be cashing in after holding properties a few years and are moving out of the region, he said.
The median price in Bushrod last year was $817,000. Redfin's website currently is showing seven properties, ranging in price from $549,000 to $1.2 million. Homes typically sold in about two weeks at 115 percent of the listing price, it reports.
“When we bought our house in 1984, this was a black, working-class neighborhood,” said Leah Fortin, who has lived in Bushrod for decades and seen its demographics and character change over the years.
“There are so many babies on the block, you wouldn't believe it. And that's not counting kids,” Fortin said at her family home on 62nd off Telegraph.
It is a far cry from when future major league baseball players Rickey Henderson, Frank Robinson and Vada Pinson, and A's manager Billy Martin before them, honed their skills on the ballfields at Bushrod Park as youngsters. Their painted images adorn the recreation center there, next to a Jehovah's Witness property on the corner of Racine Street at 59th Street.
Fortin's girls attended Peralta Elementary, a well-regarded arts school on the other side of Telegraph, where “there were just a handful of white kids at the time,” she said. Nowadays, she added, all the families she sees going there are white.
Brunetti put $80,000 into a home he bought for $311,000 in 2009 in the Santa Fe neighborhood, just across Martin Luther King Jr. Way from Bushrod's western border.
Last year, he sold that house for $950,000 and moved to Berkeley.
Fortin paid $50,000 for her house during the height of the crack epidemic. “When we moved here, it was incredibly affordable, partly because crime was so bad,” she said.
But crime has not been much of a concern in her more than 30 years there, she said. “What I've noticed as a trend is that as it gets popular and more affluent people move in, crime goes up, because there is more to steal.”
Still, she's never feared for her safety. “I'm so used to living in Oakland,” she said. “I think about it, but I'm cautious.”
Fortin wistfully regretted that in all their years in the neighborhood, she had never been able to convince her carpenter husband to take on a fixer-upper as an investment.
Contact Mark Hedin at 510-293-2452, 408-759-2132 or mhedin@bayareanewsgroup.com.
The second excellent Group B game of the night, and another encounter decided by superiority in one particular zone.
Jogi Löw continued with the same starting XI that defeated Portugal on Saturday.
Despite widespread predictions that Holland would change at least one of their front four, Bert van Marwijk's selection featured only one change, with Ron Vlaar dropping out of the side now Joris Mathijsen was fit to start. Clearly, van Marwijk believed that the majority of Holland's play against Denmark was good – it was just the finishing that let them down.
Germany were much the better side here – they were more comfortable on the ball, their movement was better and they played at a quicker tempo. It was something of a surprise to see them hanging on towards the end of the game, having been so superior in the first half.
Wide positions
Whereas the earlier Group B game was contested on the flanks, the battles in wide zones here were quiet, with the full-backs coming out on top. Ibrahim Afellay had another disappointing game, and Jerome Boateng again deserves great credit for his defensive performance, having been unsure of his place in the side before the tournament (although he picked up a second yellow card, and will miss the game against Denmark). On the other side, Philipp Lahm played Arjen Robben wonderfully – Robben was predictable, always coming inside onto his left foot, but Lahm had extra knowledge from Bayern, and Robben only succeeded with one of his five attempts to dribble past an opponent.
At the other end, Gregory van der Wiel against Lukas Podolski was something of a no-score draw – it's difficult to remember either significantly involved in the play – while Thomas Muller was probably the wide player who looked most dangerous (mainly with a couple of crosses towards Mario Gomez) against the inexperienced Jetro Willems – although the Dutch left-back certainly didn't have a poor game.
Central midfield
This game was all about the midfield, and the contrast between the two systems. Holland were very structured – Nigel de Jong was retained alongside Mark van Bommel, while Wesley Sneijder stayed high up the pitch, more like a second striker than an attacking midfielder. Holland were effectively outnumbered 3 v 2 in the middle, but this wasn't necessarily a problem if they sat deep, kept their positions, and forced Germany wide.
Holland's trouble inevitably started from the movement of the fabulous Mesut Ozil, who drifted towards the right of the pitch in the first half, combining with Muller. As the deepest-lying Dutch midfielder, de Jong generally followed him – which left Mark van Bommel covering a large space of the pitch in front of the Dutch defence.
Third runner
Van Bommel then had to pick up the second runner – either Sami Khedira or Bastian Schweinsteiger. But the great value of Germany's fluidity and bravery in midfield was demonstrated by the fact that the other player didn't merely stay deep and pick up Sneijder. Germany left him to the centre-backs, generally keeping one full-back in a defensive position to maintain three defenders at the back if the ball was lost. That meant they had a third midfield runner.
The first goal highlighted this brilliantly. De Jong started off marking Ozil in a central zone, but ends up being dragged to a left-back position. Van Bommel tracks Khedira, who also moves towards that side of the pitch. Therefore, the entire central midfield zone has been opened up for Schweinsteiger – with Sneijder miles away. Schweinsteiger gets the ball, and slipsin Gomez, who spun and finished excellently. This was an isolated incident, but it had been coming.
For the second goal, something similar happened. De Jong moved with Ozil towards the left-back position and van Bommel had erroneously been tracking Khedira when Schweinsteiger was higher up the pitch. Schweinsteiger was then free to receive Ozil's pass, and played in Gomez again. In fact, Schweinsteiger only passed to Gomez twice in the first half, and both were assists.
Holland changes
Holland had to adjust, and van Marwijk brought on Rafael van der Vaart for van Bommel, which helped Holland connect the midfield and attack. Klaas-Jan Huntelaar replaced Afellay, with the Schalke striker playing upfront as van Persie moved to the flank, switching around with Robben.
Much in the opening game, the change didn't initially seem to give Holland much extra threat. Their good play in the first half came when van Persie and Robben combined on the right, or when van Persie's movement (often in behind Mats Hummels, maybe hoping Hummels would be drawn to Sneijder) allowed him a chance after a ball from the centre of the pitch. These combinations were no longer evident, and for the first part of the second half, Germany were comfortable.
Dutch switch
But then, van Marwijk switched van Persie and Sneijder. The former was now a number ten, the latter moving inside from the left. Now, there were some decent moments – although there was still little cohesion from the Dutch front four, and every bit of good play was down to individual moments. Sneijder had a powerful effort blocked by Boateng after Robben beat his man for the first time. Then Sneijder cut inside from the left and shot just wide of the far post. Van Persie, meanwhile, created a goal out of nothing by coming deep to get the ball and firing in from outside of the box. Holland were back in the game, but through individuals rather than the structure of the side.
Germany didn't defend well in the second half. Compared to at the World Cup two years ago, their shape wasn't impressive – the second bank of four was slow to form and Holland found space out wide. It was surprising Löw didn't use his substitutes earlier, to give extra energy to the side, and perhaps some more defensive protection.
But Holland didn't do enough to merit a point. Their pressing was terrible – the front four or five would close down high up the pitch, then the defence and de Jong would stay on the edge of their own box. Germany played through the first ‘line' easily, then held the ball, and held on for the win.
Conclusion
This was the perfect demonstration of how a flexible midfield duo can outwit the opposition. Germany were brave, and risked being caught on the break by leaving Sneijder free between the lines, but the alternate forward runs from Schweinsteiger and Khedira confused van Bommel, while de Jong was distracted by Ozil's usual selfless off-the-ball movement to the flanks.
In more general terms, this was all about cohesion. Germany did everything together – they pressed as a unit, defended as a unit, and broke through with integrated movement and clever passing. Holland relied on individuals, while the defensive shape of the side was poor – quite damning, considering van Marwijk went for the defensive option of two holding midfielders. Germany aren't mathematically through, Holland aren't mathematically eliminated, and this was only a one-goal win, but the difference in quality was huge.
Related articles on Zonal Marking:
Nick Xenophon's SA Best is leading the major parties in a state-based Newspoll. Photo: AAP/David Mariuz
Only two months after announcing he would quit the Senate to return to state politics, Xenophon has turned the March 2018 state election into a three-way battle for power, with his SA Best party in the lead.
In the state-based Newspoll, published in The Australian today, SA Best recorded 32 per cent of the primary vote, with the Liberals on 29 per cent, Labor on 27 per cent, and the Greens on six per cent.
Advertisement
At the last state election, Labor polled a primary vote of 35.8 per cent while the Liberals achieved 44.8 per cent.
Xenophon is South Australians' clear preference for Premier, sitting on 46 per cent of the vote ahead of incumbent Jay Weatherill on 22 per cent and Opposition Leader Steven Marshall on 19 per cent.
He said today he aimed to field 20 candidates at the March 17 election.
Newspoll was unable to calculate a two-party preferred vote – an indication of how SA Best's entry into the campaign has transformed South Australian politics.
The poll of 800 voters conducted from October 12 to December 17 has a margin of error of 3.5 percentage points.
This Xenophon poll is historic. I can't recall the major parties ever being outpolled by a so-called “minor” party. His candidates only have to come second and Labor or Lib preferences will likely give his candidate the seat. 2 Party system under pressure? https://t.co/A9tnAB5Bx3 — bruce hawker (@brucehawker2010) December 18, 2017
The previous state-based Newspoll taken in late 2015 showed the Liberals leading Labor on the primary vote – 38 to 36 – but gave the two-party preferred advantage to Labor – 51-49 – based on preference flows from the 2014 state election.
Xenophon said today the poll showed that South Australians wanted an alternative “from the political centre”.
“I think what it does show is that people are sick of the broken state of South Australian politics, they don't think much of the major parties and the fact that SA Best, which is basically a start up, a fledgling party with a fraction of the resources of the major parties, is doing this well in the polls, indicates that people do want change and they don't want change from the left or the right, they actually want change from the political centre,” he told ABC Radio Adelaide.
Advertisement
Xenophon, who has so far announced six candidates to stand at the state election, said he would be announcing more candidates later this week.
He aimed to have 20 candidates in total, “unless there's a surge, unless we have lots of people going to the SA Best website today”.
The party was running on a shoestring and trying to make the most of its limited resources.
“We are running in seats where we think we have a real chance of winning, of causing an upset, and it's tough – it's tough when you're a start-up party up against major parties that have the backing of either big unions or big business.”
He defended his requirement that each candidate should stump up $20,000 of their own funds to stand for SA Best.
“The 20,000 is basically there to say ‘if you're going to run a serious campaign you need that order of money to run it'. I've put my 20,000 in, as have the other candidates, because running a typical campaign costs much, much more than that.”
Labor minister Peter Malinauskas focused on policy when asked about the Xenophon threat today.
He said any party aspiring to government needed to present a full suite of candidates and policies and the Xenophon party had yet to do that.
The Health Minister said he wasn't surprised by the Newspoll figures.
“We're going through a period of disruption in politics and no-one's immune from it,” he told reporters. “But the focus of the government has to be making sure we're delivering the services that people expect.”
We value local independent journalism. We hope you do too. InDaily provides valuable, local independent journalism in South Australia. As a news organisation it offers an alternative to The Advertiser, a different voice and a closer look at what is happening in our city and state for free. Any contribution to help fund our work is appreciated. Please click below to become an InDaily supporter. Powered by PressPatron
Police said the python involved in the attack was 13ft (4m) long A Kenyan man bit a python which wrapped him in its coils and dragged him up a tree during a fierce three-hour struggle, police have told the BBC. The serpent seized farmworker Ben Nyaumbe in the Malindi area of Kenya's Indian Ocean coast at the weekend. Mr Nyaumbe bit the snake on the tip of the tail during the exhausting battle in the village of Sabaki. Police rescued Mr Nyaumbe and captured the 13ft (4m) reptile, before taking it to a sanctuary, but it later escaped. The victim told police he managed to reach his mobile phone from his pocket to raise the alarm when the python momentarily eased its grip after hauling him up a tree on Saturday evening. We want to arrest the snake because any one of us could fall a victim
Peter Katam
Police superintendent Mr Nyaumbe used his shirt to smother the snake's head and prevent it from swallowing him. His employer arrived with police and villagers, who tied the python with a rope and pulled them both down from the tree with a thud. Peter Katam, superintendent of police in Malindi district, told the BBC News website: "Two officers on patrol were called and they found this man was struggling with a snake on a tree. "The snake had coiled his hands and was trying to swallow him but he struggled very hard. The officers and villagers managed to rescue him and he was freed. "He himself was injured on the lower lip of the mouth - it was bleeding a little bit - as the tip of the snake's tail was sharp when he said he bit it." Mr Nyaumbe told the Daily Nation newspaper how he resorted to desperate measures after the python, which had apparently been hunting livestock, encircled his upper body in its coils. "I stepped on a spongy thing on the ground and suddenly my leg was entangled with the body of a huge python," he said. "I had to bite it." 'Very mysterious' Supt Katam told the BBC the officers had wanted to shoot the snake but could not do so for fearing of injuring Mr Nyaumbe. "If it wasn't for the villagers and officers who helped him, he would have been swallowed by the snake over the Easter holiday," said Supt Katam. He added: "It's very mysterious, this ability to lift the man onto the tree. I've never heard of this before." The police officer said they took the snake to a sanctuary in Malindi town but it escaped overnight, probably from a gap under the door in the room where it was kept. "We are still seriously looking for the snake," said Supt Katam. "We want to arrest the snake because any one of us could fall a victim."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
With netball drawing bigger crowds than some National Rugby League games, administrators are considering moving matches to bigger stadiums and changing the structure to keep more teams in contention for the finals.
The moves, also designed to be more friendly for broadcasters, come as the sport's flagship competition, the ANZ Championship, enters its final stages.
Crowds across the 10-team competition, which features five teams each from Australia and New Zealand, are up about 8 per cent compared with the 2013 season and television ratings have increased about 15 per cent.
In May, the NSW Swifts attracted a record 10,000 home crowds, outstripping two RL matches played in Sydney on the same weekend. The Melbourne Vixens, which finished first on the ladder this season, have attracted crowds of up to 8000 and have more than 3000 season-ticket holders.
May 27, 2012 Singer Eleftheria Eleftheriou of Greece performs during the Grand Final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 at Crystal Hall in Azerbaijan's capital city, Baku. Pablo Blazquez Dominguez/GETTY IMAGES
The latest weapon in this country's ideological war with Iran arrived late last month in an armada of jets from California, accompanied by a private security force, dazzling pyrotechnics and a wardrobe that consisted of sequins and not much else.
A crowd of nearly 30,000 gathered to watch as the leader of this mini-invasion pranced onto a stage built on the edge of the Caspian Sea. With a shout of “Hello, lovers!” Jennifer Lopez wiggled out of her skirt and launched into a throbbing disco anthem, delighting her Azerbaijani fans and — it was hoped — infuriating the turbaned ayatollahs who live just across the water.
“You could almost feel the Iranians seething,” said an Azerbaijani official who attended the U.S. pop star's first concert in this predominantly Shiite Muslim country of 9 million. “This stuff makes them crazy.”
The effect on Iran's leaders is real enough, and it is at least partly by design. Azerbaijan, Iran's neighbor and longtime rival, is coming to relish its role as the region's anti-Iran, a secular, Western-leaning country that is working mightily to become everything that Iran is not.
As Iran sinks ever deeper into isolation and economic distress, its northern neighbor is sprinting in the opposite direction, building political and cultural ties to the West along with new pipelines connecting energy-hungry Europe with the country's rich petroleum fields on the Caspian Sea. Where Iran is repressive and theocratic, Azerbaijan is socially and religiously tolerant, offering itself as a model of a nonsectarian, Muslim-majority society that champions women's athletics and embraces Western music and entertainers.
It also enthusiastically pursues diplomatic and business ties with Israel, the Jewish state that Iranian officials have threatened to destroy.
Azerbaijan's leaders insist that such policies have nothing to do with Iran, and they point to a record of mostly cordial relations with the vastly larger, notoriously peevish republic to the south. Yet, with each stride toward modernity — and with every Western diva who arrives to croon and titillate on Baku's expanding international stage — Azerbaijan chips away at the legitimacy of Iran's government and fuels discontent among ordinary Iranians, say Western officials who study the region.
“It is one of the most serious threats to the long-term viability of the Iranian regime,” said Matthew Bryza, a former U.S. ambassador to Azerbaijan who now works as a private consultant. “Every day that Azerbaijan grows stronger economically and more connected to the Euro-Atlantic community — that's another day in which the Iranian regime grows weaker.”
It is hardly a perfect role model. The government in Baku is dominated by a single political party, and it has frequently come under criticism by independent watchdogs for its human rights record and alleged corruption. Azerbaijan also is mired in a nearly two-decade-old conflict with another of its neighbors, Armenia, over control of the disputed enclave known as Nagorno-Karabakh.
Still, even as they press for faster reforms, Western governments are seeing a lot to like about a country whose steady ascent makes Iran's failings appear even more wretched by comparison.
“Iranians now see Azerbaijan emerging as a regional player at a time when they are being sidelined by sanctions,” said a Baku-based Western diplomat who insisted on anonymity in discussing his country's geopolitical assessments. “They see new embassies opening and new foreign investment pouring in. . . . Azerbaijan is gaining, and Iran is losing.”
A cultural coming out
The visit to Baku by the pop star known as J-Lo was only one in a string of events marking the cultural coming out of a newly assertive Azerbaijan. Concert promoters have lured a steady stream of A-list Western entertainers to the country in recent weeks, including fellow pop icon Rihanna, who arrived in this Caspian seaport two weeks after Lopez's Baku premiere on Sept. 23. Rihanna was followed by blond songstress Shakira, the closer in a triumvirate of female performers known for skimpy costumes and sexually provocative dance moves.
If Baku's mostly Muslim concert-goers were offended, they showed no signs of it. Tens of thousands of young Azerbaijanis paid the equivalent of a week's salary to dance along with Lopez at her show in Baku's Crystal Hall, a lavish arena built on a small finger of land jutting into the Caspian. Many others camped outside a downtown hotel for a chance to glimpse the American pop icon.
“Best show I've ever seen,” gushed “Leyla,” a Baku woman who posted a pithy review on a fan site after Lopez's performance.
Azerbaijani officials say they invited female vocalists to help draw attention to yet another event: the under-17 Women's World Cup soccer tournament, hosted this year by Baku. The overall idea, they say, is to burnish Azerbaijan's standing as a progressive country that not only protects women's rights, but also promotes female participation in sports and the arts.
“We recognize that having a secular, progressive state is important for the well-being of this country,” said Novruz Mammadov, an Azerbaijani diplomat and director of foreign relations in the administration of President Ilham Aliyev.
Azerbaijani officials say it's by happenstance that the country's policies run against the grain of more conservative countries in the region. In fact, the contrasts could not be more striking — particularly with regard to Iran. And Western concerts and soccer games are only part of it.
In Baku, an ancient seaport in which Zoroastrian ruins coexist with brilliantly lighted glass skyscrapers, young couples hold hands or embrace on park benches along the broad, tree-lined promenade that hugs the Caspian shoreline — public displays of affection that are officially banned in Tehran. Women and girls in designer jeans hunt for bargains at Western clothing stores such as Bebe and Benetton. Head scarves are rare, but karaoke bars and nightclubs are plentiful along the downtown thoroughfares choked with traffic and new construction.
Fueled by a booming oil industry, the country's gross domestic product rocketed forward at a 35 percent annual rate — the world's highest — in the mid-2000s before cooling off in the face of the European recession. The cash influx paid for the city's gleaming skyline while helping lower the official poverty rate from nearly 50 percent to less than 16 percent in a single decade.
The central government has struggled to raise standards for education and health care, particularly in rural areas. But, while most Azerbaijanis share the same Shiite beliefs as their Iranian cousins, Baku has managed to prevent the emergence of religious extremism — at times trampling on political freedoms to do so. Government officials say an overwhelming majority of Azerbaijanis are proud of the country's secular traditions, which already were well established before Azerbaijan became part of the Soviet Union.
“It's not so much that we have changed, it's that others have come to understand who we are,” said Mikayil Jabbarov, director of the country's historical and architectural preservation agency. “We had girls' schools 100 years ago, and we were the first Muslim country to give women the vote. The mentality was shaped back then.”
Song contest crisis
Only more recently have these traditions become a problem for Azerbaijan's neighbors, government officials say. Iran's irritation with Western-leaning Azerbaijan turned to resentment and then hostility in the wake of published reports last year that Azerbaijan supplied assassins for an Israeli effort to kill Iran's nuclear scientists — an allegation that Azerbaijan vehemently denies.
Then, in February, Azerbaijani authorities disrupted what they said was an Iranian plot to kill Israeli diplomats and Jewish schoolteachers in Baku. An investigation would later implicate 22 Iranian operatives in a series of alleged schemes to target Western embassies and businesses, including the U.S. diplomatic mission in Baku.
Relations between the two capitals cratered. But the worst crisis was yet to come, and it was over a cultural event: Azerbaijan's election to become the host of this year's televised and highly popular Eurovision Song Contest. The contest was Azerbaijan's chance to shine, and the country spent billions of dollars building an arena and sprucing up its central avenues for the expected onslaught of tourists. Iran, however, attacked the event as an anti-Islamic “gay parade” and withdrew its ambassador in protest.
The harsh reaction left Azerbaijanis shaking their heads. “I do not know who got this idea into their heads in Iran,” Ali Hasanov, head of the administration's public and political issues department, told reporters at the time. “We are hosting a song contest, not a gay parade.”
But by then, Azerbaijanis had acquired a taste for Hollywood-style glamour, and their government was enjoying the international attention as well as an awareness of Iran's extreme discomfort. Tickets for the Jennifer Lopez concert went on sale the following month and sold out quickly — delighting the city's concert promoters and winning new admirers for a country that appears to have sided firmly with musicians over mullahs, with implications that extend far beyond its borders.
“It's easy to make fun, but this is part of their foreign policy strategy, and it's actually smart,” a second Western diplomat said of Azerbaijan's canny embrace of pop. “On one level, it says to the world, ‘We're a real country, and we can attract world-class entertainment.' On another level, it drives the Iranians to distraction.”
Con Man DVD & BluRay's are shipping next week! YAY!
Yes we know the wait has been long and our timelines kept getting pushed (January, then February, then March)... but it wasn't for not. We have created a DVD/BluRay combo disc set that isn't just all 13 episodes of Con Man is a glorious HD, this package is loaded with extra features including... Blooper Reel
Behind the Scenes video
Special Thank You from Alan & Nathan
Stills from the Set
Commentary Track with Alan, Nathan, and PJ. We hope you appreciate the extra features and the high definition version of Con Man to enjoy over and over again. Thanks again for being the best fans in the verse and also the most patient. :)
As always... "I will see you in HELL!" Sneak Preview of the DVD/BluRay Menu
Editor's note: Read 1-5 for free. Join Insider to view the rest of the rankings.
Heartbreak. We all experience it as sports fans, and sometimes it resonates more and lingers longer than victory.
How to quantify heartbreak? That was the question I had to ask after we came up with the idea of looking at the most heartbreaking outcomes in playoff history. The metric I settled on was championship probability, as in which teams had the best chance of winning the title at any given moment of the playoffs but ended up falling short.
As you might imagine, this is particularly relevant as the San Antonio Spurs prepare for a rematch with the Miami Heat 12 months after coming within a defensive rebound of beating the Heat for the NBA championship. The Spurs had the Larry O'Brien Trophy in their hands until Ray Allen snatched it away with his tying 3-pointer. That's heartbreak.
Not every title that slipped away has done so in as dramatic a fashion, and not every heartbreaking moment necessarily involved a likely championship -- you won't find my most heartbreaking moment as a fan -- the 1994 Seattle SuperSonics losing to the No. 8 seed Denver Nuggets -- on this list because it happened too early in the playoffs. But you will find as many different ways to lose a championship as there are teams on the list (30 in all, dating all the way back to the start of the NBA).
Enjoy, if the memories aren't too painful.
Tremors of WWI still felt in Middle East today: Eugene Rogan
William Armstrong - william.armstrong@hdn.com.tr
Professor Eugene Rogan, author of
Professor Eugene Rogan, author of 'The Fall of the Ottomans: The Great
War in the Middle East, 1914-1920.'
There are certain terms commonly used, and even understood, in massively multiplayer games that nobody really knows the origin of. One of those terms is “proc.” I've heard people say that it stands for a number of different things. Given the wealth of smart people available around the office, I posed the question to them and came up with the following, most of which I had heard at some point, but one or two new ones:
PROCedure – “Proc” is short for “procedure.” Effects in the old days were processed on a certain action (like attacking). In some mud languages, the scripts would look something like proc procedurename {params} { body } . This is derived from Pascal.
. This is derived from Pascal. PROCess – “Proc” is short for “process.” This is generally the most widely accepted origin of the word “proc.” Of course, you are processing a procedure (see above), so it's entirely possible that process is derived from procedure and proc is shorthand for process.
Potential Rate Of Cast – I don't know the origin of this one, but it technically does make sense and was provided as an example by a team member.
Programmed Random OCcurrence – This might be the best fit out there. Some people claim this is an old school coding term, but old school coders claim to have not seen this as what proc is derived from until the days of EQ.
spec_proc – “Proc” is short for “spec_proc,” which means “special procedure,” a term used by Jeremy Elson in Circle-Mud.
Which one do I think it is? Honestly, I don't know, but I'm going with “process” because it's the one I've used most often in the past. I don't think we'll ever agree on what “proc” stands for, but I'd love to hear from some old school folk from the industry who may have a better idea. What can we agree on? One thing, for sure, is the definition:
A random chance of an effect triggering on something, generally a weapon or other piece of equipment, given certain stimuli. For example: If a sword has an exploding fire proc attached to it, and the proc has a chance to go off when the sword hits a creature, the sword is said to proc when that fire explodes after the sword makes contact with the creature. That's a pretty crappy definition, so I'm open to seeing better definitions as well.
Now that I've written this entire post, I pose the following challenge: Let's just scrap the search for what “proc” stands for and agree that “proc” is a word. It's a noun and it's a verb. A proc (noun) is the effect that triggers when something procs (verb). If something procs (verb), it means that the random chance of some effect triggering from specific stimuli actually did occur, and the effect that happened to trigger from the proc (noun) going off is also called a proc (noun).
Update: From an email that Raph Koster sent over:
Short for spec_proc (special procedure), which is a bit of code triggered to cover a special case that the default code doesn't handle. In the older muds there was almost no variation between what a given object could do. For example all weapons used the weapon type, then you could specify damage type (was it a sword or a mace), damage ranges, and so on. To get the weapon to do anything special, you had limited choices. Depending on the architecture, you could attach a spell to be cast, or could attach a script if the code supported it. In the codebases that Brad & co. played, the devs could not script, so the codebase allowed a pointer to a special hardcoded procedure to be entered in the weapon data. “Proc” is almost entirely EQ slang… Even in the muds, it wasn't that widely used because only some codebases used the term. It took EQ publicizing the inherited term to make it common knowledge.
Thanks for the insight, Raph.
VR is going to be big for China, and the country's top leader knows it.
The annual B20 (Business 20) summit, which gathers leaders of businesses from countries in the G20 (Group of 20) convention got underway this weekend in Hangzhou, capital of East China's Zhejiang Province. Opening the summit with a keynote speech was President Xi Jinping. In a 50-minute address, he spoke of China's need to establish an innovative world economy. That process, according to the president, will be aided by the growth of new technologies such as VR.
“First, we need to build an innovative world economy to generate new drivers of growth. Innovation holds the key to fundamentally unleashing the growth potential. The new round of scientific and industrial revolution with Internet at its core is gathering momentum, and new technologies such as artificial intelligence and virtual reality are developing by leaps and bounds,” he said. “The combination of the virtual economy and the real economy will bring revolutionary changes to our way of work and way of life.”
It was little more than a name drop, but the very mention of VR in a world leader's speech shows you just how big the arrival of the tech is. This isn't just a new toy for gamers, its the start of an entirely new industry that will help boost others. China itself is becoming a huge focus for VR at companies like HTC, which bases some of its investor and accelerator operations in Beijing. Sony is also leveraging Chinese developers to boost its PlayStation VR platform with more content.
If that wasn't enough, South Korean President Park Geun-hye also mentioned both VR and augmented reality (AR) during her address at G20 itself on Sunday. According to Yonhap News Agency, the president said that “Innovation in the fields of virtual and augmented reality, the Internet of Things, big data, as well as artificial intelligence is leading the fourth industrial revolution, and the origins of such changes are people's creative thinking and imaginative power.”
According to the president, these types of innovations are “the crux of South Korea's creative economy”.
It's great to see both VR and AR getting serious recognition from world leaders, especially in markets in which the tech is likely going to thrive. It still has a long way to go to really prove itself, however, and watching how it evolves to aid economies like those in China and South Korea is going to be fascinating.
The U.S., meanwhile, has put its president actually into VR recently, with a 360-degree video that celebrates the 100th anniversary of the company's national parks. It's not quite the same as addressing the tech at a gathering of world leaders, but it's still pretty cool.
Tagged with: china, economy
Sochi games' press release: “The Olympic patchwork quilt, developed by Bosco's creative department and given to the Sochi 2014 Organising Committee, will be the official Look of Russia's first Winter Games.
Our goal was to represent a diverse range of emotions and feelings, connecting concepts like Motherland, Family, Culture, Time, Olympism, Peace, Nobility, Friends, Memory, Honour, Dreams, Beauty, Freedom, Pride, Warmth, Happiness, Greatness, Reliability, Victory, Creativity, Hospitality, Creation, Future, Russia, Planet Earth.
Every region in the world is proud of its unique origins, and it is no different in Russia. That is why there are so many different local traditions, songs and crafts that highlight the individuality of their creators, each valuable in its own right. Bosco had a wealth of choices to represent Russia's rich diversity, but in the end we settled on something familiar, warm and welcoming: the patchwork quilt.
In the concept design, every patch was infused with the history and personality of traditional crafts from each of Russia's 89 regions: in a single tapestry we combined Uftyuzhskaya painting and Vologda lace, Gzhel and Zhostovo painting, Kubachi patterns and the flowers of Pavlo Posad shawls, Mezenskaya painting and Khokhloma, Yakutsk patterns, fabrics of Ivanovo and other distinctive Russian patterns. That is how we arrived at a modern, distinctive and unmistakeably Russian Look of the Games.”
http://sochi2014.bosco.ru/en/
The Olympic patchwork quilt
Winter Olympics posters pay homage to Kazimir Malevich.
Sochi games' press release: “The Sochi 2014 Organising Committee has unveiled the official posters of the Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games in Sochi, which reflect the core values of the Sochi 2014 brand. The posters are a key element of the Games and are designed to promote the Games and reflect the look and atmosphere of this global-scale sporting event.
In addition to the two official posters, a special collection of posters has also been released, illustrating the Games and Russia's national character. Imagery on the posters features the host city of the Games, including the warm sea and snow-capped mountains. These images also reflect Russia, where nature borders modern metropolises, and rich cultural heritage resonates with the spirit of innovation
The figures depicted on each poster symbolize equality and Paralympic spirit, steadfastness of character and the will to win. The creative design employed is reminiscent of the works of notable Russian artist Kazimir Malevich, a style which is identifiable for many in Russia. These colorful and inspirational posters will please fan and guests to the host city of the Paralympic Games while also highlighting the first Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games in Russia.”
More about the posters here: blog.paralympic.org/
Comments
comments
Chester, Pa. (January 11, 2011) - Philadelphia Union and Bimbo Bakeries USA today announced a four-year partnership agreement that will put one of the world's largest baking companies on the front of the Union team jersey and all team apparel. Philadelphia Union are the fifth professional soccer team to don the Bimbo logo, as Grupo Bimbo, the company's Mexican parent is also the jersey sponsor for three of Mexico's Primera Division teams, America, Chivas de Guadalajara and Monterrey, as well as Costa Rican professional team Deportiva Saprissa.
“Today's announcement is yet another defining moment in both Philadelphia Union's and Major League Soccer's history,” said Philadelphia Union CEO & Operating Partner Nick Sakiewicz. “The Union brand is about authenticity and you don't get more authentic than Bimbo. We're honored to partner with a major international company with a rich soccer tradition and longstanding commitment to world class products and outstanding customer service.
PHOTOS: Bimbo Jersey Sponsor Press Conference
“Finding the right partner to place on the Union jersey took some time but we wanted to make sure we partnered with an authentic company that shares our core values and commitment to the sport, fans and customers. We are proud to say that we have found that partner in Bimbo.”
Headquartered in Horsham, Pa., Bimbo Bakeries USA (BBU) operates 34 bakeries in the United States and distributes top brands such Arnold®, Oroweat®, Thomas'®, Entenmann's®, Stroehmann®, Mrs Baird's®, Freihofer's®, Bimbo® and Boboli® through more than 8,000 routes.
[inline_node:288539]
“Bimbo Bakeries USA is thrilled to become a part of the Philadelphia Union and Major League Soccer families,” said Vince Melchiorre, Senior Vice President of Bimbo Bakeries USA. “Grupo Bimbo has long been a supporter of the sport of soccer worldwide and putting our name on the jersey of Philadelphia's hometown soccer team is a perfect fit as we continue to build our Bimbo brand with U.S. consumers.”
Additionally, the sponsorship gives Bimbo the right to use MLS League and Club marks along with logos and marketing assets at League and select Club events such as the MLS All-Star Game and MLS Cup, Major League Soccer's championship game. Bimbo will run a nationwide “Soccer Mom of the Year” promotion, with the winner earning a trip to MLS Cup 2011.
“Major League Soccer is proud to welcome Bimbo to the North American soccer family,” said Kathy Carter, President of Soccer United Marketing, MLS' marketing arm. “Bimbo has made a long-term commitment to our sport, both at the Club and the League level. This is a company that is well-respected internationally and we look forward to working together as we both continue to grow our business.”
Bimbo Bakeries has also pledged to support youth soccer in the Delaware Valley, including organizations such as the Eastern Pennsylvania Youth Soccer Association and the Delaware Youth Soccer Association.
ABOUT KEYSTONE SPORTS AND ENTERTAINMENT LLC
Keystone Sports and Entertainment, LLC, is the ownership group of Philadelphia Union and is comprised of Chairman/Owner Jay Sugarman, CEO and Operating Partner Nick Sakiewicz, Christopher Buccini, Robert Buccini and David Pollin, founding partners of The Buccini/Pollin Group. The group launched the Philadelphia Union's inaugural season on March 25, 2010 and opened PPL Park, the brand new $122 million soccer specific stadium on the Chester Waterfront, on June 27, 2010. PPL Park, the home of Philadelphia Union, holds approximately 18,500 seats and will host various events throughout the year. For more information about Philadelphia Union, visit www.philadelphiaunion.com.
ABOUT BIMBO BAKERIES USA
Bimbo Bakeries USA (BBU) operates 34 bakeries in the United States and distributes top brands such as Arnold®, Bimbo®, Boboli®, Brownberry®, Entenmann's®, Francisco®, Freihofer's®, Marinela®, Oroweat®, Stroehmann®, Thomas'®, and Tia Rosa,® through more than 8,000 routes. Bimbo Bakeries USA is headquartered in Horsham, PA, and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Mexico's Grupo Bimbo, S.A.B de C.V., one of the world's largest baking companies with over 102,000 associates and operations in 17 countries throughout the Americas and China.
ABOUT MAJOR LEAGUE SOCCER
Headquartered in New York City, Major League Soccer is the top-flight professional soccer league in the United States and Canada. MLS features many stars from the U.S., Canada, and around the world. Major League Soccer's 16th season, which will feature 18 clubs each playing 34 regular season matches, will kick off on Tuesday, March 15, 2011. Those clubs include Chicago Fire; Chivas USA; 2010 MLS Cup champion Colorado Rapids; Columbus Crew; D.C. United; FC Dallas; Houston Dynamo; LA Galaxy; New York Red Bulls; New England Revolution; Philadelphia Union; Real Salt Lake; San Jose Earthquakes; Seattle Sounders FC; Sporting Kansas City; Toronto FC; and, in their inaugural seasons, Portland Timbers and Vancouver Whitecaps. An expansion team in Montreal will debut in 2012. For more information about MLS, log on to the League's official website at www.MLSsoccer.com.
(John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are his own)
By John Kemp
LONDON, July 15 (Reuters) - Iran has big ambitions to increase oil and gas production once sanctions are lifted but a substantial increase in exports is probably years away.
The country has the world's fourth-largest proved reserves of crude oil (behind Venezuela, Saudi Arabia and Canada) and the largest proved reserves of natural gas (ahead of Qatar and Russia), according to BP.
It is the oldest major oil producer in the Middle East and output peaked at more than 6 million barrels per day (bpd) in 1974 (link.reuters.com/ryq25w).
But decades of revolution, war and sanctions have cut production of crude and condensates to just 3.6 million bpd in 2014 (“BP Statistical Review of World Energy” 2015).
In contrast, Saudi Arabia, Iran's main rival, has raised liquids output from 8.6 million bpd in 1974 to 11.5 million bpd in 2014.
RECOVERY HOPES
Sanctions imposed by the United States and the European Union amid concerns about Iran's nuclear programme have hit Iran's production and exports particularly hard.
Exports of crude and condensates have been cut from 2.6 million bpd in 2011 to 1.4 million bpd in 2014, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration (“Under sanctions, Iran's crude oil exports have nearly halved in three years” June 24).
Following the conclusion of the nuclear negotiations with the major powers, Iran hopes to raise oil production and exports significantly.
Oil Minister Bijan Zanganeh has stated the country will reclaim its former market share and could raise exports by 500,000 bpd immediately after sanctions are lifted and boost production to 4 million bpd in less than three months.
“We want to reach our pre-sanctions capacity,” the managing director of the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC) said in a newspaper interview published on Wednesday.
“Iran's oil production capacity was 4 million barrels a day before the sanctions. We can reach that if there is demand in the market,” he said.
Iranian officials have spoken of raising production to 5 million bpd or more over the longer term by attracting foreign investment and have opened preliminary discussions with international majors.
Even a small addition to production and exports could have a big impact on prices given the oversupplied state of the global oil market.
But it is likely to be some years before significant amounts of extra crude are made available to the market on a sustained basis.
FOUR STAGES
Iran's oil production and exports are likely to rise in four stages, with timescales ranging from a few weeks to five years or more.
First, the country will probably release the crude and condensates currently stored on tankers it has not been able to sell as a result of sanctions.
Most estimates put crude and condensates in floating storage at 30-40 million barrels, enough to boost exports by around 200,000-250,000 bpd for up to six months.
In theory, Iran could unwind floating storage faster, in just a month or two, but it would have to accept large discounts. Policymakers will probably want to raise the best price possible by releasing the oil gradually.
In the second stage, Iran will re-open existing wells it has been forced to shut in or choke back during the sanctions period because it could not sell the output.
Reactivating newly shut in or choked wells is fairly straightforward and explains why Iran's oil minister predicted that it could raise output to pre-sanctions levels within “a short time”.
In the third stage, Iran will attempt to counter natural declines and boost production from existing fields by injecting more natural gas and repressurising them.
Iran's oil fields, many of them in the naturally fractured Asmari limestone, have been excellent producers. The best wells have produced at rates of up to 80,000 barrels per day for years at a time.
However, many of the fields have been producing for more than 50 years and are now very mature.
Fractured carbonate reservoirs such as Iran's require gas injection to maintain field pressure and enhance oil recovery.
Existing reservoirs have suffered from decades of neglect and need substantial investment to maximise their production potential.
It will take at least two to three years to reinvigorate existing fields with more gas injection and new wells, and probably requires foreign technology and expertise.
In the fourth stage, Iran will attempt to develop new fields which have already been identified but not put into production and explore for new ones.
There has been relatively little exploration and development work since the revolution so the country has high hopes of finding and developing much more oil using modern technology.
But the fourth stage, where Iran hopes to attract investment from foreign oil firms, will take at least five years to come to fruition.
TIMELINE
Under the deal finalised between Iran and the major powers in Vienna on July 14, Iran will not receive any sanctions relief until the International Atomic Energy Agency verifies the country has complied with transparency measures related to its nuclear programme.
In practice, under the timeline set out in Annex V of the deal, sanctions will not be lifted until January 2016 at the earliest, and possibly some months later.
If that proves to be the case, oil from floating storage could be released adding 250,000 bpd to the market in the first half of 2016.
The re-opening of shut-in wells under stage two could then boost output by up to 800,000 or even 1 million bpd by the end of 2016.
Repressurisation of existing fields would then sustain and perhaps grow output from existing fields during 2017 and 2018.
New field developments and fresh discoveries are unlikely to occur any time before 2019 or 2020 at the earliest.
This is the most optimistic scenario. In practice, disagreements over compliance with the nuclear accord, disputes over the terms of foreign investment, and a range of field engineering problems could easily delay plans to boost output at every stage.
Then there are questions about the conditions of the reservoirs. No one knows how much damage has been done to the fields during the years of revolution, war and sanctions. Fields can suffer various forms of damage, some of which is irreversible, if they are not carefully managed.
FOREIGN RELATIONS
Iran's oil resources are attractive to foreign oil companies because the geology is reasonably well understood, the fields are conventional and they are located onshore.
There are significant above-ground risks from corruption and political relations between Iran and the Western powers. But there is much less below-ground risk than frontier projects in the Arctic or ultra-deepwater.
Iran has achieved large increases in output over relatively short periods of time in the past.
Production increased by almost 1 million bpd between 1954 and 1960 after the country settled disputes stemming from nationalisation of the assets of the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company (forerunner of BP).
In the aftermath of the revolution and the outbreak of war with Iraq, output rose by 1.2 million bpd from a low of just 1.3 million bpd in 1981 to 2.5 million bpd in 1983.
Between 2002 and 2008, production rose by almost 800,000 bpd before the country's international isolation began to deepen again.
Large increases in output are possible over a 2-5 year time frame but only if international conditions remain favourable and foreign investors are confident enough to supply capital, technology and expertise. (Editing by David Evans)
originally posted by: audubon
a reply to: proximo
She is basically inferring she believes Seth Rich was killed by Hillary, and that she feared the same fate for knowing what she knows.
Struggling to see how you got to that conclusion. From the way that the material is sequenced in the Post's article, it reads as though Brazile was afraid of Russian assassins. At least, the bits immediately before the Seth Rich remarks are about Russian espionage, and so are the bits immediately after the Seth Rich remarks.
(And why would the "Killer Clintons" let Ms Brazile publish such a damaging book anyway? Are their private hit-squads meant to be on strike, or something?)
edit on 4-11-2017 by proximo because: (no reason given)
Well, yes it does suggest it is the Russians she is scared of - but why?Why would the Russians want to kill Brazile? If Seth Rich was the source of some of the emails - and Assange has all but named him as such - and he was a russian asset, maybe I could see them wanting to kill him to tie up lose ends or something, but that only makes sense if we are going to expose them or something.Hillary on the other hand would want him dead to prevent any more leaks. Hillary also would not want Brazil talking for what she learned about how the Hillary campaign had rigged the primary, and what she knew about her health issues.I don't know it just makes more sense to me she would be afraid of Hillary if she is mentioning Seth Rich's death in the same breath as being in fear for her own, as I think she had much more of a motive to kill her than Russia ever did. That and I am one that believes where there is smoke there is fire when it comes to the clintons and the dozens of suspicious deaths of people who had potential dirt on them.I guess the one thing this statement makes clear is she as head of the DNC did not believe Seth Richs death was a robbery gone wrong - and that is a huge story by itself.
A prosecutor in the Dominican Republic has filed charges against five policemen and a naval officer for the murder of two men in 2009, in what Amnesty International called a key case that points to the pressing need for radical police reform in the Caribbean country. On 19 January the Prosecutor's office in north-western Montecristi province filed the charges against the officers for their responsibility for killing William de Jesús Checo and Cecilio Díaz, who were shot dead on 10 October 2009. Amnesty International has campaigned for justice for the men's killings, and raised the case in a meeting with the Prosecutor General late last year. “After more than three years, the decision to formally charge these police officers and move on with legal proceedings is a major advance, and we hope the investigation and prosecution will look into how high up the police chain of command the responsibility lies for these killings,” said Javier Zúñiga, Special Adviser to Amnesty International. “Hopefully the developments in this case will push the Dominican authorities to press forward with the announced comprehensive reform of the National Police force, which is implicated in hundreds of cases of killings and torture every year.”On 10 October 2009, the officers who have now been charged allegedly shot Checo and Díaz dead in Copey, Villa Vásquez in Montecristi province. According to the police, they were both wanted in relation to the kidnapping of Eduardo Baldera Gómez, a young man who had gone missing a month earlier in the north-eastern town of Nagua. The National Police claimed that the two men died in a shoot-out between gang members and the responding officers, but an investigation launched by the Prosecutor General in November 2009 refuted that claim, concluding that: “The large number of gunshots fired at both victims and their trajectory indicated that the alleged exchange of gunfire did not take place and that there was intent to kill the two men.”The Dominican authorities have yet to deliver justice in other cases of human rights violations related to the Baldera Gómez abduction – including the disappearance of Juan Almonte on 28 September 2009. In its recent announcement, the Prosecutor General's office stated that human rights violations by state agents will not be tolerated in the future. “The announced zero-tolerance policy for human rights violations by Dominican state agents is a very positive break from the past, but the case of William de Jesús Checo and Cecilio Díaz is just one of many examples of why measures must be put in place to prevent human rights violations and ensure the wholesale reform of the National Police,” said Zúñiga. Hundreds of people are killed by police violence in the Dominican Republic every year, and justice is either non-existent or slow in coming. In its October 2011 report, “Shut up if you don't want to be killed”, Amnesty International documented a number of cases of those killed unlawfully by police.In November 2012, the President appointed yet another commission for the police reform tasked of presenting a proposal for reforming the police, including a draft organic law of the National Police. The President is expected to shortly submit the draft law to the Congress.
If there is one thing that educators, business leaders and policymakers broadly agree on, it's that skills in technology, science and math are essential to our future economic potential. Indeed, with countries around the world now prioritizing the development of so-called “e-skills,” it's no surprise that new measures to address Canada's skills gap were among the signature initiatives in the federal government's new budget last week. As governments strive to re-energize growth and job creation, policymakers in all countries are confronting key questions about how best to equip today's workforce with the skills to be successful in a world of intense technological change and global competition.
Are governments, educational institutions and private sector really doing enough to close the growing gap in skills in the data-and-science-driven industries of the future? And might we be vastly underestimating the depth of the social and economic dislocations we could face as technology reshapes the world we live in?
Not that long ago, you may recall that IBM's Watson—one of the world's most sophisticated supercomputers—handily defeated two trivia superstars in a round of jeopardy. In fact, the contest wasn't even close, a reality which should give every white collar worker today pause to think about how technology-driven automation and artificial intelligence could affect our future.
As MIT economists Eric Brynjolfsson and Andrew McAfee argued so persuasively in their new book Race Against the Machine, we need to understand that the artificial intelligence revolution is beginning to do to white collar jobs what robotics and offshoring has already done to blue collar jobs in Europe and North America (check out McAfee talking about this at TED).
Computers are already replacing workers with only moderate cognitive or manual skills in many industries—people who perform routine tasks such as product assembly, process monitoring, administrative support, basic information brokering and simple software coding. Even boiler plate legal work can be done by machines, just as X-Rays scanned into computers can be interpreted by medical professionals on the other side of the world. If you fear your job may be at risk, check out Gary Marcus' recent piece in the New Yorker.
If there is good news, it's that there are endless creative uses for technology that computers can neither invent nor automate, which is why young people today must be encouraged to see technology through a much broader lens and as much more than basic IT skills. The ability to write code or manipulate statistical data are hugely desirable skills, to be sure. But the ability to envision how complex processes and institutions can be reinvented using technology is equally valuable, and this is one area where people with more of a social-science persuasion have a potential advantage.
Society needs to redefine what a career in technology means. Most people think of the back office and the quintessential IT Guy, an image that hardly helps advertise the exciting potential of IT-related careers. We need a much more expansive vision and understanding of what IT-related careers entail particularly when it comes to applications of technology in fields like education, health or energy, and of course how IT can be leveraged to operate successful companies in today's environment. Business need cross-disciplinary thinking more than ever and people with the ability to fuse technology literacy with leading-edge research from psychology, sociology and economics, for example.
Technology is underpinning a profound shift in our society — a shift that could be analogous to the impact the rise of the printing press had on the system of feudalism that dominated European society some five centuries ago. We have already seen profound changes in the way we work, the way we communicate and the way we inform, educate and entertain ourselves. Major industries have been upended and reshaped by technology and more transformative changes are looming in everything from healthcare, education and science, to the way we produce and consume energy, to the nature of government and democracy.
There is little doubt that we will need to dramatically swell the ranks of coders and data scientists to successfully navigate these changes in society. But we will also require people with softer skills, especially those who can bring a multidimensional understanding of the social uses of technology. Bringing disciplines together can foster a deeper appreciation for technology across the population and help seed creative new applications in every sector. It might also be our best hope of addressing the jobs crisis in North America and Europe, one that stands to get a lot worse if we don't broaden our thinking about the kind of skills required for an age where machines outsmart humans.
According to multiple people who have either seen or have been briefed on the upcoming iOS 7, the operating system sports a redesigned user-interface that will be attractive to new iOS users, but potentially unsettling for those who are long-accustomed to the platform…
The new interface is said to be “very, very flat,” according to one source. Another person said that the interface loses all signs of gloss, shine, and skeuomorphism seen across current and past versions of iOS. Another source framed the new OS as having a level of “flatness” approaching recent releases of Microsoft's Windows Phone “Metro” UI.
“Flat” design is based on simplicity and pushes aside heavy textures and digital metaphors of real-life objects found in skeumorphic interfaces. “Flatness” could also point to a more streamlined interface across the entire system that can stand the test of time.
For example, younger generations of iOS users may not resonate well with a yellow notepad (as found in the current iOS Notes app) or the leather-bound calendar app.
iOS has typically been regarded as an easy-to-use, intuitive operating system. The Company even seems to say as much on its iOS webpage (shown directly below). With its large user-base and market attraction, Apple obviously does not want to make any design changes that make the software more difficult to use.
While the look of the updated system may be surprising to some, iOS 7 is reportedly not more difficult to use than earlier versions of software platform. There is apparently no new learning curve in the same way there was no learning curve when the iPods went color. While iOS 7 does look different, its core apps and system fundamentals (like the Lock and Home screens) mostly operate in a similar fashion to how they do today.
iOS 7 is codenamed “Innsbruck,” according to three people familiar with the OS. The interface changes include an all-new icon set for Apple's native apps in addition to newly designed tool bars, tab bars, and other fundamental interface features across the system. iOS devices running the next-generation software reportedly have polarizing filters to decrease viewing angles of on-lookers.
In addition to losing the complex interface design characteristics from earlier versions of iOS, Apple has been discussing and testing ways to add more ‘glance-able' information and system options panels, like Notification Center, to the software. While it is still uncertain if Apple will end up including such new functionality in iOS 7, or how the Company will implement the potential addition, one of the early ideas was to implement the new panels via swipes from the left and right side of an iOS device's display. This would be similar to the gesture on Apple's Mac trackpads for accessing Notification Center in Mountain Lion, but what, specifically, the iOS gesture could access is uncertain.
Prior to announcing and launching new versions of iOS, Apple tests many various implementations for features. For example, Apple had toyed with the idea of having an Expose-like Multitasking interface for iOS 4, but ended up choosing the linen-backed bottom drawer that we are now accustomed to.
Apple's redesigned iOS experience stems from Apple Senior Vice President of Industrial Design Jony Ive now spearheading interface design. With former Senior Vice President of iOS Scott Forstall leaving Apple late last year, influence on software design was handed over to Ive. Ive is long-known as the king behind Apple's many hardware successes like the iPad, iPhone, iPod, and Mac computers.
In an interview early last year, Ive shared his lack of connection to the software that runs on his hardware.
When I mention the fake stitching, Ive offers a wince but it's a gesture of sympathy rather than a suggestion that he dislikes such things. At least, that's how I read it. He refuses to be drawn on the matter, offering a diplomatic reply: “My focus is very much working with the other teams on the product ideas and then developing the hardware and so that's our focus and that's our responsibility. In terms of those elements you're talking about, I'm not really connected to that.”
Matching the information about iOS 7 gaining a “flatter” interface design, a profile of Apple's internal software design work paints Ive as against flashy, skeumorphic interfaces:
Inside Apple, tension has brewed for years over the issue. Apple iOS SVP Scott Forstall is said to push for skeuomorphic design, while industrial designer Jony Ive and other Apple higher-ups are said to oppose the direction. “You could tell who did the product based on how much glitz was in the UI,” says one source intimately familiar with Apple's design process.
Apple's change in interface philosophy under Jony Ive and Tim Cook is also a radical departure from Apple under Steve Jobs.
Jobs, according to the same profile of Apple's design work, was, like Forstall, a proponent of life-like interfaces.
But before Forstall, it was Steve Jobs who encouraged the skeuomorphic approach, some say. “iCal's leather-stitching was literally based on a texture in his Gulfstream jet,” says the former senior UI designer. “There was lots of internal email among UI designers at Apple saying this was just embarrassing, just terrible.”
While one of our sources paints the iOS 7 design changes as changes that will gain the appreciation of some and the surprise of others, Apple CEO Tim Cook seems excited and confident about what the company has in store. During the question-and-answer session of the Q1 2013 earnings call, responding to a question regarding Apple's software updates for 2013, Cook said, “we feel great about what we have got in store.”
Based on Cook's past comments and moves to further integrate both Apple's products and its internal culture, Cook's choice to put Ive in charge of software design also seems to stem from Cook's admiration of integrated experiences. In a wide-ranging interview with Bloomberg BusinessWeek earlier this year, Cook addressed Forstall's ousting from Apple and Ive's new work on software design as a way to further unify Apple's hardware and software:
Jony [Ive, senior vice president of industrial design], who I think has the best taste of anyone in the world and the best design skills, now has responsibility for the human interface. I mean, look at our products. (Cook reaches for his iPhone.) The face of this is the software, right? And the face of this iPad is the software. So it's saying, Jony has done a remarkable job leading our hardware design, so let's also have Jony responsible for the software and the look and feel of the software, not the underlying architecture and so forth, but the look and feel.
Over the past couple of months, Apple seems to have been hinting at an impending shift in its software design philosophy.
Earlier this year, Apple released an updated version of its Podcasts app for iPhone and iPad in order to simplify some design elements (comparison shown above). Prior to that recent update, the application included a physical “tape deck” interface for the user to manipulate in order to move through a podcast.
Additionally, Apple's WWDC 2013 logo, the art for the conference in which iOS 7 will be announced, has sparked speculation about flat interface design with its modern, lightweight text and other elements. Indeed, one source claims that Apple's Game Center icon and interface materials will be somewhat akin to the colorful nature of the WWDC 2013 logo. Because of its casino-like, green-felt design, Apple's current Game Center app has been widely panned by proponents of flat software interface design.
Also, Apple highlights iPad and iPhone applications on its homepage that include flat-interface designs. For example, the home page touting the full-sized iPad and iPad mini highlights former Apple employee Loren Brichter's popular Letterpress game. Letterpress has been regarded by many as a simple to use, “easy-on-the-eyes” game for its flat textured interface.
With Apple's vibrant iOS application development community, the prospects of a redesigned iOS go beyond Apple's apps and core interface functions. Internal to the third-party iOS app community, some fear that Apple's interface changes could deem App Store apps, that are currently built to look consistent with Apple's own interface, outdated.
AppHero's Jordan Satok, who has a comprehensive view of the App Store ecosystem, points out that iOS interface changes will likely not pose challenges for all developers.
“When we started building iOS apps almost 5 years ago, most apps looked the same. Apple did an amazing job designing UIKit to provide a really consistent user experience across apps,” he said. “As the App Store has grown, and the types of apps being built have evolved, designers and developers have pioneered new interface styles and concepts.”
Because many apps are picking up unique interface designs, Apple's changes to its core software will likely not make much of a difference to these developers. Nonetheless, it is likely that once iOS 7 is announced, developers that have followed Apple's own past iOS design trends will quickly move to enhance their App Store apps to follow some of Apple's changes.
Apple's next version of OS X will include some design changes, but the changes will not be as notable as the aforementioned enhancements to iOS.
Chip Kelly and Bill Davis have everyone guessing. They won't come out and say what the defensive scheme will be. They won't let the players say anything. We're all pretty sure this is going to be a 3-4 or 4-3 Under, but the coaches want to keep things a mystery as long as they can.
I'm assuming this is being done to help with the draft. If other teams don't know exactly what the Eagles will run, they'll have a harder time pegging exactly what the Eagles are looking for. I'm sure Kelly would love the mystery to help keep opposing teams from knowing how to prepare for the Eagles, but teams will know what's going on by July, when Training Camp starts.
Practice highlights and player interviews may give away schematic info before then. Right now the players say publicly that they don't know what is going to happen, but I find that hard to believe. I don't think they've been given a playbook, but these guys need to adjust their bodies to fit the position they'll play.
Vinny Curry is up to 274 pounds, per Jeff McLane. This shows you he's gaining weight and preparing to play DE.
Check out this quote from Brandon Graham on what he and Trent Cole are up to…or should I say down to:
“I still don't know what we're going to run. The other D-linemen, me and Trent talked like, ‘you ready to make this change if we have to?' I was like, ‘shoot I'll be ready,'” Graham said. “[Cole] told me he got down too. He got his weight down so he'll be able to cover and play in space. That is the biggest thing because we know we can rush the passer, but we just have to make sure when we start dropping we know what to do.”
Graham's goal is to be at 260. You can bet Cole will be in that same range.
Fan and media speculation has been creative, to say the least. I've had people suggest that Vinny Curry could play the 3-tech in the 4-3 Under. I've had people suggest Graham play the 3-tech. Lots of people have suggested Trent Cole play the 5-tech role. Everyone's goal is to find a way to get the best players on the field at the same time. I applaud the creative thinking, but it doesn't sound like the coaches are going to be that elaborate.
Sounds like Cole and Graham will be OLBs in the base looks and DEs in the Nickel/Dime looks. That allows them to rush the passer and play in space. Yes, they will have to learn to drop in coverage, but that won't be a primary duty. I think they can be functionally effective at that role. You won't be able to start both of them and Connor Barwin. My guess right now is that Graham and Barwin will start. That's strictly a guess, though. And really, the key here is that as Chip Kelly likes to say…the players will make the depth chart. Who plays best will dictate who starts and who plays most.
As for Curry, his role is still less defined. In the base defense he'll be a 5-tech DE. If Curry is 274 now, he'll be in the 280-285 range by July. He'll lose some weight in Camp so he'll probably be around 280 when the season begins. Is that big enough? Clearly the Eagles think so. They wouldn't put him at the 5-tech sp0t unless they saw something worth developing. If Cole were 5 years younger, maybe they'd put him at the 5-tech spot. Curry is young enough that he can develop his body and adjust his skill set over time to be a good fit there. 2013 won't determine if this is the right move. They have time to work with him and let him learn the spot.
Curry could be used creatively in sub-packages. At the Senior Bowl he played DT in some sets and showed the ability to be a good inside rusher. Maybe the Eagles would line him up at the 3-tech in some sets. Maybe they'll put him on the edge and let him rush as a standard DE. We won't know what kind of plans they'll have for him. Curry offers versatility and the coaches may wait to see him in action before deciding on the best ways to use him in the sub-packages.
I'm looking forward to finding out what's going to happen with the scheme and players, but for now we've only got some hints.
* * * * *
LB Rolando McClain is finalizing a deal with the Ravens. Smart move by him and interesting move by the Ravens. The veteran leadership on that team is way down without Ray and Ed Reed so you can't automatically expect players to fall into place anymore. Still, McClain has big time upside. Worth the risk since he was just a cheap free agent.
* * * * *
I forgot to post a link to the new MAQB column by Gimpy. He wrote about the QB prospects in the draft.
David Syvertsen has written some draft previews for the AFC North and East, if you're interested.
_
Footage has been released online purportedly showing members of an extremist Hindu organization thrash a Muslim man in India's northern and most populous state of Uttar Pradesh.
Videos posted on social media networks show radicals from the Bajrang Dal organization, whose ideology is based on fundamentalist Hindutva, verbally abusing the victim as a fanatic mercilessly beats the man, identified as Riyaz, with a belt in the city of Muzaffarnagar, situated approximately 130 kilometers (80 miles) north of the capital, New Delhi, and in front of a large number of onlookers.
The ill-fated Muslim man is being tormented on the accusations that he was attempting to slaughter a cow in Shamli district of the city. Riyaz, however, has dismissed the claims and said he was just present at the site, where the cow was allegedly being slaughtered.
The video further shows Indian police forces arresting the victim, while taking no actions against Bajrang Dal extremists.
Meanwhile, local civil groups have blamed Samajwadi Party and Bharatiya Janata Party – the two major Indian political parties – of rekindling sectarian strife in Muzaffarnagar.
In September 2013, clashes between Muslims and Hindus in the Shamli and Muzaffarnagar districts of Uttar Pradesh state killed more than 50 and left 50,000 displaced. Many among the Muslim community fled their homes seeking shelter at relief camps.
A total of 294 people were arrested over the violence, despite nearly 6,000 being named as suspects.
Displaced Indian Muslims said their makeshift homes were being demolished by the state government in order to avoid negative media attention, following a report that revealed 34 children had died in the relief camps.
MP/NN/HMV
Black Goat Is Sacrificed On Tarmac Of Pakistani Airport
Enlarge this image toggle caption Farooq Naeem /AFP/Getty Images Farooq Naeem /AFP/Getty Images
Sunday was a bad day for a certain goat in Pakistan.
Employees of Pakistan's national airline took a black goat to the tarmac, near an ATR-42 aircraft that was ready to depart on a domestic flight from the Islamabad airport, and sacrificed the animal.
"PIA lampooned for bizarre goat slaughter," read the headline in Pakistan's Express Tribune.
PIA is Pakistan International Airlines, which had grounded its fleet of ATR turboprop passenger planes after a Dec. 7 crash of an ATR killed all 47 people on board. The flight on Sunday was the first by an ATR since then.
It wasn't PIA's idea to bring a goat into the mix. Airline spokesperson Danyal Gillani issued what was no doubt the first airline statement about goat sacrifice in the history of aviation: "It was done by some local employees as a gesture of gratitude over the clearance of the first ATR [for flying]." Animal sacrifice is a part of Islamic tradition and can be found in other religions as well (see Leviticus 23:19).
And the goat's color was significant. Some Pakistanis believe that a black goat is particularly effective as a way to counteract black magic and the evil eye.
In defense of the sacrifice, a Twitter user who goes by MisBis wrote: "There's nothing wrong in giving Sadqua [a charitable offering] ... Sadqa bari balao se bachata hai [it hedges against many troubles] ... stop making it a joke."
But the Pakistan International Airlines Pilots Association was not happy. "When you slaughter an animal in the middle of a major airport next to an aircraft, it is bound to attract attention," said a representative.
That it did, thanks to Twitter. And of course many people couldn't resist cracking wise.
A blogger for the Dawn newspaper, a national English-language daily in Pakistan, noted:
(Editor's note: Yes, I always thought "mutton" referred to sheep meat, but in Pakistan, India, Bangladesh and some other countries, "mutton" refers to goat meat and "lamb" refers to a sheep dinner.)
And some folks were just sad for the goat. A commenter on the Times of India website wrote: "Poor Goat! But, breaking coconut [another type of sacrificial offering] is cheaper and less messy."
Meanwhile, the BBC asks: "Did Sunday night's sacrifice help?" Their answer: "All we can say is the flight departed safely for Multan, and later returned to Islamabad."
Final Fantasy XV shown behind closed doors at Paris Games Week [Update 3: Footage leaked]
Remember: Tabata's Active Time Report is airing tomorrow.
Square Enix showed 15 minutes of new Final Fantasy XV footage during a behind-closed-doors event at Paris Games Expo this evening.
The first demo, which was 10 minutes in length, focused on the fields of Final Fantasy XV, showcasing large stone arches, vehicles on the road, a gas station, and a lake where four-legged creatures that look like a cross between an elephant and giraffe with the head of a boar come to drink.
It moved from plains to a dense forest, and after a few minutes, Noctis and his crew found themselves in a somewhat industrial area. By this point, night had already fallen, the birds had flown away, and small goblins and an enemy in the form of a hydra had appeared. Tabata noted that the enemies you come across will be different depending on the time of day.
Somewhere near a grove, chocobos were visible in the distance. Tabata also said there will be various mini-games available, too—like fishing.
The second demo, which ran for five minutes, showcased the graphics engine of the game, including its day/night cycle, caves, modern cities, skin textures, facial animations, hair modeling, terrain editor, and artificial intelligence.
Currently, Final Fantasy XV is using Luminous Engine 1.4, which is a combination of the Ebony and Luminous engines. The demo, which will apparently be available in March 2015 when Final Fantasy Type-0 HD launches, will use Luminous Engine 1.5. The final game is planned to use Luminous Engine 2.0.
Square Enix will host “Tabata's Active Time Report” tomorrow, which should bring new information and likely the footage shown to press today to the public domain. It will air on YouTube at 20:00 Japan time / 4:00 a.m. PDT / 7:00 a.m. EDT.
Thanks, GameBlog and Finaland.
Update: An off-screen video of the second demo showcasing the graphics engine has leaked online. Watch it below. A backup is available for download here.
Update 2: A second off-screen video has leaked, this time from the gameplay demo. Watch it below. A backup is available here.
Update 3: Here's the final video, following up on the previous video which is cut short. Watch it below. A backup is available here.
Police to investigate MI6 over alleged complicity in torture BelfastTelegraph.co.uk The metropolitan police are to investigate MI6, the secret intelligence service, over alleged complicity in the torture of a terror suspect, in the second criminal investigation of the conduct of British intelligence officers in the war on the terror to be announced this year. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/police-to-investigate-mi6-over-alleged-complicity-in-torture-28494549.html
Email
The metropolitan police are to investigate MI6, the secret intelligence service, over alleged complicity in the torture of a terror suspect, in the second criminal investigation of the conduct of British intelligence officers in the war on the terror to be announced this year.
Now there are calls for a full public inquiry into the activities of the security and the intelligence services in their joint operations with the CIA.
Police have already begun an investigation into MI5's possible complicity in the alleged torture of the British resident and former Guantanamo inmate Binyam Mohammed.
It is understood that MI6 referred the second case to the Attorney General, Baroness Scotland, after a review of its joint operations and intelligence-sharing with the CIA in connection with the interrogations of several terror suspects, many of whom have been or are still being held at Guantanamo.
The Foreign Office and the Metropolitan Police declined to name the second man at the centre of the inquiry, but speculation has centred on Abu Zubayda, the Saudi-born al-Qai'da leader subjected to beatings and waterboarding by the CIA.
Last month, the US Attorney General, Eric Holder, announced a criminal investigation into the interrogation techniques used by the CIA. MI6 were known to be interested in Zubayda because of his links to British terror cells. Any report published by the US government may incriminate British officers who worked with the CIA.
Scotland Yard said Baronness Scotland, asked it to investigate "the conditions under which a non-Briton was held" and the "potential involvement of British personnel".
Clara Gutteridge, the Secret Prisons and Renditions Investigator at the human rights charity, Reprieve, said: "By blaming a few bad apples, the British Secret Services are allowing government ministers to avoid responsibility for crimes committed under their watch. It is highly suspicious that the government still refuses to publish its guidelines to agents [on dealing with evidence of torture] from the period in question. Sadly, it seems that only a full public inquiry will force our government to come clean on these allegations."
Only last month, Sir John Scarlett, the head of MI6, said there was "no torture and no complicity in torture" by SIS officers. A Metropolitan Police spokesman said: "We can confirm that the Attorney General asked the Metropolitan Police to investigate a case that was a referral from the Secret Intelligence Service. The police said that the case was unrelated to the ongoing investigation into MI5's complicity in the alleged torture of Binyam Mohamed.
Victims of the war on terror? The allegations
Shaker Aamer
British resident who accused MI6 of complicity in his torture when he was held by the Americans in Afghanistan in 2002. He alleges that MI6 officers were present during his torture which he alleges includes having his head banged against a wall. He is still being held in Guantanamo Bay despite the British government's request for his release.
Mustafa Setmarian Nasser
A Spanish citizen of Syrian origin, held by the US on suspicion of terrorist activities. Mustafa Nasar was seized in Pakistan in 2005 and handed to US forces. He was then secretly flown to the British Overseas Territory, Diego Garcia and almost certainly held there. Since then, he has disappeared. He has links to Britain and may have been questioned by MI6 officers.
Abu Zubayda
A Saudi-born al-Qai'da leader who was subjected to beatings and waterboarding by the CIA. He is accused of helping to recruit agents in the UK and may have been interrogated by MI6 officers. Eric Holder, the US Attorney General, is looking at possible criminal charges against the CIA officers. His report could implicate MI6.
Source: Independent
Belfast Telegraph
There used to be a college hockey coach who would talk about the importance of getting more scoring chances than your opposition, and cite stats that showed his team was really good at doing so.
But when pressed for definitions as to how he and his coaching staff defined scoring chances, he would explain that these only represented shots on goal from between and below the circles. So, if his team gave up a 2-on-0 that, after a bit of passing interchange between the two opponents, ended up with a guy misfiring on the shot and putting the puck wide while looking at a wide open net at the top of the crease, then by this definition, it was not a scoring chance. This coach would say something along the lines of, “If you missed the net, you really didn't have a chance to score.”
Now, there's a twisted logic to that definition of a scoring chance — if a guy hits the post on a breakaway, that's somehow also not a scoring chance in the strictest sense of the word — but what it does is give the team which at that time wasn't all that good a little wiggle room to say, “Well, at least we out-chanced the opponents and we have to do just a little bit more to bury our chances and win some more games.”
Scroll to continue with content Ad
It also highlights just how liberally and broadly the term “scoring chance” can be applied in this sport in a number of different ways.
[Play Yahoo Daily Fantasy and get a 100% deposit bonus with your first deposit]
Story continues
But I think most coaches would generally agree that regardless of how they actually define what is or is not a scoring chance, giving up shot attempts between and below the circles — this is sometimes referred to as the “home plate” area of the ice — is a pretty bad idea because it's generally going to lead to more goals against. These are areas where shots on goal indisputably have a much better chance at going in, regardless of whether you buy into any number of metrics that are used to describe goaltending performance, including that “Royal Road” nonsense. That's also regardless of a team's ability to collapse around its own net, block shots, and so on. If you're letting guys get that deep into your zone, it's a problem.
Patrick Roy understands this fundamentally. As his team gets off to a poor start this season, the same old song and dance about what's wrong with the Avalanche gets trotted out. They get outshot and out-possessed quite badly, and as a consequence they lose more often than they win, and have for the last year-plus. You can look it up for yourself on any dang stats website: Colorado's 5-on-5 differentials in its first six games are minus-116 shot attempts (30th in the league through Wednesday's games), minus-45 shots (30th in the league), and minus-4 goals (tied for 24th in the league).
But what's worse is that the attempts differential is more than double 29th-place Edmonton's minus-54. It highlights a very real problem that Roy has not at any point in his career found a way to address.
Now let's take a second to guess what Patrick Roy's reaction when he hears those statistics will be (skip to 2:02 of the video):
For the video-impaired here:
“We've been looking at all the games, and obviously if you're looking at our corsi or fenwick, our numbers are not very good,” Roy said after being pummeled by the Kings on Sunday night. “I don't think it's because of the numbers of shots we've been giving, it's more of the shots that we're not taking. For instance, if you're looking at corsi, the part I don't like about corsi is you could shoot from the red line or you could shoot from a terrible angle and your corsi will look good.
“Puck possession has nothing to do [with corsi]. Fenwick, there's a bit of puck possession in there, but same principle. I mean, it's more like shot attempts. If a guy shoots from the red line and it's blocked, it's still a shot attempt. That's something we don't do very well, or we don't think about doing a lot.”
He goes on to say that the Avs trying to get too cute on their zone entries and therefore not getting the puck into shooting areas, which doesn't help. And he's right about that. But hey what do you know, that would be reflected in your............ corsi.
Obviously, this disdain for or indifference toward these so-called “advanced stats” has long been demonstrated by the Roy-coached Avs, and numerous articles on the subject were penned in his first season when they won all those games behind a ludicrous PDO before eventually getting shelled in the playoffs and never again being all that good. They finished seventh in the division last season and don't look all that well-positioned to do anything beyond that again this year.
But more than the repeated statements that the team doesn't buy into these numbers, you have the on-ice play to validate things. If you look at literally any 10-game stretch for the Avs over the past three seasons under Patrick Roy, there have only been five (out of a possible 188!) in which the Avs carried a CF% north of 50. The highest was a 51.43 percent run from Games 26-35 in his first season. Meanwhile, there were seven of 188 in which the Avs had less than 40 percent of possession, a stupefying number.
Now, you hear the “shot quality” fallacy trotted out a lot when anti-possession arguments are made, because they really are the last refuge of the hopeless. Roy says that shot accounts from center ice count, and he's right.
But how many teams do you think are gaining the red line and then just firing it in the general vicinity of the net?
Here's a hint: It's zero. No one does this. No one would do this. No one should, either.
Coaches and teams don't exist to generate good possession numbers from what would otherwise be dump-ins so that they can point to a spreadsheet and say, “The process is obviously good, so please don't fire or trade us.” They generate good possession numbers by getting the puck deep into the attacking zone and keeping it there.
The thing is, these are arguments we really don't have to have with anyone but Patrick Roy at this point. Everyone else gets it and is on-board, even if they don't personally use the terms. In fact, many of them actively do not. Here's Todd McLellan, talking about the fundamentals behind possession metrics from literally the same morning as Roy, but actively saying — lyingly — that he doesn't know what fenwick and corsi are.
Once again, for the video-impaired:
“I think volume shooting — I don't know what that does to Corsi or Fenwick because I don't even know what those things are — but volume shooting is important. I think it breaks down defensive zone coverage, gets players out of position, taxes the opposition, makes them play more minutes in their zone. So [even from] bad angles, anything can happen.”
This is how smart coaches with proven track records of success talk about this issue. The Oilers haven't played particularly well this season, and again they were 29th in shot attempts through Wednesday's games. But McLellan's Sharks were really good at this kind of thing, and it wasn't just because they had some very good personnel on hand throughout the lineup (which, to be fair, they did)
But the reason this lack of understanding or perhaps willful ignorance on the part of the Avalanche organization as a whole, not just on the ice but based on the personnel decisions being made every single summer, takes a real toll on the team's chances of producing a winner and not wasting Nathan MacKinnon's prime in the way it has mostly done for Matt Duchene to this point.
Based on a lot of the hemming and hawing about the lack of efficacy for these new-fangled possession metrics, we can return to the “scoring chances” thing Roy claims to track. Now, we have plenty of imputed shot-quality data on this subject as well, but if we're just talking about shot attempts from high-percentage areas, well, Colorado is getting its ass handed to it on a nightly basis, just as it is with possession, though obviously in less volume.
Goals have chugged along a little above water the entire time (they're currently plus-7), but everything else is basically a downward slope with very few actual upticks. And even in the goal department, you have to keep in mind that in the first half of Roy's first season behind the bench, they built up a plus-22 differential in just 32 games. Since then, the team is actually minus-15. Which is a number that's only likely to keep declining as long as the other trends look like they do.
If you want to talk about high-danger attempts, the Avs are minus-388 in Roy's 177 games behind the bench, more than two extra such attempts per game, meaning the Avs are giving roughly 25 percent more of those looks than they're taking themselves.
And even if you're only counting actual shots on goal, Dominik Luszczyszyn recently highlighted that Semyon Varlamov has so far faced about 10.8 shots from the low slot per 60 minutes, including 3.2 being rebounds in that area. That's taxing, and it's an increase of 13.6 percent and 23.1 percent, respectively, from the rates seen over Roy's previous two years as coach.
So in this respect at least, the Avs are getting worse, not better. And you probably could have guessed that would be the case given the changes on the Colorado blue line over the last two offseasons, basically all of which have made the team more porous in their own end. This is a demonstrable problem.
And it's also one that, seemingly, isn't going to get any better in the near future, because for all the talk about coaches who should be on hot seats, you haven't heard Roy's name once.
He was the prodigal son who won the Cups with this club and then got a garbage team into the playoffs. Save By Roy, etc. He is bulletproof. And if he's still going on and on about how his system should be working — which it clearly isn't and never has — then maybe you just have to say he might be the worst coach in the league.
Good coaches, like good players, adapt to their circumstances and change their approach. Mike Babcock had a lot of success with the Nicklas Lidstrom-led Red Wings (because how could he not) then continued to have success, albeit to a lesser degree, long after Lidstrom retired in a mostly different way. He also seems to have started the Maple Leafs on a path to some amount of success despite that team's many flaws.
Meanwhile, Roy keeps trying to hammer a square peg into a round hole, while telling people that actually the corners would be helping him if only they'd do what he wants. Well, they're corners, plain and simple. Corners are what they are, and they do what they do. You need to figure out a way to change the peg you're trying to get into the hole, or you need to get out of the peg-hole business entirely, because it's clearly just something you don't understand at this level.
Not that anyone will actually tell him that, or that he'd listen to such counsel. You can't fire Patrick Roy. You can only promote him into the front office. And boy, that sort of thing worked out real well for the Oilers after that inexplicable and unsustainable run of success they had once.
Ryan Lambert is a Puck Daddy columnist. His email is here and his Twitter is here.
All stats via War on Ice unless otherwise stated.
Taking RPG to the Next Level #SRPG
Greetings Lords, this is Fantasy War Tactics Support Team!
We are here to announce Black Coocoo Equipment Capsules in the third week of February.
Please refer below for further details.
Additionally, the discount on the following costumes will be over as of tomorrow.
Costumes Heaven's Champion Kai Dragon Fighter Lance Tin Rabbit Momo Alfred of Olympus Valentine's Kiss Jenny
[Third Week of February Black Coocoo Capsules]
※ What is Black Coocoo?
Black Coocoo is a special equipment capsule that has a higher possibility of drawing powerful set items.
▶ Black Coocoo Available Period: 2016. 02. 17 (Thu.) 02:00 pm – 2016. 02. 23 (Tue.) 01:59 pm
▶ Black Coocoo Available at: Available at in-game store during the period specified above.
▶ Types of Black Coocoo Capsules: 1-star~5-star black equipment capsules
▶ Types of Equipment Available from Capsules
※ Only the set items specified below will be available during the event period.
[1 ★] Class Set Name Condition Equipping
2 set items Equipping
3 set items SS Slime King's Dignity Activated when HP is below 40% Increase defense by 1000 Decrease damage from attack-type character by 25% S Super Ranger: Yellow Activated upon entering battle Increase dodge by 60 every turn (max 600) Increase mastery by 20 (max 200) A'm a Cat Balance-type character only Increase attack by 253 Increase dodges by 500 [2 ★] Class Set Name Condition Equipping
2 set items Equipping
3 set items SS The Lab Demon Support-type character only Increase attack by 10% Random respawn of potion within 2 tiles of the owner in the beginning of every turn S Unyielding Champion Activated when there are two or more buffs on the owner Reflect 20% of all damage Increase attack by 10% A Shadow Death Band Activated only in Tower of Dawn Increase all allies mana by 23 Increase all allies final skill power by 250 [3 ★] Class Set Name Condition Equipping
2 set items Equipping
3 set items SS High Human's Guardian Defense-type character only Restore 5% of HP every turn Absorbs 50% incoming damage of all allies within one tile of the owner of one turn S Outer Space! Activated when HP is below 40% Increase counter attack by 50% Increase counter rate by 800 A Mad Guitarist Activated every time when attacked by an enemy Increase crit rate by 100 (max 1000) Increase attack by 150 (max 1500) [4 ★] Class Set Name Condition Equipping
2 set items Equipping
3 set items SS Path Finder None Increase movement by 1 Increase HP by 15860 S Crusaders's Light Defense-type character only Increase chance of getting attacked by 31% Increase all allies HP 2379 A Star Song Support-type Character only Restore 9 mana every turn Increase defense by 1100 for one turn every time when using skills on an ally [5 ★] Class Set Name Condition Equipping
2 set items Equipping
3 set items SS Klein's Secret Notebook Area-type character only Increase attack by 5392 Decrease mana cost by 20% S Sun Flash Area-type character only Increase attack by 1% per enemy in the skill area of effect Increase attack by 3% per enemy in the skill area of effect A Friday the 13th Activated every time when eliminating an enemy Increase crit rate by 5% (max 30%) Restore 5% HP
Thank you, always. .
As the first anniversary of surgical strikes conducted by Indian Army special forces draws nearer, the tension on the line of control (LoC) is palpable and the vigil tight. The soldiers of 4/1 Gorkha Rifles posted at Nowgam sector, which looks deep into the Leepa Valley in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir, have their fingers firmly on the trigger.
"The orders are very clear. Everyone is supposed to maintain a 24x7 vigil and anyone attempting infiltration will be engaged and eliminated. Any Pakistani post trying to push through terrorists into our territory will be destroyed," a senior Army officer told India Today TV. "We are keeping our powder dry."
The commanding officer of Nowgam post, Colonel Sharang Pun, told India Today TV that the troops have now been deployed in an innovative manner (using a grid deployment) so that they can intercept the infiltrators.
"Our surveillance capabilities have improved significantly in the last few years with the inclusion of radars and sensors which help us monitor our area of responsibility very effectively and more accurately," Pun said.
On the LoC, the Pakistan Army posts are nearby but not much activity could be seen there. Indian troops also maintain a low profile while moving outside their bunkers.
During the night patrolling that India Today TV team took up with the troops, one could see that patrol party is adopting extra care and moving with eyes and ears open literally.
Intelligence inputs have suggested that Pakistan may try to avenge the killings of its soldiers by India, and may choose the first anniversary of the surgical strikes for the action.
Army officers said in the recent times, ground sensors, infra-red thermal imagers and battlefield surveillance radars have been deployed in a big way along the LoC, to improve the monitoring of any movement of terrorists.
INDIAN STANCE ON L.O.C NOW 'VERY AGGRESSIVE'
Officers also admit that after Gen Bipin Rawat took over as Army chief in January this year, the Indian stance on the LoC has also become "very aggressive" as they take direct shots at the Pakistani posts if they are seen aiding terrorists.
"Quick punitive action is taken in case Pakistanis violate ceasefire by firing at our posts, often to provide cover for terrorists trying to infiltrate. The action is so severe that it becomes difficult for the opposite posts to operate for a long time to come," said an officer posted on the LoC.
Due to the newly-adopted aggressive posture on the LoC, the morale of troops seems to be very high. The Gorkha troops that the India Today TV team interacted with sounded very confident.
"As our Army chief Gen Bipin Rawat has said, we will receive the terrorists in the reception area on our side and send them two-and-a-half feet below the ground," the troops said in the KB battalion area.
Already, two major BAT (Pakistani border action team) attempts have been foiled by the troops in the Keran and the nearby Uri sector.
In Uri, where four top Jaish-e-Mohammed terrorists were killed early this week, the attackers had come fully geared to carry out an attack similar to last year, when 19 soldiers were martyred. The Indian Army conducted the surgical strikes in retaliation to the dastardly attack.
The security forces this year have been successful in eliminating almost 160 terrorists along the LoC and the kills are likely to go up after the end of the apple season, which gets over by October 15.
VIDEO: Here's what Chief of Army Staff General Bipin Rawat said recently about last year's surgical strikes.
Stop me if you've heard of this before. There's a potential scandal brewing with ties to Bobby Petrino....
ESPN: Demon Deacons investigating possible breach of game plan
Wake Forest is investigating a possible breach of its game plan prior to its game last week against Louisville after discovering documents left behind inside the stadium that showed specific plays the Demon Deacons had never run previously, a source told ESPN.com. The breach was discovered Friday. Coach Dave Clawson said on the ACC coaches call Wednesday, "There somehow was a breach and I've shared it with our AD and we are trying to figure out what happened, and how it happened." Clawson would not elaborate on what documents went missing.
Woah, if this is true, that's a baaaaaaaaaaaad look for everyone involved, and possibly a bad enough image to make Louisville a team that the committee purposely leaves out of the Playoff out of principle. And one has to wonder that if they were doing this against someone like Wake, what they were doing to gain the edge against Clemson and Florida State this year. Could also have potential ramifications towards Lamar Jackson's Heisman hopes as well, should the voters feel like they can't vote for a player of a team with this kind of label.
I love me. I'm fat. I'm black. I'm beautiful, and I don't look my age. My hair is nappy and as big as my smile. I'm usually the loudest person in the room, and my laugh ripples through the air like a hypnotic vibration.
My breasts take over the entire top half of my frame, and the rolls around my waist fill in the rest. I was not blessed with much in the way of an ass, but I work with what I have, and I'm doing it, bitch.
As a writer and someone with a growing social media presence, each day I encounter two sets of people: those who love me as I am and say it openly and loudly in my Facebook comments and Twitter mentions, and those who despise me for having the nerve to see myself as beautiful, and therefore feel the need to dig in and try to get under my skin.
They, apparently, are under the mistaken impression that I don't have mirrors in my house and haven't already called myself fat in my profile picture. I have the same profile picture on all of my social media accounts and on every author page on the sites I write for. There I am, all big hair and big smile, wearing a loud, royal blue graphic T-shirt that proudly proclaims, “Chubby and Harder to Kidnap.”
Still, they try it anyway because they can't help themselves. Their anti-fat, anti-black, anti-woman conditioning compels them.
Advertisement
If I express an opinion about or a preference for something, whether it be food, a social activity or men, I am immediately met with judgment from the hater coalition, who will often use fake concern as the guise for their insults, lecturing me on everything from my cholesterol level to my resting heart rate and everything in between.
Here's a free tip: I love myself—fully, fiercely and unapologetically. Fat insults don't hurt me. And if you are one of those people—one of those people whose thinly veiled disgust peeks through the transparent falseness of your “concern”—stop and ask yourself:
What is it about this beautiful, fat, confident black woman that makes me feel as though I have to attack her while claiming to love her? What is it about her that makes me feel entitled to this reaction about her body and her very right to exist?
Advertisement
Most times, their discomfort is subtle. Someone will comment on how amazed they are at my confidence—as if they've spotted a fat, black unicorn. Society has conditioned us to believe that fat women should feel shame, not confidence.
Other times, their words, expressions and body language convey a mix of disgust, confusion and projected insecurity that is palpable. The idea of being fat and black in a society that hates both fills them with fear, and they don't understand why I don't just fold into myself. They don't understand why I demand visibility—and respect—instead of hiding away and binge-eating Twinkies and Ho Hos.
They don't understand that I dare to be desired, to give and receive pleasure. There is a general belief in Western society that fat (and black) equals ugly. When women don't meet the European beauty aesthetic propped up by the public “acceptable” desires of white men—because we all know that the public and “acceptable” desires of heterosexual white men look very different when the lights go out—then the consensus is that these women deserve to be devalued, ignored and tossed in the “miscellaneous” pile.
Advertisement
But me? I refuse to contort or shrink myself into a toxic culture of anti-blackness that wants to render me invisible. I'm not going anywhere. People are gonna get these 42Gs, this big-ass hair, this big-ass smile, these belly rolls and this loud-ass laugh, and they will like it.
And when you find yourself wondering how I can feel like this about myself, the answer is very simple.
Bitch, I'm me.
Visiting Ramallah these days, one senses festivity among many over the Fatah-Hamas reconciliation. A well-known Palestinian public opinion pollster told Al-Monitor on condition of anonymity that, despite Palestinian skepticism, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip both display a groundswell of support for the reconciliation agreement signed in Cairo on Oct. 12. “People are fed up with the political bickering between the two movements on account of the interest of the Palestinian people. Although there is not much love lost between the supporters of the movements, or even between West Bankers and Gazans, most of the public believes that greater unity is in their interest,” he argued.
These public sentiments, the pollster estimates, were the main reason President Mahmoud Abbas went along with the Egyptian terms of the agreement. His standing in public opinion is far from glorious and there is an active discussion in Ramallah of an heir.
A senior PLO official close to Abbas named several reasons behind the reconciliation deal. The first is that the deal would enable both the West Bank and Gaza to be run by one government, subordinated to Abbas with the Palestinian Authority (PA) running the governmental offices in the Gaza Strip. Another element is that the Palestinian security services will be in charge of Gaza Strip passages into Israel and Egypt; this would prove helpful for the flow of goods. And then there is the relationship between Abbas and Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi; Abbas accords these relations great importance, especially in view of Hamas' growing dependence on Cairo.
The official added that the implementation and follow-up on the agreement will be gradual and difficult. The two sides will have to learn to work together. Furthermore, the three most important issues — namely the status of the Hamas military wing, the road to achieving Palestinian statehood and presidential and parliamentary elections — have all been left open for further deliberations.
Nevertheless, the official is confident that unlike two previous attempts, this effort will prove successful. He claims that this time the Egyptian intervention is more effective, and that both sides need Cairo.
According to the official, the deal has several advantages that should reinforce its sustainability. The deal should create a stronger PA government, despite major economic challenges. It establishes the necessary link between the West Bank and the Gaza Strip for future statehood. It offers better security on the passages, which would hopefully prevent a greater humanitarian disaster in Gaza. The possibility of another war in Gaza is now at least postponed. Finally, increasing Egyptian involvement in the Gaza Strip may weaken Iranian influence on Hamas.
As to a common position on Palestinian statehood, the PLO official was very hopeful. Hamas will let Abbas lead negotiations with the international community, including the Trump administration, which did not object to the reconciliation deal though it is obviously related to a two-state solution based on the 2002 Arab Peace Initiative.
The official acknowledged that the military wing of Hamas will not be dismantled and will be formally under the jurisdiction of the new government.
The official told Al-Monitor that the coming months will be dedicated to the implementation of the agreement and to further talks leading to Abbas' visit to Gaza. Therefore, it is Abbas' intention to launch a diplomatic initiative for the international community — including the United States — to recognize the new government. When that is achieved, probably in 2018, the Arab League will petition the United Nations to recognize the united Palestine. He claims that only successful diplomatic activity toward a two-state solution can prevent a cycle of violence from erupting from Gaza or the West Bank.
A senior Israeli Foreign Ministry official told Al-Monitor on condition of anonymity that Israel's low-profile response to the Fatah-Hamas reconciliation was generated by a request from Sisi, in coordination with the Trump administration. According to the official, Jerusalem is not dismayed with the developments.
In fact, a close relationship between Gaza and Egypt is in Israel's interest. The source also claims that the new agreement offers Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu further ground to reject a two-state solution negotiation process. The Israeli government is concerned with a growing role for Hamas in the West Bank, involving an initiation of violence and terror from there. The official told Al-Monitor that on this issue — as on the Iran deal — Netanyahu is fully coordinated with US President Donald Trump.
It is too early to say if this reconciliation agreement will constitute a watershed moment in inter-Palestinian relations; what is clear for now is that there is greater mutual dependence between Fatah and Hamas, brought about by Egypt. The future of the reconciliation process is more dependent on Sisi than either Abbas or Hamas chief Ismail Haniyeh.
Small businesses have different DNA. If you are a small business, you are small, with limited budgets and they have a lot to do. You constantly have this urge to ‘scale up' – in revenue and people. You have meager resources and employees. And face high risk. So want stuff to work out-of-box and give you returns.
That's why we have put together 5 great resources for small businesses that will help you. These resources will give you strategic assets. Like if your employees use Manager Tools, they will be far better employees right away and that improves the quality of employees you have without having a pay a bomb to a soft skills trainer. The other resources below are equally good.
Marketing Voices is one of THE best Internet marketing podcasts I have ever heard. Jennifer Jones, the host, interviews the who's who of social media marketing and you get to hear the cutting edge of Internet marketing. Of late, the podcast has become shorter and better. Jennifer Jones hits the nail on it head and gets it over with. There are no long conversations. She does not look to fill the time as much as she wants to give the most within the shortest span of time.
SpyFu is a very different resource. It's a website where you can key in a competitor's website and get great competitive insight on PPC (pay per click) and Organic search results. E.g. You can get how much ad budget your competition spent, on which keywords, who the major competitors for certain keywords are, and on which keywords do the website rank high in organic search results.
Manager-tools is a podcast that gives ‘tools' to managers. Michael Auzenne and Mark Horstman strike a conversation every week about soft skills – how to manage your time, how to leave voice mails, how to have one-on-one conversations with people who work for you. What I like about the podcast is that the suggested behavior is sensible and practical. Though they do talk about what managers do wrong, they do that well and only enough to make the point.
If you wanted a mentor who taught you or your employees what to do, you can find one in Manager-tools. If used well, Manager-tools can convert ordinary employees into strategic assets and can influence the culture of your company positively.
You may know LinkedIn but am not sure if you know the power of LinkedIn Answers. Whatever questions you face in your business, you can pose that in LinkedIn and get very good responses to your questions. What's even more wonderful is that you can search the archives and see if someone else posted the same question and check out what the responses have been. It gives you insights from multiple experts (or not so experts) at the same time and saves you time.
You can find many articles of topics important to you entrepreneur.com. What I like about entrepreneur.com is sensible advice. E.g. Check out this article – How to Sell in 60 Seconds. The author upgrades your selling capability. There's a large archive of such articles.
I hope you enjoy these resources. If you
know some other resources that are as good as or better than these websites, please let me know. Many small businesses read this blog. You will be able to help them by telling me.
Picture credit: tanakawho
The FBI has recently formed a secretive surveillance unit with an ambitious goal: to invent technology that will let police more readily eavesdrop on Internet and wireless communications.
The establishment of the Quantico, Va.-based unit, which is also staffed by agents from the U.S. Marshals Service and the Drug Enforcement Agency, is a response to technological developments that FBI officials believe outpace law enforcement's ability to listen in on private communications.
While the FBI has been tight-lipped about the creation of its Domestic Communications Assistance Center, or DCAC -- it declined to respond to requests made two days ago about who's running it, for instance -- CNET has pieced together information about its operations through interviews and a review of internal government documents.
DCAC's mandate is broad, covering everything from trying to intercept and decode Skype conversations to building custom wiretap hardware or analyzing the gigabytes of data that a wireless provider or social network might turn over in response to a court order. It's also designed to serve as a kind of surveillance help desk for state, local, and other federal police.
The center represents the technological component of the bureau's "Going Dark" Internet wiretapping push, which was allocated $54 million by a Senate committee last month. The legal component is no less important: as CNET reported on May 4, the FBI wants Internet companies not to oppose a proposed law that would require social-networks and providers of VoIP, instant messaging, and Web e-mail to build in backdoors for government surveillance.
During an appearance last year on Capitol Hill, then-FBI general counsel Valerie Caproni referred in passing, without elaboration, to "individually tailored" surveillance solutions and "very sophisticated criminals." Caproni said that new laws targeting social networks and voice over Internet Protocol conversations were required because "individually tailored solutions have to be the exception and not the rule."
Caproni was referring to the DCAC's charge of creating customized surveillance technologies aimed at a specific individual or company, according to a person familiar with the FBI's efforts in this area.
An FBI job announcement for the DCAC that had an application deadline of May 2 provides additional details. It asks applicants to list their experience with "electronic surveillance standards" including PacketCable (used in cable modems); QChat (used in push-to-talk mobile phones); and T1.678 (VoIP communications). One required skill for the position, which pays up to $136,771 a year, is evaluating "electronic surveillance solutions" for "emerging" technologies.
"We would expect that capabilities like CIPAV would be an example" of what the DCAC will create, says Steve Bock, president of Colorado-based Subsentio, referring to the FBI's remotely-installed spyware that it has used to identify extortionists, database-deleting hackers, child molesters, and hitmen.
Bock, whose company helps companies comply with the 1994 Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act (CALEA) and has consulted for the Justice Department, says he anticipates "that Internet and wireless will be two key focus areas" for the DCAC. VoIP will be a third, he says.
For its part, the FBI responded to query this week with a statement about the center, which it also refers to as the National Domestic Communications Assistance Center (even Caproni has used both names interchangeably), saying:
The NDCAC will have the functionality to leverage the research and development efforts of federal, state, and local law enforcement with respect to electronic surveillance capabilities and facilitate the sharing of technology among law enforcement agencies. Technical personnel from other federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies will be able to obtain advice and guidance if they have difficulty in attempting to implement lawful electronic surveillance court orders. It is important to point out that the NDCAC will not be responsible for the actual execution of any electronic surveillance court orders and will not have any direct operational or investigative role in investigations. It will provide the technical knowledge and referrals in response to law enforcement's requests for technical assistance.
Here's the full text of the FBI's statement in a Google+ post.
One person familiar with the FBI's procedures told CNET that the DCAC is in the process of being launched but is not yet operational. A public Justice Department document, however, refers to the DCAC as "recently established."
"They're doing the best they can to avoid being transparent"
The FBI has disclosed little information about the DCAC, and what has been previously made public about the center was primarily through budget requests sent to congressional committees. The DCAC doesn't even have a Web page.
"The big question for me is why there isn't more transparency about what's going on?" asks Jennifer Lynch, a staff attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a civil liberties group in San Francisco. "We should know more about the program and what the FBI is doing. Which carriers they're working with -- which carriers they're having problems with. They're doing the best they can to avoid being transparent."
The DCAC concept dates back at least four years. FBI director Robert Mueller was briefed on it in early 2008, internal FBI documents show. In January 2008, Charles Smith, a supervisory special agent and section chief in the FBI's Operational Technology Division, sent e-mail to other division officials asking for proposals for the DCAC's budget.
When it comes to developing new surveillance technologies, Quantico is the U.S. government's equivalent of a Silicon Valley incubator. In addition to housing the FBI's Operational Technological Division, which boasts of developing the "latest and greatest investigative technologies to catch terrorists and criminals" and took the lead in creating the DCAC, it's also home to the FBI's Engineering Research Facility, the DEA's Office of Investigative Technology, and the U.S. Marshals' Technical Operations Group. In 2008, Wired.com reported that the FBI has "direct, high-speed access to a major wireless carrier's systems" through a high-speed DS-3 link to Quantico.
The Senate appropriations committee said in a report last month that, for electronic surveillance capabilities, it authorizes "$54,178,000, which is equal to both the request and the fiscal year 2012 enacted level. These funds will support the Domestic Communications Assistance Center, providing for increased coordination regarding lawful electronic surveillance amongst the law enforcement community and with the communications industry." (It's unclear whether all of those funds will go to the DCAC.)
In trying to convince Congress to spend taxpayers' dollars on the DCAC, the FBI has received help from local law enforcement agencies that like the idea of electronic surveillance aid. A Justice Department funding request for the 2013 fiscal year predicts DCAC will "facilitate the sharing of solutions and know-how among federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies" and will be welcomed by telecommunications companies who "prefer to standardize and centralize electronic surveillance."
A 2010 resolution from the International Association of Chiefs of Police -- a reliable FBI ally on these topics -- requests that "Congress and the White House support the National Domestic Communications Assistance Center Business Plan."
The FBI has also had help from the Drug Enforcement Administration, which last year requested $1.5 million to fund eight additional DCAC positions. DEA administrator Michele Leonhart has said (PDF) the funds will go to "develop these new electronic surveillance capabilities." The DEA did not respond to CNET's request for comment.
An intriguing hint of where the DCAC might collaborate with the National Security Agency appeared in author James Bamford's article in the April issue of Wired magazine. Bamford said, citing an unidentified senior NSA official, that the agency has "made an enormous breakthrough several years ago in its ability to cryptanalyze, or break, unfathomably complex encryption systems" -- an obstacle that law enforcement has encountered in investigations.
Eventually, the FBI may be forced to lift the cloak of secrecy that has surrounded the DCAC's creation. On May 2, a House of Representatives committee directed the bureau to disclose "participation by other agencies and the accomplishments of the center to date" three months after the legislation is enacted.
• If you and your friends can't agree on whether you love or hate “La La Land,” you're not alone. Our cultural reporters, editors and critics can't either.
• An unlikely band of Orthodox Jewish students is tearing up the Eastern Collegiate Roller Hockey Association. Because of Sabbath restrictions, they play up to four games on Sunday mornings, sometimes back to back.
And they're currently in first place.
• Seventy-five years ago, The Times published its first crossword puzzle, as a way to give readers a distraction from war news. (This, despite a prior editorial that had described crossword puzzles as “a primitive sort of mental exercise” and a “sinful waste” of time.)
Here's a brief history.
• This week's By the Book interview: Come to learn what's on George Saunders's nightstand; stay for the part about his third-grade crush on a nun.
• Yes, we covered Westminster in the last edition of this roundup, but we just can't get enough.
Here are two more delightful slides shows featuring the cats of Westminster (and a poodle among floral sculptures of dogs), and the stars and their stage moms.
What We're Watching
Preheat oven to 425 Level off your rutabaga, by cutting off the naturally flat end. This will give stability while cutting slices. Begin to cut strips, about 1/4 inch wide. Once flat, trim around the edges, removing wax coating and skin. Cut into strips, coat in olive oil, salt and dried spice mixture. Evenly spread in a single layer on a baking sheet. Oven bake at 425 for 25 minutes, until tender and slightly crisping on the edges. Remove, tossing to redistribute, returning to the oven for another 15 minutes. Fries are finished when they are golden brown and crisp. Serve immediately.
Ahh, the rutabaga. That weird, waxy ball that you see in your grocery store travels but never quite know what to do with it. I'm sure you've had it before, likely boiled to death and tasteless. Not today.
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201511/2985/1155968404_4613475009001_hrc4.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Hillary Clinton referenced 9/11 in her defense of Wall Street relationships during Saturday night's Democratic debate. Clinton under fire for linking her Wall Street donations to 9/11
Minutes after Hillary Clinton referenced 9/11 as part of the reason why she has received significant contributions from Wall Street, people on both sides of the aisle pounced or were, at the very least, left scratching their heads to account for it.
"So, I represented New York, and I represented New York on 9/11 when we were attacked. Where were we attacked? We were attacked in downtown Manhattan where Wall Street is," Clinton said, in response to a comment from Bernie Sanders about her acceptance of campaign cash from Wall Street executives. "I did spend a whole lot of time and effort helping them rebuild. That was good for New York. It was good for the economy and it was a way to rebuke the terrorists who had attacked our country."
Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus called it a "new low" for Clinton, saying in a statement that she "shamefully hid behind the 9/11 terrorist attacks in a bizarre attempt to deflect attention from her ties to her wealthy donors."
Lis Smith, Martin O'Malley's deputy campaign manager, slammed Clinton for invoking the attacks in explaining her answer as well.
My dad worked in WTC from the day it was built to the day it went down. @HillaryClinton, never invoke 9/11 to justify your Wall St positions — Lis Smith (@Lis_Smith) November 15, 2015
Meanwhile, David Axelrod pondered aloud on Twitter whether her equivalence of Wall Street support as a means of post-9/11 recovery would work.
.@HillaryClinton vehemently offers support for Wall Street as post-911 recovery effort. Does that fly? — David Axelrod (@davidaxelrod) November 15, 2015
During the debate itself, panelist Nancy Cordes displayed a tweet from someone who appeared displeased with the remark.
Have never seen a candidate invoke 9/11 to justify millions of Wall Street donations. Until now. @HillaryClinton #DemDebate — Andy Grewal (@AndyGrewal) November 15, 2015
"Well, I'm sorry that whoever tweeted that had that impression because I worked closely with New Yorkers after 9/11 for my entire first term to rebuild," Clinton responded. "So, yes, I did know people. I've had a lot of folks give me donations from all kinds of backgrounds say, I don't agree with you on everything, but I like what you do. I like how you stand up. I'm going to support you, and I think that is absolutely appropriate.
The take against the backlash from one Clinton confidant: And?
"There wasn't any there there," Clinton confidant Paul Begala said on CNN after the debate. "In other words, Senator Sanders needs to close the loop. OK? He says you've got donations, he can't—doesn't even point to a vote. He doesn't say, here's something you did wrong."
During the 2008 campaign, Begala noted, Barack Obama succeeded in pointing out Clinton's 2002 vote to authorize the Iraq War.
"Senator Sanders doesn't have the punch after the set-up. He's like, ‘Well you took Wall Street money.' She's like, ‘Yeah, well, what did I do?'" Begala continued. "So he's got to have something there from the left. He can't just say, ‘Oh, Wall Street's bad, and you represented New York, therefore,' well, what?”
Posted by coltsindianapolis on May 5, 2016 – 8:00 pm
The Indianapolis Colts today agreed to terms with defensive tackle Hassan Ridgeway, tackle Joe Haeg, linebacker Trevor Bates and center Austin Blythe.Ridgeway, 6-3, 314 pounds, was selected by the Colts in the fourth round (116th overall) of the 2016 NFL Draft. He appeared in 36 games (18 starts) at Texas and totaled 92 tackles (58 solo), 9.5 sacks, one pass defensed and two fumble recoveries (one returned for a touchdown).
In 2015, Ridgeway played in 11 games (eight starts) and totaled 36 tackles (24 solo), 6.5 tackles for loss, 3.5 sacks and a team-leading two fumble recoveries. He earned All-Big 12 honorable mention honors and was named a First Team All-Big 12 choice by ESPN.com.
Haeg, 6-6, 304 pounds, was selected by Indianapolis in the fifth round (155th overall) of the 2016 NFL Draft. He was a four-year starter and helped lead North Dakota State to the NCAA Division I FCS National Championship all five years he was a member of the program. Haeg was a First Team All-America choice in 2014 and 2015 as the former walk-on saw action at both the right and left tackle spots during his collegiate career with the Bison. A 60-game starter, he garnered numerous honors throughout his time at North Dakota State, including being named to the 2015 Walter Camp FCS All-America Team, 2015 STATS All-America first-team and receiving an invite to the 2016 Senior Bowl.
As a senior in 2015, Haeg started all 15 games at left tackle and graded out at 91 percent during the regular season with 45 knockdowns in 11 games. He anchored an offensive line that allowed the fewest sacks (1.07 per game) and tackles for loss (4.20 per game) in the Missouri Valley Conference.
Bates, 6-2, 245 pounds, was selected by the Colts in the seventh round (239th overall) of the 2016 NFL Draft. He appeared in 46 games at Maine and finished with 207 tackles (106 solo), 19.0 sacks, 10 passes defensed, five forced fumbles, two fumble recoveries (one returned for a touchdown) and three interceptions (one returned for a touchdown). Bates garnered various honors over his collegiate career including the team's most valuable player, CFPA National Defensive Lineman of the Week, Second Team All-CAA, Third Team All-CAA, All-CAA Academic Honors and CAA Defensive Player of the Week.
In 2015, he played in 11 games for the Black Bears and totaled 57 tackles (31 solo), 7.5 sacks, two passes defensed, one forced fumble and one fumble recovery (returned for a touchdown).
Blythe, 6-2, 291 pounds, was selected by Indianapolis in the seventh round (248th overall) of the 2016 NFL Draft. He started 51-of-52 career games as a four-year starter at Iowa.
In 2015, Blythe helped bolster a Hawkeye offensive line that allowed the team to start the season 12-0 and earn a spot in the Big Ten Championship and Rose Bowl games. He was one of three finalists for the Rimington Award, given annually to the nation's top center, after starting all 14 games as a senior captain. Blythe was an All-America third-team selection by The Associated Press and Athlon Sports, an All-America fourth-team choice by Phil Steele and earned All-America honorable mention accolades from SI.com. He was also a Second Team All-Big Ten honoree by the league's coaches and media, The Associated Press and Phil Steele.
For more information, visit the Colts media website, media.colts.com.
Limited number of season tickets available. Visit http://www.colts.com for ticket information.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
Posted in Colts Blog
Music is played during square dancing at Northside Tavern. (Photo: Provided/John Bealle)
Amid Northside Tavern's calendar of indie-rock and karaoke is a monthly event celebrating an old-fashioned form of entertainment, one that is making a comeback here and in other American cities.
On the second Tuesday of every month, the back room of the Tavern hosts the Northside Square Dance, an event organized by local enthusiasts drawing all sorts of demographics, including a young and curious crowd who wouldn't know a “birdie in the cage” from a “Texas star,” or any square dance maneuver for that matter.
“It's all taught on the spot,” says John Bealle, one of the organizers of Northside Square Dance. “The dances are pretty simple. People come from the front bar out of curiosity to see what's going on, and they get pulled in and end up having a good time.”
A collection of players called the Northside Volunteers provides the music. Bealle calls it “old-time string-band music,” songs like “Mississippi Sawyer,” “Soldier's Joy,” and “Forked Deer” that predate the bluegrass era, played on acoustic instruments such as a fiddle, banjo, bass, mandolin and guitar.
The star of the square dance is the caller, who tells dancers what to do. “A particular square dance will last 10 or 15 minutes,” explains Bealle. “At the beginning the caller will say, ‘square your sets' or whatever, and everyone will come up on the floor. And he or she will walk through it slowly without music, to teach people what's going to happen. Then the music starts, and the caller prompts by saying ‘circle left' or ‘swing your partner' and so on. You'll give that call right before the phrase of music stars, so the dancers will hear the call and then when the music comes to a new phrase they'll do that particular figure.”
Patrons square dance at Northside Tavern. (Photo: Provided/John Bealle)
Bealle hires callers locally as well as from around the country for each dance, and a donation is collected to pay for the caller. This month's caller goes by the name of T-Claw, who is from Nashville and learned his craft on the West Coast, according to Bealle.
“They have a kind of square-dancing youth movement out there among the D.I.Y. set, and they really turned it into something fun and real lively,” he says. “It's sort of like they recovered the original D.I.Y. entertainment, square dancing, and turned it into something that young people do. And that's why we thought it would be a nice fit in Northside, because the people that live in Northside are really into sustainability and all.”
Bealle says that this region was once a hotbed for square dancing, and though it is dying off in rural areas in Kentucky, the tradition continues to be passed from one generation to the next in certain communities in West Virginia, where there's a square dance cultural trail.
“It's a traditional American dance form that was really popular through the 19th century, but is based on earlier forms that were done informally in cabins in the mountains and so on. And then as other fads came through, square dancing was sort of relegated to the past and so that's the way we think of it now, as something antique and old-timey,” Bealle says.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Things To Do newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Everything entertainment from weekend plans to showbiz news. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Things To Do Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
People are now embracing it for the same reasons it was once dismissed, and it's the urban crowd that's bringing it back.
“It's just fun to do,” Bealle says. “It's just real practical. You don't need a lot of paraphernalia. It's just easy to do. It really fits into the sort of millennial D.I.Y. mindset.”
Patrons square dance at Northside Tavern. (Photo: Provided/John Bealle)
IF YOU GO
What: Northside Square Dance
When: 8 p.m. Tuesday, December 8
Where: Northside Tavern, 4163 Hamilton Ave., Northside; 513-542-3603
Admission: $5 donation
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1XKm10N
There is now a pervasive drive to limit the discussion of men and masculinity to a single, poisonous, narrative: Men don't have problems, they cause them. This is how it's happening in schools, universities, across the media and even in the UN itself.
-- This is article #99 in our series of #100Voices4Men and boys
On Monday, The Times reported on the Raising Awareness and Prevention initiative – a project in which a former New York sex-crime prosecutor goes into London schools to lecture boys on how porn is generating a rise in misogyny. The article starts with this sentence: “Mission impossible: one hour to re-programme teenage boys' sexual manners so they are fit for a feminist world”.
It ends with this: “These are boys any parent would be proud of and they are also now scarred for life. Any time they imagine doing something furtive online, it will trigger the thought that adults of influence – maybe even some formidable American women – are seeing into their souls via their search history. Mission accomplished.”
This isn't sex education. It's indoctrination, bordering on abuse. It's also just one example of what is now a pervasive drive to limit the discussion of men and masculinity to a single narrative: Men don't have problems, they cause them.
'Good Lad' workshop
The boundaries of what some people would like to see as permissible speech about men was summed up earlier this month, when rugby players at Oxford University took part in a ‘Good Lad' workshop, aimed at combatting what the organisers say is a crisis of sexual assault and harassment on campus.
In 2009, another men's group was set up at Oxford University, this time not aimed at teaching men how to stop harassing women, but as a space for young men to explore what it means to be a man in contemporary UK society. The group was vociferously condemned as “reactionary and ridiculous” by the very same campaigners who say that male students should take part in forums such as the ‘Good Lad' workshop.
At the time, Olivia Bailey, then NUS national women's officer, said: "What exactly will a men's society do? To suggest that men need a specific space to be 'men' is ludicrous, when everywhere you turn you will find male-dominated spaces.”
You can speak up as a man, as long as it's to apologise
So, just to be clear, the only time men are permitted to come together to talk about their experiences of being men, is when they hold themselves in contrition in an attempt prevent themselves from abusing women? Right. OK then.
But student campaigners aren't the only ones committed to controlling the conversation about what it means to be a man. In January of this year, the Southbank Centre held the Being A Man festival, the first of its kind in the UK and organised by the same people who run the well-established, feminist-orientated, Women of the World Festival.
I was genuinely excited at the prospect of such a high-profile event that would put a vibrant discussion of men and masculinity at the heart of the UK's cultural establishment. Except that isn't what happened. What actually took place was a series of ideological set pieces, in which prominent feminists and their allies told us what they think men are and how we need to change.
Over the course of two days, we were told that men should be feminists, but offered no view on why they shouldn't be; that male violence against women is a problem, but given no views on the problem of female perpetrators and male victims; that porn is bad for you, but offered no perspectives on how men can explore, express and celebrate their sexuality. And so on.
HeForShe
In the run-up to the festival, the organisers arranged a series of panel discussions among men to explore what the big issues for men are that the festival should address. From the line-up of speakers at the event, it's hard not to conclude they didn't simply exclude any voices that weren't in line with their own feminist worldview.
It's one thing if student campaigners and metropolitan pundits try to limit what you can say about men, but it's quite another when the UN gets in on the act. The UN's recently-launched HeForShe campaign, championed by Emma Watson, calls on men to help end violence against women – and who wouldn't want to help do that? But the glaring, frankly bizarre, elephant in the room is that the campaign deliberately, explicitly omits concern for male victims of violence.
This is the pledge the UN is asking men to sign up to: “I commit to take action against all forms of violence and discrimination faced by women and girls.” Discrimination can be a very subjective topic, but the UN's data on violence is unequivocal, globally men and boys are almost four times more likely to be murdered than women and girls.
These messages are being targeted at boys and young men at ages when they are most vulnerable and insecure about their place in the world. The narrative itself excludes discussion of the impact this is having on young men, or of the problems they face due to their own gender.
Young men 'shouted at and publicly humiliated'
insideMAN recently took the unusual step of actually asking young men how they feel about the conversation that is being had about them, rather than with them. The responses of these teenagers, who are relentlessly subjected to social media propaganda about the failures of their sex – from EveryDaySexism, to Hollaback, to the FCKH8 video – should stand as a wakeup call.
They said that if they make any attempt to contradict these prevailing messages, they “will draw fire… so the only option is to shut up”. Asked what conditions would make them feel able speak their minds, they said “they would need a safe space where they could feel confident they would not be shouted at and publicly humiliated; where their motives were not under immediate suspicion simply on account of their gender. They want protecting against fundamentalism by prominent and leading figures in the campaign for gender equality – people who can defend the sincerity of their interest and allow real discussion”.
But the concluding line of the article is most damning of all. “As the boys left our house they said how great it was to be able to have a sensible conversation about these things. I was struck that this was the first opportunity they had ever had to discuss gender equality without having to self-censor.”
Not to worry though, soon they'll be at university and there'll be Good Lad workshop they can go to.
By A Man
12/04/2015 – Arbitrator Shyam Das ruled on Dec. 3, 2015, that the American Postal Workers Union and the National Postal Mail Handlers Union may now go forward with their Step 4 grievances challenging the Postal Service's decision to close or consolidate approximately 82 mail processing facilities starting January of 2015. The grievances had contended that the consolidations violated the PO-408 Handbook, Closures and Consolidations Area Mail Processing (AMP) Guidelines.
The USPS challenged the grievances stating the PO-408 was not a handbook covered by Article 19. The arbitrator agreed that the PO-408 has a direct relationship with “wages, hours or working conditions” and the hearing on the merits can go forward.
The hearing took place on April 6, 2015, brought forth by the NPMHU with the APWU as an intervenor.
APWU President Mark Dimondstein pointed to “the great work and preparation that the National Mail Handlers Union put forth as well as the essential efforts by the APWU team led by case officer Executive Vice President Debby Szeredy.”
Szeredy noted, “This is an enormous win, and we are now eager to get the merits heard before any further consolidations occur.”
Source: Important Arbitration Win in Fight Against Plant Closures and Consolidations | APWU
Stock prices have finally entered the much anticipated correction, and so I've spent more time lately looking at my watchlist of great businesses that I'd like to own at some point. My portfolio has been largely made up of special situation investments for some time, and although I don't really have a preference when it comes to value (I'm just looking for the most mispriced investments relative to risk), I've always liked the compounders. These types of businesses do a lot of the work for you, and at the right price they can be sized very large as often their quality provides a margin of safety.
That said, I only think great businesses make great investments at great prices, and at least by the looks of my watchlist, it doesn't appear that we are generally to a market level where great prices can be had yet. Although prices have come down, they could certainly fall much further (and will have to before there are numerous quality businesses at prices that I would really get excited about). So for now, I continue to look under the rocks and in the nooks and crannies for the special situation investments and bargains that are usually present in any market environment. But I have dusted off the “great business” watchlist and may become more interested if (hopefully) stock prices continue their descent.
Coal
“A diamond is a piece of coal that stuck to the job” – Thomas Edison
One business I have spent some time on recently is the coal industry (I've been reading about coal for a few different reasons, but not because I'm interested in owning coal stocks—if anything the opposite would be the case).
Despite Thomas Edison's enthusiastic view of the potential of a diligent, hard-working piece of coal, I'm not sure he would have felt the same way about coal stocks. After spending some time researching the industry and a few specific companies, I've come to the conclusion that the aggregate equity across the entire US coal industry could be close to being worthless (so no coal stock is on my great business watchlist). Maybe that's a bit harsh—a few low-cost producers in the lower cost basins will probably see their equity survive, but most will have to restructure. There have been numerous bankruptcy filings already, and I think that trend will continue. Like many commodity businesses, these companies borrowed heavily to expand their plants right as the price of their product was reaching all-time highs:
The coal companies leveraged up hugely in 2011 when demand from China—the world's largest coal consumer—was at an all-time high and metallurgical coal prices were soaring (met coal is a key ingredient in the production of steel). Companies were making huge capital investments to expand capacity in order to meet this growing demand from Chinese steel mills, and since pulling coal out of the ground is a business that often consumes more cash than it throws off, these capital expenditures and expansion projects were financed with massive amounts of new debt.
I've found that a simple axiom has helped keep me out of trouble when evaluating companies or investment opportunities:
Rising Debt + Shrinking Revenues = Bad News for Stockholders
Debt-fueled Acquisitions at the Top of the Market
Not only did companies take on debt to finance “growth” capex, but some began acquiring other businesses based on overly optimistic outlooks for met coal prices and Chinese demand.
In 2011, Walter Energy paid $3.3 billion to buy a large Canadian met coal producer, Alpha Natural Resources spent $6.7 billion for Massey Energy group, and Arch Coal spent $3.4 billion for International Coal Group. Just 4 years later, Walter and Alpha have gone bankrupt, and Arch has found itself in the midst of an interesting bit of game theory between management and the senior and junior bondholders that may result in a “kicking of the can” down the road a year or two, but will almost certainly at some point see the equity wiped out.
So this cycle rhymes with most of the other boom/bust commodity cycles we've seen in the past. But with coal, it could be particularly more painful since coal is a commodity—unlike oil, gas or base metals—that likely has already seen its peak demand and could be in a long (but very slow) secular decline. According to the US Energy Information Administration, in April, natural gas topped coal for the first time as the number one source of electrical power generation in the US. This trend might accelerate or slow down based on the price of nat gas, but it does appear to be a trend. 5 years ago, coal-fired power generation was twice the level of nat gas-fired power generation, and now both coal and nat gas have roughly equal share of US power generation.
Adding to the cyclical woes are the regulatory hurdles that the industry currently faces, and will likely continue to face going forward. The US Supreme Court remanded the EPA's Mercury and Air Toxic Standards on June 29th, which would have cost power plants upwards of $10 billion annually. This was perceived as a victory for the coal industry, but many power plants have already been converting from thermal coal to natural gas in anticipation of regulatory requirements. Who knows what lower courts will decide regarding mercury emissions, but once a plant switches to gas, it's not going back to coal regardless of price.
But the bankruptcies we've seen so far (and likely will continue to see in the next couple years) have more to do with mismanaged balance sheets than regulatory policies or even pricing issues.
Is Trouble Opportunity Here?
Is the pessimism surrounding the coal industry overblown? My own feeling is the pessimism surrounding coal as an energy source might be overblown, as coal is still used to produce nearly a third of the country's electricity. This might be in terminal decline, but it will decline slowly over decades, not anytime soon. It takes a lot of time and money to convert a power plant from coal to natural gas or some other energy source. That said, many debt-laden coal stocks will go to $0, so while the industry will survive for a long time to come, current stockholders might not.
So has the carnage in coal brought down other businesses with it?
Railroads
One place to look is railroads. The rail stocks have been clobbered over the past couple months (partly due to the recent stock market decline, but mostly due to the market suddenly worrying about lower coal volumes). Coal could be a legitimate concern for the railroads. In 2014 coal accounted for 39% of tonnage shipped and 19% of rail revenues, the single largest driver of revenue for the rails:
I have just started thinking about this and reading about railroads. I don't have any opinion on the value of rail stocks yet, and maybe this price decline is justified, or maybe it's simply that rail stocks have been in a huge bull market over the past four years and this pullback is warranted simply from a valuation standpoint.
I'm not sure, but it's a business that has some qualities that are attractive such as high operating margins, pricing power, and significant barriers to entry. It would be virtually impossible to replicate the rail network that Union Pacific or BNSF have cobbled together over the past century.
It also has certain things that are generally not viewed as positives such as unionized work force and significant capital requirements. The US rail industry will spend an estimated $29 billion in 2015 on maintaining and improving their network, and since deregulation in 1980, the railroads have spent over half a trillion in capex:
Not exactly the “capital light” business than many investors look for… Of course, businesses that soak up sizable chunks of capital can still create significant value if there is an attractive return associated with that capital investment.
Another data point that could be considered positive or negative is the dramatic increase in crude by rail that coincided with the US energy production boom of the past 7 years—specifically the rise of hydraulic fracturing in the Bakken field of North Dakota. In large part thanks to the frackers, crude by rail has nearly tripled since 2008:
This is obviously good for the railroads if it can continue, but this could also be a point of concern if US production begins slowing down due to much lower energy prices. Crude is much less a factor than coal however, at only around 4% of revenue, but when combined with sand and gravel tonnage that is also used in fracking, it becomes a more meaningful revenue contributor.
Of course Buffett famously surprised many people when he bought BNSF back in 2009, a purchase that–despite what he said on Charlie Rose's show–has provided Berkshire with spectacular returns. One of BNSF's competitors is Union Pacific, which Buffett said took market share from Berkshire in 2014.
UNP has been clobbered along with the other rail stocks.
Here is a good article on the rail business—UNP specifically—that is worth a read.
It's been a great decade to be a Union Pacific shareholder as pricing power and operating leverage have combined to triple operating margins from 13% to 37%:
Operating income has increased to $8.7 billion from $1.8 billion in 2004, and the stock price is up 5x, even when factoring in the recent 30% decline.
I think it's a good business. But I'm not yet sure what to think about some of the fundamental drivers (namely how will declining coal volumes affect the business, and where will margins be in the coming years).
This post is more of just jotting down some notes/thoughts on these businesses. I may begin writing more shorter-form posts on companies I'm researching as a way to share my notes and also get feedback from readers who may have also done some work on things I'm interested in.
So I have no real conclusion other than to say that UNP is one business on my “companies to read about list” that maybe will set up for an opportunity via a double whammy of a pessimistic coal outlook and an increasingly bearish stock market sentiment. We'll see… Until then, I may begin parlaying some reading on coal into some work on the railroads.
Have a great weekend.
Ukrainian separatists snatched up a new set of weapons for their arsenal last week. But, this time at least, Russia is far from blame. Rebels in the town of Donetsk took a World War Two-era T-54 tank and two Howitzer artillery pieces straight out of the city's museum commemorating the Second World War, according to an AFP report.
Speaking to the news agency on the condition of anonymity, the guard working at the museum when the rebels waltzed in said, “They had written authorization to take them away.” Who gave said permission, nevermind would even have official authority over the museum collections in the separatist-held city, remains unclear.
The guard said that the rebels loaded the tank and weapons into a large truck, adding that, “They took the tank that was least damaged.” It's doubtful that that tank and the Howitzers are in working order after not having been used operationally for decades. However, the guard said, “I think they're going to use them to fight.”
The separatists have demonstrated great artistry in reviving geriatric weapons systems thus far in the conflict. A recently posted YouTube video shows them revving up another World War Two-era tank—this time a Stalin-vintage example—which had sat out in the elements atop a monument in the town of Kostyantynivka for several decades. Thick smoke can be seen pouring from the tanks' exhaust pipes. Though, it remains unknown whether the band ever got it to budge.
Visitors to the popular museum were stunned on Friday, according to the report. One father who had brought his son to visit the museum not knowing of the rebels' actions told the AFP, “Can you believe it? They're even stealing museum exhibits now.”
The tank and howitzers were taken as the Ukrainian National Guard began a large push towards Donetsk with their own (rather more modern) armored vehicles. Clashes on Sunday occurred within 10 kilometers of the Malasia Airlines flight 17 crash site, prompting a ceasefire within a 40-kilometer (25-mile) radius of the site on Monday in order for Dutch and international regulators to continue their investigation and search for bodies.
Whether continued fallout from the ill-fated 777—which, according to US intelligence, was shot down using a Russian-supplied missile system—is holding up further armaments and leading to desperate measures such as those at the Donetsk museum remains unclear.
Follow artnet News on Facebook:
Dail W. Brown Jr. believed that a "far-flung syndicate" of government and private power brokers had infiltrated society, his lawyer said yesterday. When he discovered that his father, Dail W. Brown Sr., played a role in this evil syndicate, the son confronted his father, tumbled down some stairs with him and accidentally killed him at their Vienna home.
Actually, the elder Brown was a respected marine biologist for the National Marine Fisheries Services, and he was shot twice in the face. His son then decapitated him, amputated his limbs and otherwise mutilated the body so it could be moved out of the basement, the son's lawyer said. The son then cleaned up the horrific mess before his mother and sister arrived home.
In telling Brown's side of the story for the first time yesterday, at the opening of his trial in Fairfax County Circuit Court, his lawyers began making the case that he should be found not guilty by reason of insanity in the September 2006 slaying.
Fairfax prosecutors want to convict Brown of first-degree murder. Deputy Commonwealth's Attorney Casey M. Lingan said the killing was "one of the most brutal and heinous homicide scenes Fairfax County has ever seen." Detectives found the victim in the trunk of his son's car a day after the shooting.
Brown, now 38, drove to Columbus, Ohio, after the killing, because his father was originally from there, attorney James W. Hundley said in his opening statement, and that is where he was arrested two days after the body was found. He has been in custody since, being treated for mental illness and then restored to competency to stand trial last fall.
The victim, who was 64, had a doctorate in biological oceanography and was an expert in coastal and coral reef preservation. He headed the fisheries services' ecosystem assistance division until his retirement in August 2006, a month before he was killed.
After the retirement, tensions increased at home over the son's unemployment. Hundley said Brown's mental illness, described as "severe paranoid schizophrenia," prevented him from working. "It went completely untreated, nobody had taken any steps to treat it," Hundley said.
Brown's family began to notice his deterioration about 1996, Hundley said, and by 2002 he had stopped working, becoming "very withdrawn, sullen, paranoid." Brown was shot by police in Arizona in 2002, and apparently believed the syndicate was responsible.
Brown's version of various events was related to Anita Boss, a forensic psychologist who examined Brown to determine whether he was sane at the time of the killing, Hundley said. Boss is expected to testify this week.
Father and son were barely speaking to each other by fall 2006, Lingan said. The elder Brown had a post-polio degenerative condition, used a brace and a cane and endured chronic pain.
"Dail Brown Jr. believed his father's job was just a front," Hundley said, and that his real job was "to secretly get rid of government agents whose usefulness no longer existed." So the son confronted his father, leading to the alleged tumble down the stairs. Brown told Boss about the confrontation long after his arrest, Hundley said.
Lingan noted that after Brown dismembered his father and cleaned up, he wrote a note, purportedly from the elder Brown, to his mother. It said that he had flown to Seattle for a job opportunity. But the elder Brown had not taken his cellphone, briefcase or luggage, or mentioned the trip before, Lingan said.
Brown's mother, Patti Brown, came home that afternoon, found the note, saw her husband's car missing and called police. His dismembered body, in plastic bags, was discovered the next afternoon.
One of the strange consequences of quantum mechanics is the phenomenon of indistinguishability—that two quantum particles can be impossible to tell apart, even in principle. This happens, in part, because it is impossible to determine the precise position of quantum particles. So when two particles interact at the same location, there is no way of knowing which is which.
That gives rise to some exotic behavior, particularly at low temperatures when large numbers of particles can behave in the same way. The indistinguishability of photons makes lasers possible, the indistinguishability of helium-4 nuclei at low temperature leads to superfluidity and the indistinguishability of other nuclei like rubidium leads to Bose-Einstein condensates. Indistinguishability is rich in mysterious phenomena.
But some quantum particles are not indistinguishable in this way. Electrons, for example, are forbidden from sharing the same state by a law known as the Pauli exclusion principle. And that leads to a different kind of physics. The interactions between electrons, governed by this Pauli exclusion principle, is called chemistry and it is equally rich in exotic behavior.
The worlds of chemistry and indistinguishable physics have long been thought of as entirely separate. Indistinguishability generally occurs at low temperatures while chemistry requires relatively high temperatures where objects tend to lose their quantum properties. As a result, chemists have long felt confident in ignoring the effects of quantum indistinguishability.
Today, Matthew Fisher and Leo Radzihovsky at the University of California, Santa Barbara, say that this confidence is misplaced. They show for the first time that quantum indistinguishability must play a significant role in some chemical processes even at ordinary temperatures. And they say this influence leads to an entirely new chemical phenomenon, such as isotope separation and could also explain a previously mysterious phenomenon such as the enhanced chemical activity of reactive oxygen species.
Related Story First Object Teleported from Earth to Orbit Researchers in China have teleported a photon from the ground to a satellite orbiting more than 500 kilometers above.
In short, Fisher and Radzihovsky are turning chemistry on its head.
The key question behind this new thinking is whether quantum properties can really be ignored in most chemical reactions. Fisher and Radzihovsky say that while it may be generally true that quantum properties are lost at high temperatures, certain quantum phenomena endure.
They point in particular to the quantum coherence of atomic nuclei. Physicists have long known that the spins of nuclei can remain coherent over timescales of minutes or hours. Indeed, they exploit this phenomenon in a wide range of quantum computing experiments that rely on nuclear spins to store quantum information.
It's easy to think that nuclear spins have no significant effect on the way that electrons interact with each other in chemical reactions.
But that isn't the case, say Fisher and Radzihovsky. Nuclear spins can easily become coupled to other physical states, such as the way a molecule vibrates. When this happens, the properties of indistinguishability that are normally confined to nuclei leak out and influence the molecule as a whole.
Fisher and Radzihovsky say this has a particularly strong effect on small symmetric molecules, such as water or hydrogen. The reason is that when the spins of two nuclei interact, symmetry dictates that they can take on certain configurations but not others.
When that symmetry leaks into the chemical world, it means that the molecule can interact only in situations with similar spin symmetry.
For example, a hydrogen or water molecule contains two hydrogen nuclei which can either spin in the same direction, in which case the molecule is known as ortho-water, or in the opposite directions in which case the molecule is known as para-water. These different arrangements of the same molecule are known as spin-isomers.
That has implications for the way molecules interact with each other. In many chemical reactions, the way molecules lock together is important. If the molecules can't fit together like a key in a lock, the reaction can't happen.
Related Story Google's New Chip Is a Stepping Stone to Quantum Computing Supremacy The search giant plans to reach a milestone in computing history before the year is out.
Fisher and Radzihovsky show that quantum indistinguishability influences the way molecules fit together because it prevents interactions that don't match the symmetry of the of nuclei.
The researchers go on to show that this effect causes para molecules to be significantly more reactive than ortho molecules, because their symmetry matches that of a wider range of other molecules.
One area where this may play an important role is in enzymatic catalysis. Many enzymes rely on hydrogen to do their work. Now Fisher and Radzihovsky show that quantum indistinguishability must have a significant influence on this process.
Testing this prediction will be tricky. The obvious way is to measure the outcome of the same reaction performed with ortho- and para-versions of the molecules. But this is easier said than done. Ortho and para versions of the same molecule are hard to separate. Chemists achieved it for water for the first time only in 2014.
The chemical behavior of water and hydrogen is just the beginning. Fisher and Radzihovsky give numerous examples of other chemical processes that should also be influenced by quantum indistinguishability. These include isotope fractionation for which quantum indistinguishability provides a new mechanism, the phenomenon also explains the enhanced chemical activity of reactive oxygen species and provides a way for the spins of nuclei to influence biochemical molecules in general.
There is a rich trove of exotic behavior to study here. Testing these ideas will be hard but the rewards—a better understanding of some of chemistry's most subtle and important biological phenomenon—will provide substantial motivation. Expect to hear more.
Ref: arxiv.org/abs/1707.05320: Quantum Indistinguishability in Chemical Reactions
Illustrations Pierre La Police Pierre La Police
Cet appartement du Quartier Latin, Fabien Arnaud, 58 ans, l'a fantasmé pendant de longues années. Il associe son repaire, dans lequel il a emménagé il y a moins de deux ans, à un retour aux sources, non loin de cette Sorbonne qu'il a fréquentée lors de ses études de droit et de philosophie. Ce rêve, ce désir, que d'autres appelleront caprice, s'est mû en "évidence", presque en nécessité. Un "point d'appui émotionnel", théorise-t-il, d'une vie à redémarrer. Seul. Tout au moins sans l'épouse qu'il a décidé de quitter en 2011. Après vingt-cinq années de mariage, ce directeur des ressources humaines dans le secteur de la communication n'a pourtant rien de particulier à reprocher à son ex-femme. Le jeune divorcé évoque l'érosion d'une complicité, la lassitude des contraintes du couple, les désaccords du quotidien qui prennent une ampleur démesurée. Comme lui, aux alentours de la soixantaine, de plus en plus d'hommes mariés se séparent de leur conjointe.
Selon les chiffres publiés par l'Insee, en France, 13 569 hommes de 60 ans et plus ont divorcé en 2011, contre 6 144 en l'an 2000. Au Royaume-Uni, une étude de l'Office national des statistiques, publiée en août, précise même que les hommes sexagénaires sont, plus souvent que les femmes, ceux qui enclenchent la procédure de divorce. Un phénomène notable quand on sait que, dans les tranches d'âges inférieures, les épouses sont majoritairement à l'initiative de cette décision. Cette tendance, les spécialistes du couple la relèvent aussi de l'autre côté de la Manche, avec son lot de clichés et de banalités. Car, si chaque rupture résulte d'histoires singulières, ce moment de l'existence semble bien bouleverser des maris toujours un peu inquiets de voir, de leur propre aveu, le "compte à rebours" s'enclencher. Psychothérapeute de couples et de familles et auteure du livre Le Prince charmant et le Héros (L'Archipel 2004, Pocket, 2008), Geneviève Djénati voit dans ces comportements les conséquences d'une "crise du milieu de la vie" qui déboussole les hommes. "Avec, d'une part, l'entrée de plus en plus tardive des jeunes sur le marché du travail et, d'autre part, l'allongement de l'espérance de vie, on assiste à un déplacement de la crise de la quarantaine vers la soixantaine, avance-t-elle. Alors qu'elle correspond chez les femmes à une période délicate, souvent concomitante à la ménopause, cette phase se manifeste chez les hommes par un regain d'énergie, l'envie de ne pas sombrer, de se découvrir une deuxième jeunesse."
Fabien Arnaud assure pourtant n'avoir jamais été angoissé par son âge. Elégant dans sa veste de costume, les cheveux gris-blanc et le regard clair, il affirme avoir mis dix années à divorcer, figé qu'il était dans le ronronnement des habitudes, soucieux de voir ses deux filles, âgées de 23 et 26 ans, s'émanciper du cocon familial, avant d'envisager une séparation. Aujourd'hui, il regrette presque de n'avoir pas franchi le pas plus tôt, tant ses activités actuelles l'épanouissent. Un peu comme un ado enfin laissé tranquille par ses parents, l'homme décrit son plaisir de pouvoir évoluer "à [son] rythme", de retrouver une vie sociale plus riche, de sortir quand il en éprouve l'envie, de danser aussi, le rock, notamment, qu'il affectionne. "D'être plus ouvert aux autres", précise le père de famille, sans prononcer le mot "femmes" à la fin de sa phrase, pourtant clairement suggéré. Depuis juin, après de multiples aventures sans lendemain, le jeune divorcé a ainsi retrouvé "l'amour", dit-il, avec une compagne d'un an sa cadette.
Pour François de Singly, sociologue à l'université Paris-Descartes et auteur de Séparée (Armand Colin, 2011), l'un des principaux éléments d'explication de ce phénomène s'avère très trivial : "La logique du marché matrimonial demeure sous-tendue par des rapports de force qui, avec l'âge, sont de plus en plus favorables aux hommes. Et l'on se sépare davantage si l'on pense que l'on a plus de chances de retrouver quelqu'un." Avocate au barreau de Paris spécialisée dans le droit de la famille, Me Sophie Maltet énumère les atouts qui, les années passant, favorisent le genre masculin : un statut social souvent plus élevé que celui de leur épouse, notamment au sein des anciennes générations, et l'aisance financière qui l'accompagne. De quoi donner à ces messieurs des arguments pour séduire. Du moins en sont-ils convaincus.
Illustrations Pierre La Police
Les considérations pécuniaires, souvent citées par les hommes comme des sources de conflit, alourdissent d'ailleurs des procédures judiciaires dans lesquelles s'amoncellent des tonnes de détails à régler. "Lorsque l'on divorce après autant d'années de mariage, c'est parfois toute une vie qu'on se jette à la figure, raconte l'avocate. Il y a souvent un patrimoine commun qui a été constitué, qu'il faut alors partager dans la discorde, point par point." Et de signaler la violence que ces ruptures représentent souvent pour les femmes. L'une de ses clientes affirme ainsi être "tombée de l'armoire" lorsque son mari, un médecin de 62 ans, a fait exploser leur couple "pour aller s'éclater avec son pognon". Elle s'était pourtant rendu compte que son futur ex-époux n'était plus le même, mais n'imaginait pas autre chose que le burn out ou la dépression. "Je voyais une nouvelle période de vie se profiler, dégagée des soucis de carrière, d'éducation des enfants, où l'on aurait pu retrouver les bons moments du début comme de jeunes amoureux, se souvient cette femme de 60 ans, désabusée par ce qu'elle voit comme le mépris de trente années de mariage. Il a fallu renoncer à tout cela. C'est un sentiment de trahison extrêmement douloureux et difficile à accepter émotionnellement. Une phase de vie épouvantable."
Cette stupéfaction, Geneviève Djénati la retrouve chez ses patientes. Cet été encore, la thérapeute a vu débarquer dans son cabinet deux femmes dans la soixantaine et aux récits similaires. Parties en vacances avant que leurs maris ne les rejoignent, elles n'ont finalement jamais vu arriver leurs époux... qui s'étaient lancés dans la recherche effrénée d'une autre relation, comme s'il s'agissait d'une question de survie. "Chez les hommes, à l'approche de la retraite, il y a un risque d'ennui qui se dessine dans le côté statique que promet la vie à deux, commente Geneviève Djénati. A une période où les petits-enfants arrivent, où leur femme devient grand-mère, ces derniers cherchent ainsi à fuir coûte que coûte l'image de vieillesse que tout cela leur renvoie."
Paul (les prénoms ont été changés), 69 ans, admet avoir ressenti l'anxiété de vieillir aux côtés de la femme dont il a partagé la vie durant près de trente ans. Divorcé depuis quelques jours seulement, cet ancien fonctionnaire international avait quitté le domicile conjugal en 2006, après une énième mission à l'étranger. C'est à cette époque que le désormais retraité parisien fait la connaissance d'une jeune femme de 30 ans. Cette nouvelle compagne le "bouscule", le "titille", l'empêche de se laisser aller, y compris à la mélancolie et à la tristesse du temps qui passe. Surtout, il apprécie la liberté que cette relation "à la chacun chez soi" lui octroie, lui qui croit voir dans le quotidien de son fils de 27 ans des moments de vie qu'il n'a pas pu s'offrir au même âge. Marié une première fois dès l'âge de 22 ans, il a "l'impression de vivre aujourd'hui ce que vivent les gens avant 30 ans". "Dans les générations antérieures, on se mariait à 20 ans, on ne faisait pas de brouillon, réagit Geneviève Djénati. Du coup, c'est comme s'il y avait une sorte de sursaut qui pousse certains hommes à se replonger dans un quotidien similaire aux premiers moments de la vie adulte."
Ce retraité au sourire affable et aux yeux turquoise aime, comme Fabien Arnaud, se retrouver "maître de son temps, de son espace". Autre point commun, il se satisfait de plaisirs simples : voir des amis, sortir prendre un verre sans être obligé de rentrer à une heure précise, "lire pendant des heures sans avoir quelqu'un qui vous arrête pour vous dire qu'il faut passer à table". Une sorte de solitude agréable, agrémentée par une vie de couple sans contraintes, avec une femme plus jeune. Plein d'autodérision, l'homme divorcé décrit sa situation comme "ridiculement banale", et souligne que son entourage en sourit souvent. Car les proches s'étonnent régulièrement de ces ruptures tardives, prononçant d'un air hagard ces quelques mots maintes fois entendus par Me Sophie Maltet dans son cabinet : "Tout de même, après tant d'années de vie commune..." Les enfants, surtout, apparaissent quelquefois secoués. "Pour eux, ces expériences sont parfois très douloureuses, souligne l'avocate. Uni depuis des décennies, le couple parental demeure la référence ultime. Tout s'effondre. Surtout qu'il s'agit souvent de la période où ces jeunes adultes conçoivent des enfants et s'attachent à la symbolique familiale."
Parfois, aussi, la séparation prend une tournure inédite. Après vingt-sept années de vie commune, Charles a mis un terme à son mariage en 2010. Presque sur un coup de tête : "La réflexion de trop", commente-t-il. Sa femme évoque souvent la rupture, lui fait la sourde oreille. Installé à Rennes, le médecin psychiatre à la retraite, aujourd'hui âgé de 66 ans, se réfugie alors dans le bridge, qu'il a pratiqué à haut niveau, puis rencontre une autre femme, mariée elle aussi. L'aventure ne dure pas mais achève d'abîmer la confiance entre les deux époux. "Ce divorce, je ne le regrette pas, confie-t-il. Il nous a permis de solder nos comptes, en quelque sorte, aussi bien financiers que psychiques et émotionnels." Mais, depuis l'été 2012, le couple divorcé se revoit, à l'initiative de Charles. Les retrouvailles ont commencé par un dîner, puis par des fêtes de fin d'année en famille et enfin par des week-ends dans le Finistère ou le Morbihan. Tous les lundis, les deux ex-conjoints ont même décidé de s'adonner ensemble au tennis de table. Le sport de raquette est d'ailleurs la seule activité fixe de leur calendrier. Pour le reste prime la spontanéité. "Quelque chose de nouveau est en train de se construire, une histoire commune dans laquelle chacun conserve son indépendance", commente Charles. Une solitude agréable, toujours, dépourvue des contraintes qui ont émaillé, selon ces hommes, leurs années de vie de couple, et que la thérapeute Geneviève Djénati caricature en évoquant les paroles d'une célèbre chanson de Léo Ferré : "Avec le temps va, tout s'en va [...] et l'on se sent tout seul, peut-être... mais peinard." Peinard, un mot tellement masculin.
Around 30 large dolphins beached themselves in northeastern Brazil over the weekend, and news reports said Monday that at least seven of them had died.
The dolphins, known as false killer whales, ran aground early Sunday on the shallow sands of Upanema beach in Areia Branca, roughly halfway between the cities of Fortaleza and Natal.
Images distributed by the environmental police of Rio Grande do Norte state show beachgoers and passers-by attempting to aid the animals, which lay stranded in inches- (centimeters-) deep water. Most of the animals were still, occasionally twitching their tails, as beachgoers swabbed them with wet T-shirts.
O Globo newspaper reported Monday that at least seven on the animals died, six of them on the Upanema beach. O Globo said one animal died following an apparent shark attack after it was returned to the ocean. The report stressed that the dolphin was likely attacked in very deep waters and that area beachgoers needn't worry about shark attacks.
The paper said it was not immediately known why the animals beached themselves, but biologists were examining whether the pod leader might have been ill. Another hypothesis is that the dolphins were pursuing a school of fish and were trapped on Upanema's high sand banks.
O Globo said it was among the largest collective beachings in Brazil in recent decades. In 1991, around 19 whales beached themselves on the sands of the nearby town of Sao Miguel do Gostoso, the report said.
These false killer whales (Pseudorca crassidens) have a small conical head without a beak. Their dorsal fin is tall and their flippers (pectoral fins) have a distinctive hump or bulge in the middle of the front edge.
Last year, more than 177 short-beaked common dolphins were stranded on Cape Cod, and 124 died. Scientists didn't have a clear answer for the string of beachings, including a group of 11 in February.
Workers at the IFAW (International Fund for Animal Welfare), which has led the rescue efforts, tag and take blood samples of the stranded animals, necropsies have been done on dead dolphins and a Congressional briefing was held early this month in the push for answers. But researchers can offer only theories about things such as changes in weather, water temperature or behavior of the dolphins' prey. Geography may also play a role, if the dolphins are getting lost along the Cape Cod's jagged inner coastline.
According to a study published last month, dolphins have the longest memories of any animal besides humans.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Last month, researchers at Scotland's University of St Andrews also found that wild dolphins call back to a recorded copy of their own signature whistle, in effect answering to their name. That finding suggested that dolphins have developed a sophisticated means of communication with each other that is similar to human language, in that meaning is attached to sounds.
Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - An oil painting by Mexican artist Rufino Tamayo that was plucked from a sidewalk trash heap several years ago sold for more than $1 million on Tuesday at Sotheby's auction of Latin American art.
The auction house had estimated that “Tres Personajes” (“Three Personages”), which was stolen from a Houston warehouse after being bought at auction in 1977, would sell for between $750,000 and $1 million, but the work ended up selling for $1,049,000 including commission.
The oil-and-sand canvas was rescued from oblivion when a New York woman, Elizabeth Gibson, spotted it in a pile of trash at a curbside on Manhattan's Upper West Side and decided to bring it home.
Gibson walked by the vibrant, 38-inch by 51-inch (97 by 130 cm) work, then “immediately knew I had to go back. I knew I had to take it,” she said weeks before the auction.
“It was a huge, powerful and beautiful painting and I said to myself, ‘It is wrong to be in the garbage,'” Gibson added. She was told that shortly after her find, a trash collecting truck had come by and hauled away the refuse.
Gibson eventually researched the work and learned of its worth and history through an Internet site.
Sotheby's did not identify the seller, but Gibson was to receive a $15,000 reward for returning “Tres Personajes” to its rightful owners, plus an undisclosed percentage of the auction price.
Apart from the Tamayo, the auction was a relatively staid affair, with 20 of 70 lots on offer going unsold. In all it took in $15.235 million, coming in under the pre-sale estimate of $16.5 million to $21.6 million.
The top lot was Fernando Botero's “Le Dejeuner sur L'Herbe,” which fetched $1,329,000, missing its low estimate, which was $1.4 million.
Roberto Matta's “Et At It,” which was expected to sell for $2.5 million to $3.5 million, failed to sell. Another Tamayo, “Bodegon con Mujer,” also failed to sell.
By contrast Christie's auction on Tuesday totalled $21.7 million, the second best ever for auctioned Latin American art and just under the $22 million record Christie's set in May.
Der Schwarze Kanal (The Black Channel). The black, white and red sash on the (West German) eagle's chest is the flag of the pre-Tagesschau. Title graphic for East German television programme). The black, white and red sash on the (West German) eagle's chest is the flag of the pre- World War I German Empire while the background view of rooftops/antennas represents a parody the 1960s logo of ARD's news programme
Der schwarze Kanal ("The Black Channel") was a series of political propaganda programmes broadcast weekly between 1960 and 1989 by East German television Deutscher Fernsehfunk. Each edition was made up of recorded extracts from recent West German television programmes re-edited to include a Communist commentary.[1]
Terrestrial Penetration of West German TV reception (grey) in East Germany for ARD first channel
The programme was hosted by Karl-Eduard von Schnitzler and began on 21 March 1960. The name "Black Channel" is a play on words: in the German language "black channel" is a euphemism by plumbers for a sewer (compare English soil pipe). The name and the concept of the programme were originally a reaction to a West German programme named Die rote Optik ("The red viewpoint") authored by journalist Thilo Koch, which ran between 1958 and 1960 and analysed East German television clips.[2] Although the programme was primarily intended for domestic (East German) consumption, the programme makers (at least in the early days) hoped that those in the West who could receive DFF would also watch.[2]
The geography of the divided Germany meant that West German television signals (particularly ARD) could be received fairly readily in most of East Germany. Areas with no reception (black) such as parts of Eastern Saxony around Dresden were jokingly referred to as "Valley of the Clueless" (Tal der Ahnungslosen).[3] West German acronyms ZDF and ARD accounted for Zentrales Deutsches Fernsehen Außer Rügen und Dresden (Central German TV except Rügen and Dresden). Whilst radio signals from international broadcasters like the BBC and the American-backed local station RIAS in West Berlin could be jammed, it was diplomatically and technically awkward to block West German television as it would have been impossible to do so (with any degree of effectiveness) without affecting reception in parts of West Germany as well which (apart from being outlawed by treaty) in turn could have prompted the West Germans to retaliate against Eastern broadcasts.[1]
The solution, as seen by DFF, was to record items from the ARD and ZDF that were unwelcome in the East or provided a different spin on a news story and replay the items on the main DFF1 channel with a commentary "explaining" what was really "meant" by the item, or how the item was "untrue" or "flawed".[1]
The 20-minute programme was usually scheduled for transmission at around 21.30 on Monday evenings, before or after a film or some other popular item[2] in the hope that viewers tuning in early to catch the film would see the programme.[2] According to some sources official surveys gave a programme a 5% audience figure.[2]
The programme ceased broadcasting on 30 October 1989, just ahead of the opening of the borders with the west on 9 November, at which point the East German television service declared itself "free of government interference"[4] before merging less than a year later with its formerly rival West German television networks as a result of German reunification.
The programme was featured in the 1999 movie, Sonnenallee.
See also [ edit ]
RAMPUR: Latching on to the detention of Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan at a US airport, UP Minister Azam Khan has attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama over the condition of Muslims."Modiji is not permitting us to lead a peaceful life here and in America, PM's friend Barack Obama would not allow us to live," Khan told reporters here yesterday evening."We (Muslims) are a disturbed lot and don't know where to go," he added.The SP leader used the lyrics of a popular Hindi movie song 'samjhega kaun yaha, dard bhare dil ki zuban/Jaye toh jaye kahan' to stress his point.On the attack on BJP leader Brijpal Teotia in Ghaziabad, the Samajwadi Party leader said the use of bullet cannot be justified even if it is used for a right cause.He said the law and order in the state was on the right track and the police administration was taking prompt action against criminals."If crimes are committed, prompt action is taken and criminals are put behind the bars. The law and order condition in the state was on the right track," the Uttar Pradesh Urban Development Minister said.Asked about the BSP legislators joining BJP, he said, "Many politicians see more opportunities to mint money in the ruling BJP."
New research out from Google, working with market analysts Ipsos and Sterling Brands, puts some hard numbers behind the often-noticed trend of how people in the U.S. are using a combination of phones, tablets, computer and TVs to consume digital content.
While each of these has a significant place in our consumption today, their real power lies in how they are used together — in combination, 90% of all of our media consumption, or 4.4 hours per day, is happening across all four (which doesn't leave much room for paper-based books and publications; or for radio). This not only has implications for how content is designed, but also for how companies like Google will continue to hedge their bets across all four screens.
The state of TV viewing perhaps illustrates consumer usage best of all: polling 1,611 people across 15,738 media interactions and nearly 8,000 hours of activity during Q2, the study found that users are watching TV on average for 43 minutes per day session — the most of any screen — but 77% of that time we are simultaneously using another device like a smartphone or tablet.
The study also found that although a lot of attention is being focused on smartphones and apps, this device is not only the smallest screen in our world, it's also used for the shortest bursts, at 17 minutes per day session, compared to 30 minutes on tablets, 39 minutes on PCs and the 43 minutes watching TV.
But, while smartphones may have the shortest sessions be used the least overall , they are the most-used when it comes to on-boarding to a digital experience — or sequential device usage, as Google calls it. The research found that a majority of online tasks get initiated on a smartphone while being continued on another device — perhaps with a larger screen for easier use.
That effectively means that while your total content experience perhaps doesn't need to be designed for a smartphone experience, at least the initial part of it should be, and that part should be integrated with how that content might be used on other devices — so, for example, watching a film first on a phone and then finishing it on a TV, or starting a shopping experience on a phone and finishing it on a PC.
The survey also found that smartphones are the most common sidekick device used simultaneously with other screens. This is perhaps unsurprising, given that smartphones are small and in many ways complement the services we get on PCs, televisions and tablets, not just with apps but also with voice and text services.
So what are the implications for a company like Google?
Since the bulk of its revenue, despite all its other activities, still comes from ads alongside search, if Google eats its own dogfood, I think we're likely to see more and more integration with how it lets users search on one device and then continue that experience on another, as well as joined up search experiences across third-party and Google's own internet properties — both courtesy of their Google accounts.
Given that Google will have advertising following users along the way, it also implies Google continuing to make sure that it has a role to play across all of the screens. Whether it does so as a software-only player, or also through an increasing role in the hardware itself, remains to be seen, although products like Google's new tablet with Asus, and its new ownership of Motorola Mobility, seem to point in the latter direction.
The full research findings are available here and embedded below.
H-Nationalism is proud to publish here the eighth post of its “Secessionism and Separatism Monthly Series”, which looks at issues of fragmentation, sovereignty, and self-determination in a multi-disciplinary perspective. Today's contribution, by Professor Andre Liebich (Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies, Geneva), deals with Ukraine as the second in our series of case studies.
In spring 2014 militants in Eastern Ukraine proclaimed the People's Republic of Donetsk and soon thereafter the People's Republic of Luhansk. Western media refer to these entities as “separatist” (the official Ukrainian designation is “terrorist”). Yet, after more than two years of existence, they have not separated. Why not?
In the first flush of excitement, the authorities of the two breakaway republics loudly proclaimed their intention of following a “Crimean scenario.” They would first declare their independence from Ukraine and then petition to join Russia. They were further encouraged to envision expanding their scope by evidence of unrest in other Ukrainian regions and by the weakness of Ukrainian military means. Donetsk and Luhansk united in proclaiming a union that it named Novorossiya, endowed with a flag consisting of a red St. Andrew's cross with white borders against a blue background. Although the flag drew on a little remembered tsarist precedent it bore an uncanny resemblance to the flag of the Confederate States of America. In the spring and summer of 2014, Novorossiya prepared to extend its authority over Southern Ukraine, including the port city of Odessa, and reaching up to the Moldovan breakaway region of Transnistria. The name adopted, Novorossiya, was a historic construction that dated back to the nineteenth century imperial tsarist project of colonizing Russia's southern territories covering much of what is presently Ukraine and extending unto the shores of the Black Sea. Putin himself briefly used the term “Novorossiya” but the project of a new “Novorossiya,” never came to fruition. Local resistance, as well as strong opposition from irregular Ukrainian forces, obliged the partisans of Novorossiya to abandon their ambitious project. In the late summer of 2014, Ukrainian military units pushed back the “separatist” (or, in their vocabulary, “terrorist”) armies thus threatening the very existence of the self-proclaimed peoples' republics in Eastern Ukraine. It was only direct Russian military intervention that more or less re-established the status quo ante even as it put an end to dreams of Novorossiya. The Union of Donetsk and Luhansk that was the vehicle of this concept was quietly dissolved in 2015.
The People's Republics of Donetsk and Luhansk continued to exist, however. Polls undertaken by the Pew Research Centre in May 2014 showed that, whatever the thinking of the leadership that had seized power, the great majority of the population (70%) wanted to remain in Ukraine. This was true even for a majority (58%) of those in the East who defined themselves as Russian.[1] Their quarrel was with the new nationalist government in Kyiv whom Russian media, prevalent in Eastern Ukraine, were describing as “fascist.” Even those skeptical of the Russian presentation of events were moved by images of far-right demonstrations in Kyiv commemorating such villains (in Russian eyes) as Stepan Bandera, the head of an ultranationalist movement (OUN) in wartime Western Ukraine and the spiritual leader of Ukrainian partisans (UPA) who collaborated with Nazi Germany, murdered Jews and Poles, and continued the struggle against Soviet power after the war. Eastern Ukraine shared the Russian cult of the “Great Fatherland War” and that of liberation by the Soviet Army to such an extent that contrary views were seen as sacrilegious.[2] Moreover, after more than twenty years of living in an independent Ukraine that recognized only one official language, Ukrainian, in spite of the existence of a substantial Russian-speaking minority (officially, estimated at 17%) and the prevalence of Russian in all walks of life, Eastern Ukraine had finally benefited from the recent recognition of Russian as a regional language, a much contested disposition adopted to bring Ukraine into conformity with its commitments to the Council of Europe under the terms of the Charter for Minority and Regional Languages.[3] It was this disposition that the new Ukrainian parliament sought to abolish and, even though the abolition failed to obtain presidential assent, it confirmed Eastern Ukraine's suspicion of the new régime in Kyiv. In short, there was widespread sympathy for the spirit in which the “separatist” authorities defied Kyiv but little desire to break ties definitively with Ukraine.
The most important factor behind Donetsk's and Luhansk's failure to carry through on their leaderships' project of separation from Ukraine and adherence to Russia was Russia itself. Moscow was surprised by the vehemence of international reaction to its annexation of Crimea. Whereas the Kremlin had compared this move to the declaration of independence of Kosovo, world opinion saw it as a flagrant violation of international norms, the forceful seizure of territory that belonged to another state in direct contradiction not only to general principles of respect for the integrity of state territory but to Russia's specific commitment to Ukrainian integrity as embodied in the Budapest Declaration of 1994 according to which Russia (as well as the United States and the United Kingdom) guaranteed Ukrainian borders in return for Ukraine's adherence to the Treaty on Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons. Many observers acknowledged that most inhabitants of Crimea would have voted for adherence to Russia in a free referendum but non-Russian media managed to sweep aside the referendum held in Crimea as fraudulent and held under duress. Russia's appeals to the principle of “self-determination of peoples,” (the argument that had prevailed in the West during the break-up of Yugoslavia in the 1990s) made no impact. Indeed, the members of the United Nations Security Council all (with the exception of Russia, of course) voted to condemn the Russian move, with even Russia's ally, China, abstaining. Such a reaction certainly gave Russia pause. It underlay Russia's reluctance to pursue the Novorossiya project and it explains, in part, Russia's unwillingness to welcome Donetsk and Luhansk into the Russian Federation, as it had welcomed Crimea.
Even more important, however, is the role that Russia seeks to have Eastern Ukraine play with regard to Ukraine itself. Sober minds in Russia acknowledge that, for a long time to come, Ukraine would not be the “little brother” to Russia that it once was seen to be (at least in Russia). Ukrainian identity has now coalesced around anti-Russianism, a sentiment that was once prevalent only in Western Ukraine but now has spread throughout most of Ukraine. Russia no longer has realistic hopes of integrating Ukraine into its Eurasian Union, an Eastern response to the EU, thus perhaps dealing a fatal blow to the future of the Eurasian Union. Russia does, however, count on attaining its overwhelmingly important goal: maintaining Ukraine outside NATO. The prospect of this important neighbor entering an alliance that Moscow considers as anti-Russian as it had once been anti-Soviet is a nightmare for the Kremlin. In its eyes, NATO is bent on reducing Russia to the status of a compliant minor power, through all possible means including internal subversion and fragmentation, military threat, and economic pressure. Absorption of Ukraine into NATO would be a significant step in that direction. The existence of the Donetsk and Luhansk Peoples' Republics, under the influence of Moscow, is thus the most important card that Russia has to play with regard to Ukraine's future alliance strategy. These entities would only return to the authority of Kyiv if the latter makes a firm commitment to remain outside the NATO sphere and adherence to this commitment would be vouchsafed by giving Eastern Ukraine a veto over Ukraine future alignments. It is this reasoning which explains both the adoption of the Minsk agreements, in September 2014 and February 2015, and the difficulties of their implementation. Whereas Moscow calls for Ukraine to adopt measures which would, effectively, tie Kyiv's hands with regard to its international position, Ukraine, and specifically the Ukrainian Parliament, is unwilling to make such concessions to those whom it sees as agents of an enemy foreign power.
For Russia, annexation of Donetsk and Luhansk would thus serve no purpose and would even make likely the scenario that Russia fears most: Ukraine's total alignment with the West culminating in its entry into NATO, now prevented by Kyiv's hopes of recovering Eastern Ukraine and the objections of NATO members who fear the added responsibilities and dangers (vis-à-vis Russia) that an Ukrainian NATO would imply. Russia is already the largest country in the world. It does not need more territory, as it has shown by establishing Abkhazia and Southern Ossetia as independent states rather than annexing them. In this respect, Crimea is the exception that confirms the rule. Whereas Crimea has strategic significance because of the Russian naval base located there and because of the access it provides to the Black Sea, Eastern Ukraine plays no such role. It does represent an industrial heartland which produces much of what Russia imports from Ukraine, particularly arms, but it is also a “rust belt” whose economic future is uncertain. Nevertheless, Russia cannot abandon the Eastern Ukrainian people's republics. The enormous popularity of Crimea's “return to the motherland” among virtually all Russians demonstrates that the Kremlin is well-advised to take account of popular sentiment, much of which is more radically nationalist than the version of nationalism that Putin espouses. Western opinion has made much of the Bolotnaya demonstrations that began in late 2011, seeing in them an expression of liberal opposition to Putin. Not only did these demonstrations include an important nationalist presence but the radical xenophobic demonstrations at the Manezh Square the previous year attracted far more participants. Putin is already criticized for providing insufficient support to “compatriots” in Eastern Ukraine. He cannot be seen as doing less or, worse still, betraying them.
Ukraine too has hardened its position vis-à-vis Eastern Ukraine. Even as it has continued to affirm that Donetsk and Luhansk are integral parts of Ukraine “temporarily” under hostile occupation, it has walled off the area from the rest of Ukraine, for instance, ceasing to pay salaries and pensions there. Some beneficiaries cross the border to collect what is their due; others depend on subsidies from Moscow. In all cases, ties with Kyiv are fraying. There have not been reliable recent polls in Eastern Ukraine, such as the ones cited earlier, but it is likely that the number of Eastern Ukrainians who see no future for themselves in a united Ukraine has grown. Meanwhile, the authorities in Donetsk and Luhansk, aware of the constraints under which Moscow is operating, are increasingly pursuing self-regarding policies, enjoying their ability to disregard Moscow's wishes, even as they flaunt their dependence upon their Russian protector.
The Donetsk and Luhansk People's Republics are, with Transnistria, examples of separatist movements in the former Soviet Union which have not crossed the line towards actual separation. Maintaining the prospect of separation without separating is a delicate game. Who is to say that it may not end badly for the parties concerned?
You have made it to my 2016 420 vaporizer sales article! I will be updating this vaporizer sales/deals page all day every day for the next 5 days surrounding the most wonderful day of the year, April 20th, 2016.
Update 4/8/17: The new 420 Vaporizer Sales article for 2017 is up!
If you have any questions about a particular vaporizer or specific sale feel free to leave a comment below or hit me up on my contact page and I will get back to you as soon as possible to not delay your buying window.
If you don't really know what kind of vaporizer you want, I recommend reading my article for the best dry herb portable vaporizer and check out all of my portable vaporizer reviews for more options.
If you have any sales that you think should be added to the site feel free to leave a comment below and try to verify it as soon as possible.
Thanks again for checking out my site and happy 420! #420 #vaporizerwizard #420sales
Here are the 420 vape sales for 2016 (still updating):
PUFFITUP:
CM – 20% off Crafty or Mighty
BIGNEWS – 15% OFF Sitewide
ALFA – Goboof Alfa for $155
AIR – Arizer Air for $169
HZ3 – Haze v3 + Tanks for $179
PRIMA – Vapir Prima for $199
FOCUS – Focus Vape for $89
MP420 – Flowermate Mini Pro V5.0 for $99
FM420 – Flowermate v5.0s w/ H20 Adapter for $79
PaxVapor:
I don't know of any sales on the Pax 2 yet, but PaxVapor is running #PAXfreshlybaked event. Details below:
We're giving out four hundred and twenty FREE #PAXfreshlybaked pizzas in 5 locations next Wednesday! Grab your buds and stop by our Pizza Party:
1) 4th and Congress in #Austin, TX
2) Civic Center in #Denver, CO
3) South Beach on 5th St in #Miami, FL
4) Washington Square Park in #NYC, NY
5) MYSTERY LOCATION
TheFirefly:
Firefly 2 is currently on Pre-Order for $329 and while I would like to see a discount on the product, I don't really think they will run any sales because that would be completely unfair to all the people who have already pre-ordered the new unit. The Firefly 2 is expected to ship end of May 2016.
VapeWorld:
420 – 20% OFF Sitewide!
420 Secret Stash Packs comes with surprise accessories
$139.99 – Grenco Science Pack
$149.99 – Magic Flight Pack
$239.99 – QuickDraw 500 Pack
$249.99 – Dr. Dabber Pack
$279.99 – PAX 2 Pack
VapeXhale:
420 Supercharged Accessories Bundle FREE with any Starter Kit. ($100 Value) Supercharged Kit Includes: Herb Basket 4 Pack Green VapeXHeat Shield Dab Tool VapeXNail 5 Pack Silicontainer 5 Pack
Daily Deals through Wednesday, April 20th, 2016
My CloudEVO Review
Grenco Science (G PEN):
$169 – G Pen Elite
My G Pen Elite Review
Haze Technologies:
PlanetoftheVapes:
20% OFF a LOT of good stuff. Code will be announced on 4/20 12:00AM EST. The Code is is “420%OFF”
VaporizerUSA:
420SALE25 – 25% OFF Sitewide
VaporNation:
SPRING – 10% OFF Sitewide (20-25% on 4/20)
7th Floor:
24% OFF orders over $100
EpicVape:
420sale16 – 20% OFF Sitewide
Dr Dabber:
20% OFF Sitewide
VapeFiend:
420 – £10 OFF orders over £50
Namaste Vaporizers:
4202016 – 15% OFF Everything!
Underdog Log Vapes:
10% OFF Vapes
20% OFF Accessories
**Goes Live on 4/20**
TheVapeLifeStore:
freedom420 – 20% OFF Sitewide
30percent – 30% OFF Select Items
W9 Tech:
W9TECH – 10% Sitewide (I think)
Aroma-Tek:
Thick Ass Glass:
20%OFF420 – 20% OFF Sitewide
30%OFF710 – 30% OFF orders over $710
Lotus Vaporizer:
15% OFF
420Science:
20% OFF – Incredibowl Products
Many more sales as well
TheHammerVaporizer:
420SALE – The Hammer Pro for $77 ($42 OFF)
Jyarz:
50% OFF Everything with code “420”
DynaVap:
SourceVapes:
Iolite Vaporizer:
HydraVaporTech:
AutralianVaporizers:
VapoShop:
Campus shootings generate more comment than comparable mayhem in other workplaces. When a blue-collar worker goes on a killing rampage, public hunger for an explanation can often be satisfied with the tautological observation that he (or on occasion she) was "disgruntled." The same short answer won't suffice when the perpetrator is a professor. Academics are theoretically defined by their participation in "the life of the mind," and therefore we require their motives for murder to be more idea-driven than those of a laid-off postal worker.
In the five days since the serial revelations of the Amy Bishop tragedy began breaking, it's been fascinating to track the rival and sharply politicized interpretations imposed on her alleged crime, in the media at large and especially in the teeming petri dish of opinion called the Internet.
An assistant professor of biology who had recently lost a protracted battle for tenure at the University of Alabama in Huntsville, the 44-year-old Bishop had been sitting quietly in a departmental meeting on February 12 when she allegedly brandished a nine-millimeter pistol and began methodically shooting her colleagues; three were dead and three more wounded before the survivors rushed her as she tried to reload.
It subsequently emerged that Bishop had been involved in the fishy 1986 shooting death of her 18-year-old brother, Seth, at the family home in Braintree, Massachusetts. Police dropped their inquiry into the matter after Bishop's mother, who according to recollections of officers who were on the force at the time, sat on the police personnel board, persuaded their chief that the fatal shotgun blast had been an accident, as Amy asked Seth for help in unloading the gun. That version of events has since been undermined by Braintree's current police chief, who told reporters on February 13 that Bishop discharged the shotgun three times, once before and once after killing her brother. She then reportedly fled to a nearby car dealership, where she held up two employees (according to one of the unfortunates involved) and demanded that they give her a getaway car. Moments later the police arrived and disarmed her at gunpoint. Apparently, though, the police report on the incident had been missing from the department's files since at least 1988.
The story got wilder still when it was reported that Bishop and her husband, James Anderson, had been questioned by agents of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms in 1993 about two dud pipe bombs mailed to one of the evaluators of Bishop's doctoral dissertation at Harvard. Since then it has been revealed that Bishop, a mother of four, punched another woman in the head in 2002 in a dispute over the last booster seat at an International House of Pancakes.
But even before these freaky secondary aspects of the case had come to light, the bloggerati (and answering commentariat) had begun generating competing narratives to account for the shootings. One the earliest out of the gate was video blogger Zennie Abraham Jr., whose work can be found on the Bay Area Examiner site and the San Francisco Chronicle's City Brights blog network; he's also covered electoral politics for the Huffington Post. Rejecting the current consensus that Bishop was angry at having been denied tenure, Abraham offered a two-sided explanation for her alleged actions: On one hand, he posited, she "believed that someone in that organization, that university, was trying to steal her idea" for a biotech invention that she and her husband were developing; on the other, she was unduly stressed by "an environment that is anti-intellectual and perhaps having some problems adjusting to the south."
Abraham's first guess sidesteps the fact that UAH, like all comparable research institutions, has a well-defined profit-sharing policy for patents developed on university time. By his second theory, Abraham seems to have been inferred that Bishop, as a Harvard product, was operating on far higher level than her hick-town colleagues—although the clarity of this argument is blurred by his assertion that the Harvard angle is so irrelevant that it should never have been reported. At any rate, Abraham's culture-shock thesis is—as several commenters pointed out—tough to reconcile with the fact that high-end academic credentials are common as kudzu around Huntsville, which is a major hub of aeronautics and engineering R & D.
Conservative construction of the tragedy is summed up by a plethora of blog headlines identifying Bishop as a "socialist professor" or "socialist serial killer," and much reiteration of the Boston Herald's anonymously sourced assertion that she is "a far-left political extremist who was 'obsessed' with President Obama to the point of being off-putting."
A related strain of commentary construed the shootings as a function of Bishop's presumed feminism. Some conservatives proposed the simple equivalence of liberalism/feminism and insanity; their more restrained fellow travelers allowed that it would be improper to crudely politicize the shootings, though some further postulated, perhaps not without justice, that if Bishop's politics were remotely conservative, the liberal enemy would be all over it. Objectors to the "socialist" trope noted that the tag was first put into play by a single comment culled from Bishop's very mixed student evaluations at RateMyProfessor.com, where, as any academic can attest, anything and everything will eventually be said.
Foes of affirmative action floated two theories, one to the effect that Bishop was hired for her gender and wasn't qualified for tenure, the other positing that she was denied tenure because she was white and chose her victims accordingly. Conservatives were also quick to pounce on the racial dimensions of the shootings, noting that all of the deceased were nonwhites and demanding to know why progressives weren't pillorying Bishop as a racist. But the racial interpretations are problematized by Professor Joseph Ng's eyewitness account of the shootings, which stated that Bishop simply "started with the one closest to her and went down the row."
Still other conservatives predicted that feminists would appropriate Bishop as a symbol of the way that women are marginalized in the fields of science and technology. To date, I've only encountered such arguments in the peanut gallery of comments sections; however, professor Gina Barreca, who blogs about women's issues for the Chronicle of Higher Education, found another way to cast the alleged shooter as a victim: Bishop, she wrote, "was a different soul, one who apparently howled out her pain and rage 20 years ago, one who might have been rescued or restrained, one who might have been cured or caged or at least taken out of circulation. But because she was smart and because someone was willing to take care of her, the system forgave her—only to have her attack and allegedly kill those who represented another kind of system, one that did not reward her to her satisfaction, 24 years later. She thought the world was unfair and she was right."
Men's rights activists positioned the story as an equalizing demonstration of the female capacity for violence and pointed to Bishop's track record of unchecked violence as an example of the "pussy pass" women supposedly enjoy before the law. A proponent of intelligent design drew links between the slayings and her participation in the Clergy Letter Project, an initiative to evangelize the theory of evolution to ministers. Anti-Semitic and white supremacist bloggers decided Bishop was Jewish and demonstrating the "entitlement" characteristic of her race. Critics of the pharmaceutical industry jumped to the conclusion that Bishop had been knocked off her rocker by antidepressants. Academics expressed their wonder that the tenure process didn't culminate in bloodshed more frequently.
Everywhere and always, the Harvard brand loomed large in commenters' imaginations, though it meant different things to different observers. To some it was presumptive proof of Bishop's insufferable elitism; to others definitive evidence of her brilliance. As an Ivy League PhD, I would argue that both presumptions are incautious—the latter perhaps slightly more so than the former. Also, none of the online commentary I've seen has registered the sharp status differential between Ivy League undergrads and grad students. These are different social types entirely, as dissimilar in aspect and lifestyle as the Eloi and the Morlocks in H.G. Wells's The Time Machine. Bishop, it's worth noting, did her undergraduate degree at Northeastern University, a fine enough school I'm told, but not widely seen as an incubator of the aristocracy.
Presumptions of Bishop's genius were cast into doubt by California lawyer and blogger Mary Agnes O'Connor, who took a hard look at Bishop's archived UAH Web pages and found evidence that her tenure portfolio was a house of cards: Bishop's published research plan remained essentially unchanged between 2003 and 2008, which suggested that her work on "resistance to nitro-oxidative stress in CNS cells" may have been going nowhere. O'Connor also discovered that the most recent article on Bishop's list of scholarly publications was cocredited to three of her children, who are identified as employees of "Cherokee LabSystems" despite the fact that the eldest is 18, and was published by a journal of last resort whose declared philosophy of peer review "is that any paper that has interest to the readers and is reasonably written will be published. Thus the Editor is looking for reasons to publish your paper, NOT reject it."
Ultimately, of course, we're just going to have to wait for Vanity Fair and/or Law & Order to issue any authoritative verdict on the meaning of the Huntsville tragedy. In the meantime, our invaluable marketplace of ideas stays open all night.
In addition to Crécy, I also bought Frankenstein's Womb as part of the Avatar Press sale on Comixology. I was going to use it as an additional example of Warren Ellis writing a history lesson — but as I reread the story, I realized that it was actually much deeper than that. It appeared to deliberately contrast against Alan Moore's From Hell — not just superficially, but thematically as well.
First, let's define the term “spiritual antithesis”: where a “spiritual successor” is a work that deliberate evokes an earlier, similar work (like Stranger Things evoking The Goonies or Stand by Me), a spiritual antithesis is a work that deliberately references an earlier work in order to go in the complete opposite direction. (Kieron Gillen has a good example of this when he reread Frank Miller's 300 and it gave him the impetus to write Three, about a group of Spartan slaves rebelling against their masters.)
Frankenstein's Womb, a graphic novel by Warren Ellis and Marek Oleksicki, is a story about Mary Shelly and Frankenstein. Or, rather, a story about the history of Mary Shelly, as told by Frankenstein's monster to her.
During a stop on their trip to Darmstadt, Mary Godwin (soon to be Shelley) decides to visit Frankenstein Castle. There, she runs across a man.
Advertisement
As the monster guides Mary through the castle, he shows her the past of Johann Conrad Dippel, often thought to be the inspiration behind Victor Frankenstein.
Advertisement
The monster tells Mary that Dippel is an alchemist that sought the elixir of immortality.
Advertisement
As the monster shows Mary his birth, he contrasts it with Mary's own birth, which caused her mother to die.
Finally, Mary gets fed up with being led around and confronts the monster about his ramblings.
Advertisement
And so he shows her the future.
Advertisement
This scene, in fact, this entire sequence is deliberately evoking and contrasting From Hell by Alan Moore and Eddie Campbell.
In From Hell, Sir William Withey Gull, the Queen's physician, becomes Jack the Ripper when he kills a number of prostitutes that threatened to blackmail the royal family. Gull, however, firmly believes that the murders will also serve as a ritual in order to preserve male power over female power.
When Gull has finally killed his last victim and is mutilating her body (as part of his ritual), he has a vision of the future.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Gull reacts to the present day office building in shock and horror. He considers this place — where technology has eased everyone's burdens, where women wear tight clothing and nobody seems to care — to be Hell. He despises the future, unlike Mary who seems in awe of it, the fact that life can be brought from electricity.
There's also the fact that Gull is a complete misogynist. He considers killing Mary Kelly to be his gift — otherwise, she would have lived a dull and uninteresting life, dying from “liver failure, men or childbirth,” while now, she will live forever as one of the victims of Jack the Ripper.
Advertisement
Contrast that with the monster telling Mary of her death:
Mary achieves immortality through her works, through her books, her fiction. It is through herself she achieves it, while Gull believes himself to have made Mary Kelly immortal simply by killing her.
Advertisement
Notice the line “You die, Mary, giving birth to the future”? Now where have we heard that before?
Gull believes that he is delivered the future, given birth to it, but in Frankenstein's Womb, it's Mary Shelley who gives birth to the future. It's her future, not Jack the Ripper's.
Advertisement
I could go on about the contrasts between the two books — how Gull's misogyny and opposition to women's suffrage in From Hell in contrasted with Mary Shelley and her mother's belief in making a “new genus” of women or that Gull seeks to “purify” the women he is killing, transmuting them from the “base matter” they are, while the monster explains that Mary Shelly is already “gold wrought from base matter,” as she was born from the dead.
And then there is Gull's declaration of his love for Mary Kelly. “Do you understand how I have loved you?” Gull is, quite obviously, going insane, but this line perfectly shows his thinking in all this — that he is doing these killings because he believes it is for the best. That by killing Mary Kelley, he is sparing her a dull future. He believes this is love.
Unlike the monster, who showed Mary Shelley the future in order to prepare her.
Advertisement
Gull believes he is working alchemy, changing the world. But it is Mary Shelley who is the alchemist, who achieves immortality and changes the world not through death, but through life.
I'm not sure of Warren Ellis did all this deliberately, but the two books almost work in conjunction — From Hell, however, is the bleaker view, while Frankenstein's Womb is the brighter one, the one lit by electricity.
William Seavey, founder of Seavey Vineyard in St. Helena's Conn Valley, died at his home on Sept. 21, following a long illness. He was 86.
Mr. Seavey had a notable career as a lawyer, educator and public servant before he and his late wife, Mary, began their lives as vintners. Now in its 26th harvest, the Seavey winery has distinguished itself among Napa Valley Cabernets for its wines' exceptional ability to age and rustic, restrained style.
The estate model, in which a winery grows all of its own grapes, is an increasingly endangered species in Napa Valley. Seavey Vineyard is a holdout from a bygone era. “Dad was very proud of always farming our own land with our own crew,” said his daughter Dorie Seavey, now the winery's president. “He was a man of few words. He would raise his right hand and shake his finger and say, ‘I've never bought a grape in my life!'”
Born in Los Angeles in 1930, Mr. Seavey grew up in Coronado, near San Diego. He was an avid swimmer from a young age. As a child, he was a boy scout, and delivered newspapers on his bicycle; during World War II, he was a neighborhood messenger, going from house to warn of power outages. He attended Princeton University and Harvard Law School, where he met Mary, then an undergraduate at Radcliffe College.
His pre-wine career included stints as the mayor of Coronado and the assistant U.S. attorney there; a doctoral degree (and successful ascent of Mont Blanc) from the University of Geneva, in Switzerland; a lectureship at Mills College in Oakland; an internationally focused law career in San Francisco; and the founding directorship of the French-American Chamber of Commerce.
In 1979, the Seaveys purchased the 200-acre property at the base of Howell Mountain. The seller? His daughter Dorie's former geometry teacher, who had hosted Dorie and classmates for weekends at the ranch years before. The property has a long, rich history, originally as the Franco-Swiss Wine Company, which operated as a winery, dairy and distillery; then, during Prohibition, as a cattle ranch.
The promise of the site was clear early on. An 1882 article in the St. Helena Star notes that the Franco-Swiss “vineyards are models of good care and excellent cultivation.” It goes on: “The quality of the grapes produced by it is evidenced by the wines now in the cellar, one of which — a Zinfandel Claret — we have rarely seen equaled.”
The Seaveys set to work replanting the vineyard, whose vines total 40 acres, and produced their first vintage of wine in 1990. The original 1881 dairy barn was retrofitted to serve as the winery. Gary Galleron was initially the winemaker; Philippe Melka, now a very well-known consultant, was its winemaker from 1995 to 2000, at which point he switched to a consultant role. (Jim Duane holds the role today.) Together, Melka and Mr. Seavey honed the distinctive style of the estate's wines: structured, rugged and elegant, showcasing the quintessentially chewy tannins of Howell Mountain.
“They never put any emphasis on marketing,” Dorie said. “They just hoped that people would come discover the wines.” And they did — winning critical acclaim (Robert Parker once called Seavey “one of the great, unheralded, under-the-radar terroirs in all of Napa Valley”), if quietly.
Mr. Seavey put a good deal of the property into conservation easements, ensuring that it would always remain undeveloped. He chose to farm conscientiously. Cattle have long roamed the vineyards. A lover of aged, Bordeaux-style wines, Mr. Seavey held back one-quarter of the winery's 4,000-case production every year in order to keep a substantial wine library. Today, Seavey is known for its frequent releases of well-aged wines.
“Dad was very proud of keeping things really simple, and he thought that our way of winemaking — very gentle, patient, showing a lot of restraint — was the best way to handle the grapes that our property produces,” Dorie said.
His health was in decline for over six months before he died of lung complications. Mr. Seavey maintained his characteristic dignity through the end. “He was of that generation,” Dorie said, “stoic, never complaining, hanging on to each day.”
His death is preceded by his wife Mary's in 2008. He is survived by his children Dorie, Art, Will, Fred and Charley; granddaughters Sarah and Annie Jefferson; and grandsons Jason and Cole Seavey.
In lieu of flowers, the family suggests donations to the Land Trust of Napa County. Details about a memorial service will be shared at a later date.
Seavey Vineyard, 1310 Conn Valley Rd., St. Helena. 707-963-8339. www.seaveyvineyard.com Open for tastings, by appointment only, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. daily.
My Experience With Linux of the 90s, or why I have Linux Desktop PTSD
Jen Andre Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 14, 2016
I have Linux on my phone right now (I've finally switched from Apple -> Android). My terror of malware aside, it's a delightful experience. I see people using Linux on their desktops/laptops, and it JUST WORKS.
This continues to amaze me. In the 90s, back when I started using Linux, one did not simply ‘install' Linux.
I ran Linux as my desktop throughout high school (dual-booted) and, along with a brief stint with NetBSD, as my primary OS in college. Thinking back, I'm not sure why, other than a) I was cheap, and b) it was what the other cool kids on IRC were doing. Linux, as a desktop, unequivocally sucked.
You kids these days. You have it easy. Here are some of the things I remember fondly about Linux in the olden days that still trigger my PTSD:
1. Trying not to blow away your computer when partitioning your disk.
Ah yes. Most of us started our Linux journeys with computers that had Windows already installed on it. Despite what the free software hippies of the day said, you still needed Windows occasionally to do useful work (Open Office? lol). This was before the days of virtualization, so using both meant you literally had to physically reboot between your Linux and Windows installs.
Before you could install Linux, you had to re-partition your disk — i.e. resizing the space allocated to Windows so you had enough disk space for Linux. Then, configure a bootloader to switch between your operating systems. Then (if you were smart) you provided a burnt offering and prayed.
To do these things, you were forced to use arcane command line tools written by developers before the concepts “User Experience” and “Documentation” were invented. And if you were doing this on the family computer (like I was) you'd better not mess it up, or you'd have a bunch of angry people knocking at your door unable to log into AOL, or worse. Goodbye dad's TurboTax records!
which option would you like? choose wisely. hope you didn't like booting windows!
2. Nothing worked until you recompiled your kernel at least 10 times.
Sound? Video drivers? Networking?? Lollll. Nope. To get that device driver support you needed, you had to know how to recompile your kernel. Kernel modules were not really a thing yet, and they certainly didn't come precompiled and ready for you on distro install. Remember, your ISOs took EIGHT BILLION YEARS to download on dial-up. We ain't shipping no extra binaries.
Because of this, every install had a bespoke, monolithic kernel, crafted by you, like a special snowflake. Did you know what a kernel was before this? Or a compiler? Too bad. Go troll forums and mailing lists for what you need to enable when you run `make menuconfig`over and over again. Enjoy.
THANKS FOR THE HELPFUL GRAPHICAL USER INTERFACE, LINUX!
3. You want a GUI? Be prepared to edit XF86Config over, and over, and over again.
When it came to GUIs, Linux was especially stupid. Today, you can just plug in a display, and your operating system will automagically detect what display driver to use, and what resolution and frame refresh rate and horizontal sync range you need for your monitor. “Horizontal sync range”, you might say. “Are these words even words a computer user needs to know?”
xf86config tool. kill me
Well, you did. Because you literally had to configure this yourself. And beware if you chose the wrong values. Starting X windows would yield a weird distorted world where your whole UI was rendered in one third of your screen and oozed like a Salvador Dalí painting. Or at worst, you ruin your monitor. Godspeed.
4. Your filesystem was a house of cards made of spiderwebs and magic.
Journaling filesystems. Two magical, magical words. Back then, when we were all using ext2, we did not have such luxuries. God help you if you powered off with the power button instead of issuing a clean shut down command, or say, hit the power cord with your foot, or the power cut out in the neighborhood, or you just looked at it weirdly when restarting.
Basically, just try not to reboot ever, ok?
Because on the next startup, your boot up process will halt mid-way, and your filesystem will barf screaming about inconsistencies and lost inodes and generally stomp its feet around pissed off. You will now be mounting your filesystem in read only and running fsck on the partition and saying, “there there now” in soothing tones until your filesystem is placated.
Or if you're bold: start fsck with ‘y' enabled, and go make a coffee. Come back when the command completes, and cross your fingers that it worked and didn't just wipe out like, all of that code you wrote for that CS assignment due tomorrow. “FIXED THAT FOR YOU” — thanks Linux!
5. PPP
I did not just randomly type these letters. Suffice to say, back when we were all on dialup, you had to know what this was and configure it to get a modem to work and connected online, and like everything else it was a bitch to get working.
In conclusion
Linux today is awesome. You have no idea. THINGS JUST WORK. And hell: everything I develop is for Linux (via a Mac running Virtualbox).
You never know. This may be (for me) the year of Linux on the Desktop — all over again. ;)
Washington Free Beacon reports:
Multiple senior Obama administration officials, including former secretary of state John Kerry, traveled the globe to promote trade with Iranian companies, including Iran Air, at the same time Iran was found to be ferrying militants into Syria. Lawmakers and others suspect the Obama administration either hid or downplayed this information in order to preserve the nuclear deal.
“The Obama administration lifted sanctions against Iran Air as a political concession during nuclear negotiations with Iran, not because of any change in its activity,” Rep. Peter Roskam (R., Ill.), one of the lawmakers calling for an investigation into Iran's use of commercial aircraft for military purposes, told the Free Beacon.
“Using social media and public flight tracking websites, any person with a computer can document Iranian military transports to Syria on commercial jets,” Roskam said. “The Obama administration undoubtedly knew Iranian airliners were being used to fuel Assad's atrocities in Syria, but the administration officials who were globetrotting as Tehran's chamber of commerce trying to shore up the nuclear deal didn't care.”
“Iran Air continues to support the Iran-Assad war machine to this day, and the Trump administration must hold the airline accountable and work to stop them,” the lawmaker said.
The annual Leonid meteor shower reaches its peak this week and may get a boost from a moonless weekend sky.
The actual peak of the 2012 Leonid meteor shower is on Saturday (Nov. 17) at 3 a.m. EST, but, like all meteor showers, the celestial fireworks display will be visible for a few nights before and after that peak time, weather permitting. Because the moon will have set by that time, its bright glow won't wash out any Leonids you may see.
The Leonids are associated with the periodic comet Tempel-Tuttle, first discovered in 1865. This comet has a period of 33.2 years. It was last close to the sun in 1998 and will return in 2031. After Tempel-Tuttle's discovery, it was traced back to a comet observed in 1366.
Astronomers also realized that Tempel-Tuttle's last close approach to the sun was in 1833, which coincided with one of the greatest meteor storms in history. This was when they put two and two together, and realized that meteors had their origins in comets.
SEE ALSO: Amazing Leonid Meteor Shower Photos
Meteor Showers Explained
But what exactly is a meteor shower? Meteors are brief flashes of light in the Earth's upper atmosphere which occur when small pieces of interstellar material, called meteoroids, enter the atmosphere and heat it to incandescence. We don't actually see the meteoroids themselves, but rather the air heated by the friction of their passage.
As the Earth travels around the sun, it is constantly encountering meteoroids, so that on any night in the year, if you observe a dark sky after midnight, you will probably see a few meteors every hour. These are known as "sporadic meteors."
Meteoroids are not uniformly distributed in space. They seem to be most commonly produced when comets venture close to the sun, melting the ice from tiny comet fragments, leaving behind small meteoroids. Under the gravitational influence of the planets, these fragments gradually spread out along the comet's orbit, forming a belt of meteoroids in space. When the Earth passes through such a belt, we see more meteors than average, and this is known as a "meteor shower."
There is a common misconception that a meteor shower is like a rain shower, with large numbers of meteors being visible. Most meteor showers only involve a few more meteors per hour than you might see any night.
Leonid Meteor Storms
On rare occasions, perhaps once a decade, observers see what are called meteor storms, when dozens of meteors can be seen every hour. The Leonid meteor shower is famous because it has caused a large number of meteor storms over the centuries.
Because the distribution of meteoroids along its parent comet Tempel-Tuttle's orbit is not uniform, it tends to produce meteor storms every 33 years, the same period as the comet. Careful observations have enabled mapping of clumps of meteoroids within the stream, leading to increasingly accurate predictions. There were spectacular Leonid storms in 1999, 2001, and 2002.
No meteor storm is predicted for 2012, but the Leonids can always be counted on to provide a good show, especially since there will be no moon to interfere with them this year.
How to see the Leonids
The best time to observe meteors is always after midnight, when the Earth is heading directly into the meteor stream.
This shower is named the Leonids because they appear to radiate from a point just inside the Sickle of the constellation Leo. It's not important to know exactly where the radiant is because the longest and brightest meteors are usually about 90 degrees away from the radiant. The radiant will be roughly halfway up the eastern sky for most northern observers, so the best directions to look are south, north, and directly overhead.
Although the peak is predicted for 3 a.m. EST Saturday morning, Leonids may be seen at any time in the night, and for a day or two before and after Saturday morning.
It's important to dress warmly and make yourself comfortable in a reclining garden or deck chair. You will see more meteors if you keep your head still and allow at least 20 minutes for your eyes to become adapted to the dark. Be patient and spend the least an hour watching, as meteors often come in batches with long dry spells in between.
Try catching photographs of Leonids by setting your camera up on a tripod and making time exposures of at least 15 seconds, and send them along to us to share.
Clear skies and good luck!
Thumbnail image courtesy of Roberto Porto
This article originally published at Space.com here
Adventurers! There are some … minor annoyances I may ask you to attend to within my precious Blackrock Mountain. Take heed – a certain elemental lord is acting hot-headed.
HEROES! BOLDLY, YOU SOUGHT THE POWER OF RAGNAROS – THE TRUE LORD OF BLACKROCK MOUNTAIN!
Ah, if I may correct, you, Ragnar-
YOU MAY NOT.
You've been a smoldering thorn in my side for long enough, you overstuffed candle! Your time has come!
BY FIRE BE PURGED!
The first wing of Blackrock Mountain™: A Hearthstone™ Adventure has opened! We know you'd “lava” to test your decks against the powerful elementals and nefarious dragons that lurk within this massive mountain - and now's your chance!
For more information on what lies within the heart of Blackrock Depths, click here.
Access to wings may be purchased using in-game gold or real world currency. Wings can be purchased individually for 700 gold or $6.99 USD. Players can earn the in-game gold needed to unlock the next wing by completing various quests or emerging victorious from the Arena—or they can choose to unlock the next available Blackrock Mountain wing using real money.
Blackrock Mountain bundle packages are also available! With bundle packages, you can unlock any remaining wings you may have at a discounted real-money price. While purchasing Blackrock Mountain wings in bundles doesn't give you early access, it does prepare you to dive into the next challenges as soon as they unlock! Check out the bundle prices in the image below.
For AUD pricing, click here.
Learn more about Blackrock Mountain: A Hearthstone Adventure here!
Former White House chief strategist Stephen Bannon in his first broadcast interview since leaving the Trump administration said the far right is “not happy” with President Trump's decision on the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program.
“Look what he did on DACA the other day. Okay, I don't agree with that DACA decision, but I understand how he struggled with it. I understand how he's giving a possibility of a legislative thing,” Bannon told CBS's “60 Minutes.”
“Trust me, the guys on the far right, the guys on the conservative side, are not happy with this.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Attorney General Jeff Sessions Jefferson (Jeff) Beauregard SessionsTrump says he hasn't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide: Can't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘roadmap' to impeachment Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE announced Tuesday that the administration would phase out the program, which temporarily blocks the deportation of young immigrants who were brought to the United States illegally as minors, giving Congress six months to act.
Interviewer Charlie Rose noted to Bannon that Cardinal Timothy Dolan of New York also opposed Trump's decision.
“The Catholic Church has been terrible about this,” Bannon responded. “The bishops have been terrible about this.”
Bannon departed the White House last month and has returned to the website Breitbart News, which he helmed before joining the Trump campaign in 2016.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MILWAUKEE -- Three people were attacked in three separate incidents in broad daylight on Milwaukee's east side, and police say two of the suspects are just 13 years old. Milwaukee police have arrested a 13-year-old boy, a 13-year-old girl and a 15-year-old boy in connection to the three attacks. One of the victims said Thursday, July 6th she's not going to rest until they're held accountable.
Bruised and in pain, Quirk recounted the terrifying moments after she says she confronted three teenagers about stealing a bicycle.
"My eyes were just on fire," said Lynn Quirk. "I looked down the alley...and there they were, running out of somebody's yard, heading north up the alley, now on a bicycle, and I thought, 'not on my watch,'" said Quirk.
The east side resident said she was driving down Newberry near Cramer and Oakland Wednesday afternoon, July 5th when she pulled up next to the teens in her SUV -- behind one of her rental properties.
"And I said, 'that is not your bike.' I said, 'go put it back,'" said Quirk.
Two of the kids ran off, ditching the bike. But Quirk said the third started grabbing at her driver's side door. With her window rolled down, Quirk said the boy then took out a can of pepper spray.
"He's spraying me. I turned and looked at him and he just hauled off and punched me in the face," said Quirk.
Just 15 minutes later, Milwaukee police say the suspect punched and pepper sprayed two other victims -- the first on East Linnwood and the other on East Kenwood.
"It's gotta come to an end," said Quirk.
Now afraid to leave her own home, Quirk said she's fed up with youth committing violent crimes in her neighborhood. The public safety issue has been an ongoing debate among city, county and state leaders over the past year, after several high-profile cases involving underage suspects.
"Nothing's being done. Nothing. It hasn't gotten any better," said Quirk.
Quirk wants increased patrols in the area and harsher penalties for young criminals. She said she's emailed her alderman and plans to speak out at any court hearings.
"This is 2:30 in the afternoon, and these are children. You're just not safe. It's just crazy, and you're not going to run me out of my own city," Quirk said.
District Three Alderman Nik Kovak says he takes the crimes seriously and will be able to comment further once police release more information.
Milwaukee police say the case will be presented to the Milwaukee County District Attorney's Office in the coming days.
Although Minneapolis and St. Paul share the same harsh winters, the two cities differ in how they enforce ordinances requiring property owners to shovel sidewalks.
Both cities will send work crews to clear sidewalks at property owners' expense if they aren't shoveled. But last winter, the smaller city of St. Paul cleared more sidewalks, assessed higher fees against scofflaws and focused more on repeat offenders, according to data received by MPR News.
The city of St. Paul had 1,079 incidents where city crews cleared snow on private sidewalks compared to 741 in Minneapolis.
The way the cities assess fees against property owners who don't shovel also differs. St. Paul charged property owners fees of almost $300,000 for the work last winter, which included both code enforcement and snow abatement fees, as opposed to a little more than $130,000 charged to Minneapolis property owners.
Fined properties in St Paul ● up to $300 ● $300 to $600 ● $600 to $900 ● more than $900
Source: city of St Paul Click to view full screen
Steve Magner, manager of St. Paul's Property Code Enforcement division, said comparing the two cities operations could be difficult. But Magner said St. Paul's goal is to take action as quickly as possible when unshoveled sidewalks are reported.
"To us, when we have these situations, we treat this as a priority, we get the crews out there to clean the walks," Magner said. "So that someone who is not as ambulatory or is in a wheelchair or some other limiting factor, it gives them the right to traverse the walks just like anyone else."
Another reason for the difference in how enforcement plays out could be that different workers are responsible for clearing the snow.
In Minneapolis, public works crews, already burdened with all sorts of other tasks, are responsible for clearing snow off sidewalks. If everything functions like it's supposed to, an uncleared walkway would be cleared by work crews at the owner's expense in a space of days. But as one example from southwest Minneapolis identified by MPR News in November shows, Minneapolis' process from the original complaint to the actual clearing of the walk can sometimes stretch for weeks.
In St. Paul, the parks division employs work crews who clear the sidewalks.
In the vast majority of cases, the process for starting a complaint about an uncleared sidewalk is received through St. Paul's city information hotline at 651-266-8989, which is similar to Minneapolis' process of receiving complaints through the city's 311. Both cities also rely on inspectors to sometimes report unshoveled walks while they handle other business.
Although the assessments in both Minneapolis and St. Paul were concentrated in poorer areas, both managers of the programs said that any clustering was likely only because those were areas where more complaints were lodged.
St Paul fine distribution set against median income across the city. Dark green areas have higher median incomes. MPR News graphic / U.S. Census Bureau
Numbers from last winter show that St. Paul focused more on problem properties. St. Paul data listed up to eight assessments at one property last winter, while the most at a Minneapolis property was six. St. Paul also reaches out to repeat offenders.
"If we have an owner where we have repeated attempts, we're going to try to make some inroads as to why they're not doing it," Magner said. "We're going to visit the business or call the owners -- we're going to try to some other way to get their attention."
Those who find it difficult to shovel their sidewalk can find help by calling the Minnesota Board on Aging's Senior LinkAge line at 1-800-333-2433 or the state's Disability Linkage Line at 1-866-333-2466.
Document: How the city of St Paul deals with ice/snow removal complaints
Have you ever wondered how your programming tool works? Piotr Esden-Tempski and Gareth McMullin have built the Black Magic Probe and joined the show to explain how it works.
Kickstarter for Black Magic and 1Bitsy ends December 29th. If you missed it (or need a Black Magic v2 instead of waiting for v2.1) go to the 1BitSquared Store. For more in-depth information about Black Magic, look at Gareth's github repo. For more information about the 1Bitsey dev board, look at 1bitsy.org.
Contest! Tweet to @1bitsquared.
The YouTube channel about electronic teardowns was Mike's Electric Stuff: youtube.com/user/mikeselectricstuff.
If you want to say other hellos to Piotr, try his personal account: @esden. Or you can contact Gareth via Black Magic's Gitter channel.
Embedded.fm Hats-n-Hacks party will be 2-5pm on Saturday, January 28, 2017 in Aptos, CA. More details soon, including how to RSVP.
DENVER – Colorado and Wyoming saw a major uptick in the number of people arrested and deported by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement in the first year of the Trump administration, according to new numbers released by the agency Tuesday.
ICE said that in Colorado and Wyoming, 2,746 people were arrested and 2,535 were removed from the U.S. in the 2017 fiscal year, which ran from Oct. 1 of last year through Sept. 30 of this year.
The 2017 numbers show an increase of 145 percent in the number of removals from the area when compared to the 2016 fiscal year, when 1,033 people were removed. Arrests were up 20 percent over the same period, from 2,284 in 2016.
During the 2015 fiscal year, ICE arrested 2,351 people in Colorado and Wyoming and removed 1,156 people.
The removal trend in Colorado and Wyoming goes in the opposite direction of the national trend. ICE says that the total number of removals nationwide was down 6 percent this year compared to last year, which the agency attributed “to the decline in border apprehensions.”
But ICE also took into account in a press release announcing the numbers that there was a 40 percent jump in removals since President Donald Trump took office on Jan. 20 when compared to the previous fiscal year. And removals resulting from an agency arrest went up 37 percent since Jan. 20, ICE said.
ICE says 92 percent of arrestees since Jan. 20 “were removable aliens who had a criminal conviction or a pending criminal charge, were an ICE fugitive, or were an illegal re-entrant.”
CONTROVERSIAL politician Pauline Hanson has called halal certification in Australia a “profit, money-making racket” and said it is “connected to Islamic organisations ... such as the Muslim Brotherhood”.
In an interview with Today with co-host Deb Knight, the One Nation party leader said it was wrong for Prime Minister Tony Abbott to say “Australians don't have an issue with [halal]”.
“I'm sorry, prime minister, a lot of Australians have an issue with paying a tax for halal certification when 98 per cent of Australians are not Muslim,” Ms Hanson said.
She said that businesses that refuse to halal certify their products “have extortion put on them”, and that Australians should not be paying “extra” for basic products.
media_camera Dissent ... Pauline Hanson speaks at the Reclaim Australia rally in King George square, Brisbane. Picture: Jamie Hanson
The interview comes the morning after nationwide protests for and anti-Islam erupted across Australia, in some cities leading to violent clashes.
The protests were a stand-off between supporters of Reclaim Australia, an anti-Islamic movement and No Room for Racism, a coalition of community, trade union and left-wing political groups, including the Socialist Alliance.
Ms Hanson was a speaker at the Brisbane rally, where many protesters carried signs denouncing sharia law and halal certification for Australian products, The Australian reported.
When asked by presenter Ms Knight how she could single out “a religion like Islam”, Mr Hanson replied: “Let's get this quite clear- Islam is not a religion — sorry, Islam is not a race, so therefore, we're not talking about racism here whatsoever.
“People who oppose us are calling it racism. It's not — as I said, criticism is not racism, we have a right [to an] an opinion, and we don't like Islam, and what Islam may do to our country, our culture and our way of life.”
During the Brisbane rally, police held back counter-protesters, who were chanting: “Go home bigots, go home”.
media_camera Opposing views ... ‘Reclaim Australia' rally being held in West Perth, with the opposing Pro multiculturalism protesters waiting nearby. Picture: Supplied
In Melbourne, hundreds of police formed barricades to separate protesters at the CBD's Federation Square, as thousands of protesters turned out for both sides, with the event quickly deteriorating into violence.
Protesters using loud speakers on both sides used foul language to stir up their supporters as shocked families and shoppers looked on.
Pushing and shoving broke out with several punches thrown, with police eventually arresting two men and one woman, all since released pending summons.
media_camera Divided ... Police try to keep protesters safe in Melbourne, where anti-racist campaigners confront the newly formed anti-Muslim group 'Reclaim Australia' at Federation Square. Picture: David Crosling
In Sydney, protesters aide their way to martin Place, near the site of the deadly siege where a lone gunman claiming inspiration from Islamic State took customers and staff hostages, eventually resulting in three dead.
Another politician, Opposition Leader Bill Shorten, also spoke out about the rallies, telling Nine Network on Sunday that it was “one thing to have freedom of speech but it's another thing when protests turn violent”.
“You see rival groups saying they have a right to speak ... but once it goes to violence, no one has the right to violence and protesting should never be violent,” he said.
media_camera Protesting ... 'Reclaim Australia' protesters gather in the rain at Martin Place, Sydney. 'Reclaim Australia' grassroots rallies are being held across Australia to protest the alleged 'Islamisation' of Australia. Picture: Lisa Maree Williams
Mr Shorten also said any suggestion that Muslims were planning to bring Sharia law to Australia was exaggerated.
“It was 50-60 years ago people said that the Irish Catholics or the Catholics were trying to take over the joint — and that wasn't true either,” he said.
Two men and a woman were arrested in Melbourne and are expected to be charged on summons.
One man was charged with assault in Hobart and another was charged with public nuisance in Brisbane.
Originally published as Hanson: halal a ‘money-making racket'
For initiation of RNA synthesis, the influenza polymerase needs to be bound to a promoter that comprises both conserved extremities of the pseudo-circularized vRNA or complementary RNA (cRNA)34,35. The pyrimidine-rich 3′ (template) and purine-rich 5′ (activator) extremities are partially complementary and can form a non-canonical double helix, usually referred to as the panhandle36. However, they are thought to bind the polymerase in a partially single-stranded conformation35, either as a ‘corkscrew'37,38 or a ‘fork'39,40, or as a combination of both41. These models concur on the presence of a distal base-paired region between nucleotides 11–14 of the 5′ and 10–13 of the 3′ ends, but differ in whether the individual proximal strands have internal structure or not. The polymerase–promoter crystal structure shows that the distal region is indeed base-paired, and that nucleotides 1–10 of the 5′ end form a compact stem–loop (hook) structure (Fig. 4b).
The hook structure, formed by nucleotides 1–10 of the 5′ vRNA (5′-pAGUAGUAACA), has two central canonical base pairs (G2–C9 and U3–A8) flanked by mismatch base pairs A1–A10 and A4–A7 (Fig. 5a). The stem is capped by G5, which is stacked antiparallel on A4 and U6 whose base faces outward. The sequence characteristics of the 5′ hook are conserved in all known influenza virus vRNAs and cRNAs, the only variations, reflecting the imperfect complementarity of the two extremities, being the nature of the 2–9 and 3–8 Watson–Crick base pairs (G–C and A–U in vRNA, and G–C and C–G in cRNA, respectively) and the loop nucleotides 5 (usually a G) and 6 (usually an A). This hook structure is also likely to be conserved in orthomyxoviruses of the Thogoto lineage, except that G4–A7 would replace the A4–A7 mismatch42.
Figure 5: Structure of the vRNA promoter and how it binds to the polymerase. a, Stick representation of the vRNA promoter highlighting internal hydrogen bonds (green dotted lines) within the 5′ hook structure (pink) and the distal duplex region with the 3′ end (yellow). The non-canonical A1–A10 and A4–A7 pairs are both of the N6 amino (A1, A7)-N3 (A4, A10) type. b, Ribbon diagram of the 5′-hook binding site between the PA β-sheet and PA-arch (plum) and the inserted PB1 β-hairpin (grey). PA is otherwise green and PB1 cyan. The 3′–5′ duplex region contacts the PB1 β-ribbon (orange) notably via residues Lys 188, Thr 201 and Arg 203. c, Detail of the interactions at the 3′ (yellow) and 5′ (pink) strand junction showing the role of conserved PA residues Met 472, Arg 503 and His 505 in splaying apart the duplex. His 505 stacks on base A11 of the 5′ strand, and contacts the O6 of unpaired G9 of the 3′ strand, which in turn stacks on PA Met 472. PA Arg 503 and the phosphate-binding loop (367–370) within the PA-arch (plum) interact with the phosphate of 5′ A11. PB1 β-hairpin residue Arg 365 (cyan) makes hydrogen bonds to the phosphates of 5′ nucleotides C9, A10 and G12 as well as to the N7 of A10, and Glu 358 (cyan) contacts the N6 of A10. d, Protein interactions of the 5′ hook involving highly conserved PB1 N-terminal residues His 32 and Tyr 38, and PA basic residues Lys 281, Arg 279 and Arg 561. Pro 392 and Pro 393 from the PA-arch (plum) stack with 5′ nucleotides U6 and G5, respectively; only the second proline is universally conserved in all influenza strains. Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
The 5′ hook is sandwiched in a pocket formed on one side by strands β17–β18 and β20 of the main β-sheet of PA, and on the other by the PA-arch (366–397) and the PB1 β-hairpin (353–370) that inserts through the arch (Fig. 5b). The buried surface area of the 5′ end totals 4,044 Å2 (60% with PA, 40% with PB1). Numerous polar interactions to the backbone (Extended Data Table 2) sense the shape of the stem–loop, including contacts to all phosphates (except 6–7) as well as to some ribose 2′ OHs. Base contacts are made to invariant 5′ residues G2, A7, A10 and A11 as well as to G5 and U6. Key interacting and highly conserved residues from PA are His 326, the peptide 366–370, 388-Tyr-Lys, 503-Arg-Leu-His, Lys 534, Arg 561 and Lys 569. From PB1 they include His 32, Thr 34 and Tyr 38 (conserved in all influenza strains) and 356-Met-Phe-Glu (Fig. 5c, d and Extended Data Fig. 6). An especially dense series of interactions binds and stabilizes the sharp turn between 5′ A10–A11 (Fig. 5c). The PA-arch motif 366-Gly-Glu-Gly-Gln-Ala-370 forms a phosphate-binding loop, which interacts tightly with the backbone of A10–A11. His 505 (His 510 in human/avian strains) stacks on base A11 and hydrogen bonds to unpaired G9 of the 3′ strand, which in turn stacks on PA Met 472. This histidine has previously been shown to be a crucial residue in regulating transcription43. PA Arg 503 and PB1 Arg 365 make multivalent interactions with the RNA backbone (Fig. 5c). Conserved PB1 residues His 32 and Tyr 38 contact the phosphates of G5 and U6 and the double prolines 392-Pro-Pro in the PA-arch stack on the bases of these same nucleotides (Fig. 5d).
There are five base pairs in the duplex region of the promoter, 3′ 10-UCUCC-14 with 5′ 11-AGAGG-15, which projects away from the polymerase (Fig. 1c). The self-complementary four-nucleotide overhang 15-AUAU-18 of the crystallized 3′ end base-pairs with a crystal symmetry-related equivalent, thus forming a pseudo-continuous double-stranded RNA of 14 base pairs between two two-fold-related polymerases (Extended Data Fig. 7). The duplex region of the promoter is contacted by the central section of the long PB1 β-ribbon and by residues 672–676 of PB1-Cter (Extended Data Fig. 6). The PA peptide 503-Arg-Leu-His, reinforced by 466–475, forms a wedge that separates the 5′ and 3′ strands into binding pockets (Extended Data Fig. 6). Only the proximal single-stranded 3′ nucleotides 6-UUCG-9 are visible in the structure, and these are directed towards the polymerase template entry tunnel before turning away towards the solvent. There is a sharp turn between unpaired 3′ end nucleotides G9 and C8 (Extended Data Fig. 6). Residues, very highly conserved in all influenza strains, from all three subunits (PA 505–509 and Lys 567, PB1-Cter 671–676 and PB2 36–49) are involved in binding the 3′ nucleotides 6-UUCG-9 (Extended Data Fig. 6). At the apex of the sharp turn, the phosphate of 3′ C8 is bound by PA Lys 567 and PB2 Arg 46, the latter being positioned by salt bridges with PA Asp 509 and PB2 Glu 40. PA Arg 507 and PB1 C-terminal extension residues Asn 671, Arg 672 and Ser 673 interact extensively with the backbone of 3′ U7 and U10.
On Wednesday, RT news network reported that Facebook had blocked the option of posting anything but plain text on their page.
Soon after RT had launched the Facebook live feed from the outgoing US President Obama's final press conference, the editors noticed that they could no longer post anything but text on their page.
The timing and duration of the ban mean that RT won't be able to broadcast President-elect Trump's inauguration live on their Facebook page.
@RT_com is still blocked from posting anything but text to #Facebook.
Thank You for all your supporthttps://t.co/pA30jROFS0 pic.twitter.com/zs9ueZ1SN5 — RT (@RT_com) January 19, 2017
Explaining the possible reason for the ban, RT wrote that Facebook erroneously assessed the live feed to be a copyright infringement.
The RT television network encompasses three 24/7 news channels broadcasting from Moscow in English, Arabic and Spanish in more than 100 countries around the globe. The network also comprises RT America and RT UK channels broadcasting from studios in Washington and London.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Jenny
Guest
Guest Jenny and E cjfk likes this Quote Select Post
Select Post Deselect Post
Deselect Post Link to Post
Link to Post Back to Top Post by on This is it.
I have spent every hour of this day awake staring into the cold, rigid blue of the ceiling contemplating what I should write in order to make sure that this goes smoothly. I have had zero hours sleep. I have spent none of this time thinking about the rules of surface reality, or other people, or what is going to happen as a result of me releasing this. I have thought only about you and what is going to happen between me and you after today. Jenny, this is my ultimatum.
The song is thought to be instrumental but the truth is that there is a vocal hidden in the waveform that describes the controversial acts that you have committed in the month that correlates to the title of said song. The song doesn't exist but its title is April. The hidden vocal is not in the waveform because there is no waveform. It is all beyond surface reality and all of the feeble things within it.
The alternative title of the song beyond the void is _______________________________________. This is a paradigm that exists above the surface void and exemplifies complete objective truth. It cannot be denied nor argued with. We accept it and therefore the options available stem from this truth. Let's go back.
In 12 E met the girl of his dreams. She was above everyone but not beyond anyone. Her name is Hell. There was a degree of truth to the predictions of the Mayan Calendar, although in an ironic twist of fate, it only affected one person. It solely affected E. In vein of Mercury leaving retrograde the turn from promise to deceit felt calculated, swift at both ends but still in-between. No true evidence could be lifted until Mercury returned in 13.
The arrival of the retrograde marked the turn from a poor, poverty-ridden surface reality to one consisting of happiness, warmness and promise. Blossoming beyond the feelings previously felt by E, 12's successful run above surface could be described as the best time of his life. To do so leaf a bitter taste post-retrograde. The turn away began as 12 turned to 13, but there was a glitch in the system; Hell could not let go of E. Her calculation had been composed by another and was not of her own intention. Hell's master brought her fire and ultimately she had no problem serving him, but with E things got confusing.
E spilled a slur of cacophonous worth onto the dripping feed following the first third of 13. Naming Hell a demon obsessed with her master's warmth in the most inappropriate way possible, but his intentions were clear. E wanted to break away from Hell just as much as Hell wanted to break away from him. It worked, but created a domino effect that would shatter E even further come the next retrograde.
Jenny was thought to be E's equal in the time of infinity prior to the eventual post-retrograde split between E and Hell. Jenny had suffered severe damage and was – rather, still is – practically tied to surface reality and its boundaries. She was perceived as a different shade of black to that of E's body in 13. Hell's replacement in more ways than one, Jenny had a number of unspeakable nicknames. One of these was betrayal, at the lightest end of the spectrum but equally effective and relevant to Jenny's eventual treatment of E.
This, of course, all took place through the interlinked terminal; Zeroes and ones forming a connection between one area of surface and another. Jenny and E were close, though. Too close to be true.
13 brought other demons to the plate that distracted poor E from Jenny's appeal, fading his perception and causing a temporal disruption for the majority of 13. Nihilism, one of these demons, sought to please herself more than others through hand movements, spreading her poison across temporal waves. But Nihilism lacked any perception, a mere roadblock in E's path to escape. Eventually, at the antithesis of what this felt like it was building up to for E, he dropped it all in favour of staying true to his being; in favour of Jenny.
Jenny had experience within the fields that E longed to explore. Benji was one of her subjects until he managed to escape. The yarn of Benji serves only as an irrelevant stopgap in the centre of this story, however, and to explore it within the boundaries that surface reality provides E would be to abide to these rules and serve only to increase the amount of time that Jenny spends reading this.
In late 13 everything began to make sense. Mercury's second retrograde was now in full force. Something had evolved, making the previous retrograde still phase seem irrelevant in comparison. This was certainly the effect that it had on E.
But Jenny couldn't handle it. Born troubled, she had been trapped into a non-temporal link with another, who fed her thirst for the physical treats that surface provides very few of us with. Jenny had to tell E, give him an opportunity to escape from her clutches. E, having learned nothing from the events of 12 and 13, declined the offer of a rope to return to the murky below that contained the corpses of Hell and Nihilism.
A dark spot; what happened to another remained a complete mystery to E for the rest of his days – a mystery he did not want to investigate let alone solve. By the end of the first third of 14 E was content with surface reality, distracted from its boundaries once more. This time, everything seemed fine. Retrograde had seemingly passed for the Mercury of Jenny and E stopped believing nor caring about any forces beyond what could be seen by his own eyes. What a joke.
As soon as this began to sink in, E was pulled out of the pool altogether. Another third passes. E, desperate to get things back to normal, confronts Benji. Benji knew exactly what E wanted. E wanted the lyrics to April.
Everything had become clear.
The alternative title of April was not alternative at all. It was a full title. Jenny Kissed Her Physics Tutor in the Month of April.
E finally came to his senses and spoke the words:
"No one believes me
But that's alright
I'll prove them right."
Zip. E held a gun to his head, marked ‘Jennifer, 14', and pulled the trigger.
The End?
Over the next two weeks, MLSsoccer.com will take a look back at the 2013 season that was for all 19 clubs in Major League Soccer, starting with D.C. United and ending with the Supporters' Shield-winning New York Red Bulls. You can find the schedule and comprehensive reviews for each team here.
2013 record: 14-11-9 (51 points); 45 GF / 38 GA (+8 GD)
2013 Colorado Rapids statistics
It might not have ended the way they wanted, but 2013 was a season filled with pleasant surprise for the Colorado Rapids, who rode the play of several talented youngsters to earn the fifth and final playoff spot in the Western Conference. Rookie of the Year Dillon Powers and runner-up Deshorn Brown provided instant impact, and the previously unknown goalkeeper Clint Irwin, along with youngsters Shane O'Neill and Chris Klute, helped the Rapids come into their own during the second half of the season.
They said it... Head coach Oscar Pareja on progress made and the future: “We are headed in the right direction for sure. I thought we accomplished a lot of objectives that we had drawn at the beginning of the season. Given the fact that this team was revealed in getting to the playoffs, that was the biggest accomplishment that we had. And then when you look around and you had one of the oldest teams in the league and now it's one of the youngest, it's encouraging.” President Tim Hinchey on the club's 2014 goals: "I think we're on the right foot. I think this year's results met our expectations, but these were some of our expectations. The Open Cup was a huge disappointment, so we need to improve on that, because we do take that competition seriously. The Rocky Mountain Cup was a huge important goal for this year and making the playoffs was a goal." Captain Drew Moor on the club's road woes to end the regular season: “You go on the road to San Jose and you lose an ugly game, you go on the road to Vancouver and you lose an even uglier game. You have to realize we're in the playoffs now and it doesn't have to be pretty it just needs to be competitive. You just need to do what you need to do to win games, and that just comes with experience.”
Head coach Oscar Pareja's up-tempo, possession-based attack grew as the season went along, and midseason acquisitions Gabriel Torres and Vicente Sanchez were valuable down the stretch in helping Colorado return to the postseason after a disappointing 2012.
With an extra year of seasoning and added depth at a few positions, the Rapids could be legitimate title contenders in 2014.
Best Moment of the Year
Everything came together on Oct. 5 when Colorado throttled the Seattle Sounders 5-1. Brown's opener 14 seconds in – yes, seconds – set the tone for an end-to-end destruction at Dick's Sporting Goods Park. It was the team's best performance of the season and best summed up what Pareja wants to see out of his young squad.
Worst Moment of the Year
The 2-0 Knockout Round loss to Seattle on Oct. 30 showed exactly what the Rapids need to work on moving forward: avoiding slow starts, particularly on the road, and finding ways to win “ugly” games. The starting lineup, notably, missed Powers and Sanchez, who were both nursing injuries (Sanchez subbed in during the second half).
Best Goal
From the timing of the goal to the goal itself, there's little question on this one. With the Rapids clinging onto the fifth and final playoff spot in the West and in their penultimate match of the regular seasono on Oct. 19, Colorado were level with the Whitecaps 2-2 at home in the 77th minute when Torres cut inside from the left and unleashed an unstoppable upper-90 blast, giving his side all three points. Without that highlight-reel goal from the newly acquired Designated Player, the Rapids wouldn't have made the postseason.
Team MVP
The whole point of Pareja's team-first mentality is that there isn't necessarily a set MVP or go-to player. But without Irwin's early season heroics stepping in for the injured Matt Pickens, it's hard to see how the Rapids would've made the playoffs this season. Irwin not only filled in admirably for Pickens while the veteran nursed a broken forearm, the 24-year-old unseated the veteran from his starting role altogether, making Pickens' departure a near certainty.
Best Move
The obvious candidate is the selection of Powers with 11th-overall SuperDraft pick out of Notre Dame, but the overlooked midseason acquisition of Sanchez was a stroke of genius from technical director Paul Bravo and the front office. The veteran Uruguayan provided creativity and consistently drew defenders playing along the wing, giving his teammates space to open up. His experience in the Champions League and playing internationally also came in handy for the otherwise youthful Rapids.
Quotable
"[In the preseason], the expectation for us was to fight and to get into the playoffs, and that's when all hell broke loose. There were some very tough moments. It turned out that our philosophy we were going to have to implement it a little quicker than we thought with the inclusion of a lot of the young players, and from that point on, it started to blossom." – Technical Director Paul Bravo
Three Offseason Needs
1. Right back: Marvell Wynne never looked fully comfortable transitioning from center to right back, and Pareja appeared to feel the same way, moving the veteran in and out of the lineup. That position will likely be addressed this offseason.
2. Defensive depth: While solid for most of the season, the defense showed leaks as it drew to a close. O'Neill has made it clear he prefers a move to the midfield from his spot in central defense, and Diego Calderon returned to his native Ecuador. German Mera was inconsistent as a fill in, helping make defensive depth a priority for Bravo & Co.
3. Another striker: For Pareja's possession-based 4-3-3, strikers who can finish in front of goal are a priority. The Rapids think they have their answer there in the well-regarded August acquisition of Torres (pictured right). Still, Edson Buddle couldn't stay healthy, and while highly impressive overall in his rookie campaign, Brown had trouble finishing at times.
Chris Bianchi covers the Colorado Rapids for MLSsoccer.com.
It's almost parade time!
Today, we're excited to share with you that the incredible, new daytime spectacular, “Disney Festival of Fantasy Parade,” will make its grand debut at Magic Kingdom Park on Sunday, March 9.
All the enormous, colorful floats have been constructed. Costumes have been designed and created. The original musical score has been recorded, and now the Cast of the “Disney Festival of Fantasy Parade” is busy rehearsing for the premiere performance!
Before rehearsals could begin, Show Director Randy Wojcik and Choreographer Stephen Di Schiavi held a choreography workshop to further develop their initial ideas about staging and movement. They recently gave us a peek into that workshop, for a taste of what we can expect to see when the performers bring the stories of “Disney Festival of Fantasy Parade” to life on the parade route.
So who else is ready to join the celebration, once the “Disney Festival of Fantasy Parade” debuts March 9?
For more on the “Disney Festival of Fantasy Parade,” visit the links below:
© Getty Images Enlarge Shane Mosley has yet to decide his future in boxing
Former rugby league player Anthony Mundine scored a sixth-round technical knockout over Shane Mosley in their WBA international super welterweight title fight, the first time the American has been stopped inside the distance.
Mosley, a 42-year-old with a record of 47-9-1, decided to retire before the seventh round due to back spasms. He said he would decide after he returns to the US whether he would retire.
"What's done is done," Mosley said when asked whether he would fight again.
The 38-year-old Mundine improved to 45-5 with 26 knockouts at Homebush in western Sydney. Mundine was leading 58-56 on two cards and 60-55 on the third.
"I was in killer mode, but my heart goes out to Shane, I know he's a winner," Mundine said. "He's not one to pull out for nothing. He's one of the greatest fighters to have ever lived."
The fight was delayed for five weeks over financial issues.
The contest was refereed by American Raul Caiz Sr, who has controlled two of Mundine's past bouts and one of Mosley's. Caiz stopped the fight on the recommendation of fight doctor Lou Lewis.
Download ESPN's new UK sport app, a fresh and powerful new way to follow your favourite UK sports news, scores and video.
This article first appeared on ESPN.com
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd
When Samsung Galaxy won the League of Legends World Championship, its onstage celebration was awkward yet genuine. The young bottom lane of Park "Ruler" Jae-hyuk and Jo "CoreJJ" Yong-in rushed over to the Summoner's Cup and gestured at their teammates where to stand.
Kang "Ambition" Chan-yong was the first player pulled out from his team's celebration to speak. While the rest of his team shuffled excitedly, still hugging and laughing, posing for the cameras, Ambition strode in front of them. In his victory interview, he reiterated the team's hard work and continuous efforts that led to the championship win. Next to him, CoreJJ and Ruler fist-bumped.
"As a professional player, it's my job to do the best that I can with this game," he said.
Ambition has played the game for so long that his time in the jungle alone is its own three-year saga, separate from his time as a mid laner on CJ Entus. He continued playing even when many called for his retirement, turning skeptics -- who doubted his role-swap from mid laner to jungler -- into believers.
It wasn't a quick process. But a new competitive landscape in South Korean League of Legends, coupled with changes to the jungle itself, and a little help from his Samsung teammates, created the core of Ambition's transformation.
During the game's initial rise in South Korea, Ambition, like many South Korean pros today, initially started out as a jungler. In the early days of competition, players swapped between roles frequently. Teams were still figuring out the game, and lines that compartmentalized different roles were less clear. When both starting CJ junglers, Kang "DayDream" Kyung-min of Blaze and Baek "Swift" Dae-hoon of Frost, left the organization in the 2014-15 offseason, Ambition was still a top tier mid laner. Even though Kim "Trick" Gang-yun joined on as a jungle substitute in December, Ambition was announced as the team's starting jungler that preseason.
Recent role-swaps -- like KT Rolster Bullets' mid laner Yoo "Ryu" Sang-ook to the jungle position in 2014 -- cast a cloud of suspicion and skepticism over Ambition and CJ's choice, especially with Trick on the bench. Ryu had once been a jungler as well and had been unsuccessful switching over. There was little reason to suspect that Ambition would fare much better.
Instead, CJ finished third domestically after being picked as a middle-of-the-pack squad. It found itself one win away from the LCK finals but lost to SK Telecom T1 3-2 in the playoff gauntlet. Ambition took to the jungle meta at the time with ease, acting as more of a fifth laner. Aided by mid laner Shin "Coco" Jin-yeong's pressure and pushing power, Ambition was given free reign to farm. His lanes were occasionally punished due to his inattention, but experience in both side lanes and Coco's strong mid control allowed Ambition freedom to powerfarm on champions like Jarvan IV, Lee Sin and even Nunu.
But that summer, the flaws of Ambition's playstyle were exposed.
CJ's lanes were attacked early, but Ambition didn't adjust. He continued to invade recklessly without vision or minion pushes and was often punished by the opposing jungler or completely neutralized by pushing lanes from CJ's opponents. The timer on CJ's veteran roster had run out, and the 2015 KeSPA Cup marked the last time that these CJ stalwarts would play together on the same team.
Samsung Galaxy poses with the trophy after finally besting SK Telecom T1 at the 2017 League of Legends World Championships. Riot Games
Ambition hinted at a bad team atmosphere during his departure, similar to the rumored passive-aggressiveness that had dogged Blaze members earlier in Ambition's career. Perhaps his selfish jungle style was born not only from inexperience, but poor communication and in-game disagreements.
"I'm sure there were many more problems that could have been addressed," he told Inven. "But nevertheless, I feel like things could have gone much better if we endured the hardships and were more thoughtful toward one another."
Again, Ambition's retirement seemed imminent. He still acted like a fifth laner, focused on farming for himself and joining up for teamfights later rather than helping his lanes early. When Samsung Galaxy, an organization that had fared far worse than CJ in 2015, signed him, the acquisition was met with skepticism at best.
Again, he silenced doubters.
The veteran drew on his own knowledge and whipped the rest of Samsung into shape during the 2016 season. He was the guiding force behind Samsung's gauntlet victory in the summer of 2016 and led Samsung to the 2016 World Championship finals. Afterward, he praised Samsung's strong team atmosphere. After years of rumored internal disagreements on Blaze, it's no wonder Ambition chose Samsung because of its talented group of young players.
"I believe that teams with players that are considerate and understanding of each other will eventually do better than those with who are selfish and stubborn," Ambition said in an Inven interview. "My impression of SSG was that they are diligent and considerate."
But at the beginning of his tenure with the team, despite his experience and leadership, Ambition still needed help.
It came from the unlikely source of Samsung's bottom lane and Kwon "Wraith" Ji-min.
Wraith's strong roaming and smart vision control helped Ambition transform from a selfish power-farming jungler to one who helped his lanes more, either by ganking or giving the team stronger vision. His invades became less risky and more opportunistic. With Wraith, Ambition could focus on learning the jungle position while still being the shotcaller and voice that Samsung desperately needed. When lane-swaps were eradicated prior to the 2016 South Korean Regional finals, Ambition was able to easily control the early game with his now-efficient farming style.
Wraith was substituted for AD-carry-turned-support Jo "CoreJJ" Yong-in, who was able to showcase his laning prowess with Park "Ruler" Jae-hyuk. The training wheels of Wraith's roaming and vision net were off. Samsung was now a team that excelled in five-on-five teamfighting, objective control, and pushing lanes early aided by Ambition's farm-focused pathing.
Kang "Ambition" Chan-yong was the experienced jungler that brought Samsung Galaxy to a world title in 2017. Provided by Riot Games
After Samsung's loss to SKT in the 2016 World Championship finals, the team returned to the drawing board. Seeing the limitations of Ambition's playstyle and performance, Samsung turned to another former CJ Entus jungler, Kang "Haru" Min-seung, in 2017 LCK spring. Relying on Lee "Crown" Min-ho's strong mid control, Haru had a similar playstyle to Ambition but was more aggressive in his early map movements. Due to Samsung's strong side lanes and Crown continuously pushing mid, Haru's proactive invades were rarely punished until KT attacked Ruler's champion pool in 2017 LCK spring playoffs and swept the team 3-0.
Early in his jungle career, Ambition relied on his mid laner Coco to control the map while he farmed. Later, Haru relied on Crown to control the map for his aggressive early jungling. In summer 2017, with Crown struggling, Samsung called on Ambition to cover for Crown's early laning weaknesses. Samsung's side lanes had developed enough to hold their own in most cases, especially Lee "CuVee" Seong-jin in the top lane, and Ambition's experience as a former mid laner allowed him to aid Crown without losing too much mid lane control. It wasn't ideal, but these small adjustments over time earned Samsung another spot at the World Championship for a second straight year.
Once more, Samsung relied on Ambition to carry the team to victory. Under the Worlds spotlight, Ruler and CoreJJ stepped up. CuVee proved himself as the best top laner at the tournament. Samsung adjusted and attacked the bottom side of the map, giving Group C opponent Royal Never Give Up credit for helping Samsung better understand the Worlds meta. Ambition shored up Crown's weaknesses with vision and mid lane appearances, while Samsung put Crown on simpler pushing champions like Malzahar and Galio.
Now with a World Championship title, the Ambition retirement rumors persist.
After every victory this year, he has thanked his wife, expressing love and gratitude for her understanding of his demanding profession, fueling speculation that this victory will be his last. The evolution of Ambition was now complete: a selfish, solo-queue style farming jungler to an efficient jungler, able to contribute early and adjust when one of his teammates falters.
If Ambition leaves, Samsung has Haru waiting in the wings, but his presence will be sorely missed.
Curious George Celebrates 75 Years Of Monkey Business
Enlarge this image toggle caption Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
Curious George famously managed all sorts of escapes — from policemen, firemen, zookeepers and plenty other humans who didn't like his mischief. But many readers don't know that the husband-wife team who created the inquisitive little monkey — who is celebrating his 75th birthday this year — had the most harrowing escape of all.
In 1939, artists Hans Augusto and Margret Rey were living in Paris, where they had written a book with a side character named Fifi. The Reys thought this young, inquisitive monkey deserved his own story and wrote a manuscript for The Adventures of Fifi.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
But their plans were interrupted when the Nazis invaded France. As German-born Jews, the Reys had to get out of Paris, but the trains had stopped running and they didn't own a car. So Hans went to a bike shop — and found the only bike left was a tandem.
"Margret would have none of it," says Louise Borden, author of The Journey that Saved Curious George. "So Hans bought spare parts and assembled two bicycles."
The couple packed what could fit on their backs and fled for their lives on their hastily assembled bicycles. They rode for three days, sometimes sleeping outside. Eventually they were able to get on a train.
In her book, Borden recounts how, mid-escape, the Reys were stopped for questioning by a French official. Hans opened his satchel and showed him the manuscript about the curious monkey: "Ah! ... un livre pour les enfants!" he exclaimed with a smile.
The Reys made their way out of France, and then to Spain, Portugal, Brazil and eventually, New York City. Through an editor they had met in Europe, they signed a deal with publisher Houghton Mifflin. A year later, Curious George (who by now had swapped his French name for an American one) made his debut.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Grummond Children's Literature Collection/McCain Library and Archives/The University of Southern Mississippi Grummond Children's Literature Collection/McCain Library and Archives/The University of Southern Mississippi
You can tell George's story was written a long time ago. At the outset, we are told George lives "in Africa," where he meets the Man with the Yellow Hat, who thinks to himself, "What a nice little monkey ... I would like to take him home with me." So the man — who has a gun slung over his shoulder — pops George into a bag, onto a ship, and sails across the ocean where he keeps George in his apartment in the city.
That the books are a product of the time hasn't stopped George from becoming a global icon, selling some 75 million books in more than 16 languages. The Reys wrote seven Curious George books — he takes a job, flies a kite, rides a bike, goes to the hospital, learns the alphabet and more.
Margret wrote the text of George's escapades and Hans illustrated them. Hans, who had been a soldier in the German army during World War I, was considerably older than Margret. "I did better with my pencil than with my rifle," he said. They both loved animals and trips to the zoo but had different temperaments — she was a rebel, he was a dreamer; he had a Pied Piper quality to him, while she didn't feel a strong connection to children.
"Hans was the quieter one," says Borden. "He loved philosophy. He was a linguist. Margret was a woman with sparkle and energy and she always spoke her own mind."
In 1991, Margret Rey told NPR that she and her husband had no idea what Curious George would become. "We loved monkeys and just wrote a book about a monkey," she said.
After Hans died in 1977, Margret left the Curious George brand in the hands of their publisher. That's where Curious George's big second act — as a multimillion-dollar franchise — began.
Today, George's keepers include PBS, Universal Studios and Houghton Mifflin, where a staff of about 15 people work on new George books.
Part of George's enduring appeal is that he remains a monkey, says Houghton Mifflin's Mary Wilcox — which was important to the Reys.
"Sometimes there can be a temptation to treat him as though he is like a human character," Wilcox explains. "Because many illustrated characters actually are. Mickey Mouse isn't a rodent — he's actually a person in a mouse suit so he can drive a car, he can have a conversation. So I think I'm being most respectful of their legacy when I'm saying: Nope, George doesn't talk."
A lot of George's current success also rests on Frank Welker, who, for 10 years, has been voicing George on-screen. (Welker is also the voice of the evil Megatron in Transformers, so George, he says, is a "pure delight.")
Religion 'Curious George' Learns How American-Muslims Celebrate Ramadan 'Curious George' Learns How American-Muslims Celebrate Ramadan Listen · 3:40 3:40
Welker says Curious George is an example of "a sweet, gentle story" coming out of a "very troubled time."
Ema Ryan Yamazaki, who is making a documentary about the Reys, grew up in Japan, reading Curious George in Japanese. "I love that little monkey," she says.
But George has an army of people taking care of him, and Yamazaki felt his creators' story needed to be told. The filmmaker feels a certain responsibility to get it right — after all, Margret Rey would insist on it.
"She really took it upon herself to continue Curious George as their child and joint creation, to make sure he outlived both of them," Yamazaki says.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Joseph Kaczmarek/AP Joseph Kaczmarek/AP
There's no question that George lives on — today he's the star of a movie, an Emmy Award-winning TV series, a website, video games and, of course, many books.
Margret Rey once said, "We did only what we liked and by nice coincidence, the children liked the same thing."
Nice coincidence indeed.
Beth Novey contributed to this story.
After his last fight, a heartbreaking split-decision loss, longtime lightweight star Josh Thomson considered retirement, but "the Punk" isn't quite ready to call it quits yet. Instead, he'll return with a hometown fight against surging Michael Johnson.
The bout takes place as part of the July 26 UFC on FOX event, the promotion confirmed to FOX Sports on Friday.
Thomson is currently ranked No. 3 among UFC lightweight contenders, behind Gilbert Melendez and former champ Benson Henderson. Since returning to the UFC last year, he's split his two fights, knocking out Nate Diaz last April before losing the controversial decision to Henderson in January of this year.
Article continues below ...
The 35-year-old is 20-6 with 1 no contest in his 13-year career.
For Johnson, the opportunity represents his most significant career challenge and highest-ranked opposition.
Of late, the 27-year-old has been on fire, with dominant wins over Melvin Guillard, Gleison Tibau and Joe Lauzon. The surge helped him crack the top 10 for the first time.
Johnson is 15-8 in his career.
The July 26 event takes place from the SAP Center. On Thursday, FOX Sports reported Anthony Johnson vs. Antonio Rogerio Nogueira as the first addition to the card.
The main event is still to be determined, according to UFC officials.
News
Update: Looks like the streams geo-targeted to Australia.
‘Ed Rec Vol. X' is a triumphant release for a label that has guided switched-on-kids who have followed the Ed Banger journey from it's inception ten years ago!
It's been a while between drinks, 5 years to be exact, enough time for one to wonder what had happened to the entire Busy P led fraternity of French fanatics.
Our recent chat with boss man Busy P revealed his lasting love for Australia and assurance that we'll be seeing our very own Ed Rec Vol. X party downunder; “YES OZ is def part of my plan for this celebration. Our history is linked with the electronic invasion in OZ. I think we grew up at the same time.”
The result, 14 brand-new tracks of bleeps, beats, bass and everything in between with new originals from Mr Oizo, DSL, Cassius, recent signee Boston Bun and plenty more.
Krazy Baldhead specifically pressed that the inclusion of his track “My soul Like A Tree” on the comp was really special even if he was worried of missing the cut “i'm really happy that Pedro decided to put this track on the compilation because i'm really proud of it, but i was afraid it would be too dark. i think the title reflects a bit my personality: it has solid roots, but at the same time spreads into multiple directions. and it aims to the sky!”
Ed Rec Vol. X is out now, get it on iTunes.
Check the full tracklisting below and stream the compilation now.
Ed Rec Vol. X tracklist:
1 Mr Oizo – “Intro X”
2 Krazy Baldhead – “My Soul is Like a Tree”
3 Breakbot featuring Pacific! – “The Beach”
4 Busy P – “Still Busy”
5 Mr Flash – “Reckless”
6 Justice – “Brianvision MMXIII”
7 Cassius – “Sunchild”
8 Mr Oizo – “Secam”
9 So Me – “Typical Footprints”
10 DSL – “In Your House”
11 Mickey Moonlight – “Transition”
12 Feadz – “Coleslaw 43”
13 Boston Bun – “Grinded”
14 SebastiAn – “Moi (Demo Version)”
Roberto Di Matteo, Chelsea's latest managerial casualty, was sacked by chairman Bruce Buck and chief executive Ron Gourlay during a lengthy meeting at the club's training ground in Cobham in the early hours of Wednesday morning.
On the face of it, this looks like another knee-jerk reaction by an owner who seems to be continually searching for the magic footballing formula David Bond BBC sport editor
Di Matteo and the team had just returned from Turin, where a 3-0 Champions League defeat by Juventus had proved the final straw for Blues owner Roman Abramovich.
With Chelsea now facing a difficult battle to qualify for the knockout stages of a competition Di Matteo had won six months ago, even the protective cover of that achievement could not save the Italian.
Most of the players had dispersed but there were still one or two around as the meeting wound up and it became clear that Di Matteo had just become the eighth manager dismissed by Abramovich during almost a decade in charge at Stamford Bridge.
But even before the Chelsea squad arrived back from Italy, it was, sources say, self evident that another big change was on the way.
Abramovich, as is his style in these circumstances, was not on hand, either in Turin or in Cobham, to personally deliver his latest controversial decision. Instead, a statement was released just after 9am on Thursday that announced Di Matteo's sacking and included the line that the now ex-manager would always be "welcome at Stamford Bridge". How generous.
On the face of it, this looks like another knee-jerk reaction by an owner who seems to be continually searching for the magic footballing formula - a manager who cannot only deliver the biggest trophies but do it with a bit of style, too.
Not so, the club will say. Results under Di Matteo were going the wrong way for a while. He was, after all, a stop-gap replacement for Andre Villas Boas. And despite winning the Champions League last season, the questions were not focused on where he would take the club after that historic moment but whether he would still be in charge to steer them into the next phase of the club's development.
Tensions had obviously been rising. There were reports of Di Matteo and club captain Petr Cech giving the team a dressing down after the weekend Premier League defeat to West Bromwich Albion.
Chelsea managers' win percentage under Abramovich Roberto Di Matteo 52.2%
Andre Villas-Boas 48.2%
Carlo Ancelotti 63.2%
Guus Hiddink 84.6%
Felipe Scolari 56%
Avram Grant 68.8%
Jose Mourinho 70.8%
Claudio Ranieri 52.1%
But it is my understanding that off-the-field issues played no part in Abramovich's thinking. This was again down to results and a desire, on the part of the club's hierarchy, to make a change before things got any worse.
In the rarefied world Abramovich inhabits - second guessed by everyone, questioned by no-one - this sort of thinking masquerades as strategy. For the truth is that Chelsea appear a dysfunctional club, unable to steer a clear course through the messes of their own making.
Take the Mark Clattenburg racism controversy. The truth of what he said to Chelsea midfielder John Obi Mikel may never emerge, but serious questions will be raised as to why Chelsea allowed such a poisonous allegation against the referee to reach the Football Association without any proper evidence, if, as seems likely, he is cleared of any wrongdoing this week.
As with the failure to sack John Terry as captain after he was found guilty and banned by the FA for racially abusing QPR's Anton Ferdinand, Chelsea's executives seem unable or unwilling to check the power of the players and are forced to act out the whims and wills of the owner.
Maybe Abramovich is right. Chelsea's trophy cabinet is certainly far better stocked than when he took over in July 2003 and few could argue they are not major European players. But for all the success, Abramovich seems harder and harder to satisfy.
So there it is. Ted Cruz was born in Canada. As if we all didn't know that. However, Cruz felt it necessary to release a copy of his birth certificate to the Dallas Morning News in order to establish that he is an American citizen and a Canadian citizen.
Born in Canada to an American mother, Ted Cruz became an instant U.S. citizen. But under Canadian law, he also became a citizen of that country the moment he was born. Unless the Texas Republican senator formally renounces that citizenship, he will remain a citizen of both countries, legal experts say. That means he could assert the right to vote in Canada or even run for Parliament. On a lunch break from the U.S. Senate, he could head to the nearby embassy — the one flying a bright red maple leaf flag — pull out his Calgary, Alberta, birth certificate and obtain a passport. “He's a Canadian,” said Toronto lawyer Stephen Green, past chairman of the Canadian Bar Association's Citizenship and Immigration Section. The circumstances of Cruz's birth have fueled a simmering debate over his eligibility to run for president. Knowingly or not, dual citizenship is an apparent if inconvenient truth for the tea party firebrand, who shows every sign he's angling for the White House.
The irony of this is just too delicious. After all the racist, ugly stabs at President Obama for the circumstances of his birth, now Ted Cruz has to contend with the same issues. But don't worry, because Orly Taitz has already figured out how to love Ted Cruz while hating President Obama.
Orly Taitz, perhaps the most famous birther short of Donald Trump, wrote earlier this month that Obama had so corrupted the rule of law that it no longer mattered whether Cruz was legally a citizen.
Well, of course it doesn't. Any port in a storm, Orly.
Cruz' past seems to have some creepiness in it, too:
“It was my distinct impression that Ted had nothing to learn from anyone else,” said Erik Leitch, who lived in Butler College with Cruz. Leitch said he remembers Cruz as someone who wanted to argue over anything or nothing, just for the exercise of arguing. “The only point of Ted talking to you was to convince you of the rightness of his views." In addition to Mazin and Leitch, several fellow classmates who asked that their names not be used described the young Cruz with words like “abrasive,” "intense," “strident,” “crank,” and “arrogant." Four independently offered the word “creepy,” with some pointing to Cruz's habit of donning a paisley bathrobe and walking to the opposite end of their dorm's hallway where the female students lived. “I would end up fielding the [girls'] complaints: 'Could you please keep your roommate out of our hallway?'" Mazin says.
Ted Cruz, Tea Party Presidential hopeful. In a paisley bathrobe, creeping out girls. Imagine what he could do in the White House.
The election for the Executive of the University of Sydney Union tonight ended in loud controversy as the election of Liam Carrigan for Vice President was overturned due to an incorrect vote. In his place, Liv Ronan was elected after a draw from a hat.
The controversy came about when one of the new directors, Atia Rahim, incorrectly cast a vote for President, rather than for Vice President. After handing in her vote, Rahim realised her error and was allowed to submit a fresh ballot for Vice President.
After Rahim's ballot was re-submitted Liam Carrigan was announced as Vice President 7-6 over Ronan. The meeting then continued to the election of other executive positions.
After the election of Honorary Secretary, Waniganayaka closed her final meeting, allowing new President Aitken-Radburn to take the chair in a new meeting for the election of portfolio holders. Subsequently, after the error was acknowledged, Aitken-Radburn and immediate past President Tara Waniganayaka were asked out of the room by the Returning Officer. After a short recess they returned, closing Aitken-Radburn's meeting and re-opening Waniganayaka's, and announced that one of the votes was invalid. Because Atia's vote was still ostensibly ‘secret', it had to be distinguished from the other ballots by graphology (looking at the handwriting). This was despite the fact that Board Director Ed McMahon called that approach “pseudoscience”—an opinion shared by Wikipedia.
After Rahim‘s vote for Carrigan was officially declared invalid, the Vice President vote was then split 6-6 and declared by a draw out of a hat.
Inexplicably—which is to say, with 50% chance—Ronan's name was drawn, and she was declared Vice President of the Union.
The room immediately erupted in cries of “bullshit”, and a number of board directors were visibly distressed. What followed was a shouting match between Waniganayaka and Aitken-Radburn—who nominated Carrigan—about whether the election could be declared out of order. Waniganayaka determined that it could not be, and closed the meeting.
It is possible that a motion of no confidence will be moved at a later meeting against either Ronan or the Election. Aitken-Radburn told Honi “the executive will have to think about [any no confidence motion] in the coming days”.
Further controversy was raised before the start of the meeting, when allegations of cultural insensitivity were levelled against Aitken-Radburn (see here). When contacted for comment on the letter, Aitken–Radburn directed Honi to a post she made in the Wom*ns collective Facebook Group in April (see article) and said she was “regretful and constantly learning”.
The other positions elected were Edward McMahon to Honorary Treasurer and Shannen Potter to Honorary Secretary of the USU.
As for portfolios, Tiff Alexander was elected Wom*n's Portfolio Director, Jack Whitney was awarded the Queer Portfolio, Marco Avena received the Environment Portfolio and Atia Rahim is the Ethno-Cultural Portfolio director. Tiff Alexander was elected the Finance Committee Deputy Chair and Michael Rees is the Student Publications Director and has been appointed to Electoral Committee.
Here's how things the vote for Vice-President went awry:
The Four Pests Campaign (Chinese: 除四害), was one of the first actions taken in the Great Leap Forward in China from 1958 to 1962. The four pests to be eliminated were rats, flies, mosquitoes, and sparrows. The extermination of sparrows is also known as Great Sparrow Campaign (Chinese: 打麻雀运动; pinyin: Dǎ Máquè Yùndòng) or Kill Sparrows Campaign (Chinese: 消灭麻雀运动; pinyin: Xiāomiè Máquè Yùndòng), which resulted in severe ecological imbalance, being one of the reasons of Great Chinese Famine. In 1960, Mao ended the campaign against sparrows and redirected the fourth focus to bed bugs.
Campaign [ edit ]
The "Four Pests" campaign was introduced in 1958 by Mao Zedong, as a hygiene campaign aimed to eradicate the pests responsible for the transmission of pestilence and disease: the mosquitos responsible for malaria; the rodents that spread the plague; the pervasive airborne flies; and the sparrows – specifically the Eurasian tree sparrow – which ate grain seed and fruit.[1] The government also declared that "birds are public animals of capitalism".[2] As a result of this campaign, many sparrows died from exhaustion; citizens would bang pots and pans so that sparrows would not have the chance to rest on tree branches and would fall dead from the sky.[3] Sparrow nests were also destroyed, eggs were broken, and chicks were killed. In addition to these tactics, citizens also resorted to simply shooting the birds down from the sky.[4] These mass attacks depleted the sparrow population, pushing it to near extinction.[4] Furthermore, contests were held among enterprises, government agencies, and schools in cleanliness.[3] Non-material rewards were given to those who handed in the largest number of rat tails, dead flies and mosquitoes, or dead sparrows.[5]
At dawn one day last week, the slaughter of the sparrows in Peking began, continuing a campaign that has been going on in the countryside for months. The objection to the sparrows is that, like the rest of China's inhabitants, they are hungry. They are accused of pecking away at supplies in warehouses and in paddyfields at an officially estimated rate of four pounds of grain per sparrow per year. And so divisions of soldiers deployed through Peking streets, their footfalls muffled by rubber-soled sneakers. Students and civil servants in high-collared tunics, and schoolchildren carrying pots and pans, ladles and spoons, quietly took up their stations. The total force, according to Radio Peking, numbered 3,000,000.[6]
Some sparrows found refuge in the extraterritorial premises of various diplomatic missions in China. The personnel of the Polish embassy in Beijing denied the Chinese request of entering the premises of the embassy to scare away the sparrows who were hiding there and as a result the embassy was surrounded by people with drums. After two days of constant drumming, the Poles had to use shovels to clear the embassy of dead sparrows.[7]
By April 1960, Chinese leaders changed their opinion due to the influence of ornithologist Tso-hsin Cheng[2] who pointed out that sparrows ate a large number of insects, as well as grains.[8][9] Rather than being increased, rice yields after the campaign were substantially decreased.[10][9] Mao ordered the end of the campaign against sparrows, replacing them with bed bugs, as the extermination of the former upset the ecological balance, and bugs destroyed crops as a result of the absence of natural predators. By this time, however, it was too late. With no sparrows to eat them, locust populations ballooned, swarming the country and compounding the ecological problems already caused by the Great Leap Forward, including widespread deforestation and misuse of poisons and pesticides.[10] Ecological imbalance is credited with exacerbating the Great Chinese Famine, in which 20–45 million people died of starvation.[11][12]
Revived campaign [ edit ]
On June 19, 1998, a poster was spotted at Southwest Agricultural University in Chongqing, "Get rid of the Four Pests". Ninety-five percent of households were ordered to get rid of four pests. This time, sparrows were replaced with cockroaches.[8] A similar campaign was spotted in the spring of 1998 in Beijing. Few people responded to these campaigns, as many already had the habit of killing the aforementioned pests, especially cockroaches.[8]
Cultural influence [ edit ]
In the TVB drama series Rosy Business (aired 2009 but set in mid-19th century China), a peasant came up with the idea of killing the sparrows to improve agricultural output. It was meant to be a prank used to trick the peasant owners into starvation and poverty.
In Episode 20 of the children's animated television series Sagwa, the Chinese Siamese Cat (aired 2001–2002 but set in China around 1900), the mistress of the house declares that certain useless animals are banned from the compound. After the animals – the episode's eponymous birds, bees, and silkworms – are driven out, the family discovers the consequences. The mistress' fancy banquet is ruined by the lack of food and clothing, and she learns a valuable lesson.
The album Every Red Heart Shines Toward the Red Sun (2006) by the American post-rock band Red Sparowes tells, by way of its song titles, the story of the Great Sparrow Campaign.
The children's book Sparrow Girl (2009) by Sara Pennypacker tells the story of the Sparrow War.
See also [ edit ]
Part I // 01. Logo (0:24) // 02. DeLorean Reveal (0:49) // 03. Einstein Disintegrated (1:25) // 04. '85 Twin Pines Mall (4:45) // 05. Peabody Barn / Marty Ditches DeLorean (3:13) // 06. '55 Town Square (1:21) // 07. Lorraine's Bedroom (0:49) // 08. Retrieve DeLorean (1:17) // 09. 1.21 Jigowatts (1:40) // 10. The Picture (1:09) // 11. Picture Fades (0:20) // 12. Skateboard Chase (1:41) // 13. Marty's Letter (1:21) // 14. George to the Rescue, Part 1 (0:53) // 15. Marvin Be-Bop (source cue) (2:28) // 16. George to the Rescue, Part 2 (2:37) // 17. Tension / The Kiss (1:36) // 18. Goodnight Marty (Source Cue) (1:33) //19. It's Been Educational / Clocktower (10:33) // 20. Helicopter (0:21) // 21. '85 Lone Pine Mall (3:49) // 22. 4x4 (0:43) // 23. Doc Returns (1:16) // 24. Back to the Future (End Credits) (3:19)
Part II // 01. Back To Back / It's Your Kids (2:38) // 02. Main Title (Extended Version) (3:19) // 03. The Future (5:23) // 04. Chicken / Hoverboard Chase (3:12) // 05. A Flying DeLorean? (4:29) // 06. I'm In The Future / Biff Steals DeLorean (2:12) // 07. Chicken Needles / Jenn Sees Jenn (2:55) // 08. Biff's World / 27th Floor (2:08) // 09. My Father (2:04) // 10. “Alternate 1985” (3:04) // 11. Gray's Sports Almanac / If They Ever Did (4:26) // 12. Something Inconspicuous (1:33) // 13. You'll Never Lose / Old New DeLorean (3:18) // 14. Pair O' Docs (1:26) // 15. The Book (4:49) // 16. Nobody / Tunnel Chase (5:45) // 17. Burn The Book (2:24) // 18. He's Gone (0:41) // 19. Western Union (1:52) // 20. I'm Back / End Logo (0:59) //21. The West (0:57) //22. End Title (4:38)
Part III // 01. Back To Back / Court House (1:24) // 02. Main Title (2:43) // 03. Into The Mine / Tombstone (3:17) // 04. Warmed Up (1:30) // 05. Indians (Film Version) (1:09) // 06. Safe And Sound (0:42) // 07. Hill Valley (2:18) // 08. The Hanging (1:42) // 09. We're Out Of Gas (1:17) // 10. There Is No Bridge / Doc to the Rescue (1:25) // 11. At First Sight (3:19) // 12. Yellow (0:45) // 13. The Kiss (1:55) // 14. Are you Talkin' To Me? (0:35) //15. The Future Isn't Written (3:37) // 16. Goodbye Clara (3:03) // 17. What's Up Doc / Marty Gallops / To The Future (1:44) // 18. Wake Up Juice (1:12) // 19. Callin' You Out / Count Off (1:56) // 20. The Showdown / The Kick (2:12) // 21. A Science Experiment? (The Train - Part I) (3:12) // 22. It's Clara (The Train - Part II) (4:36) // 23. Point of No Return (The Train - Part III) (3:49) // 24. It's Destroyed / Back To The Girlfriend / It Erased (3:39) // 25. Doc Returns (2:55) // 26. End Credits (4:08) // 27. Doubleback (Extended Version) (3:11)
With this new technique, scientists now have a way to observe soil processes, live and in situ. This is exciting because there are so many things to discover in soil.
A new transparent soil is helping to reveal the dark, underground secrets of plant roots. A team of researchers from the James Hutton Institute and the University of Abertay Dundee have developed a see-through soil which will enable them to study roots in detail for the first time.
Addressing global issues such as food security, disease transmission and climate change presents researchers with a variety of challenges, including the study of the underground world of plant roots; called the rhizosphere. The creation of the new see-through soil marks a milestone in the study of the rhizosphere and will have applications in many different areas of research.
Lionel Dupuy, a theoretical biologist in the Ecological Sciences group at the James Hutton Institute, said: “With this new technique, scientists now have a way to observe soil processes, live and in situ. This is exciting because there are so many things to discover in soil and we don't know yet what they are”.
After two years of painstaking research to find a compound that could replicate soil chemistry, Dr Dupuy and his colleagues found success with a synthetic composite known as Nafion, often used in power-generating fuel cells. This artificial soil is not especially transparent on its own: it becomes translucent when saturated with a special water-based solution. The product is a substrate which is very similar to real soil in terms of physical and biological variables, such as water retention, ability to hold nutrients and capability for sustaining plant growth.
Dr Dupuy explained: “There are many different scientific disciplines that could benefit from this research. Transparent soils could be used to study the spread and transmission of soil borne pathogens.
“In crop genetics, transparent soils could be used to screen the root systems of a range of genotypes. This would help breed crops with more efficient root systems so that agriculture can rely less on fertilisers.
“Physiologists could also use transparent soils to understand how plants or microbes access nutrients that are heterogeneously distributed in soil. Soil ecologists could use this system to make microcosm experiments where observation on interactions of different species can be observed,” he added.
According to the team behind the see-through soil, future paths of research will focus on controlling a greater range of chemical and physical properties, so that applications of transparent soils to the many disciplines of soil biology are possible. They also hope to lower the overall cost of the technique, so that it can be used by everyone and at a larger scale.
Notes to editors
Paper quoted: Transparent Soil for Imaging the Rhizosphere. 2012. Downie, H., Holden, N., Otten, W., Spiers, A.J., Valentine, T.A., Dupuy, L.X. PLoS ONE 7(9): e44276. (doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0044276)
These are only two of the more than 1,400 horror stories German doctor Jan Ilhan Kizilhan has heard first-hand from Yazidi women and girls once enslaved by Islamic State jihadists in Iraq.
"They have been through hell," he told AFP in an interview in Geneva.
Kizilhan heads a project that has brought 1,100 women and girls to Germany to help heal their deep physical and psychological wounds.
The project, run by German state Baden-Wurttemberg, first began flying in the traumatised victims from northern Iraq last April, and brought the last group over earlier this month.
It was in 2014 that authorities in Baden-Wurttemberg decided to act.
At the time, Isis jihadists were making a lightning advance in northern Iraq, massacring Yazidis in their villages, forcing tens of thousands to flee and kidnapping thousands of girls and women to force them into sexual slavery.
- 'Genocide' -
The United Nations has described the Isis attack on the Yazidi minority as a possible genocide.
"It is really an urgent situation," Kizilhan said, calling on other countries and states to follow Baden-Wurttemberg's example.
The southwest German state budgeted €95 million ($104 million) to the project and asked Kizilhan and his team to decide which of the victims could benefit most from the move.
The doctor said another 1,200 Yazidi women and girls once held by Isis would also benefit from similar programmes elsewhere -- as would the estimated 3,800 believed to remain in captivity, if they make it out.
He explained that the women who managed to escape from IS found themselves back in their deeply conservative communities in northern Iraq with little or no access to psychological help to work through the unspeakable horrors they had experienced.
"These women really need specialised treatment. If we don't help them, who will?" he asked, speaking on the sidelines of an international conference of human rights defenders in Geneva.
As Yazidis, who follow a unique faith despised by Isis, the women raped and sometimes left pregnant by the jihadists are seen by many in their community as a source of dishonour.
Those who are shunned become impoverished and risk falling into prostitution to support themselves, and a large number commit suicide, Kizilhan said.
"Over the last year, I have documented more than 20 cases of suicide, but this is surely just the tip of the iceberg," he said, adding the actual number was likely closer to 150.
Kizilhan shuddered as he recalled the case of one girl he had met in a refugee camp last August, who suffered burns to over 80 percent of her body.
"She had no nose, no ears left," he said, adding that he was even more shocked when he learned what had happened to her.
Isis fighters had held the girl and her sisters for weeks, raping and torturing them, before they escaped.
Then one night sleeping in her tent in the refugee camp, the girl dreamt Isis fighters were outside. In a panic she poured gasoline over herself and lit a match, hoping it would make her so ugly they would not rape her again.
Kizilhan had that girl chartered out immediately for fear she might not survive. She remains in hospital in Germany after more than a dozen operations, and will still need 30 more types of skin and bone surgery.
- Raped hundreds of times -
Most of the girls and women in the programme were between 16 and 20, he said, adding that the oldest was in her 40s.
The youngest was eight.
"Isis sold her eight times during the 10 months she was held hostage, and raped her hundreds of times," Kizilhan said, shaking his head in disgust.
"This is one of the cases I always have in my mind."
Due to her young age, the girl would likely benefit greatly from treatment and a new environment, he said, voicing hope that "she could still make something of her future."
It will take time though, for all of the victims now settling in Baden-Wurttemberg.
Kizilhan said psychotherapy would not start for another three to six months, for fear of retraumatising the women and girls who have been through hell.
"They need the feeling of security. That is not easy after what they have experienced."
Oh happy day—freshman Texas Senator Ted Cruz is set to announce that he's running for president. And he's not going to announce at the Alamo or any other defiant Texas-type monument. He's making a pilgrimage straight to the birthplace of the Moral Majority, the Jerry Falwell-founded Liberty University. The setting makes sense for a man who believes that God has called him to politics. After all, the only way to top shutting down the government is to try to run the government into the ground himself.
This month, Cruz released a short video that's the best evidence yet for what a Cruz presidential campaign might be like. It's called “A Time for Truth,” and the title has to be intentional irony.
Cruz's Politifact track record for publicly-asserted falsehoods is the second-highest among front-runners, totaling 56 percent of all statements they've looked at. The only other leading contender with a higher rating is Ben Carson, who has a 100 percent “pants on fire” history, the result mainly of his brief time in the national spotlight and only having given Politifact one assertion to check—that people choose to be gay. (The investigative process on verifying that claim could have been entertaining, had Carson taken up Dan Savage's invitation to take a very personal version of the Pepsi Challenge. Politifact chose a less experiential approach.)
It's not just Cruz's habit of embellishment that makes the video's title more wish-fulfillment than description. One would expect a video entitled “A Time for Truth” to contain, you know, truth. Or calls to speak the truth, at the very least. Cruz's infomercial, on the other hand, is simply a collection of Cruz clips wherein he apparently confuses speaking the truth with speaking very dramatically and forcefully. It is the Ugly American approach to foreign language in moral form.
Watch as Cruz loudly proclaims he will stand up for various things! He also asks for others to stand up for things! It's a tic in the vernacular of the evangelical subculture Cruz hails from to think of extravagantly passionate sincerity as evidence of honesty and probity. So perhaps Cruz's substitution of one for the other is not an intentional bait-and-switch.
Let's indulge a thought experiment: What if, in all those cases where Cruz's passionate sincerity has been found to be trustworthy, he meant what he said at the time?
We take it for granted that politicians lie to gain votes, to make themselves more appealing, or to make someone else look bad. But what if Cruz wasn't craven, but instead as sincere as he sounds. What would that mean?
There are objective falsehoods that show Cruz could just be looking at a different set of data. Other, more telling whoppers show that Cruz isn't just looking at different data, he's living in a different universe.
The former category contains his insistence that there's no such thing as global warming. The latter kind of lie is why Cruz can look a child in the eye and tell her the world is on fire.
Multiple news organizations have found fault with this standard refrain from his stump speech: “There are 110,000 agents at the IRS. We need to put a padlock on that building and take every one of those 110,000 agents and put them on our southern border.” There are not 110,000 agents at the IRS. There aren't even that many employees. There are about 82,000, of whom about 14,000 are agents.
But that's just a fact-check of the first sentence; what about the underlying notion that there's some kind of equivalence between what accountants do and the kind of peacekeeping one might need at the border?
The most generous interpretation might be that Cruz thinks we're not keeping track of our immigrants; more paperwork is in order. (True enough!) The spookier option is that he thinks IRS agents are as militarized as your local police force, and they would be the group to finally wrest “100 percent operational control” (an Orwellian-sounding metric Cruz often invokes but never explains) in the region.
Cruz's fantasy life, understandably, gets warmer and fuzzier closer to home. Take his version of the aw-shucks, I-don't-deserve-her, backhandedly condescending marital anecdote that male candidates are required to have. It casts his decision to run for Senate as a moment of unexpected validation:
He recalled saying to his wife in the weeks before his Senate primary, when he was still behind in the polls, “Sweetheart, I'd like us to liquidate our entire net worth, liquid net worth, and put it into the campaign.”
“What astonished me, then and now, was Heidi within 60 seconds said, ‘Absolutely,' with no hesitation,” said Mr. Cruz, who invested about $1.2 million—“which is all we had saved,” he added—into his campaign.
Heidi Cruz herself recalls the conversation differently. There was no movie-friendly smash cut “absolutely,” or even assent. Rather, she told Politico, she “wanted him to raise money from elsewhere first, to show that the support was out there.” And even then, “She proposed that they not put their own cash into the campaign unless it made the difference between winning and losing.” That's sort of the opposite of an instantaneous absolutely: a hesitant and conditional maybe.
Maybe Ted's version is just the kind of face-saving white lie we tell ourselves to preserve harmony in a relationship. After all, it's easier and healthier than nursing a grudge. Or, in Cruz's mind, a hesitant and conditional maybe, if it relates to something he wants bad enough, is enthusiastic agreement.
This is delusion would explain almost everything Ted Cruz does.
That would explain Cruz's misguided belief that a wide swath of Americans want to repeal Obamacare. It would explain his quixotic crusade against the country's growing support for marriage equality. It would make sense, even, of his run for the presidency.
Cruz, after all, is a “top-tier” candidate mostly in terms of name recognition. While he's an extremely popular speaker at base-flaming events such as CPAC (where he finished third in the easily gamed Straw Poll), wider swaths of GOP voters are not as kind. Even among the notoriously conservative Republican Iowa caucus-goers he's in single digits. In the even narrower category of self-identified Iowa Tea Partiers, he has only 10 percent of the vote, trailing Ben Carson (11 percent), Rand Paul (15 percent) and flavor of the month Scott Walker (33 percent).
To be fair, most politicians who run for president have some strain of the megalomania that seems to infect Cruz. Almost every politician who runs for president needs to have that curious mental twist, an ego like a funhouse mirror. Otherwise, no one except those already likely to win would run. Ask some liberal Democrats how they feel about that scenario.
But the most successful politicians seem to leaven self-importance with data. Obama's 2008 victory over the inevitable Hillary Clinton is often painted in terms of pure marketing, but it was number-crunching that made the difference in the nitty-gritty days of the final states. Bill Clinton often looks like an example of sentiment prevailing over smarts, but his career's lows reflect the times when he didn't turn off the charm.
Tell the truth, Ted Cruz says. Just don't try to get him to be honest with himself.
Unfortunately, for those who hoped Barack Obama would play Ichabod Crane to Donald Trump's Headless Horseman, fleeing Washington D.C. and politics after being chased out by his nemesis, it looks as though Obama has plans to stick around in politics for some time to come.
Interviewed by sycophantic Jann Wenner of Rolling Stone the day after the presidential election, (in time-honored journalistic tradition, Wenner confesses, “We backed him when he was up and when he was down”) Obama casually stated that he was far from done in the political arena, boasting, “I can say without any equivocation that the country is a lot better off: The economy is stronger, the federal government works better, and our standing in the world is higher.”
Umm, what?
Asked by Wenner, “What's your plan going to be going forward with this?” Obama replied:
You know, I'm gonna sleep for a couple of weeks when I get out of here, take my wife on a well-deserved vacation. And I'll spend time in my first year out of office writing a book, and I'm gonna be organizing my presidential center, which is gonna be focused on precisely this issue of how do we train and empower the next generation of leadership. How do we rethink our storytelling, the messaging and the use of technology and digital media, so that we can make a persuasive case across the country? And not just in San Francisco or Manhattan but everywhere, about why climate change matters or why issues of economic inequality have to be addressed. So I will continue to be very active, and Michelle is going to continue to be very active –
At the end of the interview, Wenner asked Obama about Trump: “Do you think the weight of history will constrain him to some extent?”
Obama answered:
I think sitting behind that desk is sobering, and that it will have an impact on him as it has on every president. But I think the most important constraint on any president is the American people themselves, of an informed citizenry that is active and participating and engaged. And that is going to be something that I will, in my own modest ways, continue to try to encourage for the rest of my life.
Terrific.
Snapping photos of police in Ferguson, Missouri, may have gotten Huffington Post reporter Ryan J. Reilly arrested Wednesday night while he was covering protests prompted by the death of Michael Brown, an unarmed black teenager who was shot to death by a police officer.
Reilly and Washington Post reporter Wesley Lowrey were detained and assaulted after attempting to film a swarm of police officers inside a McDonald's. An officer slammed Reilly's head into a glass window, and Lowery was shoved into a soda fountain while wearing press credentials around his neck. Both were later released without being charged with breaking any laws.
“They essentially acted as a military force,” said Reilly, who was in the restaurant to charge his phone and computer. “It was incredible.”
In recent years, there have been countless cases of police officers ordering people to turn off their cameras, confiscating phones, and, like Reilly, arresting those who attempt to capture footage of them. Despite a common misconception, it's actually perfectly legal to film police officers on the job.
“There are First Amendment protections for people photographing and recording in public,” Mickey Osterreicher, an attorney with the National Press Photographers Association, told The Huffington Post. According to Osterreicher, as long as you don't get in their way, it's perfectly legal to take photos and videos of police officers everywhere in the United States.
Help us spread the truth by sharing the image below:
This misconception is pervasive enough that the New York City Police Department circulated a memo last week reminding officers.
“Members of the public are legally allowed to record police interactions,” the memo states, according to the Daily News. “Intentional interference such as blocking or obstructing cameras or ordering the person to cease constitutes censorship and also violates the First Amendment.”
The NYPD's reminder comes as police activity is in the national spotlight. Just two days after Michael Brown's death, cops in Los Angeles shot to death an unarmed black man who allegedly struggled with mental illness. And three weeks ago, a New York City police officer put Eric Garner in an illegal chokehold that left him dead after gasping “I can't breathe!” A bystander caught the entire thing on video.
Those deaths, along with the arrests of Reilly and Lowrey, have raised questions about what, if anything, individuals can do to hold the police accountable for their actions. But one unquestionable right people have is to capture officers on film.
“There's no law anywhere in the United States that prohibits people from recording the police on the street, in a park, or any other place where the public is generally allowed,” Osterreicher said.
A number of states do bar people from recording private conversations without consent. But as long as the recording is made "openly and not surreptitiously," said Osterreicher, it's fair game. According to Osterreicher, "assuming the position of holding up a camera or phone at arm's length while looking at the viewing screen should be enough to put someone on notice that they are being photographed or recorded."
Several high profile court cases have taken up the issue, and in each case, the judge has either struck down the law or ruled that the police can't reasonably expect privacy while out in public. In March, for example, the Illinois Supreme Court declared the state's eavesdropping law unconstitutional, saying the law criminalized the recording of conversations that "that cannot be deemed private."
So why do so many police officers still act like filming them is a crime?
“Probably because they haven't been trained otherwise,” said Osterreicher. “I think that there are many officers that believe that the minute they tell somebody to do or not do something, that that's an order. But police can only order somebody to do or not do something based on the law, and there is no law that says you can not record or photograph out in public.”
Graphic by Jan Diehm for The Huffington Post.
CLARIFICATION: This story has been updated to include information about state-level eavesdropping laws.
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — Venezuela's president is ordering a 30 percent increase in the minimum wage, the latest move by the socialist government to grapple with high inflation and economic stagnation.
The boost announced Saturday night by President Nicolas Maduro comes after a 25 percent increase on March 1.
The new increase is effective Sunday, which is International Labor Day, and will push the minimum wage to 15,051 bolivars a month. That is about $1,500 at the official exchange rate, but is around $50 at the current black market rate, which largely sets prices of goods for Venezuelans.
Venezuela's oil export-dependent economy shrank 5.7 percent last year, shortages of basic goods multiplied and prices soared. The government has instituted rolling blackouts and state employees are working only two days a week to conserve electricity.
The kamikaze ( Japanese : 神風) literally "divine wind" were two winds or storms that are said to have saved Japan from two Mongol fleets under Kublai Khan . These fleets attacked Japan in 1274 and again in 1281. . Due to the growth of Zen Buddhism among Samurai at the time, these were the first events where the typhoons were described as "divine wind" as much by their timing as by their force. Since Man'yōshū , the word kamikaze has been used as a Makurakotoba of waka introducing Ise Grand Shrine .
The latter fleet, composed of "more than four thousand ships bearing nearly 140,000 men" [2] is said to have been the largest attempted naval invasion in history whose scale was only recently eclipsed in modern times by the D-Day invasion of allied forces into Normandy in 1944.
In the first invasion, the Mongols successfully conquered the Japanese settlements on Tsushima and Iki islands. When they landed on Hakata Bay, however, they met fierce resistance by the armies of samurai clans and were forced to withdraw to their bases in China. In the midst of the withdrawal, they were hit by a typhoon. Most of their ships sank and many soldiers drowned.[3][better source needed]
During the time period between the first and second invasion, the Japanese prudently built two-meter-high walls to protect themselves from future assaults.
Seven years later, the Mongols returned. Unable to find any suitable landing beaches due to the walls, the fleet stayed afloat for months and depleted their supplies as they searched for an area to land. After months of being exposed to the elements, the fleet was destroyed by a great typhoon, which the Japanese called "kamikaze" (divine wind). The Mongols never attacked Japan again, and more than 70,000 men were said to have been captured.[4]
On the eve of the anniversary of the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre, China has cracked down on online discussion of the event by blocking Twitter and a number of other Internet services. Users based around China have begun reporting that they can't access the popular 140-character liveblogging service as chatter about Tiananmen Square has ramped up in recent days, nor can they get onto photo sharing service Flickr, Hotmail, or Live.com/Bing.com.
A brief history lesson for those who aren't familiar: in 1989, demonstrators gathered in Beijing's Tiananmen Square to protest China's authoritarian government. The group was led mostly by students, but over a period of days, it's estimated that several million people joined the students in the Square. The government was irked by this "social chaos" and tried to convince protesters to leave, but did not succeed. Long story short, tanks eventually rolled through Tiananmen Square and fired on unarmed protesters. China has never released an official death count, but estimates range from hundreds to up to 7,000.
This topic is one of several that China aggressively targets when censoring the Internet in recent years, and with every anniversary of the incident more social networking services are available online for people to converse about these forbidden topics. This has forced the government to stay on its toes and add more and more sites to its Great Firewall list. WebSitePulse's Great Firewall test fails to make a connection to Twitter, Flickr, and Hotmail from Beijing or Guangzhou, though reports across the Web show that some users can get spotty access in different parts of China.
"The whole Twitter community in China has been exploding with it," technology "commentator" Kaiser Kuo told Reuters in reference to chatter about the Tiananmen Square incident. "[The block is] just part of life here. If anything surprises me, it's that it took them so long."
We have learned in the past, however, that the blacklist is always changing—sites that are blocked today may not be blocked next week or next month. For example, China has on and off blocked access to Wikipedia, or sometimes just certain Wikipedia pages, for years now. The same applies to Blogspot, Xanga, and a number of other blog hosting sites. Once the Tiananmen Square anniversary passes, various parts of China may well restore access to Twitter, Flickr, and Microsoft's services, but for now, social media addicts will just have to do without.
Code: key 139 Menus
Code: key 139 APP_SWITCH
its REAL ! ,fast ,smooth ,battery life can be good with some changes.(read end of the article)before your start remember you can not downgrade easily so be sure you want this1 - download Odin 3.10 from here 2- download firmware from here this zip file have 5 files I heard cuz of Chinese modem , its better to just flash AP file ! But I didn't flash like this and flashed all 5 files3- extract firmware , boot your mobile on flash mode (when mobile is off hold volume down + home + power button)4- run Odin 3.10 and load extracted files5- Click start , wait ..... Done !after flashing Rom with Odin you have to flash openrecovery-twrp-2.8.4.0-klte.tar1- download twrp from here 2- go to flash mode (download mode)3- run Odin load file as AP then click start4- go to recovery by powering off your device and hold volume up + home + power button5- when you want to reboot to system Twrp will ask you to install SuperSU (rooting your device)6- swipe to confirmnow you have to install google application1- download last Gapps (google apps) from here 2- copy it on your sd/internal memory3- boot to recovery4- install the zip file from your twrp recoveryIf you would like to change menu key to recent app key (like s5, note4 ,...) just do this1- install es explorer (or some roots explore) from here 2- give ex-explorer root access (by clicking menu / tools / root explorer)3- Open /system/usr/keylayout/Generic.kl and changeto4- Restart your S45- now test it ... click to view recent apps hold for menufull instruction is here Unable to start Screen Mirroring because of a hardware issueThis problem occurs in version S [Work in samsung s4] after rooted samsung screen mirror will not work below is the solution :1- open es-explorer and go to system/build.prop edit via text editor2- Add below line :wlan.wfd.hdcp=disable3- save and reboot your device4- finished now you can connect the screen mirroring with your smart TV1- Must be ROOT2- Download SQLite_Editor From HERE 3- Open SQLite_Editor And Choose Apps4- Choose Settings Storage5- Choose Settings.db6- Choose System7- Click on Search And Type Popup or Incoming_Call8- Change Value From 0 To 1 , Save9-Enjoy it1. Open Root Explorer and go to system folder.2. Open build.prop in Text Editor3. find this two linero.product.name=ro.product.device=4. Replace whatever value is in there with the value below.ro.product.name=kltevzwro.product.device=kltevzw5. Save it and Reboot.I Installed some usefull application and removed some unwanted apps like Chinese apps and (installed : greenify system app manager ) then ( disabled some system apps from " system app manager " : samsung kies , s translate , quick connect , s finder , 3d tour , ANT , S Voice , whatch on , S memo , s finder , search )It's done ENJOYdon't forget to click Thanks or visit my Naroon Website thank you
This is part of a series of dispatches from TED Global 2012 in Edinburgh, on the theme of Radical Openness. Follow the Twitter hashtag #TEDGlobal or follow me on Twitter: @Parmy
Don Tapscott is one of those people often described as a futurist - and in this case, the label fits pretty well. The author and chairman of Moxie Insight was one of the first to lay out how the Internet would change business, and helped define the emergence of a Net Generation and "digital divide." His latest ideas surround how we are moving from an information age, to a networked age.
Tapscott believes that the world's future is one of openness, a digital one permitted by the growing pervasiveness of the Internet. If the Internet of yesterday was a platform for content, today it's for computation, a global computer that humans can share, enabling us to "collaborate on an astronomical basis." Humanity, Tapscott says, is building a machine that lets us share, collaborate and become more transparent. That's scary for established institutions that stem back to the Industrial Age, housing everything from education to entertainment to business. So civilization itself needs a reboot. I sat down with Tapscott after his talk so that he could walk me through how that might happen:
To say civilisation needs "rebooting" suggests something is wrong with it to start with. What is that exactly?
If you look around the world you see problems: the sovereign debt crisis in Europe, so-called jobless recovery everywhere, double dip recession in the U.K. and social unrest growing everywhere. These are not unrelated phenomenon. They are rooted in the fact that the industrial age has run out of gas and we have a modus operandi for our institutions, which is inappropriate, one of mass production, mass marketing, mass distribution, mass democracy and mass education. And it was a big improvement over what existed before, but now it's taken us as far as it can in human history and it's stalled. So just like the printing press before got us to the Industrial Age, we now have new communications revolution that can get us to a new age of networked intelligence,
What are the catalysts for that change?
You've got the Internet and technology revolution and the creation of a global computational platform that enables collaboration on an astronomical scale. We've got a demographic revolution: children of the baby boom first to come of age in the digital age; I did a $4 million research project [involving] 11,000 young people in 10 countries. We also have a demand pull from the global economic crisis that's created a burning platform. We can't keep doing things the way we do because they don't work. You put that together and you have a perfect storm that's causing us to think differently and in radical ways about most of our institutions.
You mentioned that civilization needs to rebuild its institutions around a new set of four corresponding principles: collaboration, transparency, sharing and empowerment. These are not easy for established institutions to embrace, particularly "sharing."
Every one of them is in sharp contrast to the principles of the Industrial Age, in the way that we orchestrate capability and manage our organizations. Collaboration is brutally difficult. It's getting easier but still difficult. Collaboration goes against the hierarchy which is deeply ingrained in our institutional DNA. Transparency is very counter cultural. Throughout history organizations have defaulted towards opacity.
Sharing intellectual property at first glance makes no sense whatsoever. Why on earth would you give away your intellectual property? IBM gave away $400 million of software to Linux. Why do that? It saved them $900 million a year developing their own proprietary systems, and created a platform for creating a hardware and service business, and they also got to stick it to Microsoft, probable not in that order of importance. So this is just very different thinking. Empowerment is tough too because that's about giving up power. It's about achieving power through people rather than over people. It's about letting go to build more successful organizations and a more open society.
You referred to "Wiki revolutions" that occur very quickly, and often see a leadership vacuum. Isn't it the case that in an increasingly open world, there's a risk that extremists can fill that leadership vacuum? For example we've just seen the Muslim Brotherhood win elections in Egypt following the revolution there, while charismatic, and sometimes criminal hackers have at various points become figureheads for the subversive hacktivist movement Anonymous.
It is a risk but these are called "implementation challenges." They are not reasons to not move forward. They fall in a different category. The big challenge facing the revolutionaries in the Arab World and North Africa is how do we use social media not just to bring about the defeat of a government, but to help build the organizations and leadership that can forge a open society, because you do need organizations to do that.
This is about re-defining the word "organization," then.
Yeah. The old media was centralized, controllable… The new media is the antithesis of all that. It's one-to-one and many-to-many. It's highly distributed, and not really controllable in a conventional sense. And as such it has this awesome neutrality. It will be what we want it to be. If we want it to be a platform to bring down a tyrant it will be that. If we want it to be a platform to commit crimes it will be that. So my argument to people is get involved. Bring your legitimate expectations to the table and lets participate in shaping this.
You've spoken about entering a networked age also means becoming part of a global consciousness. But what about the value of solitude - creating things out of a situation of total focus, out of our own heads. Might we lose that?
Radical openness applies to institutions, companies, governments - it does not apply to individuals. This idea that we should all live out loud, just open up the kimono personally - sure there are some benefits from sharing personal information. But privacy is still a very important right in and concept that needs to be defendant. I wrote a seven-part series about "Living Out Loud" and why that's a dumb idea.
[But] increasingly we get creative ideas coming from the wisdom that can be contained in big collaborations. I think it is true that we are creating a new kind of intelligence that is networked and maybe some kind of consciousness. So this will be a very interesting challenge for all of us - going forward to redesign the way that we think the way that we collaborate and the way that we come up with new insights.
One example: Einstein was famously interviewed once and at the end of the interview, the journalist [asked for Einstein's] phone number. Einstein said, "One moment" and he pulled out a phone book. "Whoa," she said. "You're the smartest man in the world and you don't know your own phone number?" Einstein said, "I only remember things I can't look up." So there's an interesting issue. What should we have on board the main memory and what should we store off board? One of the issues is of our brains, re-designing the way we think and changing the way we learn and collaborate.
You've talked about the Net Generation that grew up playing around on the Internet, this global "machine" we're creating. What about another, coming generation -- the toddlers who are playing with iPads and kids who are coding their own apps -- that grows up programming that global machine.
The stereotype of them is false, that they're the dumbest generation, that they're net addicted, glued to the screen, losing their social skills, that we've created a little army of narcissists, or "Generation Me." None of this is supported by data. In the United Sates, this is the smartest generation, graduating from university like never before. It's never been tougher to get into the best schools, standard tests scores have gone up… Youth crime has been going down year-on-year…The percentage of kids that are clean in high school has gone up year-on-year for 15 years. To blame the internet is to blame the library for ignorance. The problems are with the schools and how Industrial-Age institutions are failing. We need to fix rather than blame young people.
Last gasp Bradford grab exra-time victory - full report
First Posted ~ 13:10 Wed 9 May 2012 News ID ~ 4228 Last Updated ~ 13:10 Wed 9 May 2012
FC United hearts were broken as Bradford Park Avenue grabbed a last minute 1-0 winner in extra time to secure promotion into the Conference North.It was the cruellest of blows for the United players and fans, who had given it their all on an afternoon where victory held such significance but, as was the case in Colwyn Bay a year ago, it wasn't to be for the men in red.The Reds came into the game with a late change in between the sticks as James Spencer, who has been ever present in this season's league campaign, was replaced by Jon Worsnop after Spencer had injured his finger working on Saturday.But the Reds weren't put off by the change and began the game brightly, quick into the tackles and for the most part looking the better of the two teams.As is often the case with finals, the game became a little tentative and the football didn't flow as freely as would usually be the case between these two teams. But that didn't put the crowd off, who despite their limited numbers for ‘safety reasons' were of a fine voice all the way through.The best opportunity of the opening period fell to Michael Norton in the box; whose quick shot in the box deflected off an Avenue defender and creeped just wide of the home team's goal.In the second half it was the home team who looked the more likely to score and they had large amounts of possession in the second 45 minutes putting United on the back foot and forcing the Reds into high long balls up the pitch, which were noticeably frustrating manager Karl Marginson on the sidelines.United had two great opportunities to open the scoring firstly when Carlos Roca fired a free-kick just over the Avenue bar and then Jake Cottrell fired from outside the box and forced a great touch over the bar from Avenue ‘keeper John Lamb.Margy moved to put Nicky Platt and Astley Mulholland on for Roca and Johnson, in a bid to bolster the midfield and add some fresh legs to the front line. But as the game drew on you got the feeling it was going to be settled by one goal or even the dreaded penalty shootout.Bradford had a fine opportunity to grab a winner late on as a ball across the box was dragged across goal but Adam Jones hoofed the ball away showing the desire United would need as the game went into an extra 30 minutes.At the end of normal time the players looked tired and out on their feet, but then the fans came into life just before extra time kicked off and this proved as an adrenaline shot for the Reds who began brightly in stoppage time and came out on the attack.But despite their best early efforts coming forward there was no way through for the Reds who looked like they needed the rest after the first 15 minutes was up, as the flow of the game returned to Bradford's favour.The second half of extra time again followed the same pattern as most of the game as both teams had good spells but nothing substantial and it looked as though the game was heading for a nerve wrecking finale in the form of penalties.But it was to be an even crueller blow than losing out in a shoot-out for United as a ball fired across the edge of the six yard box was bundled home by Tom Greaves to put Avenue a goal up and leave Untied no time what so ever to find a reply.It was in all honesty a crushing blow for United who for the second year running were denied promotion by a single goal in a game that was a 50/50 affair all the way through.Every man, woman, dog, blow-up doll and toy meerkat put their all into the game and it was fiiting that the red army went on the pitch to console with their red shirted hereos and thank them for another hard fought campaign. Being beaten right at the end was a cruel way to lose but the red flag will fly high once more.Website man of the match: Adam Jones – capped off a great first season with a solid performance from the back, put 100% into the game today; as did everybody else, and didn't deserve to be on the losing team.Report by Craig Phillips
***Update June 6, 2016***
It is with heavy hearts that we report that Bretagne passed away this evening. Bretagne lived a life of love, hope, and bravery for 16 years. Her dedication and loyalty changed the lives of so many. She will never be forgotten.
Our thoughts are with her mom, Denise Corliss, and with all who loved this wonderful pup.
Run free, sweet Bretagne.
***Original Story***
Meet Bretagne: the last known living search and rescue dog who worked at Ground Zero.
As members of Texas Task Force 1, Bretagne and her mom/handler Denise Corliss had an intense first deployment. They joined nearly 100 other search and rescue dogs to find and save people trapped in the rubble of the World Trade Center after 9/11. They've had an unshakable bond ever since.
After hearing Bretagne's story and learning that her 16th birthday was coming up, there was no question in our minds that she deserved a Dog's Best Day for the ages.
To celebrate her birthday and thank her for her incredible service, we were honored to team up with the dog-lovers at 1 Hotels to bring this New York City hero and her mom back to the city for the ultimate Dog's Best Day.
A big thanks to our pals at 1 Hotel Central Park for helping us make this day possible and giving Bretagne luxe dog-friendly accommodations, Film Cars for making sure she rode around in style, Select A Sign for putting her name in lights and Roundabout Theatre Company for making sure she had the best seat in the house to see it, Bubba Rose Biscuit Company and District Dog for making sure she had a truly sweet Sweet 16 birthday cake, and Hudson River Park for bestowing the Bone of the Dog Park. We couldn't have celebrated our guest of honor without you.
To Bretagne and all of the working dogs who give so selflessly to help humans around the world, thank you.
Help us find our next Dog's Best Day honoree. Email [email protected] with your deserving pup's story.
Featured Image via Texas Task Force 1
One day while hanging around at the #gnome-design IRC channel, Allan Day made me aware of the fact that default avatars in GNOME could use a revamp. Sounded like a nice adventure, so I began following an exciting yet challenging path, aiming to find the treasure that is good avatar conceptual design.
A typical example of a context which these default avatars would appear in.
First step for the conceptual design was to define an avatar's purpose based on the context which the avatar(s) would appear in (see figure above). My main thoughts were that:
An avatar should be unique to each user, to make the user distinguishable from other users on the system.
The avatar is the only colorful asset on the grey background.
The default avatar should be formal and personal at the same time, to fit on everything from your laptop at home to your workstation at work.
After some experimentation and a bit of discussion on #gnome-design, I came up with the idea of utilizing the great symbolic footer-art seen in GNOME on the web, to create a default set of avatars that could meet these criteria. The avatars' personal yet simple and clean look makes for a nice balance to fit in both personal and formal contexts in my opinion. The picture below displays the majority of the avatar motives (colors not final). More information can be found on the design page for avatars.
More avatars can be found at the design page for GNOME avatars.
Based on this, Allan Day came up with a design of an avatar chooser (it rocks!). The picture below is one out of six interfaces which the avatar chooser consists of.
Source: /gnome-design-team/gnome-mockups/avatar-chooser/ by Allan Day
Next up I'll be focusing on the default avatars for Empathy, which for now will follow a more ‘generated' approach. However, most of my time still goes towards the documentation video. More on that in a future blog post of mine.
Some would argue, "No, no. This never happens."
Obviously, they're not living in the real world. Just like how women can be treated badly, men can also be treated badly. And for some reason, men are socially engineered to take more crap from the woman. Here are some of the things women who treat men badly do:
1. "Disapprove" of him and his likes in attempt to change the man.
2. Keep reminding him that she wants to break up with him on a specific set date.
3. Taking for granted, his ability to understand and compromise.
4. Taking advantage of his generosity. In this case, she starts becoming a gold-digger.
5. Getting her way whenever there is a conflict. Some would argue the man may be passive at this point. But usually, the only thing he wants to avoid is a meaningless argument.
6. Flirting with other men either in front of him or behind his back.
7. Cheating on him.
8. Not understanding that his personality can grow to become more enlightened.
9. Having sex only when she wants.
10. Not respecting his private/personal life.
11. Arguing over every meaningless detail of either "what he said" or "what he did".
12. Having little tolerance and patience of his own "flaws".
13. Not saying "sorry" when she's wrong.
14. Not admitting when she's wrong and always trying to get him to admit he's wrong when he really isn't.
15. Blaming him for everything or anything that goes wrong.
16. Not going to important events with him. (e.g. his graduation, lifetime achievement award ceremony, their wedding, etc...)
17. Not sacrificing nor compromising anything of hers for his benefit. (Aren't relationships suppose to be a two-way street?)
18. Telling him "I don't love you," yet still wanting to have sex with him.
It is a good thing that not all women are like this. Hell, if they were, I'm sure there would be battles raging on. For all the nice girls out there, keep being nice and the man of your dreams may come to you.
...and here's a continuation of the list fromour break-up
19. Leaving the relationship, the apartment, the life you were supposed to have with her without a word from her except a measely 2-cent note.
20. Leaving with you the bills and the rent to pay after she'd gone.
21. Not telling you the reasons she left until at least a month passes by, and then seeing it posted on a public website instead of discussing it face to face.
What's the catch?
While some developers believe that HTML5 will provide the future for browser games, Firefox company Mozilla has plans to bridge the gap between existing technologies and open web standards -- and they've brought along some notable friends to help them out.The company unveiled asm.js and Emscripten at the start of the year, upcoming technology that Mozilla says can take C++ code and convert it into Javascript, essentially allowing high-end games to run in web browsers far more easily.Unveiled with examples from Valve and Epic's Unreal Engine 3, Mozilla is hoping that this tech will have major implications for browser games, as AAA studios will soon be able to port their big budget titles directly to browser, and get players set-up within a minute of visiting a game's website.Now another studio has jumped onboard with the tech. Trendy Games, the studio behind 2011 hit, today revealed a new game that will make use of asm.js and Emscripten, and run directly in a browser with little fuss.is a free-to-play action RPG shooter from new Trendy subsidiary Nom Nom Games, that will not only implement asm.js, but also work cross-platform to allow players to battle alongside each other in the browser and on separate platforms.Jeremy Stieglitz, co-founder at Trendy Entertainment, and director of Nom Nom Games, explained to Gamasutra that the asm.js and Emscripten Mozilla technologies are allowing his company to compile existing C++ applications directly into an optimized form of Javascript, running in a browser at approximately 50 percent the performance of a native application."We've compiled and deployed our multiplayer Unreal Engine 3 online shooter into a web application with this technology, and have it playing alongside the desktop and mobile versions," Stieglitz tells us. "This tech, when combined with other newish Web APIs such as WebGL, WebAudio, and WebSockets or WebRTC, makes it possible for game developers to now target the browser -- and its potential hundreds of millions of players -- as a fully featured high-end gaming platform without the need for separate plugins or 3rd party software installations."Stieglitz says that every other solution his company has experimented with hasn't be optimal. HTML5 for example is too slow and unwieldy, says the CTO, while FlasCC does not yet have good enough support.Meanwhile NaCl is Chrome-only, and the Unity web plugin requirement adds friction for many web users. The Emscripten tech, on the other hand, requires no plug-ins, and no friction -- it's a case of going to a game website, hitting playing, and you're in."And because the code is an intermediate processor-abstract language (a Javascript subset), it doesn't have to be tested on different operating systems or CPUs," says Stieglitz. "If the browser supports asm.js (as Chrome and Firefox do, among others), the application will just 'work' regardless of the underlying machine."Of course, there are limitations as you'd expect. For one, the tech is currently not fully supported in Internet Explorer, nor is it supported in Safari. Meanwhile, its performance in Chrome is around two-thirds that of Firefox -- though Stieglitz notes that "it is still very good and entirely sufficient in Chrome."And the real kicker is that it's not yet fully supported for mobile, which is going to be a real stumbling block for many developers. Still, even with its Firefox and Chrome compatibility, you're looking at PC user support of around 75 percent.But are people actually going to play AAA games in a browser? Admits Stieglitz, "I'm not sure anyone fully knows the answer to that question yet.""What we do know is that until recently the tech wasn't really practical to provide a seamless AAA experience in-browser (without a custom compiled plugin, such as Unity, which has its own friction impositions to the end-user)," adds the dev. "What I am pretty sure of is that providing high-end content to more people, to reach an expanded audience in addition to traditional gaming platforms, is likely to be a net win for a developer seeking to reach players directly."The bottom line, says Stieglitz, is that technology like Mozilla's is making it possible to develop for a native platform executable and the web simultaneously in C++, and that can never be a bad thing.can now be played in a web browser directly on the official website , while the full game is due for release in May 2014.
Free Electron Lasers ...or why we need 17 billion Volts to make a picture.
Thorsten
59 min
59 min 2017-12-28
2017-12-28 7844
7844 fahrplan.events.ccc.de
Playlists: '34c3' videos starting here
Wouldn't it be awesome to have a microscope which allows scientists to map atomic details of viruses, film chemical reactions, or study the processes in the interior of planets? Well, we've just built one in Hamburg. It's not table-top, though: 1 billion Euro and a 3km long tunnel is needed for such a ‘free electron laser', also called 4th generation synchrotron light source. I will talk about the basic physics and astonishing facts and figures of the operation and application of these types of particle accelerators.
Most people have heard about particle accelerators, most prominently LHC, at which high energy particles are brought to collision in order to study fundamental physics. However, in fact most major particle accelerators in the world are big x-ray microscopes.
The latest and biggest of these synchrotron radiation sources which was built is the European XFEL. A one billion Euro ‘free electron laser', based on a superconducting accelerator technology and spread out 3km beneath the city of Hamburg. The produced x-ray pulses allow pictures, for example from proteins, with sub-atomic resolution and an exposure time short enough to enable in-situ studies of chemical reactions.
This talk aims to explain how particle accelerators and in particular light sources work, for what reason we need these big facilities to enable new types of science and why most of modern technology would be inconceivable without them.
Download
Related
Embed Share:
Tags
I will take over this for a moment to avoid emotional melt downs because of upcoming DQs due to the Taiko difficulties.
While all Taiko QATs are certain about the reason why the patterns at 01:18:451 - in the Inner Oni exist; because of how the song is build, we do not agree with this having in the official ranking section of osu!, which is why it is a must to change this no matter what. The reason behind it, is, that all of us agreed that beside the questionable playability which is outrageous, this one pattern with its current structure is too irregular, clustered and too much exposed for difficulty purpose, which was another reason by mapper for having such patterns.
A possible solution given by the QATs is having at 01:18:451 - a 1/6 kddkddkddk pattern, given the fact that at 01:19:063 - , 01:20:287 - and overall in the beatmap you used these very often. This is of course one of many possible solutions which could be found.
The change of this pattern is mandatory. There is no work around.
At this point, it seems like no bit of intellectual property is off the the table for a potential reboot or revival. NBC's late-'90s/early-'00s sitcom Will & Grace is the most prominent revival of the fall season, and it's just one of a number of classic sitcoms including One Day at a Time and Roseanne to get resurrected recently. So it's worth speculating about any hit of yesteryear's chances of a comeback. One such sitcom is Frasier, Will & Grace's fellow '90s/early-'00s NBC hit.
Here comes the cold water: Kelsey Grammer, who won four Emmys for his performance as Dr. Frasier Crane on the series and can currently be seen in Amazon's period drama The Last Tycoon, says a Frasier return is unlikely.
"There has been some talk, but it's nothing but talk," he tells TV Guide. "There are so many people that would be lined up to get their cut that even trying to finance a reboot of Frasier would be nightmarish."
That being said, Grammer likes the idea and has thought about what Frasier's life would look like 15 or so years after we last saw him.
"It would be neat to see what happened to him, because clearly he never had any luck in love," says Grammer. He thinks that it wouldn't have worked out with Laura Linney's character Charlotte, who Frasier moved to Chicago to be with, and so he'd be in a new place with new versions of his old problems.
A reboot would necessitate the recasting of the show's iconic Jack Russell terrier Eddie, an observation so depressing that Grammer's Last Tycoon co-star Dominique McElligott bursts out laughing. But Grammer notes that Eddie was already recast during the show's run — Moose played him from 1993 to 2000 before his son Enzo took over until the show ended in 2004.
Watch the Trailer for Amazon's The Last Tycoon
Grammer then reveals some behind-the-scenes gossip from Frasier about how towards the end of his stint Moose had gotten so old and gray that in his last appearance on the show the make-up department painted his faded markings back on, and he just got to sit on the couch and take it easy, since he couldn't really perform anymore.
And then Grammer dropped a real bombshell: Moose used to bite John Mahoney, who played Martin, Frasier's father and Eddie's owner, whenever he'd sit on his lap. "Mahoney hated him," Grammer says. So the sweetness captured in the photo below is a complete lie!
Moose and John Mahoney, Frasier Photo: NBC, NBC via Getty Images
Such a diva, that Moose.
The Last Tycoon is available to stream on Amazon Prime.
The Chicago Transit Board approved a lease for Flaco's Tacos Wednesday at 1116-20 W. Granville Ave. View Full Caption Facebook/Flaco's Tacos
EDGEWATER — Flaco's Tacos is coming to Granville Station.
The Chicago Transit Board approved a lease for the eatery Wednesday to open at 1116-20 W. Granville Ave., across the street from the main station.
The 10-year lease also includes use of outdoor patio space at the station, according to a Chicago Transit Authority news release.
Flaco's Tacos has three other locations, in Wrigleyville, Downtown and Streeterville.
An "exciting" tenant had been rumored to be coming to the station, according to Ald. Harry Osterman's 48th Ward office.
Flaco's co-owner Edmund Hebson, who runs the business with his brother, Jim, said Wednesday not only does "it feels good" to expand the business, but also it's "a little nerveracking."
Hebson said he had just opened the Wrigleyville location in 2013.
On Granville, Hebson's plans to use the storefronts, located under both tracks. The small patio space in between will be used for outdoor seating, he said.
He also plans to apply for an incidental liquor license to serve alcoholic drinks. One of the storefronts will feature hand-scooped ice cream with Mexican flavors such as chile and avocado.
"So many of our flavors come from Latin America so it's not too much of a stretch," he said of the ice cream.
If all goes as planned, the restaurant should open in fall 2015, he said.
The board also approved a 10-year lease for the existing Dunkin' Donuts at the Loyola Station.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Lyra vector is Credited to
BonBon vector is Credited to
Derpy vector is Credited to
Tonight, Lyra, Bonbon and Derpy are taking an evening train From Canary Wharf Station west into central London on the Jubilee line.The Jubilee line of the underground is one of the youngest yet busiest lines on the underground network and in the entire United kingdom (Crossrail is predicted to be busier once it's complete)Canary Wharf station itself is a London Icon. Instead of looking like a regular underground station it looks really futuristic, the main station hall itself looks like an airport terminal (it reminds me of the terminal at Oslos Main Airport at Gardermoen) its also made of completely fireproof materials and like the rest of the line has automated doors on the platforms making it one of Londons the safest underground stations.
Russian President Vladimir Putin mocked conspiracy theories linking President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign and his own government, asking NBC News' Megyn Kelly whether Americans had “all lost your senses over there.”
In the interview, marking the inaugural episode of NBC News' Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly, Putin faced a barrage of questions covering every aspect of the various allegations that Democrats and the media have made.
He dismissed any notion that he had a close relationship with former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, and mocked the idea that Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, had nefarious dealings through the Russian ambassador:
For me, this is just amazing. You created a sensation out of nothing. And out of this sensation, you turned it into a weapon of war against the current president. Well, this is, you know, you're just, you people are so creative over there. Good job. Your lives must be boring.
Later, the mockery became more intense:
Kelly: There have been questions in America about Donald Trump's finances. He hasn't released his tax returns. There have been questions about this secret Russian dossier, which he says is fake, but which purports to have blackmail information in it generated by the Russians. There have been questions about the communications between the Kremlin and the Trump campaign. All of which has Americans asking, “Do you have something damaging on our president?” Putin: Well, this is just another load of nonsense. Where would we get this information from? Why, did we have some special relationship with him? We didn't have any relationship at all. There was a time when he used to come to Moscow. But you know, I never met with him. We have a lot of Americans who visit us. Right now, I think we have representatives from a hundred American companies that have come to Russia. Do you think we're gathering compromising information on all of them right now or something? Are you all, have you all lost your senses over there?
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.
Global Research's sharp 13-minute video documents Hillary Clinton's lies and flip-flops on these topics:
Same-sex marriage.
Whether she's progressive or moderate.
Claimed she turned over all State Department e-mails when that total is less than 1%.
Claims she “went to Wall Street and said cut it out” while she takes money from those she claims to “criticize” (as if “cut it out” represents leadership and legal power to stop illegal activity).
Blames victims of mortgage fraud when those offering the contract are legally responsible for ethical verification.
Former universal health care support in rhetoric, then attack Sanders on that very policy position.
Claims she “mis-spoke” about being “under sniper fire” in Bosnia after being documented making the claim on five occasions.
Supported NAFTA and blocked opposition. Now claims to be a critic of NAFTA and lies about previous support.
Americans who vote for Hillary (or Trump) are voting to continue the following policies of a US rogue state, with 95%+ who would never agree if honestly briefed on the facts:
All the wars were started with “reasons” known to be false as they were told. We know this absolutely from now-disclosed government agency documents. Did you know?
The wars are Orwellian unlawful; not even close to legal. If there's one law responsible citizens must know, and to honor the awful sacrifices of all our families through not one but two world wars, it's war law. Did you know?
The real solutions to correct the Robber Baron-era system are monetary reform (direct creation of debt-free money for productive infrastructure) and public banks (at-cost and in-house credit to reduce government borrowing costs by 50%). For just one example: if your state had their own bank with a 5% mortgage and credit card, all state taxes are abundantly paid for, with no other taxation ever needed. The benefits of just a few reforms are conservatively calculated to $1,000,000 per average US household. Literally, you have nothing more valuable for your time than to learn this. Did you know?
Of course, almost all Americans don't know.
I use rogue state in its academic meaning: a nation constantly breaking international law with both threat and harm to others, ruled by authoritarians who restrict rights and proliferate weapons of mass destruction. Since WW2, Earth has had 248 armed conflicts. The US started 201 of them (81%). These ongoing illegal Wars of Aggression have killed ~30 million and counting; 90% of these deaths are innocent children, the elderly and ordinary working civilian women and men. The sum of 30 million means the US has war-murdered more than Hitler's Nazis. Did you know?
If you need further evidence of election fraud through unaccountable electronic voting machines, “leadership” and corporate media manipulated primaries, and the general characteristics of both Clinton and Trump beyond being illegal rogue state supporters driving We the People further and further into debt slavery, look here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here for further documentation as clear as we've covered so far.
There is an alternative to voting for bullshit democracy: Demand .01% arrests
The responsible citizen response to this Emperor's New Clothes obvious crimes centered in war, money, and lies is to demand arrests of US Left and Right .01% leaders.
Please read that sentence again to appreciate its elegant power and truth.
The alternative is to lie to one's self, nation, and global community to allow ongoing crimes that annually kill millions, harm billions, and loot trillions. This is not a responsible alternative, let alone to take the criminal fraud further to vote the Left or Right's chosen puppet to bullshit for further crimes.
In fact, unless one wishes to condone, bond, and join such evil and bullshit, one cannot vote for it. If one wishes to stand as an American under our ideals and Constitution, one must demand arrests for such outrageous crimes.
The categories of crime include:
Wars of Aggression (the worst crime a nation can commit). Likely treason for lying to US military, ordering unlawful attack and invasions of foreign lands, and causing thousands of US military deaths. Crimes Against Humanity for ongoing intentional policy of poverty that's killed over 400 million human beings just since 1995 (~75% children; more deaths than from all wars in Earth's recorded history).
US military, law enforcement, and all with Oaths to support and defend the US Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, face an endgame choice:
Demand arrests, with those with lawful authority to enact it. An arrest is the lawful action to stop apparent crimes, with the most serious crimes documented here meaning the most serious need for arrests.
Watch the US escalate its rogue state crimes under President Clinton or President Trump.
In just 90 seconds, former US Marine Ken O'Keefe powerfully states how you may choose to voice “very obvious solutions”: arrest the criminal leaders (video starts at 20:51, then finishes this episode of Cross Talk):
**
Note: I make all factual assertions as a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History, with all economics factual claims receiving zero refutation since I began writing in 2008 among Advanced Placement Macroeconomics teachers on our discussion board, public audiences of these articles, and international conferences. I invite readers to empower their civic voices with the strongest comprehensive facts most important to building a brighter future. I challenge professionals, academics, and citizens to add their voices for the benefit of all Earth's inhabitants.
**
Carl Herman is a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History; also credentialed in Mathematics. He worked with both US political parties over 18 years and two UN Summits with the citizen's lobby, RESULTS, for US domestic and foreign policy to end poverty. He can be reached at Carl_Herman@post.harvard.edu
Note: Examiner.com has blocked public access to my articles on their site (and from other whistleblowers), so some links in my previous work are blocked. If you'd like to search for those articles other sites may have republished, use words from the article title within the blocked link. Or, go to http://archive.org/web/, paste the expired link into the box, click “Browse history,” then click onto the screenshots of that page for each time it was screen-shot and uploaded to webarchive. I'll update as “hobby time” allows; including my earliest work from 2009 to 2011 (blocked author pages: here, here).
**
1000-Yard Williamsport Egg Shoot
Last weekend, the first annual Father's Day Fun Match and Egg Shoot was held at the Original PA 1000-yard Benchrest Club in Williamsport. One of the challenges was hitting hard-boiled eggs placed on the berm at 1040 yards. Most “egg shoots” are conducted at considerably shorter distances — but at Williamsport, “fun begins at 1000″.
The video below shows the egg “shoot-off” at 1040 yards. The eggs were suspended with fishing line so they bounce a bit — adding to the challenge.
Near the end of the video, at the 1:06″ mark, you can see a hit on the #7 egg target. (That's our Asst. Editor Jason Baney calling the hit — the shooter was using a 6mmBR). It all goes to show that, with enough rounds downrange, a good shooter can nail an egg at 1000 yards.
Similar Posts:
Tags: 1000 Yards, Egg Shoot, Father's Day, Jason Baney, Williamsport
"I just wish for people to give me a chance" EDMONTON – Omar Khadr is standing in his bedroom looking out at the backyard. It is his second morning of freedom after nearly 13 years behind bars, and he's embarrassed because he doesn't know how to open the window. "Oh there we go. Well that will come in handy," he says as he's shown where to lift the latch and fresh air fills the room. "It got hot yesterday. So that's one of the basic skills I'm going to learn. Is how to open my window." Open a window. Open a bank account. Get a driver's license. Get a library card. There are so many small skills to be learned by a man who has loomed large since he was shot and captured in Afghanistan at the age of 15 - a man who has never been allowed to speak publicly. For the first time since being granted bail earlier this month, Khadr spoke over two days in exclusive interviews for the Toronto Star and a documentary that will air Thursday on the CBC. Until now Khadr has existed in caricature drawn and defined by others: victim, killer, child, detainee, political pawn, terrorist, pacifist; he has been compared both to South African freedom fighter Nelson Mandela and serial murderer Paul Bernardo. Scenes from "Omar Khadr: Out of the Shadows" He has been prosecuted by the Bush and Obama administrations, interrogated by Canadian intelligence agents while the Liberals were in power, vilified by the Conservative government and defended as a child soldier by prominent figures such as retired Lt.-Gen. Romeo Dallaire and peace activist Desmond Tutu. When Khadr, now 28, briefly answered journalists' questions after his release on May 7, he appeared calm and humble, was articulate, spoke with a slight Canadian accent and smiled constantly. How? Raised in what was once called "Canada's First Family of Terrorism," shuttled as a boy between Scarborough and Jalalabad, shot, captured, tortured and imprisoned. How did he walk away unscathed? Khadr insists the serene persona is genuine. This is him. A brief timeline of Khadr's life Map by William Davis/Toronto Star "People are just going to think I'm fake," he says. "You know, you go through a struggle, you go through a trauma, you're going to be bitter, you're going to hate some people, it's just the normal thing to do and this guy not having these natural emotions is probably hiding something." During his first few days of freedom, he seems a little mystified at times by the choices he now has. Someone has dropped off cupcakes and he wonders aloud if he can eat one for breakfast. He jokes often, apologizes if he keeps us waiting, even though he is uncomfortable in the spotlight. He repeatedly thanks Patricia Edney, wife of his longtime lawyer Dennis Edney, and accepts hugs from her and lessons in the kitchen. Khadr is living with the Edneys while on bail. They're a close couple and demonstrative with their two sons and two dogs; Khadr seems to be right at home. Gone is the teenaged Khadr who often looked sullen and forlorn during his Guantanamo hearings years ago. He comes across confident, stubborn at times, although he says he often feels insecure and scares easily. Khadr only reluctantly agreed to tell his side of the story. He would rather prove that he is not the man Prime Minister Stephen Harper believes him to be. "I don't wish people to love me. I don't wish people to hate me. I just wish for people to give me a chance," he says. His greatest wish is one not likely to be granted - at least not any time soon. "I wish that I could get out of prison and just be the next Joe on the street who nobody knows and who nobody gives a second look or thought to. That would be my ideal life."
"It's like it happened to
someone else" When Khadr talks about his past, he says he feels emotionally detached as he remembers the 2002 firefight in Afghanistan during which an American soldier was fatally wounded, the days of interrogations at the U.S. prison in Bagram, or his decade in Guantanamo, where he was once used as a human mop after he urinated on himself. At Bagram, the U.S. military base in Afghanistan where many detainees were interrogated before their transfer to Guantanamo, little was off limits in the treatment of detainees, according to Damien Corsetti, an American military interrogator nicknamed the "Monster." "They told us everything we were doing was within the law," Corsetti said in 2013 when he was interviewed in the southern U.S. town where he has lived since leaving the military. Khadr struggles when he talks about his treatment in Bagram; he would rather leave the past to the past. Some of the "enhanced interrogations techniques" included forced nudity, leaving prisoners hanging by their shackled wrists and pouring water over their hooded faces, Corsetti said. Meeting Khadr in Bagram was a turning point for Corsetti. He says he looked at Khadr and for the first time wondered if the war was just, when a child "gets wrapped up in something like this. "It was through Omar's injustice that definitely I started to see the errors of my ways." Khadr struggles when he talks about his treatment in Bagram; he would rather leave the past to the past. "To a large degree it's like it happened to someone else. It's not a nice place. I wouldn't wish it on the worst of my enemies," he says. He insists he is not bitter about what happened there - or later in Guantanamo. "I believe that each person, each human being, is capable of doing great harms or great good," Khadr says. "People who did these bad things are not any different than any one of us. "Even for people who tortured. There are a lot of people who came back and regretted what they did, so as along as a person is alive there is still hope for him that he's going to change." During the early years at Bagram, where he turned 16, and at Guantanamo, he was "all over the place emotionally and ideologically." "I was just a mess. I would be around a bunch of people, I would start acting like them and talking like them, just doing everything they were doing, and then they'd move me to a different (part of the prison) and I'd just adapt." But Khadr said he made a conscious decision to think on his own and was influenced not just by detainees, but also by some of the guards, his American lawyers, his Canadian legal team of Edney and Nathan Whitling, psychologists and eventually people like Arlette Zinck, an Edmonton professor who visited him in Guantanamo. And he learned how to cope, learned how to control his emotions - the only part of his life he had the power to control. "It would be nice to cry without having to think about crying. Just do your thing and don't think about it. Don't try to rationalize it or understand why it is. You know, if you feel it, just express it," he says. "I've been living in prison for 12 years or 13 years and I've been carrying myself in a particular way for that long and it's going to take some - hopefully not too long - it's going take some time to kind of ease up and let that guard down." Edney and Patricia are taking it slow, making sure Khadr feels part of their family. On his first day of freedom, Patricia took him shopping. Khadr couldn't believe the price of socks. The Apple Store overwhelmed and excited him. While trying to find toiletries and a Mother's Day card for Patricia he froze. "I freaked out for a moment," he admits. "I tried to buy something and I just freaked out because I don't know how to deal with money and the prices and everything just seems so expensive."
"I have memories but I don't know if they're mine" Did Omar Khadr, when he was 15, throw the grenade that fatally wounded U.S. Sgt. First Class Christopher Speer in Afghanistan? Forget for a moment the larger legal questions as to whether killing a soldier during a firefight is a war crime, or why Khadr is the only person to have been charged with this offence in modern history. Forget that he was only 15. To many, including Speer's widow Tabitha, who has launched a $134-million dollar lawsuit against Khadr in the U.S., the question of who threw the grenade remains important. In 2010, as part of a plea deal, Khadr told a Guantanamo jury he threw the grenade. When he returned to Canada, he recanted. His short answer now: "I don't know." We are sitting in the living room of the Edney's home in an affluent Edmonton suburb. The dogs, Jasper and Molly, are in the backyard so as to not interfere with the interview. Throughout the day, flowers are delivered, neighbours arrive with baked goods and there are supportive calls: strangers, a senator, lawyers and friends of the Edneys. Two police officers knock at the door: "Hello. I'm Jason, very nice to meet you. This is my partner Sarah. We just wanted to say welcome ... we do hope to work with ya and we wish you all the most success that you can possibly have and that I hope things go well." To call his introduction to the neighbourhood warm would be an understatement. Little surprise that Khadr would rather stay in the present, and reluctantly returns to the firefight on July 27, 2002. For years, Khadr believed he had killed Speer. Then accounts emerged that challenged the Pentagon's official version, evidence that there may have been two people alive inside the compound when the grenade that fatally wounded Speer was thrown, not just Khadr. Photos showed Khadr buried beneath rubble, which his attorneys say proves he could not have thrown the grenade. WARNING GRAPHIC MATERIAL: Tap image to reveal. Since Khadr signed a plea deal, the evidence was never challenged. Khadr says he only signed the deal because his lawyers advised it was his only way out of Guantanamo. "I have memories but I don't know if they're mine, if they are accurate or not," Khadr says. "I lost consciousness for over a week ... Is my memory more accurate than a soldier that was actually there?" Khadr was in the compound that day acting as a translator for three Arab men connected to the Taliban. The owner of the compound had warned them that the Americans were coming and Khadr says he was ordered to guard a door. "I was standing there and something just exploded beside me ... I got tossed, I don't know, two, three metres back, and I got up and that's when I lost my left eye and my right eye was pretty badly damaged." He says his vision and memories were foggy after that but he recalls the men dragging him to another location and giving him a grenade and a gun. As the U.S. Special Forces attacked the compound from the ground, Apache helicopters, A-10 Warthog fighter jets and F-18s pounded the site from the air. Khadr said it got quiet and he started hearing American voices. "They were screaming, shouting and stuff, I got scared. I was thinking 'What should I do?' I didn't know what to do, so I thought I'm just going to throw this grenade and maybe scare them away ... It was the only thing I had and I didn't know what to do so I lobbed the grenade behind me." The grenade exploded. More shooting. Khadr was hit in the back at least twice, holes the size of pop cans in his chest where the bullets exited. He was pulled from under the debris and dragged from the compound, treated by an American medic and taken to Bagram. "(As) I became conscious in the hospital, a soldier would come and scream at me and tell me that I killed an American soldier and they would tie me up to the bed ... they tried to make that as painful as possible." "For the longest time I thought that's what happened; whether it did or not, I don't know. I always hold to the hope that, you know, maybe my memories were not true." The Star tracked down and interviewed six of the U.S. Special Forces who were involved in the firefight and all confirmed that no one saw Khadr until after he was shot. "Could the other one have thrown the grenade that killed Chris Speer?" asks one of Speer's fellow soldiers, who agreed to appear on camera during a 2013 interview, but asked that his name not be used. "From my perspective, yeah, it could've been. Do I care? Not really because they're both combatants at this point, they're both willing to fight, and they're both willing to kill." But it matters to Khadr. "Of course it does, because on one side, I killed another person and on the other side, I didn't. So it does make a huge difference."
"I have a million other influences" Khadr may have a new home now with the Edneys, but he is still a Khadr, a name that can elicit a fierce reaction. Some blame his father, Ahmed Said Khadr, who was a humanitarian worker with alliances to Al Qaeda's elite, for sending his 15-year-old to fight his war. Shortly after Pakistani forces killed Khadr's father in 2003, comments by his sister Zaynab and mother Maha Elsamnah in a CBC documentary enraged Canadians. "You would like me to raise my child in Canada and by the time he's 12 or 13 he'll be on drugs or having some homosexual relation or this and that?" Elsamnah answered when asked about moving her Canadian children to Afghanistan. Khadr's bail conditions restrict his access to his family now - phone calls must be supervised and in-person visits approved by his bail officer. "They have said things that was not very smart - that they shouldn't have said. They're very opinionated," Khadr says of his family. "I think that they are good people. (But) they haven't been able to deal with the past and the present. They're really struggling. Some of my siblings have completely cut off their pasts and some of them are living in the past and not accepting the present." While comments made by his mother and sister may have influenced his case, or the Canadian government's reaction, Khadr says he doesn't blame them. He doesn't believe his father was Al Qaeda, despite his friendship with some of its members. And while the comments made by his mother and sister may have influenced his case, or the Canadian government's reaction, he says he doesn't blame them. Scenes from "Omar Khadr: Out of the Shadows" "I disagree with a lot of things that they said - and I know some of the things that they said might have affected me or affected the Canadians' perception of me - but you know, we live in a free country and people are entitled to say whatever they want. "I've been in Guantanamo for 10 years, and if there is any place where I was going to be brainwashed (it) was in Guantanamo," says Khadr. "I have a million other influences, so don't think people should worry about my family. If anybody is going to be affected, I think they might be affected by me and not the other way around. "I hope so, anyways."
.- In a visit to a community dedicated to serving the poor and needy, Pope Francis warned of the poverty of Europe which faces a declining birthrate, hidden forms of euthanasia, and high rates of unemployment.
“Today I speak of Europe. Europe is tired. We have to help rejuvenate it, to find its roots. It's true: it has disowned its roots. It's true. But we need to help it find them,” he said to the St. Egidio community in Rome's Santa Maria in Trastevere Basilica on June 15.
“The treatment of the elderly, as that of children, is an indicator showing the quality of a society. When the elderly are discarded, when the elderly are isolated and sometimes closed off without affection, it's a bad sign!” he exclaimed.
The St. Egidio community provides various forms of social outreach to the impoverished, homeless, refugees and immigrants, elderly, disabled, and young people. Their service also consists of inviting people to participate in a deeper life of prayer.
Several members of the St. Egidio community shared their testimony with the Holy Father, explaining how they had been in a difficult situation due to poverty or immigration or disability, when the community reached out to them to offer help and spiritual support.
Pope Francis affirmed their work, noting “How good it is, rather, that alliance I see between young people and the elderly in which everyone receives and gives.”
“The elderly and their prayers are a richness for St. Egidio. A people that does not safeguard its elderly, that does not take care of its young people, is a people without a future, a people without hope. Because the youth - the children, the young people - and the elderly carry history forward.”
He noted that although young people provide “biological strength” for society, the elderly “give them their memory.”
“When a society loses memory, it's over. It's finished. It's terrible to see a society, a people, a culture that has lost memory,” he lamented.
An economic world which holds “the idol of money” at its center rather than “man and woman,” risks becoming a “throw-away culture,” Pope Francis warned.
“Children are thrown away: no children. Just think of the growth rate of children in Europe: in Italy, Spain, France. The elderly are thrown away with these attitudes, behind which is a hidden euthanasia, a form of euthanasia: uselessness. That which isn't useful is thrown away.”
“And today the crisis is so great that young people are discarded: when we think of these 75 million young people of 25 years or younger, who are ‘neither-nor' - neither working, nor studying. Without. It happens today, in this tired Europe, eh?”
The Pope went on to criticize a “speculative economy” which makes the poor “more and more poor, depriving them of the essentials, such as home and work.”
He noted the importance of solidarity - a word which “many want to remove it from the dictionary, eh? Because to a certain culture seems to be a dirty word.”
“Oh no: it is a Christian word, solidarity!” he exclaimed.
Pope Francis then thanked the St. Egidio community for being a place of welcome and solidarity not just to local people, but also to immigrants who have arrived after “painful and risk filled travel.”
The Holy Father extended his thanks to all involved in the work of the community beyond Rome “in other countries of the world. I also encourage them to be friends of God, of the poor, and of peace: whoever lives like this will find blessing in life and will be a blessing for others.”
He stressed the importance of such outreach, particularly in “hectic and sometimes confusing city life.”
“It all starts with prayer. Prayer preserves the anonymous man of the city from the temptations which can also affect us: the attention-seeking in which everything revolves around oneself, indifference, victimhood.”
“Prayer is the first work of your community, and consists in listening to the Word of God - this bread, the bread that gives us the strength that is there, that keeps us going forward - but also in turning our eyes to him, as in this basilica,” the Pope explained.
The evening then concluded with a brief prayer service, including the reading of a Gospel passage and prayers of intercession.
The 2011 revision of the ISO standard for C (dubbed "C11") provides several ease-of-use features, most of which are compatible with C++11. In order to use the normal-looking names I'll show here, you need to include these headers: <stddef.h>, <stdlib.h>, <assert.h>, <complex.h>, <stdnoreturn.h>, <uchar.h>, <stdatomic.h>, and <stdalign.h>.
Alignment
C11 and C++11 both provide new syntax for specifying alignment. The expression alignof(type-name) designates the alignment of type-name; it is a constant expression, as is the familiar sizeof(type-name) . (There's one exception in C: Applying sizeof to a variable length array, or VLA, produces a non-constant expression.) The expression alignof(char) is, of course, always 1.
There is a similar syntax for declarations:
int alignas(double) b;
specifies that b is an int , but is aligned suitably for a double . Or for a more realistic example,
alignas(double) unsigned char buf[sizeof(double)];
specifies that buf is an array of unsigned char , whose size and alignment would be suitable to hold a double .
Alignment can be specified as an integer: alignas(constant-expression) specifies the constant-expression as an alignment. Thus, alignas(type-name) means the same thing as alignas(alignof(type-name)) .
For each target platform, there is some type that has the largest alignment requirement; that type can be named by the typedef max_align_t , so a declaration that specifies alignas(max_align_t) requests an alignment that will be suitable for any type on that platform. If a program requests an alignment that is greater than alignof(max_align_t) , the program is not portable because support for an over-aligned type is optional.
The C11 library provides aligned_alloc(size_t bound, size_t nbytes) , which allocates nbytes of storage aligned on a bound boundary. The most common use case heard by the committee was to request a buffer aligned on a cache boundary (typically 32k or 64k); however, you have to check your own compiler's manual because the implementation gets to determine the valid alignments.
Unicode Strings and Constants
The new u8 prefix for strings creates a string (an array of char ) that is encoded using the UTF-8 encoding. If your text editor and your compiler are using the ASCII representation (most are), then the string u8"John Doe" will contain the same characters as the ordinary string "John Doe" . The crucial difference comes when your program needs to represent international characters beyond the basic 7-bit ASCII (English) characters. If your text editor and compiler can handle the characters, then your program could contain a string like u8"α Ä Ǽ Ω" and pass that string to the various C library functions that handle ordinary strings (arrays of char ).
The UTF-8 encoding is increasingly popular; for example, it is the default encoding for XML. To the extent that you have a choice about character representations, it appears to me with the benefit of decades of hindsight, that UTF-8, using the u8 strings, is the simplest and best choice.
However, you may not have this simple choice, so C11 (and C++11) also provide several other Unicode representations. A string like u"αΩ" creates an array of char16_t values (encoded in UTF-16); similarly, a string like U"αΩ" creates an array of char32_t values (encoded in UTF-32). Also, there are character constants for char16_t and char32_t values, written as u'α' and U'α' . Unfortunately, if you need to use these more complex features, you may need to know about endian-ness, surrogate characters, differences between Windows and UNIX/Linux representations, and this overview article cannot provide enough details to address all those issues.
Type-Generic Macros
The C99 standard introduced type-generic macros into the standardized library. For example, you could invoke fabs(x) , where x is either float , double , or long double . What happened auto-magically was that invocation of the type-generic macro abs would cause invocation of one of three separate library functions fabsf(float) , fabs(double) , or fabsl(long double). However, in C99, you had no opportunity to use the same magic for your own purposes. Now, in C11, you can create a fabs(x) that will be portable to any other C11 compiler:
#define fabs(X) _Generic( (X), \ long double: fabsl, \ default: fabs, \ float: fabsf \ ) (X)
This method defines a macro named fabs , which will cause the invocation of several different library functions, using the new C11 syntax for the _Generic keyword. That fabs macro is an ordinary macro defined in the preprocessor. For example, fabs could be undefined (using #undef ). As you see, type-generic macros provide only a tiny portion of the full-blown overloading that is available in C++, but it's enough for purposes such as the type-generic math library.
Miscellaneous Ease-of-Use Features
It is now possible, in C11 and C++11, to inform the compiler that a function will not return. For example, exit is a function that does not return, so it can be declared like this:
noreturn void exit(int status);
Using noreturn in this way can assist the compiler's optimizer, possibly eliminating unnecessary warnings.
C11 and C++11also provide static_assert(constant-expr, string-literal) ; if the constant-expr is zero, then a diagnostic message containing the text of the string-literal will be printed. As the name implies, the static_assert is evaluated at compile time, so it can prevent compilation with incompatible options; for example
static_assert(sizeof(void*) == 4, "64-bit code generation not supported");
One common use of static_assert is to verify that resource configuration is adequate:
static_assert(NUMBER_OF_BUCKETS >= 16, "NUMBER_OF_BUCKETS must be at least 16");
The message produced by static_assert will contain, ind addition to the string-literal argument, the file name, line number, and function name (if any).
The C11 standard provides three macros that are helpful for C/C++ compatibility for programs that use complex floating-point values:
double complex CMPLX(double x, double y); float complex CMPLXF(float x, float y); long double complex CMPLXL(long double x, long double y);
Your C++ version of the program could create corresponding macro definitions (but the C++11 standard does not provide these):
#define CMPLX(x, y) std::complex>double<((double)x, (double)y) #define CMPLXF(x, y) std::complex>float<((float)x, (float)y) #define CMPLXL(x, y) std::complex>long double<((long double)x, (long double)y)
Finally, there's a committee decision that was inadvertently left out of the published standard: The pre-defined macros _ _STDC_VERSION_ _ and _ _STDC_LIB_EXT1_ _ are defined to be 201112L .
Several other corrections and improvements were made, which won't be itemized here.
According to a report from the BBC, a 20-year-old French hacker has defrauded over 17,000 people with his custom-developed trojan disguised as legitimate smartphone applications, earning him approximately half a million euros. When he was arrested in Amiens in northern France late last week, he reportedly admitted to the crimes, saying that he was not driven by greed but rather his ambitions to become a software developer.
The hacker had disguised his trojan as several popular mobile applications and provided them to download for free. When a user downloaded one of the malicious applications, it would send a text message to a premium-rate number without the user's knowledge. Some of the applications also harvested login credentials for gambling and gaming sites. Most of the applications were apparently created for Google's Android mobile operating system.
(fab)
I've been writing about Keith Ellison since he was endorsed by the DFL Fifth District convention to succeed Rep. Martin Sabo in the spring of 2006. I wrote some 20 Power Line posts under the heading “Who is Keith Ellison?” I summarized my findings in the Weekly Standard article “Louis Farrakhan's first congressman” and in the companion Power Line post “Keith Ellison for dummies.”
When Ellison published his 2014, memoir cum manifesto My Country, ‘Tis of Thee, I wrote about it in the Weekly Standard article “The Ellison elision” and the Star Tribune column “Keith Ellison remembers to forget.” I still had enough left over for the Power Line post “The Ellison elision: A sidebar.”
My work on Ellison has been driven by the oversights and misrepresentations and laziness of the political reporters at Minneapolis's Star Tribune. They have left the story of Ellison's back pages to others. They apparently lack the professional pride necessary to keep themselves from being scooped on a big story in their own back yard, despite the fact that much of it could be told from their own archives.
Ellison's run to chair the DNC has made him a national story all over again. I've told my friends at the Star Tribune it's not too late! They have another reason to dig in and tell the story. I took another whack at the story myself for the Weekly Standard in “The trouble with Keith Ellison.”
Now I have to take that back. The bimonthly left-wing magazine Mother Jones shows what the Star Tribune could have done any time in the past 10 years in the deeply reported investigative piece by Tim Murphy, “Keith Ellison Is Everything Republicans Thought Obama Was. Maybe He's Just What Democrats Need.”
Murphy's is an extraordinary piece of journalism. Although it is written from a radical perspective, it provides sufficient information for readers to make up their own minds about him. It shows what the Star Tribune could have done if they were driven by professional pride and if their reporters cared to detach themselves from their political passions. One more conditional observation. If anyone at the Star Tribune has professional pride, he is embarrassed by Murphy's piece.
Murphy covers the story of Ellison's participation as a University of Minnesota Law School student in the infamous speech given by the late anti-Semitic raver Kwame Ture (Stokely Carmichael) the law school's Room 22. He even digs up and posts the video below with Ellison's introduction of Ture. Ellison appears in the video introducing Ture under one of his Nation of Islam pseudonyms, Keith Hakim.
Poring over my Ellison file this year, I found an email message and notes of my interview with 1989-1990 University of Minnesota Daily opinion editor Michael Olenick. Olenick recalled his resistance to publishing Ellison's Daily opinion columns under the stupid pseudonym Keith Hakim. Ellison told him that he was in the process of legally changing his name to Hakim. He noted that it might just have been one of those things that Ellison forgot to get around to, like paying his taxes.
Murphy also tracked Olenick down. Murphy quotes Olenick:
Olenick told Mother Jones that in their conversations Ellison argued that blacks and other oppressed groups “could not be racist toward Jews” because “Jews were themselves oppressors.” “‘European white Jews are trying to oppress minorities all over the world,'” Olenick said Ellison would tell him. “Keith would go on all the time about ‘Jewish slave traders.'”
That's our man.
Ellison has staked his career on the assertion that his involvement with the Nation of Islam was limited to a period of 18 months around the time of the Million-Man March. Ellison claims ignorance of Farrakhan's and the Nation's anti-Semitism based on his limited involvement with the cult. Based on my own reporting, I find this claim to be demonstrably false. Given his false claim of ignorance despite his long involvement with the Nation of Islam, Ellison cannot talk about his involvement without lying about it. He therefore either lies or avoid talking to knowledgeable reporters.
Murphy covers Ellison from a supportive radical perspective, yet Ellison refused to talk to him. Ellison obviously refused to talk to Murphy because Murphy had the material with which to raise questions about Ellison's involvement with the Nation of Islam. Murphy notes parenthetically: “[Ellison] declined to be interviewed for this story, and his office did not respond to detailed questions from Mother Jones” (and there is more to this effect below as well).
That is a credit to Murphy. Murphy reports, for example:
Ellison has said that he was never a member of the Nation of Islam and that his working relationship with the organization's Twin Cities study group (the national organization's term for its chapters) lasted just 18 months. He has said that he was “an angry young black man” who thought he might have found an ally in the cause of economic and political empowerment, and that he overlooked Farrakhan's most incendiary statements because “when you're African American, there's literally no leader who is not beat up by the press.” In his book, Ellison outlines deep theological differences between the group and his mainstream Muslim faith. But his break from Farrakhan was not quite as clean as he portrayed it. Under the byline Keith X Ellison, months after the march that he described as an epiphany, he penned an op-ed in the Twin Cities black weekly Insight News, pushing back against charges of anti-Semitism directed at Farrakhan. In 1997, nearly two years later, he endorsed a statement again defending Farrakhan. When Ellison ran (unsuccessfully) for state representative in 1998, Insight News described him as affiliated with the Nation of Islam. Two organizers who worked with him at the time told me they believed Ellison had been a member of the Nation. At community meetings, he was even known to show up in a bow tie, accompanied by dark-suited members of the Fruit of Islam, the Nation's security wing. Minister James Muhammad, who in the 1990s led the Nation of Islam's Twin Cities study group, confirms that Ellison served for several years as the local group's chief of protocol, acting as a liaison between Muhammad and members of the community. He was a “trusted member of our inner circle,” says Muhammad, who is no longer active in the Nation of Islam. Ellison regularly attended meetings and sometimes spoke in Muhammad's stead, when the leader was absent. An Ellison spokesman declined to answer questions about the congressman's role in the study group and instead replied in an email, “Right wing and anti-Muslim extremists have been trying to smear Keith and distort his record for more than a decade. He's written extensively about his work on the Million-Man March, and has a long history of standing up against those who sow division and hatred.”
Murphy has more of interest on Ellison's treatment of the Nation of Islam:
Critics in the Twin Cities view the relationship in cold political terms—Farrakhan was a useful affiliation for Ellison up until he wasn't. “Keith was able to climb up some steps by talking about his respect and love for the honorable minister,” says Ron Edwards, a Minneapolis media fixture and a former director of the radio station where Ellison co-hosted his show. “People don't forget that.” Spike Moss, an organizer who worked with Ellison on the Million-Man March, called his reversal “the ultimate betrayal.” Farrakhan even recorded a Facebook video responding to Ellison this past December. “If you denounce me to achieve greatness,” he said, “wait until the enemy betrays you and then throws you back like a piece of used tissue paper to your people.” Menakem attributes the various identities that his book club buddy and radio co-host adopted over the years—Keith Hakim, Keith X Ellison, Keith Muhammad—to “him becoming conscious and him trying on different ways of being before he settled on who he is,” he says. “He's always remaking himself,” says Anthony Ellison, the congressman's younger brother. “The Keith Ellison from 20 years ago is not the Keith Ellison today.”
I seriously doubt that Ellison's DNC candidacy can succeed in the face of Murphy's friendly if honest reportage. That means we will be dealing with Ellison in Minnesota for some time to come. if so, Murphy's reportage should help us understand whom we are dealing with.
Articles like this one remind us how angry we're supposed to be at Caitlyn Jenner, the gold-medal winning decathlete formerly known as Bruce. Counting reality stars Kendall and Kylie among her children, Caitlyn has seemingly overnight become the world's most famous trans woman, even gracing the cover of Vanity Fair.
Liberals think that attacks on Caitlyn Jenner and the transgender community all come from a place of hate or religious superiority. Those things are by-products. I think we miss just how scared conservatives, and especially men, become when faced with a story like Caitlyn Jenner's. Whatever hate we see comes from genuine fear, but men aren't taught to be afraid of anything, right? We're asked to be strong and brave and earn our rewards (respect, money, women) through aggression, dominance, and even violence.
So here we are, facing a man who's chosen to give those things up to the point of becoming a woman, and what do we feel? We feel terror. We're afraid of someone who gives up the system that drives our lives. We're afraid of someone who takes off the mantle of what it is to be a man and puts on a new one. It challenges our very identities, especially if we glance at someone and think they're attractive before knowing they're transgender.
Every hard and fast rule on which we've been raised about “what it means to be a man” is thrown to the wayside. To us, this is not just a choice Caitlyn Jenner is making for herself. This is a choice she's making for all of us. It's a choice that says: the rules that define manhood are not as valuable as we think they are. Yet haven't we sacrificed time and effort, and pieces of ourselves – even pieces of our own identities – to adhere to those rules? We've been trained since birth to be tough, to be manly, to win every fight, and to not show emotional weakness.
When one person leaves that entire system and is celebrated, we panic. We get scared. We feel challenged. Since we're still struggling for validation within that system, we resent. We react the only way that we've been taught to reinforce the validity of our own manhood: aggressively, angrily, even violently.
The problem is not with Caitlyn Jenner. The problem is that men are raised inside a system that rewards us for all the things that she is not, for all the things that she has rejected. That shakes the system and we've put everything we have into that system, suffered its brutality and reaped its rewards. When men say that Caitlyn Jenner is an assault on their values, they are not exaggerating. They are, sadly, being very accurate. For men to accept Caitlyn Jenner's choices, we have to admit that the system those choices fly in the face of is not really how the world works. It's just something that we were sold very early.
See, manly things hold a social value in this system. If you beat someone up in grade school, you're celebrated. If you're good at football in high school, you're celebrated. If you sleep with beautiful women in college, you're celebrated. That's the way that system works and for those at the top, it works very well: you're celebrated. Even for those who have only achieved a modicum of success in the system, they don't want to give up the few things they've worked so hard to earn. No one wants to stop being celebrated, even a little bit. In fact, if it has cost you major concessions in your own life to earn those successes, then you're just that much more invested.
To turn around and see Caitlyn Jenner, and be told that how you've molded yourself your entire life services a view of manhood that holds no value…if you're 40, you've put 40 years into those values. If you're 60, you've put 60 years into those values. That's why changes like this wreck these people's worlds in such a profound way. We think conservatives are acting insane when they seek to dictate the lives and bodies of others. If only the truth were so simple. They're acting defensively. They're acting scared. When they fight tooth and nail, it's not because they hate liberal values, not directly. It's because they're defending their own investments in the values they thought were important.
Imagine putting your life savings into a stock, only to see it plummet and become worthless. You'd be terrified at what comes next, and that terror would make you livid with anger at whoever put you in that position. This is exactly what's happening, but it's not money being invested, it's the entirety of who people are. Imagine investing your entire identity into a worldview, only to see the system of values that validates all your sacrifices plummet and become worthless. Hate is not the initial reaction conservative men have to Caitlyn Jenner. Hate is a coping mechanism for their sheer terror. What comes next? They don't know.
What we're fighting against as progressives isn't their hate; it's their fear and a feeling that they've been betrayed. The stock they put all their savings into is worthless; the system they put all their lives into is worthless. What do you think they'll do in response? Give up that system and start over at 25, at 50, at 70 years old? Or do you think they'll fight tooth and nail to re-validate that system and keep everything that they've struggled to attain in their lives?
That's what we're fighting. We're not fighting hateful people, or even bad people. We're fighting something much more dangerous and much more difficult: addicts to a broken system. To take the metaphor to its fullest extent, the investments of emotion and belief they've made across their entire lives have gone belly-up, and now they want a hand out. They want their system of cultural values to be considered too big to fail.
To them, Caitlyn Jenner doesn't just represent an assault on their values, she is an assault on how they perceive reality and understand their place in the world. Why do they take her story so personally? Because to them, it is very personal.
It's important that we understand the shape of this fight isn't against some amorphous glob of evil. It's against real people who are genuinely scared. This doesn't legitimize their feelings, but I don't think the fight for broad civil rights always needs to be us vs. them. In fact, there's a reason I use nouns like “us” and “we” to describe both sides of the argument. As socially liberal as I am and as a lot of men are, there are still certain presumptions and seeds of ideas planted from youth in our heads that many of us need to get over, too. This is how we need to understand the conversation. There is an element that's often missing, of helping people to understand why they shouldn't be scared or how they fit into social circumstances they never thought they'd be facing.
Is it fair to ask the side that wants social change to become teachers of social values? No. Sometimes, we just want the fight. Sometimes, it feels much easier to just have the fight. Society raised me to always want the fight, so I could be celebrated, so I could be manly, so I could lord it over others. But sometimes, we need to understand that the people fighting us aren't terrible, they're just scared. Whether it's reasonable or not that they're scared is beside the point. That fright is genuine, and confrontation can make scared people even more steadfast in their convictions. That fright does offer an opportunity to talk and help them get over it.
Obviously, there are arenas where we still have to fight. I'm not saying that's not part of the answer, too. I just think that sometimes we're so geared for the confrontation, we forget to try avoiding it first. That's how we have the same confrontations over and over again, and that's how we legitimize in the minds of conservatives that it is us vs. them, that societal changes only serve our group or theirs.
Caitlyn Jenner's biggest contribution to this moment in time is in offering us the opportunity for conversation. The longer we keep it a conversation before it changes into an argument, the less scared we make the other side. Trust me – for all their bravado, conservatives are terrified. I'm not talking about the politicians who make money and gain status because of that fear; I'm talking about average conservative families.
We've all been scared before. You don't get this vocal and panicked at a little fright. You get this panicked when you're scared out of your wits. That's where they are, not worried that things are going to change, but rather knowing that they will and there's nothing they can do to stop it. That's an element of the conversation we need to start having – not only whether things should change or if they will change, but also how we all fit into a society that's already experiencing that change. Conservatives don't want to be a part of that society. We can't just argue with them why they're wrong anymore, trying our best to beat them. We need to start letting them know how a more equal society helps everyone, trying our best to incorporate and include them.
It doesn't sound easy. The fight sounds easier, but at some point, we've got to be like Caitlyn. We've got to step past what we've been taught to value and change the conversations we'll have going forward.
Why do you think conservatives are frightened of Caitlyn Jenner (and ultimately trans people and culture)? How do you think we can alleviate their fears?
Additional image: Vanity Fair
Comments
comments
In this short article I proudly present the Windows Phone 8 version of the Modern UI Radial Gauge. This control was designed by Arturo Toledo during a UI Design Review of these Windows 8 Store app. I made a custom control of it, that I recently ported to Windows Phone 8. That went a lot easier than expected: the implementation is almost identical to the WinRT version. Here's how it looks like. These are four instances of the same control, bound to the slider at the bottom:
There seems to be no Visual Studio template for a custom control, so I had to manually create the Themes folder, the generic.xaml file, and a class that inherits from Control:
I changed some of the default colors, assuming that phone apps prefer a black background to save the battery. For the rest, I only had to solve two minor issues:
* I had to make the (getter of the) Tick property public instead of protected, since the control's Style didn't find it.
* I had to create an overload of OnValueChanged without a DependencyPropertyChangedEventArgs parameter, since WP8 (and WPF) don't allow a null value here.
I guess that the resulting code can be used in most XAML platforms (well, at least WinRT, WP8 and WPF, I didn't try Silverlight). The only difference is in the namespaces, so a cross-platform Visual Studio solution could be an option in the near future. But I'm eager to already share the WP8 version of this elegant gauge.
This is the list of public (dependency) properties:
* Minimum: minimum value on the scale (double)
* Maximum: maximum value on the scale (double)
* Value: the value to represent (double)
* ValueStringFormat: StringFormat to apply to the displayed value (string)
* Unit: unit measure to display (string)
* NeedleBrush: color of the needle (Brush)
* TickBrush: color of the outer ticks (Brush)
* ScaleWidth: thickness of the scale in pixels – relative to the control's default size (double)
* ScaleBrush: background color of the scale (Brush)
* ScaleTickBrush: color of the ticks on the scale (Brush)
* TrailBrush: color of the trail following the needle (Brush)
* ValueBrush: color of the value text (Brush)
* UnitBrush: color of the unit measure text (Brush)
Here's an example from the attached sample project, showing you how to configure and instantiate a gauge in XAML:
<controls:Gauge Value="{Binding Value, ElementName=TheSlider}" Unit="Treats" Grid.Column="1" Margin="5 0 0 10" NeedleBrush="CadetBlue" TickBrush="Transparent" ScaleTickBrush="Transparent" TrailBrush="CadetBlue" UnitBrush="CadetBlue"> <controls:Gauge.ScaleBrush> <SolidColorBrush Color="CadetBlue" Opacity=".5" /> </controls:Gauge.ScaleBrush> </controls:Gauge>
Here's the source code. It was written in Visual Studio 2012: U2UC.WP8.RadialGaugeSample.zip (55.18 kb).
Enjoy!
Diederik
A crude oil tanker with oil from Kurdistan, heading toward the U.S. Gulf Coast, reversed its course after The U.S. State Department said that any buyer who purchases the oil could risk a legal suit from the Iraqi central government.
The statement of the U.S. State Department is likely to discourage potential buyers in the U.S. on purchasing the oil from Kurdistan.
According to ship-tracking data and market sources, the United Leadership oil tanker was loaded at the Turkish port of Ceyhan last week and was set course for the U.S. Gulf Coast.
The situation occurred due to the dispute between Iraqi Kurdistan and Baghdad over the sale of oil. Kurdish government last week decided to sale its own oil without interference from Baghdad. Officials of Baghdad were unhappy with the move.
The United Leadership oil tanker was carrying the first shipment of oil after the Kurdish government decided to sale the region's oil directly to buyers through the newly built pipeline into Turkey. AIS Live Ship Tracking showed that the United Leadership tanker reversed the course south of Portugal. Therefore, for the moment, the oil tanker appears to be heading nowhere.
The U.S. State Department said in its statement that it does not support any oil sales bypassing Baghdad. It also said that Iraqi central government might fill a legal suit against the buyers. However, the U.S. in the past has imported small quantities of oil from Kurdistan, though not from the newly built pipeline.
The Kurdish government in a response said that the shipment was going to Europe, not the U.S. A spokesman for the Kurdistan Alliance to the central government confirmed that Germany and Italy had brought one million barrels of oil from Kurdistan through an auction.
Right after the direct oil sell by Kurdish government, Iraq's central government announced that it filed an arbitration case against Turkey with the International Chamber of Commerce for allowing the export from taking place. Start of the direct oil sale by Kurdish government means much more noteworthy revenues for the region. The move might eventually see claims of a separate region.
Earlier, governments of Iraq and Kurdistan held numerous discussions over the oil sales but could not come to any agreement. The Kurdish Prime Minister, Nechirvan Barzani, said in a parliament speech recently that his government started the oil sale to show officials sitting in Bagdad that they have the capacity to do so.
Your Blue Chip singlet is hand-crafted from the best quality materials, and is guaranteed against any defects in materials and workmanship.
Under normal use it should look and feel great for many seasons to come.
However, improper handling or washing can damage your singlet. We put together the following guidelines to help you make the most of your singlet investment.
Wash Cold - In general, heat is the enemy of the performance lycra fabric used to construct your singlets. You should wash in cold or warm water, never hot
Use Mild Detergent - Use a mild (non-phosphorous) detergent. Harsh chemicals or phosphates can cause bleeding of colors.
Hang Dry - Avoid hot dryers, and remove the singlet as quickly as possible from the washing machine, allow it to drip or hang dry. Don't use metal hangers, they can leave rust marks - go for wooden or plastic.
Presoak It - If your singlet is especially dirty or has bloodstains, presoak it in a bucket or plastic container with a little bit of laundry detergent. Soaking anywhere from one hour to overnight will help loosen any stains before washing.
Lose the Funk - Let's face it - singlets get stinky. If you have a singlet that has got the funk, add up to a cup of baking soda to your pre-soak, it will go a long way to neutralize odors.
No Bleach - Never use chlorine bleach - it can damage the fabric and dull the vibrant colors sublimated into the fabric.
Wash Alone - Wrestlers compete alone, and their uniform should be washed that way. Other fabrics (especially those with velcro or other fasteners) can damage the lycra fabric or can transfer lint to the singlet.
No Ironing - Hopefully this goes without saying, but don't even think about ironing your singlet.
LONDON (Reuters) - Intelligence comes second only to smoking as a predictor of heart disease, scientists said on Wednesday, suggesting public health campaigns may need to be designed for people with lower IQs if they are to work.
A patient is reflected in the heart monitor she is hooked up to in the emergency room at Ben Taub General Hospital in Houston, Texas, July 27, 2009. REUTERS/Jessica Rinaldi
Research by Britain's Medical Research Council (MRC) found that lower intelligence quotient (IQ) scores were associated with higher rates of heart disease and death, and were more important indicators than any other risk factors except smoking.
Heart disease is the leading killer of men and women Europe, the United States and most industrialised countries.
According to the World Health Organisation, cardiovascular diseases and diabetes accounted for 32 percent of all deaths around the world in 2005.
It is well known that people with poorer education and lower incomes often face higher risks of ill health and a range of diseases. Studies have pointed to many likely reasons, including limited access to healthcare and other resources, poorer living conditions, chronic stress and higher rates of lifestyle risk factors like smoking.
The MRC study, which analysed data from 1,145 men and women aged around 55 and followed up for 20 years, rated the top five heart disease risk factors as cigarette smoking, IQ, low income, high blood pressure, and low physical activity.
The researchers, led by David Batty of the MRC and Social and Public Health Science Unit in Glasgow, Scotland, said there were “a number of plausible mechanisms” which might explain why lower IQ scores could raise the risk of heart disease — in particular a person's approach to “healthy behaviour.”
Those who ignored or failed to understand advice about the risks of smoking or benefits of good diet and exercise for heart health would be more likely to be at higher risk, they wrote in a study in the European Journal of Cardiovascular Prevention.
Batty said it was important to recognise the public health implications of the findings — that skills reflected in a person's IQ may be important for managing heart disease risk.
“From a public health perspective, there is the possibility that IQ can be increased, with some mixed results from trials of early learning and school readiness programmes,” he said.
Ioanna Tzoulaki, a lecturer in epidemiology from Imperial College London, agreed the public health impact was important.
“Public health campaigns should focus on early life factors that have been shown to influence IQ levels and tackle social inequalities,” she said in a comment on the study.
“At the same time, the public health messages for known risk factors such as diet may need to be simplified.”
Class and convenience
Designed by Les George, the Westin's long, lean lines make it a good-looking carry, while its does-it-all drop-point blade makes it convenient for most any cutting task.
Inspired by the character Michael Westin on the USA Network's Burn Notice, the Westin is a larger knife and features a 3.5-inch blade. And while that blade has a symmetrical profile, it has an asymmetrical blade grind. The top grind slims the blade, looks Michael Westin-chill, and emphasizes the point. It also makes a lot of blades very easy to carry. 8Cr13MoV steel ensures this blade takes and holds its edge. The stonewashed blade finish looks good and helps hide use scratches.
The Westin features SpeedSafe assisted opening for simple, smooth, one-handed opening. To enhance its streamlined look, the Westin doesn't have a thumb stud; just pull back on the flipper and it's ready to go to work. An oversized decorative pivot just adds to this EDC's sleek good looks.
The handle is contoured to fit the hand for a secure grip. A textured glass-filled nylon front handle scale enhances grip even more. The steel back, with stonewashed finish, features a secure frame lock to ensure safe blade lock up during use. The Westin's pocketclip is left/right reversible for convenient pocket carry, too.
Release Year: 2016
Here in America, there is one thing that ties each and every citizen together. Each and every one of us has tremendous respect for our troops. Unfortunately, for a significant amount of time, it was difficult for Americans to express this respect and bond together with it. Fortunately, it was discovered that the one and only true way to express respect for our troops was to stand during the national anthem. Anything less would be hatred towards America and borderline terrorism.
Americans are trained from a young age that whenever the national anthem plays, they are to stop and stand immediately. The alternative is to be a traitor who hates America and wants to join Isis. Schools would randomly play the anthem during the day, making sure each and every student stood and saluted. Even students taking a shit were made to stand, as a little bit of poop dripping down the leg is nothing compared to the tremendous sacrifice our troops make each and every day.
Recently, a group of researchers visited Saudi Arabia and played the American national anthem at an extremely high volume on a street plaza. They discovered that not only are the Saudi Arabians angered by the loud display of patriotism, but those who were sitting when the anthem began did not stand up out of respect for the anthem. The researchers escaped the scene and returned to America, where they reported this tremendous disrespect.
Americans do not like disrespect. Everyone in America is known for constantly respecting each other to the highest degree, never engaging in conflicts or disputes, as they are all bound together by their common identity. When disrespect does arise, however, it is treated justifiably with extreme violence and hatred. When researchers reported how Saudi Arabia had disrespected the greatest nation on Earth, people were outraged. They called for nuclear war, as disrespect of such a magnitude was punishable only by pure destruction.
We have yet to see what type of action the United States will take in light of these events, but one can only hope they will defend the art of respecting the troops by declaring all out war. As the clear “good guys,” they will clearly win the war and show the world that the national anthem is nothing to fuck around with.
Advertisements
The need for mutual respect and trust between Greece and Turkey was the key point Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras stressed after the conclusion of the Greek-Turkish High-Level Cooperation Council that was held in Athens.
Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu stated, “Our first meeting in Athens created surprising impressions. However, the aftermath of those joint ministerial meetings is exceptional and we will continue them. A climate of mutual understanding has been established that allow us to cooperate. We will continue the cooperation efforts. We discussed transport issues and saw that we complement each other. We are the gate to Asia and Greece the gate to Europe. We hope the Cyprus issue to be solved in order for our cooperation in the energy sector to increase.”
The two delegations discussed several issues, reviewed the work done in the past four years and signed 47 cooperation agreements between the two countries. Samaras said that there were disagreements on certain points but mutual respect and respect to international law will help overcome differences.
On the Cyprus issue, where the two sides disagreed, Samaras said Athens backed United Nations-mediated negotiations aimed at reunifying the island and a decision by Cyprus President Nicos Anastasiades to pull out of the talks, a move prompted by Turkey's violation of Cyprus's Exclusive Economic Zone.
However, Samaras stated that, “Greece will continue to support Turkey's European accession course. It is useful for our neighbor to be member of the European family, after fulfilling the requirements. Turkey must be certain that it will have huge benefits from its accession in the European Union.”
Samaras also referred to the Greek-Turkish business forum saying that Greek and Turkish entrepreneurs had the opportunity to enhance their cooperation by contributing in the binding of the two countries relations that will benefit the economy “Stability, trust and security boost the growth and prosperity in both countries. These are the ideas we promote, safeguard and work for,” the Greek PM concluded.
On his part, Davutoglu also referred to the Parthenon Marbles noting “We support Greece on its effort for the sculpture of God Ilissos to return to the Acropolis Museum.”
Davutoglu also expressed his wish for Cyprus President Nicos Anastasiades' rapid recovery in order for negotiations between the two communities to continue.
Finally, the Turkish PM thanked the Greek government for the support it offers to Turkey's European accession course and referred to the Thrace Muslim minorities saying that minority citizens are bridges that link the two countries.
New York (CNN) The Turkish government on Friday moved to seize assets belonging to a gold trader who, a day earlier, testified in US federal court that Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan helped Iran evade sanctions.
Reza Zarrab, an Iranian-Turkish gold trader currently testifying in a New York criminal trial, is now under investigation by the Terror and Organized Crime Bureau of the Istanbul Public Prosecutor's Office, according to Turkey's state-run Anadolu News Agency.
Friday, the Turkish law enforcement agency decided to confiscate property that belongs to Zarrab and his relatives, the news agency said. Zarrab is married to the Turkish pop-folk singer Ebru Gündeş. Zarrab is being investigated for risking the security of the Republic of Turkey and aiding a foreign state.
These accusations come immediately following Zarrab's explosive testimony in US federal court Thursday, when he claimed that Erdoğan played a role in helping Iran launder funds from oil and gas sales through Turkish banks. Zarrab has pleaded guilty to bank fraud and money laundering, admitted to running the international scheme, and is now testifying against a Turkish banker on trial.
Turkey's government has rebuked the US investigation, portraying it as a wild conspiracy against Turkish politicians. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said Friday that he hopes Zarrab will cease cooperating with US prosecutors.
"This court case has stopped being judicial and became completely political, with the sole aim to corner Turkey and its economy and damage the country," Yildirim said.
Money laundering claims
Halkbank denies the allegations and says it did no illegal transfers for any country.
The current trial centers on allegations that the deputy manager of Turkey's state-run Halkbank, Mehmet Hakan Atilla, committed bank fraud and money laundering by secretly moving billions of dollars of Iranian money internationally in violation of international sanctions.
For years, US and United Nations sanctions on Iran have kept that country from accessing billions of dollars stored in banks around the world. The tactic is meant to punish Iran for its attempts to develop nuclear weapons.
During his testimony this week, Zarrab has detailed how his network of shell companies relied on Turkish banks and officials to illegally move Iranian money.
Friday, Zarrab said his cash-for-gold scheme that allowed Iran to pay off international debts stopped working when stricter rules caused closer scrutiny in the gold trade. Zarrab testified that his criminal network instead started faking food shipments, hiding behind sanctions exemptions that allowed Iran to trade food.
Zarrab gave sworn testimony that his scheme had direct involvement with the Central Bank of Iran -- and that he personally met with the head of Iran's central bank, Mahmoud Bahmani.
Reza Zarrab arrives at an Istanbul police station in 2013.
"They didn't care whether the system used food or gold," Zarrab said. "The primary concern for Iranians was their international payments being made."
Zarrab said no food was ever shipped. He disguised the ruse by faking documents that logged non-existent trades among his own shell companies, which posed as a food supplier, a food distributor and a shipping firm in Turkey or Dubai.
Zarrab claimed that, at one point, he extended his cash-for-gold scheme to Chinese banks, conducting a test run by moving 1 million euros into the China Construction Bank Corporation -- one of that country's four largest financial institutions. However, he said, Chinese banks quickly caught on to the fact that he was trading with Iranians, and the Chinese banks promptly blocked him from doing so.
In court, American prosecutors played several recorded calls between Zarrab and his lieutenants in which they discuss their illegal operations in 2013.
More testimony to come
Turkish police started a probe into Zarrab's network in 2013. But that investigation fizzled out under political pressure, according to analysts who monitor Turkish politics. The US investigation is seen as a continuation of that effort outside of Turkey -- and the trial will include testimony from one of those Turkish police officers.
Zarrab is scheduled to continue his witness testimony against Atilla in New York federal court Monday. He has not yet been cross-examined by Atilla's attorneys, who are expected to question his credibility given that Zarrab claimed his innocence for more than a year until his surprise guilty plea was revealed this week.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A fifth of young adults think fish fingers are actually made from the fingers of fish, a new study reveals.
Alarming research released today highlights a lack of knowledge when it comes to identifying where the food we eat comes from.
A quarter (25 per cent) are ‘confused' about whether wasps make honey and nine per cent think potatoes grow on trees.
Meanwhile, one in seven (15 per cent) do not know that lamb comes from sheep or that a pork chop comes from a pig (15 per cent).
(Image: Getty)
The study, carried out by Rowse Honey, found over a third of those aged between 16 and 24 (35 per cent) are not aware that veal comes from cows.
It also indicates that young adults struggle to answer simple questions regarding the humble bumble bee.
One in six (15 per cent) think bees make syrup and one in eight (12 per cent) believe farmers have to ‘squeeze' bees to get honey out of them.
Stupid young adults 15% Don't know lamb is from sheep 15% Don't know pork chops from pigs 12% Think farmers squeeze bees to get honey
But this ignorance seems to be accepted by the nation.
It comes as almost one in five (18 per cent) of young adults aged say they simply don't need to know where food comes from.
Read more:
Two thirds of adults blame the nation's lack of food knowledge on sourcing the food from the shelves of supermarkets (64 per cent).
Meanwhile, a further six in ten (60 per cent) blame it on buying ready meals.
And it appears our naivety regarding food seems to be inherited from our parents, the study of 2,000 UK adults found.
More than a fifth of mothers and fathers (22 per cent) admit they have lied to their children about the origin of some food because they didn't know the answer.
This results in a quarter (26 per cent) becoming ‘embarrassed' due to their lack of understanding.
The study also suggests that we are unable to identify day-to-day animals which produce food we regularly eat.
(Image: Getty)
More than two thirds of us (67 per cent) can't place a honey bee and 40 per cent have no idea how honey is made.
Ian Ainsworth, Managing Director of Rowse Honey, said: “Our research shows that as a nation, we're very naive about where our food comes from.
“The humble honeybee is responsible for pollinating a third of the food that we find on our plates, yet more than two thirds (67 per cent) can't tell the difference between wasps, bees and honeybees.
“It's shocking that six per cent of Brits mistakenly think that honeybees are pests and a quarter (19 per cent) would actively try and kill them if they found them in their room.
“At Rowse Honey, we're passionate about honeybees; that's why in 2015, we set up the Bee a Beefarmer apprenticeship scheme to help halt the decline of UK honeybees, boost beehive numbers and help to future-proof bee farming in the UK.”
Voters in Colorado rejected an anti-abortion ballot measure on Tuesday that would have granted personhood rights to developing fetuses from the moment of fertilization.
The ballot measure, known as Amendment 67, would have amended the state's criminal code to include fetuses in the category of "human" and "child." Supporters of the measure said it would have more harshly prosecuted someone who caused a pregnant woman to lose her baby in a situation like a drunk driving accident.
Opponents warned that it also would have criminalized women who have abortions, without exception for rape or incest.
Colorado voters rejected the amendment by a vote of 63 percent to 37 percent -- the third time they have voted down a personhood measure in the past few years.
“For the third time, Colorado voters have said loud and clear: We don't want extremists interfering in our personal and private decisions, and we won't stand for attempts to ban abortion," said Jennifer Dalven, director of the American Civil Liberties Union Reproductive Freedom Project. "This isn't surprising: Voters in Mississippi, South Dakota, Florida and other states defeated attempts to curb access to safe, legal abortion. Time and time again, Americans have shown that they support a woman's right to make the best decision for herself and her family.”
Colorado voters on Tuesday did, however, elect to the Senate Republican Cory Gardner, who co-sponsored fetal personhood legislation in the House of Representatives.
North Dakota voters on Tuesday also rejected a personhood ballot measure by a margin of 64 percent to 36 percent. The measure would have amended the state constitution to say, "The inalienable right to life of every human being at any stage of development must be recognized and protected.'"
Supporters of the measure said it was not, in fact, a personhood bill and that it was only a statement of anti-abortion values. Opponents argued that the measure was so vaguely written, it could have been interpreted to ban all abortions without exception and even complicate the legality of some forms of birth control and in vitro fertilization.
Reproductive rights groups applauded the amendment's defeat.
"Today, North Dakotans saw through right-wing extremists' attempts to insert a highly controversial measure into the state's constitution that would have robbed North Dakota women of their inalienable rights to their own body and their own lives," said NARAL president Ilyse Hogue. "We stand with the women of North Dakota who have the right to make personal health care decisions without interference from politicians."
But it's true -- the Civil War was still a full two decades away and the Oregon Trail was experiencing the height of its dysentery-ridden rush hour when the fax machine was built by Scottish inventor Alexander Bain. He had just patented the first electric clock, and apart from being a pioneer of electricity, Bain enjoyed dabbling in communication technology: He contributed to telegraph lines on the railway between Edinburgh and Glasgow and invented an electric timing system for railway engines while he was at it.
It was the 19th century. Inventing things and typhus were the only pastimes.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The electrical telegraph was an extremely new technology, but Bain was a natural. He figured that if telegraph transmission was good enough for transmitting the sound of Morse code, it should be good enough for pictures.
"Finally, the world will know what my junk looks like."
And before anyone could explain to him that sounds and pictures were two completely different things, he had already converted parts of his electrical clocks into an image scanner and rigged it to the telegraph system. Did it work? Did it ever! What's more, it looked like this:
Forgotten Futures
Damn, this guy was into steampunk way before it was cool.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Various inventors tinkered with the design, and by 1899, newspaper offices were actually using them. Sure, it'd take 20 to 30 minutes to send a single photograph, but that's a hell of a lot faster than having a dude deliver that shit by horse.
Unfortunately, if we set aside a day for every tragedy in Jewish history, the calendar would be full. But the scope, circumstances and impact of the Holocaust are so immense that a special day of remembrance was deemed appropriate. I never discussed the day itself with my parents—both survivors, both in Heaven now—but I suspect they would have agreed. My mother, z”tl, warned against getting comfortable with the memory.
As a child of survivors, and as a student of history, I have sought to understand as much as I can about what occurred during those tragic years. It's not a morbid fascination; it's a thirst for knowledge that might somehow be useful in dealing with today's issues that endanger the Jewish people… and help prevent future tragedies. No one can deny that a generation has not passed where many people—not just an isolated madman—have expressed their eagerness to finish what Hitler started. Did my mother have these fears as a child in pre-war Czechoslovakia? I doubt it. Her memories of life before Germany invaded were happy ones; the Jewish community got along fine with their Czech neighbors, she recalled. Then the Nazis came and the town's Jews were rounded up. My mother's most vivid memory of that day was how the non-Jewish neighbors came out to watch. And no one said a word.
“Do you know about anti-Semitism?” I asked my 14-year-old granddaughter. She was sitting with me as I prepared to speak on the subject over the holidays. “Yes,” she said. “We saw a video about it.” The video presented other young teens being asked about their perceptions of Jews. “They're all rich,” said one. “They have all the power,” said another. Nearly a century later and nothing has changed. Except for one thing: Now, there is a State of Israel. So the chants of “Jews, go back to Palestine,” have ended, and the existence of a Jewish State has joined the list of “reasons” to call for Jewish extermination.
I repeat: it's not morbid fascination. It's a matter of paying attention. A single day does not pass without an incident or a threat. If you follow international headlines, this is not news to you. There are a half million Jews in France who no longer feel safe looking like Jews. In France. While in the Middle East there are Muslim leaders who have openly stated their desire to see all Jews return to Israel as soon as possible, so they can kill them all at once.
You would think that Muslim leaders in the Middle East would be most concerned with their people's quality of life, but killing Jews is a higher priority. Despite all my years of reading, I never understood how the Germans could concentrate their efforts on anything but saving their own soldiers once the Allied invasion proved that their march to world domination had come to an end. But killing Jews was such a high priority to the Nazis that they studied its efficacy like a science. In The Holocaust , a new 500-page study by Laurence Rees, we learn how the Nazis were able to reduce the cost of murdering Jews to about two German pfennings a person. Less than one U.S. cent. Another new historical study by Peter Hayes entitled Why demonstrates how the Nazi regime used just two trains per day from 1942-44 to move three million people to the death camps. In 1944, as the Allies closed in, three trains per day deported 440,000 Hungarian Jews in eight weeks. Priorities.
My mother recalled standing on Mengele's infamous life-or-death line. Trains had arrived from everywhere. Elderly men, pregnant women, children, the sick, the hungry… Her three-year-old nephew stood with the family and asked his mother, “M'geit ins hargenen?” Are they going to kill us? One sister whispered to my mother, “M'ken nisht lozen Mommy alein.” We can't let Mommy go alone. So she went to the gas chamber with her mother.
Why recall all this? Because we must. Because remembering our loved ones, these six million innocent souls, brings a sense of them back to life. That's the least we can do.
But more, we remember for us. We remember because we live in a volatile world and it's critical to be honest about anti-Semitism, to call it out and to stand up to it. Even when things simmer down and look fine, it can grow dark very quickly.
And if you don't believe me, just ask my mother.
{Ma
If UFC could bottle what they had on Saturday night, the television ratings, depth of stars, and anticipation for future shows would all take a major turn upwards.
The UFC Norfolk event from the Ted Constant Convocation Center had great fights, a raucous crowd, memorable finishes, and once it was over, the card had built anticipation for a slew of potential future matches. It clicked on just about every button that you want from a Fight Night style show.
It was a show that looked strong on paper. There were more fighters recognizable to the casual fan than the usual Fight Night, where prelims often feature fighters that only the most ardent fans would know.
The UFC Norfolk prelims alone felt like a normal main card. The main card was a free show that, if a good title match had been added, could have easily been sold as a pay-per-view main card.
Of course, the one thing about MMA is that it is unpredictable. Often shows that don't look interesting deliver great action, while shows filled with names can often disappoint. But when you put action fighters like Marlon Morales, Joe Lauzon, Clay Guida, Matt Brown, Diego Sanchez, Anthony Pettis and Dustin Poirier all on the same show, your odds of success look strong going in, and ultimately UFC Norfolk delivered.
Poirier's third-round win over former lightweight champion Pettis was not only the biggest win of Poirier's career, but a star-making overall performance. In a back-and-forth fight, with a lot of blood spilled, the only negative to say about a fight that was headed to Fight of the Year levels until Pettis tapped out of nowhere — evidently due to the belief he had broken a rib — was that it ended anticlimactically.
Poirier's declaration that it wasn't a broken rib, but that Pettis was mentally broken, wasn't the most respectful thing to say about a former champion who gave him a great fight. The rest of Poirier's mic time was spent demanding to UFC matchmaker Sean Shelby that Poirier fight the winner of the Dec. 2 bout between Eddie Alvarez and Justin Gaethje. His direct challenge was a direction all ranked fighters after a big win should be ready to do on television.
In the UFC, the squeaky wheel gets the grease. Poirier was reasonable, in the sense that the winner of Alvarez vs. Gaethje is a fight that Porier could ask for after beating Pettis. Obviously, the end game for any fighter in the lightweight division is to fight Conor McGregor, as long as McGregor is the money machine. But Poirier was not going to get that fight right now, and taking on the winner of Alvarez vs. Gaethje is probably his quickest direction to get there.
A win in that fight would put Poirier maybe one or two fights from McGregor, or whoever the champion is by next summer or fall. In addition, based on the way the styles match up, either Alvarez or Gaethje make it a high percentage that it'll be a crowd pleasing fight. With Alvarez, there is also a story involved, given Alvarez fought Poirier on May 13, and the exciting fight was stopped prematurely after Alvarez landed an illegal knee. That bout was ruled a no contest when Poirier probably should have won via disqualification.
The lack of respect shown to Pettis was a stark contrast to the No. 2 bout, where Matt Brown, who may or may not have fought his last fight, said after his win that there was nobody in the sport he admired more than his opponent, Diego Sanchez. He called Sanchez the sport's truest warrior.
Raphael Assuncao, after his win, campaigned for a bantamweight title fight against T.J. Dillashaw. Marlon Moraes, who won earlier, made an impassioned plea for a shot at Jimmie Rivera — a fight that, if it does happen, could net the winner a bantamweight title shot.
And then there was Clay Guida, who after scoring his first TKO win in more than nine years, campaigned, at 35 years old, for a new UFC contract. Guida was so effective that he turned back the time machine back about six years ago, when he may have been the most popular fighter in the company who never really came close being a top-tier contender. Between the win and making his contract situation public, he greatly upped his standing at a time he was at a career crossroads.
In many ways, the fighters handed the matchmakers ideas for fights that the public already is interested in. And it also makes it easy to look at how Fortunes Changed for Five.
DUSTIN POIRIER — Poirier (22-5, 1 no contest) was the star of the show. One could argue he's the poster boy for not trying to get as small as humanly possible to fit into the lightest weight class. He's looked far healthier, stronger, and has been more effective fighting at lightweight than at featherweight. Still, featherweight must have its temptations right now, since he has a first-round submission win over current featherweight champion Max Holloway.
Poirier went 9-4 in the smaller division, but has gone 6-1 with 1 no contest since moving up. While Holloway may look like Poirier's biggest win, Holloway was not a known fighter at the time, making Pettis clearly his biggest career win.
Poirier made it clear he wanted the winner of the fight between Alvarez (28-5), a former champion, and Gaethje (18-0), who dominated the lightweight division for years in the World Series of Fighting.
If you look at the lightweight division, McGregor vs. Tony Ferguson looks like the next title fight, with the winner of the Dec. 30 bout between Khabib Nurmagomedov and Edson Barboza as the likely next contender. If the direction is Poirier vs. Alvarez/Gaethje winner, that person should be the next person in line after that.
MATT BROWN — Brown (23-16) is similar to Guida in the sense the quality of his fights have made him as popular as anyone with, what on paper, is hardly a championship level win/loss record.
Before his fight with Diego Sanchez, Brown was talking like it would be his last fight. He's 36 years old and had lost five out of his previous six fights. But he got a big knockout win over Sanchez with one of the nastiest elbows ever delivered in UFC competition, and was able to share the Octagon in celebration with his two sons. Few fighters get that kind of fitting end to their careers, usually because a performance like that is intoxicating and makes you want to do it again.
If Brown is looking at fighting again, a good opponent would be the winner of the Dec. 30 fight between Neil Magny (19-6) and Carlos Condit (30-10).
RAPHAEL ASSUNCAO — Assuncao (26-5) aimed big after handing Matthew Lopez (10-2) his first career loss by knockout. He campaigned hard for a title fight with T.J. Dillashaw (15-3), noting their past history. Assuncao defeated the current champion in 2013 via close decision, then Dillashaw won the 2016 rematch by clearly taking all three rounds.
Assuncao is unlikely to get Dillashaw this early. More likely next opponents would be John Lineker (30-8), Cody Garbandt (11-1), or Jimmy Rivera (21-1).
MARLON MORAES — Moraes (19-5-1) said he wanted Rivera, who has no opponent for Dec. 30 due to Dominick Cruz suffering a broken arm. It's a quick turnaround, but Moraes made his intentions clear.
If Moraes is willing to take the fight this close, he should get the shot at it.
TATIANA SUAREZ — Suarez (5-0) dominated Viviane Perreira (13-1) in a one-sided decision.
Suarez's career seems to be the story of having all of the skill and none of the luck. After winning bronze medals twice in the world championships, the combination of a neck injury and a battle with thyroid cancer ended her 2012 Olympic dreams.
She moved to MMA, won The Ultimate Fighter in the spring/summer of the 2016 season, but a torn labrum kept her from following up on her early success. Suarez showed against Perriera that she's a master on the ground and at scoring takedowns, but she needs more ring experience and stand-up work at this point. But she's got elements of being a star, including the backstory. A good next opponent for Suarez right now would be Alexa Grasso (10-1).
One of the biggest challenges when planning an Indian wedding is simply finding the time to put it all together. Want to know just how you can save time, and find more time, so you can plan your Indian dream wedding with ease? Check out these tips and tricks below and get moving on planning the wedding of your dreams.
Give It a Good Feeling
Ask the elders in your family to help you plan the ceremonial or traditional parts of the wedding. This can be a great way to give someone something special to remember about your wedding. It'll save you tons of time, especially if they meet with your priest / officiant instead of you. Regroup with the elder before your big day so you and your fiancé have the high-level ceremony steps down (especially if you're having a Hindu wedding). It can get confusing if you don't know what to expect.
Related Post: Why Traditions Matter for Today's Generation
Serve Good Food
Indian families pride themselves on our food, so don't be afraid to ask your favorite Aunty (or two or three) to whip up some samosas (and anything else) for your at-home events. You can use a caterer, but don't forget the family finger foods and the traditional (or modern) eats. Having your at-home events catered by the women in your family can be a time saver too! Just make sure the menu items are assigned in advance so you avoid duplicates.
Related Post: How to create the perfect menu for planning an Indian wedding.
Consider DIY Invites
Planning your Indian wedding invites with a professional printer (or an online vendor from India) can take a lot of time out of your wedding planning schedule. Quite often those gorgeous invites end up in the garbage, even though we're spending over $1 on postage for some of them! Consider doing your own with a printable invitation suite, will help you save a lot of time, and a good bit of money if you find affordable templates or create your own. Sites like Canva help you create professional invitations (and other wedding stationery). Make your own professional monogram to go along with all of your wedding stationery.
Delegate (or Hire A Day Of Planner)
Don't kill your budget on a wedding planner, but instead, delegate and have a trusted friend or family member serve as your day-of-coordinator so you can enjoy your day. Or, hire a day-of-coordinator. You don't want to be fussing over every last detail and stressing over dumb stuff that won't matter in the end. It's your wedding day. Even if you end up with a day-of-coordinator, get someone to be the point of contact and keep all the plans in check, so you can have FUN!
Read Killer Material
Forget pricey magazines and TV shows. Why? Because they sometimes show you unrealistic weddings. Magazines are photoshopped and television shows are edited. They give brides a false sense of reality that'll cause you to downward spiral if things don't look or go right. Instead, check out photos from real weddings to get inspiration and to get excited about your big day (or weekend), especially if you're planning a fusion wedding. Check out our Resources Toolbox section for the sites. Or another alternative is listening to a podcast – my current favorite is the Bridechilla podcast (listen on your way to work!)
So if you're struggling to find time with planning an Indian wedding, look at less revealing places and places where you can take an alternative route.
To find even more time you didn't know you had, check out these tips.
If you liked this post, please feel free to share it from below.
Get my free guide: 50+ Tips & Tricks (you don't already know!) HERE.
Join our Free Facebook Group to start the conversation with fellow brides planning Indian/South Asian or Fusion weddings!
Details on the second 50th anniversary short story have been revealed. Michael Scott, author of the ‘The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel' series will tackle the Second Doctor, Patrick Troughton.
The book entitled ‘The Nameless City' is the second in a series of eleven ebook short stories each based on one of the Eleven Doctors.
Story details:
When Jamie McCrimmon brings the Second Doctor a mysterious book, little does he realise the danger contained within its pages. The book transports the TARDIS to a terrifying glass city on a distant world, where the Archons are intent on getting revenge on the Time Lord for an ancient grudge.
Click here to read an extract.
The digital version is priced £1.99 and released on 23rd February. A paperback anthology of all eleven stories, the Doctor Who is a Anniversary Anthology will be released on 23rd November 2013 priced at £7.99.
Other incoming BBC books (All released 11th April 2013, priced £6.99 each):
Shroud of Sorrow by Tommy Donbavand
23rd November, 1963. It is the day after John F. Kennedy's assassination – and the faces of the dead are everywhere. PC Reg Cranfield sees his late father in the mists along Totter's Lane. Reporter Mae Callon sees her grandmother in a coffee stain on her desk. FBI Special Agent Warren Skeet finds his long-dead partner staring back at him from raindrops on a window pane. Then the faces begin to talk, and scream… and push through into our world. As the alien Shroud begins to feast on the grief of a world in mourning, can the Doctor dig deep enough into his own sorrow to save mankind?
The Dalek Generation by Nicholas Briggs
Sunlight 349 is one of countless Dalek Foundation worlds, planets created to house billions suffering from economic hardship. The Doctor arrives at Sunlight 349, suspicious of any world where the Daleks are apparently a force for good – and determined to find out the truth. The Doctor knows they have a far more sinister plan – but how can he convince those who have lived under the benevolence of the Daleks for a generation? But convince them he must, and soon. For on another Foundation planet, archaeologists have unearthed the most dangerous technology in the universe…
Plague of the Cybermen by Justin Richards
About
What is Observatory Press?
‘The next cool thing in indie publishing'
– The Hackney Post, ‘Hackney's sexiest new startups'
Observatory Press is a brand new independent press based in Hackney. We currently specialise in science fiction, illustration and curating lost classics. We believe in creating collectable, beautiful, physical books and supporting new writing and illustrating talent. ‘We' are Nicholas Herrmann and Ella Chappell. We met while studying at the University of East Anglia.
Nick writes comics and science fiction. His graphic short story, ‘Matters of Consequence', about the life and works of Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, was published by Elbow Room in 2014. Nick is passionate about futurology in science fiction, and delivered a paper about J. G. Ballard and Isaac Asimov's visions of the future at the University of East Anglia's recent ‘The Science “New Wave” at Fifty' conference.
Ella is a poet, with a particular interest in science, post-internet and collaborative poetry. Along with a filmmaker and choreographer, she won the Southbank Centre Poetryfilm Competition in 2014, and she is currently exhibiting a spoken word piece at 'Conditional Expressions' hosted by STCFTHOTS gallery in Leeds.
What are the books?
To launch the press we are publishing three books that are now in the public domain, curating them with contemporary writing and illustration:
After London
After London is a speculative fiction novel by naturalist Richard Jefferies that hypothesises what would happen if a catastrophe were to decimate London. The result is a deeply sincere, heart-warming and heroic tale of medieval knights in the future. The original novel by Richard Jefferies is accompanied by a poetry afterword by Matt Merritt and enclosed in a beautiful cover illustration by George Chislett (who also designed our logo).
The Clock That Went Backward
The Clock That Went Backward is a collection of short science fiction stories by Edward Page Mitchell. Mitchell was a journalist who also wrote quirky, idiosyncratic and whimsical short stories which explore all manner of SF tropes. The original short stories are accompanied by an afterword of poetry by Harry Man and cover illustration by Natalie Kay-Thatcher.
The Star Rover
Jack London is one of the better-known names of the trilogy. We chose to print his work, The Star Rover, because it is irresistible in its portrayal of the depth and resilience of the human spirit, seen through the lens of a man on death row who travels in time and experiences many different existences. Many of the scenes in The Star Rover are re-tellings of real historical events, given the vivid and intoxicating Jack London treatment. The original novel is curated with an essay afterword by Benjamin Breen and a captivating cover illustration by Katherine Hearst.
How will they be nice objects? Seems like I could get these books for free on the internet...
We're working with East London's acclaimed Ditto Press to create incredible print objects that you'll want to collect and keep forever. We're using risograph printing instead of digital printing to give the ink warmth and character on the paper, and each book will be a slightly larger format to what you're used to. Think about a record – you lie on your bed, listening to the music as you get lost inside the album art, and then afterwards you prop it on your shelf to admire. That's what we want to do with our books.
There's a whole bunch of amazing, inspiring and groundbreaking books buried in the public domain, and the websites that you're supposed to consume them on don't exactly make the experience enjoyable. We've painstakingly typeset each book and given them new layouts to revive them and make them awesome again.
£9,500 seems like a lot...
Well, we are launching a small publishing house! And we've thought this figure through very carefully – Observatory Press' mission is to create beautiful objects, and to do that we need to use a slightly larger paper size, slightly nicer paper and a slightly rarer print process. We also wanted to launch the press with three titles instead of one, so you guys would have more books to read, and we didn't want to print less than 250 of each, so that we'd be able to stock a few in our favourite book shops around London.
This set of three books aims not only to present some of the best of what has come before in our favourite genre – science fiction – but also to showcase the kind of artistic talent that we hope to nurture. We believe in always supporting our artists – we've paid all of the contributors straight from our own pockets. And we have dedicated a year of our spare time reading, discussing and planning to make sure everything is perfect for this Kickstarter. This means your money will be used for a cause that we are truly dedicated to.
I'm still on the fence... what else can you offer me?
Take a look at the rewards! We've got lots of other little bonuses, including your name in the credits, an out-of-this-world launch party, and limited edition collectable prints with an original story and illustrations.
And hey, if nothing tickles your fancy, but you still want to support a new independent press, you can do that too: just press the ‘Back This Project' button and select ‘No reward'. Every little helps!
What's next for Observatory Press, after you launch?
We have lots of plans for Observatory Press. We'd definitely love to release a second series of lost classics (we even have a few titles up our sleeve...), but we'd also really like to publish completely new work in the realms of science, futurology, poetry and SF. But before we get carried away with these crazy schemes, we need to successfully launch the press! That's where you come in.
A bit about our contributors:
Benjamin Breen is a writer, and is editor-in-chief and co-founder of The Appendix – a quarterly journal of experimental and narrative history.
George Chislett is a freelance illustrator based in Bristol, part of the Drawn in Bristol collective.
Katherine Hearst is studying an MA in illustration at the RCA, and is a founder of Modern Times – a social commentary, graphic journalism magazine.
Natalie Kay-Thatcher is an illustrator, educator and founder of Jiggling Atoms, an interdisciplinary science and illustration project based on the collaboration between artists and research physicists.
Harry Man is a poet, whose first pamphlet of poems, Lift, was published by Tall Lighthouse in 2013. Lift has been shortlisted for the ‘Best Pamphlet' in the 2014 Saboteur Awards.
Matt Merritt is a poet with three collections, including The Elephant Tests, published by Nine Arches Press. He also edits Bird Watching magazine.
Stuart Ruel is an illustrator working in London. His illustration for Brave New World was shortlisted by the Folio Society (Top 25) in 2013.
Company wants to build huge solar array in Nevada desert
SolarReserve
A California company says it intends to spend billions of dollars to build the largest solar power plant in the world on a sprawling 25-square-mile plot in the sun-baked Nevada desert about 225 miles northwest of Las Vegas.
SolarReserve chief executive Kevin Smith outlined a plan Tuesday to create a 10-tower concentrated solar array dubbed Sandstone Energy X near the Nye County city of Tonopah.
Smith, with U.S. Sen. Dean Heller, R-Nev., and Deputy federal Energy Secretary Elizabeth Sherwood-Randall, said the goal is to produce enough electricity to power about a million homes, probably in California.
SolarReserve already operates a single-tower project on 1,600 acres of federal land outside Tonopah called the Crescent Dunes Solar Energy Plant.
It can produce up to 110 megawatts of electricity by focusing a 1-mile circle of mirrors on a 640-foot central tower to heat molten salt to more than 1,000 degrees Fahrenheit. The superheated salt is used to boil water to drive power turbines.
The new project could cost $5 billion and would be larger by far than any existing solar facility in the world, Smith told the Las Vegas Review-Journal (http://bit.ly/2efsczx ). It would produce between 1,500 and 2,000 megawatts of electricity, comparable to a nuclear power plant or Hoover Dam.
It would resemble the Ivanpah Solar Electric Generating System, a three-tower concentrated solar thermal plant that has been operating for more than two years in the Mojave Desert about 40 miles southwest of Las Vegas. That project, owned by NRG Energy, BrightSource Energy and Google, is visible to motorists on Interstate 15 just south of the Nevada-California state line.
SolarReserve officials said the Crescent Dunes and Sandstone projects differ from Ivanpah because they are designed to store heat without backup fuels or batteries to deliver electricity even in darkness, with zero emissions, little water use and no hazardous waste.
A 16,000-acre Sandstone site on federal land in Nye County could be announced next year, Smith said, with construction to begin by 2020. SolarReserve will need to build transmission lines to carry the electricity to market.
Smith told the Review-Journal the company, based in Santa Monica, California, will explore federal loan programs and private financing to pay for the new project.
Crescent Dunes cost about $1 billion, and was backed by $737 million in federal loan guarantees. Nevada's dominant utility, NV Energy, agreed to buy that plant's entire output at 13.5 cents per kilowatt hour for the next 25 years — roughly twice the cost of power from a natural gas-fueled plant.
Smith said no power purchase agreements have been struck yet for the Sandstone project.
Sfiha (Arabic: صفيحة‎ sfīḥah), is a pie-like dish originating from the Levant. It was introduced in Brazil and Argentina by Levantine immigrants, where it is known as esfiha or esfirra.[1][2]
In contrast to the modern use of lamb or beef, traditional sfiha are open-faced meat pies made with ground mutton. Historically, sfiha were much like dolma—simply ground lamb, lightly spiced, wrapped in brined grape leaves.
In Brazil, sfihas are street popular food because they are cheap and fast. Sfihas are oven baked and come in two shapes: folded into a triangular pastry like fatayer, and open-faced (4 inches round flat bread); with various toppings, including cheese, curd, lamb, beef or vegetables.[3]
Main Ingredients [ edit ]
Every family has their own preference on what to add in addition to the meat. In Lebanon, the main ingredients are: meat, onions, tomatoes, pine nuts, salt, pepper (variations like pomegranate molasses or chili are added depending on the taste).
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
It's safe to guess that Joe and Karen LaBate are hoping their son's first NHL goal doesn't bring the swing of emotions that the night of his inaugural pro marker did.
Joseph LaBate, 23, has been one of the pleasant surprises of the Vancouver Canucks pre-season, with plenty of suggestions that the winger merits a roster spot despite not being on the radar going into this summer. He's a 2011 fourth rounder with the wheels and the frame (6-foot-4, 190 pounds) to be a factor on the forecheck.
He signed with Vancouver in April 2015 after finishing his fourth season at the University of Wisconsin and playing a couple of games with the Canucks' AHL Utica Comets farm team on a professional tryout. He was assigned to Utica last season. He scored his first of 10 goals on the campaign on Nov. 25, tallying late in the third period in a 7-1 win over the Lehigh Valley Phantoms.
He had left that contest earlier, though, needing to get stitches after a second-period fight with 6-foot-7, 227-pound Lehigh Valley defenceman Samuel Morin. It was a messy, frightening visual, and the story afterwards went viral. CBSSports.com picked it up, and referred to LaBate's bloody visor looking like a “crime scene.”
Joe and Karen were checking in on the game on-line that night from the family's home in Eagan, Minn., a suburb of Minneapolis-St. Paul. Joseph is their youngest of four children.
“As a parent, those are obviously stressful moments to watch,” Joe said over the phone Monday afternoon, as Joseph was in Vancouver preparing for the Canucks pre-season match-up that night against the Arizona Coyotes at Rogers Arena. “It's a tough sport. Players run into all sorts of tough circumstances. Players can get injured in various ways.
“When he got into the fight, we didn't know how badly he was hurt. We found out soon enough exactly what had happened. And, when he came back and scored that goal, it was pretty rewarding.
“Photographs (of the fight and the aftermath) still come up. None of us like looking at them. The fights are not fun to watch. You can ask his mother — it's far from her favourite part of the game.”
LaBate says now that he wasn't aware initially that he was even cut during the fight with Morin. It was likely from his visor when the pair crashed to the ice. LaBate says he needed 15 stitches afterwards.
“There was so much adrenalin,” he recalled of the evening. “One of the little stick boys came over and he was like, ‘Holy smokes, that guy was huge,' and then ‘You're bleeding so much.'
“I didn't really realize it until I got into the trainer's room. It was just a cut. I was fine.”
LaBate has drawn rave reviews from Canucks coach Willie Desjardins, prompting the Canucks coach to give him another shot on Monday.
“It means that whatever I'm doing and the game that I'm bringing is making an impact,” said LaBate, who also had 10 assists and 79 penalty minutes in his 66 regular season outings with Utica last season. “I'm just trying to help the team the best I can.”
And his parents? They remain cautiously optimistic right now.
“We are just thrilled that he's working as hard as he is,” Joe said. “It's not a surprise. He's put in many, many years of commitment and sacrifice, like so many of these players have.”
Online raffle
The Vancouver Canucks and the B.C. Lottery Corporation announced Monday a new online Canucks for Kids Fund 50/50 raffle for both home and away games.
It's separate from the 50/50 raffle that takes place inside Rogers Arena during Canucks home games.
The new raffle is available on PlayNow.com.
Last year's in-game 50/50 generated over $1 million for the Canucks for Kids Fund.
According to the team, the Canucks for Kids Fund has granted $52 million to charities in B.C. over the last 31 years.
Letters editors rarely make the news. This month the Los Angeles Times letters editor, Paul Thornton, did just that with a story on letters from climate-change deniers. He said he would not print letters that asserted "there is no sign humans have caused climate change" because "it was not stating an opinion, it's asserting a factual inaccuracy". This attracted headlines declaring "Los Angeles Times riles climate-change sceptics by banning letters". Unsurprisingly, we've been asked how we treat letters from climate change deniers.
Herald editor-in-chief Darren Goodsir recently reiterated the paper's stance on global warming. "The Herald believes unequivocally in human-induced climate change," he told an audience at David Suzuki's City Talk. "It is an established fact. What we are much more interested in is not the sideshow over whether this phenomenon exists or not, but on how it should be tackled."
Five degrees hotter... our climate in 90 years. Digital illustration Credit:Matt Davidson
We do not ban writers whose views suggest they are climate change deniers or sceptics. We consider their letters and arguments. But we believe the argument over whether climate change is happening and whether it is man-made has been thrashed out extensively by leading scientists and on our pages and that the main debate now is about its effects, severity, and what society does about it.
Climate change deniers or sceptics are free to express opinions and political views on our page but not to misrepresent facts. This applies to all our contributors on any subject. On that basis, a letter that says, "there is no sign humans have caused climate change" would not make the grade for our page.
The Fightin Phils (19-10) have posted their highest water-mark of the season after sweeping Saturday night's double-header against the Portland Sea Dogs (9-20). It's the first time Reading took both games since 7/19/14 against New Britain.
In game one, Fightin Phils starter Ricardo Pinto retired 11 out of the first 15 batters he faced. The Sea Dogs would take a 1-0 lead off Pinto in the top of the fifth inning as Wendell Rijo hit a sacrifice fly that scored Ryan Court. Jorge Alfaro tied the game at 1-1 in the bottom of the sixth inning. He hit a RBI double off Sea Dogs starter Keith Couch to score Roman Quinn and extend his hitting streak to nine games.
Pinto left the game after six innings as he allowed just one run. Tom Windle (1-0) entered the game in the top of the seventh inning. Jake Fox hit a one-out double off Sea Dogs reliever Williams Jerez (0-1) then scored on a walk-off single from Angelo Mora. The Fightins would win 2-1 over the Sea Dogs.
In game two, the Sea Dogs struck first again. Henry Ramos scored on a ground-out by Cole Sturgeon that gave Portland a 1-0 lead off Yacksel Rios. Portland added another run off Rios in the top of the second inning. Jose Vinicio hit a sacrifice fly to give the Sea Dogs a 2-0 lead. The Sea Dogs scored a run in the top of the third inning. Ryan Court hit a two-out RBI single off Rios to score Wendell Rijo and give Portland a 3-0 lead.
Reading scored two runs off Sea Dogs starter Mitch Atkins in the bottom of the third to cut Portland's lead to 3-2. Rhys Hoskins hit a sacrifice fly that scored Roman Quinn and Dylan Cozens hit a solo home run. The Fightin Phils took a 4-3 off Atkins in the bottom of the fourth inning. Christian Marrero scored on a RBI triple from Angelo Mora and Harold Martinez hit a sacrifice fly to score Mora.
Matt Hockenberry pitched two scoreless innings in his double-A debut. Gregory Infante also made his Fightin Phils debut in the top of the sixth inning. Portland tied the game at 4-4 as Tim Roberson scored on a sacrifice fly from Ali Solis. Hoby Milner (1-0) tossed a scoreless top of the eighth inning.
Harold Martinez hit a walk-off RBI single off Sea Dogs reliever Rob Wort (0-3) in the bottom of the eighth inning to give the Fightin Phils a 5-4 win.
The Fightin Phils and Portland SeaDogs will wrap up their series on Sunday afternoon at 2:05 pm. Fans can listen to the game on Sports Radio AM 1240/FM 98-5 and fightins.com beginning at 1:35 pm. Fans can also view the game on MiLB.tv.
Tickets for the 2016 season are available online at Fightins.com, by phone at 610-370-BALL, and in-person at FirstEnergy Stadium.
The Proximity can only really do one thing other than tell the time, and that's vibrate. It can vibrate when you get a phone call; when you get an email; when you have a calendar alert; and when it loses connection. You can't set it to vibrate differently for each thing, so the watch uses its ticking secondhand to tell you why it's buzzing. When you get an alert, the hand stops ticking and sweeps quickly to 9, 10, or 11 o'clock to let you know what just happened.
No text message alerts, and there's really no way to add them
9 is LL, which means the watch has lost connection with your phone — this happens a lot, often seemingly for no reason, so even though it makes your wrist jitter too often it's probably a good thing to have. Even if connection isn't spotty, the watch automatically disconnects after six hours to save battery, but luckily it's just a press of the watch's top button to sync it back up.
The hand at 10 means you have an email. The watch can check any IMAP account, and they're easy to set up within the Citizen app, but it doesn't sync with any other apps on your phone, and only checks for new mail every five minutes. That meant I often got a buzz on my phone for an email, and a few minutes later my watch would vibrate with the same thing. When the hand is at 11, it means you're getting a call — it vibrates once when you get a call, and again if you miss it.
The biggest and most obvious thing missing is text message notifications, which would be really handy, but not only is that not available now, it probably never will be — it's not like Citizen can remotely update the big metal thing on my wrist so 7 o'clock says "TXT."
Since it's connected to your phone, there are a couple of other handy things that they can do together. My favorite: the watch syncs the time with your phone. That means your date will always be right, unlike my Seiko watch, which likes to think there are 31 days in each and every month. It also means you'll always have the right time zone, and never have to worry about winding your watch — it's an awesome mix of analog and the internet. If you press and hold both buttons on the watch, it triggers a loud noise on your phone so you can find it — it helped me out a few times, but the connection is so finicky and Bluetooth's range so small that I don't suggest just cavalierly tossing your phone into corners and crevices.
Image caption Presentations to mark St Piran's Day - in honour of the patron saint of Cornwall and tin miners - sparked pupils' interest in the language
A school in Cornwall has put up door signs in both English and the Cornish language.
The wooden signs have been engraved for every classroom and office door at Fowey Community College.
Head teacher John Perry said the students had shown a real interest in the language and the signs should help to keep interest in the Cornish culture growing.
The signs were made by design and technology technician John Radford.
'Real interest'
On the school's maths tutor room, the oval sign has "Mathematics" engraved on it and written below is the Cornish word "Awgrym" with the room number "Hwegh" [six].
Mr Radford is now working on new signage for the school's reception area, which will featuring the wave logo on the school website and "welcome" in Cornish.
Mr Perry said it was St Piran - the patron saint of Cornwall and tin miners - who sparked the idea for the Cornish signs.
Image caption Awgrym is the Cornish word for mathematics
"This idea first came to mind around St Piran's Day in March when we compiled presentations on what it means to be Cornish," he said.
"The students showed a real interest in the language and shortly afterwards a Cornish dictionary was sent to us by a local publisher.
"We thought it would be a great idea to include Cornish around the school as a way of keeping the Cornish culture growing."
Fifteen-year-old student Will Chapman said being Cornish was important to him.
"I was born here and when I leave school I want to stay in the county," he added.
- Advertisement -
Sony was hacked and hacked hard. Recently a cybercriminal group by the name of "The Guardians of Peace" (or GOP as they call themselves) hacked Sony Pictures leaving them crippled for a time, temporarily turning to faxes and avoiding email. They're not the only ones, the file cloud Dropbox and financial advisor JP Morgan were also hacked this year. Considering the many mistakes that company employees make that make it easier on hackers, it's no surprise that cybercrime is only getting worse.
The recent hack of Sony by the GOP saw the release of sensitive materials that are damaging to Sony, like the contract info of stars, the personal emails of executives, even unreleased movies with the threat to release more. The GOP uploaded the unreleased movies to Pirate Bay, leading to the arrest of the co-founder and the shutdown of the main site. There are those that, of course, consider piracy to be cybercrime. It makes sense; it's illegal, and it's perpetrated through the internet so the label would seem to fit. The questions are though, how much does piracy actually damage the economy? Should internet piracy be illegal? Is it even worth spending millions of dollars to prevent it?
- Advertisement -
The Figures
- Advertisement -
Finding the exact cost of piracy to the economy is difficult to say the very least. According to The Institute for Policy Innovation (IPI), "the total costs to the U.S. economy of copyright piracy are estimated to exceed $58 billion in lost output, 373,375 lost jobs." These numbers however, have come under scrutiny because the methodology in obtaining these figures was unclear.
The main problem with these numbers is the fact that their origins are ridiculously hard to track. An investigation done by the United States Government Accountability Office came to the conclusion that, "estimating the economic impact of IP infringements is extremely difficult, and assumptions must be used due to the absence of data." They go on to say, "despite significant efforts, it is difficult, if not impossible, to quantify the net effect of counterfeiting and piracy on the economy as a whole." Figures provided by the IPI are pure conjecture and simply the most recent claims.
What is readily available is the fact that in 2011, the US lead the world in internet piracy, with a staggering 96.7 million illegal downloads, with the UK coming in second place with 43.3 million. While that is a huge number, when you consider that there are 313.2 million of internet users in the US that leaves us with less than a third of people with internet access illegally downloading copyrighted material. Even that figure is problematic, as to come to that conclusion, the pirates would have had to only download one file each for the entire year. Considering people download entire seasons of shows, the number of pirates has to be even smaller than that.
- Advertisement -
Then you have the efficacy of measures taken to curb piracy, specifically digital rights management (DRM) to consider. The intent, of course, is to make sure that only legitimate purchasers can enjoy the product, but more often than not DRM is a roadblock for legit users. Meanwhile, pirates laugh at DRM as it provides only the briefest of obstacles. There are even a few developers who decry DRM as the 'worst thing in the gaming industry', and complaining that "[i]t can punish players who actually bought the game."
The Bright Side
Next Page 1 | 2
Go ahead, laugh at the headline. It sounds ridiculous on its face, given that the last time Golden State finished better than 10th in defensive rating was 35 seasons ago. One could argue that Jimmy Carter's presidency bookmarks the latest instance of a “good” Warriors defense.
Maybe it's not the past that makes you laugh. Maybe it's that All-Star David Lee and superstar Stephen Curry have suffered noted defensive struggles. Maybe it's that the Warriors recently played a hyped, nationally televised game wherein the Clippers scored 126 points.
It all hides what's probably the greatest collection of defensive talent out West. Through five games, the Warriors rank behind only Indiana in defensive efficiency. Their rating would probably be better if not for a slew of comically sloppy turnovers that became Blake Griffin dunks last Thursday. It's just five games, yes. But don't be shocked if this trend holds over the entire 82-game slate.
It starts with Andre Iguodala and Andrew Bogut, both elite defensive players at their respective positions. Building a bad defense that involves Bogut and Iguodala would probably take more effort than building a good one. So long as both are healthy, the Warriors' defense should be healthy.
Iguodala shores up the exterior and Bogut protects the rim. The shooting guard works in the shadows and margins of the Warriors' perimeter D. A fan might not notice how he's shading an offensive player a certain direction, or how he's swiveling through a screen. Defense is a percentage battle, and Iguodala is looking to play the probabilities over time. Over the course of 40-plus minutes, process trumps results for him. Such efforts rarely get widespread praise, but they do result in team success. The last time an Iguodala squad performed better on defense with Iguodala off the court was 2006-07.
In contrast to Iguodala's style, Bogut is a pronounced defensive presence. Your eye is drawn to the rim, where the Golden State center often blows up the play with no regard for human foul trouble. He's a confrontational defender, occasionally prone to latching one mitt on a driving player as the other hand chops at the ball like an overhead smash. Bogut is healthy again (for now), looking svelte compared to last season and, frankly, appearing to be the dominant defender Milwaukee never would have traded back in 2010.
On the perimeter, Klay Thompson mirrors some of Bogut's aggression. Though Thompson sometimes suffers lapses in concentration off the ball, he's a physical, dogged man-to-man defender. Both he and Iguodala can guard anyone from point guards to small forwards. Their skill and versatility spares Curry a lot of tough matchups and a lot of foul trouble.
Marreese Speights aside, the bench is stacked with plus defensive players. It's nearly the only thing Jermaine O'Neal can do well at this juncture of his career. Defensively, Harrison Barnes looks like the next Iguodala, only taller. Draymond Green is a large and mobile wing. Toney Douglas gave Stephen Curry fits before finally joining the Warriors. Kent Bazemore is an athletic shooting guard whose wingspan stretches wider than Kevin Love's.
Given the Warriors' embarrassment of defensive riches, defining the team defense by citing the shortcomings of Stephen Curry and David Lee doesn't make a lot of sense. It'd be analogous to defining their thrilling “Splash Brothers” offensive attack by Bogut's hopeful hook shots or Iguodala's midrange misses.
Also, Lee's and Curry's deficiencies will likely be mitigated by help from their teammates and by time in this particular defensive system. Lee's inability to hedge high on screens used to kill the Keith Smart Warriors. Mark Jackson's system eases the pain by calling on Lee to sink back from screens as Curry chases his man around the obstruction. Neither player is anything special at corralling offensive attackers, but the style shift has delivered results.
The change helped vault Golden State from 27th in defensive efficiency in 2011-12 to 13th last season. This happened largely without an injured Bogut's help and before Iguodala arrived in Oakland.
These are not Don Nelson's Warriors. It's comforting to believe that team cultures have continuity across generations, but times do eventually change -- even for a franchise as stubborn as old Nellie was.
It's a bit confusing because these Warriors are running up and down the court, launching 3s and thrilling fans. You'd assume a devil's bargain where such an offense can't come with a strong defensive foundation. You'd be wrong, though. If the Warriors aren't good defensively this season, it should come as a shock. For once.
Mar 13, 2015; Nashville, TN, USA; Kentucky Wildcats guard Andrew Harrison (5) drives against Florida Gators forward Devin Robinson (3) during the first half of the third round of the SEC Conference Tournament at Bridgestone Arena. Mandatory Credit: Don McPeak-USA TODAY Sports
Andrew Harrison has agreed to a deal with the Grizzlies.
Andrew Harrison has agreed to a deal with the Memphis Grizzlies. The former Kentucky guard's deal is a three-year, $3 million deal that is fully guaranteed.
Andrew and his twin brother, Aaron Harrison, were one once highly touted guards coming out of high school in 2013. Both twins were widely considered to be top five players in a 2013 high school class that included Andre Wiggins and Jabari Parker.
Though, ultimately Andrew Harrison fell in the 2015 draft to the second round due to an underwhelming two seasons at famed Kentucky. The Memphis Grizzlies would nab him with the 45th pick in the draft.
After being drafted by the Grizzlies, Harrison was acquired by the Iowa Energy of the NBA Development before the 2015 season even started. The Iowa energy is the development team affiliate of the Grizzlies.
With the Iowa Energy, Harrison had an impressive season averaging 18 points per game. With his best game coming on December 11 vs the Canton Charge in which the guard had a season-best game with 31 points, seven rebounds, six assists and five steals in a 110–107 overtime loss.
With this contract, comes no guarantee though that Aaron Harrison will crack the rotation. With shooting guards Tony Allen, Vince Carter, and Jordan Adams already ahead of him on the depth chart, it might be tough task for Harrison to see minutes. Though, he might see the floor if he gets minutes at the point guard as he did at Kentucky.
For more NBA Free Agency coverage, check out our NBA hub page.
After a seven-year absence, Winter Park and Amtrak are reviving weekend ski train service between the Grand County ski area and Denver's Union Station. The Winter Park Express marks the return of the venerable ski train that ferried countless skiers between Denver and Winter between 1940 and 2009.
In March 2015 the Denver-owned ski resort and Amtrak sold out two weekends of train trips, offering more than 800 $75 round-trip, one-day tickets between Denver and Winter Park. The success of that one-time revival prodded Amtrak and Winter Park to negotiate with track owner Union Pacific to allow regular weekend service during the winter. It's taken almost 18 months, but mid-winter weekend service is slated to return for the 2016-17 ski season.
Related Articles April 24, 2012 Founder of Eskimo Ski Club, Ski Train dies at 97
Winter Park weekend train service between Denver and Winter Park began in 1940 and stopped in 2009, when Ski Train owner Philip Anschutz closed the business, citing declining profits, the cost of insurance and complexities of passenger service on the 62-mile stretch of rail heavily trafficked by freight trains.
The Colorado Transportation Commission this week announced a $1.5 million grant to help build an ADA-compliant boarding platform and rail improvements at the ski area a few yards from the West Portal of the Moffat Tunnel.
Amtrak and Winter Park officials will announce details, schedules and ticket prices for the Winter Park Express at an event at the ski-area base on Thursday.
Drafted and developed by the Boston Bruins, Krejci was Czech teenager who'd followed his dream from his hometown of Sternberk to North America to help end a championship drought in an Original Six hockey hotbed and be able to hoist the Stanley Cup over his head.
On June 15, 2011, Krejci got what he'd come for.
On June 15, 2011, Krejci got what he'd come for.
Drafted and developed by the Boston Bruins, Krejci was Czech teenager who'd followed his dream from his hometown of Sternberk to North America to help end a championship drought in an Original Six hockey hotbed and be able to hoist the Stanley Cup over his head.
Dream fulfilled.
Top of the world. Not to mention top of the NHL postseason scoring charts.
Krejci started slowly that spring, registering only a point in the opening-round Stanley Cup Playoff series against the rival Montreal Canadiens.
Then he caught fire, toasting the Philadelphia Flyers for four goals and nine points, the Tampa Bay Lightning for five goals and seven points and, finally, the Vancouver Canucks for two goals and six points.
Game Six of the Eastern Conference Final against Tampa Bay turned out to be particularly memorable, with Krejci scoring three times to become the first Bruin since Cam Neely 20 years earlier to get a playoff hat trick.
Twenty three points in 25 postseason games.
Selected by the Bruins in the second round (No. 63) in the 2004 NHL Draft directly out of the HC Kladno junior program in the Czech Republic, Krejci set out to fast-track his NHL readiness by joining Gatineau of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, where he scored 49 goals and 144 points in two seasons.
Midway through his second season with Providence of the American Hockey League, Krejci was called up and scored 27 points in 56 games. The following season, 2007-2008, witnessed his arrival as an offensive force, a 51-assist, 73-point season, and he led the League with a plus-37 rating.
The momentum of Krejci's career, however, has been sporadically interrupted by injury: a concussion in January 2007, a dislocated wrist during the 2010 postseason and a partial tear of the MCL in his left knee in February 2015. He also missed time in 2009 after being diagnosed with the H1N1 virus.
Despite the missed time, the Bruins signed Krejci to a six-year contract extension on Sept. 4, 2014.
NOTES & TRANSACTIONS
NOVEMBER 14--The Tennessee deadbeat who has fathered 26 children with 20 different women has again been ordered by a judge to make child support payments, this time for a two-year-old Arkansas boy, court records show.
Terry Turnage, a 50-year-old Memphis resident, was ordered this month to pay $60 per week to Miesha Davis, mother of the pair's son Ja'Voin. The support order came as a result of a paternity complaint filed on Davis's behalf by Arkansas's Office of Child Support Enforcement.
A Circuit Court judge also ordered Turnage to “maintain health care insurance” for the child “when reasonably available” through his employer, and pay $365 in court fees.
In addition to Davis, two other Arkansas women have recently secured child support orders against Turnage, who has gained notoriety for impregnating assorted Tennessee women (many of whom also have secured child support orders to which Turnage has failed to adhere).
According to Arkansas court records, state officials have filed income withholding notices with a Memphis company that operates a McDonald's restaurant where Turnage has supposedly worked (and earned $247.28 weekly).
However, it appears that Turnage has a stake in a Forrest City, Arkansas nightclub that lists its owner as Turnage's son, Terry Jr.. The elder Turnage is a regular at Club Envy, where he is last month hosted a two-day party celebrating his 50th birthday. The club's address is listed as Turnage's residence in some court papers.
In addition to his assorted child support cases, Turnage is facing a felony charge of making terroristic threats. Investigators allege that Turnage threatened a Forrest City businessman from whom he had purchased an automobile that did not run.
In a June 2 written statement, the victim told cops that Turnage warned that if he did not have the Chevrolet repaired and delivered to the Club Envy parking lot, “he would shoot me or my wife.” The man added that Turnage “led me to believe that he had a gun and that he was willing and able to carry through” on his repeated threats.
Turnage, who is unwilling to support his offspring, paid the businessman $10,000 in cash for the 2005 Corvette.
If convicted of the felony charge, Turnage faces a maximum of six years in state prison. He is being represented by a public defender after filing an “affidavit of indigency” in late-September. (6 pages)
A fundraising campaign for the fire-ravaged Joplin, Missouri mosque has raised half its rebuilding goal in only two days.
The mosque has raised $126,000 of its $250,000 goal in an online campaign that's attracted nearly 1,000 donors, many of them anonymous. A suspicious fire early Monday morning razed the mosque. This last blaze followed an arson attempt caught on tape five weeks ago that the FBI is still investigating.
When asked about the fundraising response, Navid Zaidi, assistant treasurer of the Islamic Society of Joplin says: "It's really awesome." Zaidi, who is a physician, told Yahoo News that finding rental space for the congregation during Ramadan and the rebuilding itself will be a big project. The mosque is insured against fire, but the congregation is raising extra funds for a security system and to help potentially rebuild within Joplin city limits, instead of in the more remote location where it used to be. Some Joplin residents are also organizing a "Neighbors" rally in support of the congregation to be held Aug. 25, the Joplin Globe reported.
Correction: An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated Zaidi's position in the Islamic Society of Joplin.
You see, as most people in the UK were waking up this morning, and those in Europe, United States and elsewhere around the world were going about their daily routines, here in Israel over one million people were running for cover from a hail of rockets being rained down by Palestinian Hamas terrorists in Gaza.
In the last 24 hours alone, over 120 rockets have been fired on southern Israel. That's approximately five rockets per hour. By the time I finish this article, odds are that count will have risen to 125 rockets.
To put things in context: one million Israelis is roughly 13 per cent of the population. Thirteen per cent of the UK population equates to about 8.4 million people, or the entire population of London.
A number of Israelis have already been injured, though thankfully without fatalities. The only reason more have not been hurt is because Israel has invested millions of dollars in bomb shelters and the Iron Dome defence system. Meanwhile, Hamas, whose very raison d'être is the destruction of Israel and which is recognised as a terrorist organisation both by the EU and UK, has invested millions of dollars in foreign aid into more rockets.
So, where is the outrage?
Since the beginning of this year, Gaza terrorists have fired more than 450 rockets on Israel, with about half of them coming since mid-June, when two Hamas terrorists kidnapped and brutally murdered three Israeli teenagers.
Why is it that a majority of the international community only notices when Israel undertakes its sovereign right, and obligation, to defend its citizens? Can you imagine if even one rocket was fired on London, Washington, Paris or Moscow? This is simply intolerable and no country can, or should, tolerate such attacks on its people.
Where is the outrage from the United Nations, which does not hesitate for a moment to call a "special emergency session" on the "Question of Palestine" or pass the umpteenth resolution blindly condemning Israel? But 24 hours after the rocket attacks on Israel started, I am still waiting for even one syllable of condemnation from the UN Security Council, the UN General Assembly or the Human Rights Council.
Where is the EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton, who repeatedly slams Israel over settlement building, but is yet to say a word about the Palestinians firing over 120 rockets on Israeli civilians in one day? Even 10 Downing and the Foreign Office are yet to comment.
Where are all those so-called enlightened liberals, who continue to call for Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) against the Jewish State, but are silent in the face of Palestinian terror against Jews?
Where are all the human rights organisations like Human Rights Watch, Amnesty and Oxfam, who do not waste a single opportunity to condemn Israel for human rights violations against the Palestinians? Are the human rights of Israelis not equally important? Or is Jewish blood really that cheap?
Where is the outrage from the mainstream media? Instead, news organisations like the BBC, lead their stories about the rocket attacks headlines like ‘Israel launches new air strikes on Gaza Strip' and not ‘Palestinian Terrorists in Gaza Rain Down Over 120 Rockets Against 1 million Israelis in 24 hours.'
Where is the outage that Iran, which the international community is currently negotiating with over their nuclear weapons program, and which has called for Israel to be wiped off the map, is the primary funder and supplier of arms to Hamas?
Where is the outage that civilians across southern Israel are being instructed not to send their kids to school and stay in bomb shelters, or that 24 prematurely born babies and 34 newborns had to be moved last night to a protected area in Soroka Hospital in Be'er Sheva, due to the rocket attacks from Gaza?
What sort of inhumane way is that for children to live?
Where is the outrage that the very same Hamas now responsible for the rocket fire against millions of Israelis, was only a month ago welcomed by Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, our so-called ‘partner for peace' into his unity government, while the international community, including the EU, rushed to embrace it?
As I conclude, another two rockets were just fired from Gaza. So again, I ask: where is the outrage?
Arsen Ostrovsky is an international human rights activist and freelance journalist living in Israel.
Roger Ver has Tweeted that Bitcoin.com would come out with a Bitcoin Cash Visa debit card very soon.
Bitcoin Cash (BCC) is not about to let Bitcoin (BTC) take all the limelight amidst the CBOE futures launch, and Roger Ver, the most vocal advocate of BCC, has just Tweeted that Bitcoin.com is going to come out with a Bitcoin Cash Visa debit card.
The rivalry between Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash is well known now, as the latter's proponent, Roger Ver, has continued to claim that Bitcoin's August 1, 2017 fork – BCC, is the real Bitcoin as per the original guidelines in the 2009 whitepaper by Satoshi Nakamoto, Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System.
According to Roger, Bitcoin Core, the development team behind BTC has failed the cryptocurrency, as is evident from its high transaction fees and delays. He also regularly stresses on the need for a digital currency to be globally accessible and feasible to use, even in economically weak regions such as Africa.
His response to Bitcoin's shortcomings is Bitcoin Cash, which has a larger block size (8MB compared to Bitcoin's 1MB - making for a larger number of transactions to be processed within the 10-minute period it takes to process new blocks) and consequently smaller fees and faster transaction processing.
However, the Bitcoin community has not been very receptive to what they believe is an attempt to subvert the original coin, leading to a rift between supporters of Bitcoin and those of Bitcoin Cash.
Now, with a possible Visa debit card solution coming out, Bitcoin Cash's price is likely to surge as it becomes easily ‘spendable' – something that cannot be said for Bitcoin, which was recently dropped by Steam, the game publishing portal, due to high fees and delays.
While there are other solutions (TenX and Monaco) for users looking to spend their digital currency via debit cards, a native solution provided by Bitcoin Cash may be what is needed to further crypto adoption and actual spending, which is considered healthy for the market.
Email Share +1 115 Shares
BOSTON — Massachusetts lawmakers on July 28 held a hearing on a bill that would ban so-called “conversion therapy” for minors in the state.
Bennett Klein, senior attorney for Gay and Lesbian Advocates and Defenders, is among those who testified in support of state Rep. Kay Khan's (D-Newton) bill during a hearing before the Joint Committee on Children, Families and Persons with Disabilities.
“Massachusetts can take a huge step to creating a better world for LGBT youth with this bill,” said Klein.
D.C., New Jersey and California ban “conversion therapy” to minors.
Lawmakers in Virginia and other states over the last year have also debated similar proposals. California Congressman Ted Lieu in May introduced a measure to ban “conversion therapy” throughout the country.
Nobody knows just how many people are killed by the police nationwide. The F.B.I. keeps an official tally of law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty — an average of 69 per year since 1980 — but there is no comparable accounting of lives taken by officers.
Yet a detailed review of news reports, official statements and websites that try to keep track of such things indicates that in the year since an officer fatally shot Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo., on Aug. 9, 2014, 1,000 or more people died at the hands of law enforcement officers acting in the line of duty.
That review reveals some expected patterns, like the disproportionate presence of African-Americans, people with mental illnesses, and young men among the dead.
More surprising is how often the people killed seemed to be committing “suicide by cop,” either indicating in advance that they wanted to die, asking officers to shoot them, or simply preferring death to prison. In dozens of cases, a person was killed after brandishing some kind of toy gun, even pointing it at officers, a sure invitation to gunfire.
Dozens of people, at least, died after being shocked with electric stun guns, some from compression or choking, and some from causes that remain mysterious. But most, by far, were shot.
Another clear conclusion is that a great majority of the people killed were reported to be armed, and very often were attacking officers. Sometimes, there is only the officers' word for that, but in most cases, their accounts are supported by witnesses or physical evidence.
At times, the killing of an armed person leads to protests and is called unjustified, or the killing of an unarmed person is considered justified.
But the presence or absence of a weapon is often, like video, a definitive factor in determining how the police, prosecutors and the public react. It is the fatal shootings, like those of Mr. Brown, Tamir Rice and Samuel DuBose, that prompt the greatest outrage.
Here are some recent cases that drew the most attention or raised the most serious questions about the officers' conduct.
Independent research, ratings and investment analysis of ICO's
We cut through the noise to give you one simple and digestible update on the latest ICO opportunities every week.
Selective
Our job is to separate the potential blue chips from the shady.
The only independent analyst research on new and upcoming ICO's.
Independent
Confidence ratings are provided for each piece of coverage (0 - 100%)
Ratings
Institutional grade analysis for the newest and hottest market
Download our latest report instantly.
Join the list.
© Copyright 2017 Picolo Research
blockchainI.CO is proudly part of the Picolo family
Meet Picolo
Buy, hold, sell
We provide buy, hold and sell analysis and diversification position sizing.
Straight to inbox
Each research report and update is delivered directly to your inbox.
Strategic advantage
Stay informed and be the first to act on immediate opportunities.
Join now - it's free
Download now
U.S. lawmakers, and presidential candidates, have in recent months stepped up criticism of U.S. drug prices trends, driven in part by eye-popping price hikes from companies with recently acquired generic drugs.
"Medicines are among the most effective and efficient use of private and public health care dollars," Pfizer said in an emailed statement.
"It is important to note that the list price does not reflect the considerable discounts offered to the government, managed care organizations, and commercial health plans and certain programs that restrict any increases above the inflation rate."
UBS said Pfizer increased prices by 20 percent for anticonvulsant Dilantin, hormone therapy Menest, angina drug Nitrostat, Tykosyn for irregular heartbeat, and antibiotic Tygacil.
The analyst report said U.S. prices were raised on a total of 105 Pfizer drugs. No price reductions were reported.
Pfizer is by no means the only drugmaker to raise prices. Research firm Truveris found that U.S. prescription drug prices rose 10.9 percent in 2014, including a 15 percent increase for brand-name products.
The planned Pfizer/Allergan deal, which would create the world's largest drugmaker and shift Pfizer's headquarters to Ireland, would also be the biggest-ever instance of a U.S. company re-incorporating overseas to lower its taxes. U.S. President Barack Obama has called such inversion deals unpatriotic and has tried to crack down on the practice.
Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton pledged to propose measures to prevent such deals. The merger was also slammed by her rival Senator Bernie Sanders as well as by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
Pfizer, which will report its 2015 earnings February 2, posted biopharmaceutical revenue of $45.7 billion in 2014, including U.S. sales of $17.2 billion.
Also in 2014 the company, currently headquartered in New York, spent $8.4 billion on research and development, $14.1 billion on sales, informational and administrative costs, including advertising, and nearly $12 billion to buy back its shares and pay dividends to shareholders.
Orange drinks with 300 times more pesticide than tap water
Fizzy drinks sold by Coca-Cola in Britain have been found to contain pesticides at up to 300 times the level allowed in tap or bottled water.
A worldwide study found pesticide levels in orange and lemon drinks sold under the Fanta brand, which is popular with children, were at their highest in the UK.
The research team called on the Government, the industry and the company to act to remove the chemicals and called for new safety standards to regulate the soft drinks market.
The industry denies children are at risk and insists that the levels found by researchers based at the University of Jaen in southern Spain are not harmful.
The study uncovered pesticides in some fizzy drinks at up to 300 times the level permitted in tap water
The researchers tested 102 cans and bottles of soft drinks, bought from 15 countries, for the presence of 100 pesticides. The UK products were bought in London, Cambridge, Edinburgh, St Andrews and at Gatwick Airport.
The experts said the levels found were low under the maximum residue levels allowed for fruit, but they were 'very high' and 'up to 300 times' the figure permitted for bottled or tap water.
The chemicals detected included carbendazim, thiabendazole, imazalil, prochloraz, malathion and iprodione. They are mainly applied to fruit after harvest to stop it developing fungal infections and rotting.
A total of 19 products were bought in the UK, all made by Coca-Cola.
Two orange drinks bought in the UK contained imazalil at 300 times the limit permitted for a single pesticide in drinking water.
Two similar products contained 98 times the legal drinking water limit for thiabendazole.
The average level of the total pesticide contamination of the British drinks was 17.4 parts per billion - 34.6 times the EU maximum residue level for water.
Coca-Cola GB insisted the products are safe. A spokesman said: 'All of the drinks tested meet the safety regulations relating to food products made from agricultural ingredients, which include drinks with fruit juice as an ingredient.
'The generally miniscule levels that were detected were well within the acceptable daily intake levels and these findings should reassure consumers there is no safety issue here.'
Dozens of cars spun out on area highways overnight as snow and cold winds glazed area bridges and highways.
Most of the crashes did not result in serious injuries, police said.
Close to 20 cars crashed on toll roads, Illinois State Police Sgt. Anton Manuel said.
"The weather just took a turn for the worst before our units could get the roads salted," he said. "Seems like every vehicle that came through the area spun out."
Additional crashes numbering in the dozens were reported in the Chicago District of the Illinois State Police, which covers Interstates 90, 94, 57, 55, and 290.
The most serious overnight crash appears to have happened on Interstate 290 in Addison, where a 61-year-old man sustained serious injuries and was taken to Alexian Brothers Hospital. The 33-year-old driver of the car was also injured, though his wounds were less serious, police said.
The occupants of the other car involved in that crash are OK, police said.
The accidents happened in a span of about 3 hours, Manuel said. The roads have since been salted and conditions have improved, he said.
chicagobreaking@tribune.com
Twitter: @chicagobreaking
Four months into the latest round of violence in Israel and the West Bank, a new poll shows a slump in support among Palestinians for a major uprising against Israel.
A wave of attacks against Israeli troops and civilians – carried out mostly by young Palestinians armed with knives – began in the autumn with high levels of support among Palestinians.
A poll by the Awrad research group in October found then that 63 per cent of Palestinians were in favour of launching a third "intifada", or uprising, against Israeli occupation.
That number has now fallen to 42 per cent as Palestinian casualties mount up and Israeli security measures take a toll on the Palestinian economy and family incomes.
Since the violence began, 26 Israelis have been killed alongside 165 Palestinians, according to the AFP news agency. Most of the Palestinians were killed trying to attack Israeli, according to Israel's government.
Photo: Facebook
The poll found that a majority, 54 per cent, of Palestinians were opposed to a new intifada. In October, only 33 per cent of those polled were opposed to an intifada.
The first intifada was a largely spontaneous uprising by young Palestinians in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
The second intifada saw fierce fighting between Israeli forces and Palestinian armed groups in the early 2000s and waves of suicide bombings against Israel.
Both Palestinians and Israelis debate whether the current wave of violence constitutes a "third intifada" or a more sporadic series of incidents.
Support for an uprising appears to have been dampened by Israeli security measures, including new checkpoints and more intensive searching of Palestinians.
The Palestinian economy has been badly hit by the measures while fewer tourists and visitors are travelling in the West Bank in light of the violence.
Around 36 per cent of Palestinians said their families had suffered a loss of income since the violence began while 18 per cent said they had suffered a job loss.
Half of those surveyed said they believed a new intifada would impede progress towards the goal of establishing an independent Palestinian state.
The poll also found that 80 per cent of Palestinians supported an immediate presidential election.
The current Palestinian president, Mahmoud Abbas, has been in office in 2005.
The 80-year-old's term was supposed to expire in 2009 but he has remained in his post, arguing that is impossible to hold elections while Palestinians are divided between Hamas control in Gaza and Palestinian Authority control in the West Bank.
Around 31 per cent said Mr Abbas's performance was good while 37 per cent said it was "weak".
Four Spanish air force Matador jets entered Gibraltar's airspace from the northwest on Wednesday while apparently on their way to an aircraft carrier that was about 12 nautical miles southeast of the territory, the government of Gibraltar said in a statement.
"At no time did the aircraft make contact with Gibraltar's air-traffic control and the Spanish air traffic authorities in Seville gave no warning of the aircraft' approach," it said.
Air traffic controllers in Seville delayed the departure from Gibraltar of a British Airways flight to London for 12 minutes until it was safe for it to take off, the statement added.
The government of Gibraltar has called on Britain "to take up the matter of this military incursion into the airspace of Gibraltar at the highest diplomatic and military levels."
Last week British Prime Minister David Cameron protested to his Spanish counterpart Mariano Rajoy at a meeting of European Union leaders in Brussels over allegations that Spanish police fired shots at a jet ski in the contested waters around Gibraltar.
"I think this is a totally unacceptable episode and I made that clear. I think it is very important that people on Gibraltar know that we support them, we support their sovereignty. We need to find out more about what happened but from what I have heard...it is not acceptable," he told a news conference at the EU leaders' meeting, according a statement from the government of Gibraltar.
Madrid has flatly denied accusations that Spanish military-linked Guardia Civil police fired shots while chasing a jet ski on June 23 in waters off Gibraltar and it has criticized Britain for giving credence to rumours.
A Spanish foreign office spokesman said an incident involving a jet ski did take place but that no shots were fired.
In November, Spain and Britain summoned each other's ambassadors in a spat over a series of naval incidents around the small but strategically situated territory.
Britain has held Gibraltar since 1713 but Spain wants it returned and refuses to recognize British sovereignty over the waters off the land known as the Rock.
It's a data leak involving tens of thousands of offshore bank accounts, naming dozens of prominent figures around the world. And new details are being released by the day _ raising the prospect that accounts based on promises of secrecy and tax shelter could someday offer neither.
Among those named include a top campaign official in France, the ex-wife of pardoned oil trader Marc Rich, Azerbaijan's ruling family, the daughter of Imelda Marcos and the late Baron Elie de Rothschild. The widespread use of offshore accounts among the wealthy is widely known _ even Mitt Romney acknowledged stashing some of his millions in investments in the Cayman Islands.
But this week's leak, orchestrated by a Washington-based group called the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, appeared to be the broadest in what has been a steady stream of information emerging about hidden money in recent years amid a wave of anger targeting the super-rich in an age of austerity.
The leak allegedly involved records from 10 tax havens, where the world's wealthy have long stashed funds. It uncovered a shadow network of empty holding companies and names essentially rented out to fill out boards of non-existent corporations, including a British couple listed as active in more than 2,000 entities, according to The Guardian newspaper, which participated in the global undertaking.
The project started with the receipt of a hard drive by an Australian journalist, Gerard Ryle, who took the data with him when he joined the consortium, according to the project's website. The group, a project of the Washington-based Center for Public Integrity, has said the hard drive arrived in the mail.
``We know the data is valid. We know who originally produced the data and we've done massive crosschecks to make sure what we're getting is accurate and isn't corrupted,'' said Michael Hudson, a senior editor on the project.
Rudolf Elmer, who once ran the Caribbean operations of the Swiss bank Julius Baer and turned whistleblower after he was dismissed in 2002, told The Associated Press that he considers the data to be authentic.
``This comprehensive information is like a torch that will probably set off a wildfire and bring to light a lot more about secretive tax havens,'' he said.
The secret bank accounts of the rich and powerful have recently come under a crush of whistle-blowing scrutiny.
France's former budget minister, Jerome Cahuzac, was forced to resign last month after a French investigative website unrelated to the latest leak revealed that he held offshore accounts _ a particularly damaging scandal because he was spearheading a campaign against tax evasion. In 2010, a Greek journalist published a list of about 2,000 people holding undeclared Swiss bank accounts, disclosures that triggered a firestorm of outrage as Greeks were forced to swallow brutal austerity measures.
In November, an HSBC insider leaked a list of more than 8,000 customers with accounts based in Britain's tiny Jersey Island, drawing an immediate tax investigation from Britain's revenue and customs service. Two years before that, a former HSBC employee stole account details for 24,000 clients.
Germany, eager to learn about its own tax cheats, promptly offered to buy the information.
``This just shows what we all know, which is that for decades we have seen the emergence of globalization on the one hand and governments that were unable to coordinate and cooperate on the other hand,'' Pascal Saint-Amans, head of tax policy for the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, said Friday.
There is nothing inherently illegal about opening bank accounts overseas, but it's well known that the wealthy use them to avoid higher taxes at home _ a practice that Saint-Amans said was quickly falling afoul of governments desperate for revenue, especially those suffering in the European financial crisis.
Britain has an outsized share of offshore territories, which include the British Virgin Islands, Bermuda, the Cayman Islands and the Channel Islands, whose 4{ square miles (12 square kilometers) are saturated with current and former British company directors, according to The Guardian.
``Britain has this network of satellite tax havens around the world that have been acting as feeders,'' said Nicholas Shaxon, author of the book ``Treasure Islands.''
Shaxon said he was encouraged by the succession of whistleblowing employees over the years, and described the latest leak as the most significant to date.
``I hope this has created a new willingness among players who are inside the system to say, `Hang on, maybe this isn't such a good thing,''' Shaxon said.
French President Francois Hollande, who has promised to clean up France's finances, has had a particularly bad week when it comes to news about tax havens. No sooner had Cahuzac acknowledged lying about his offshore accounts than news emerged in the newspaper Le Monde that his former campaign treasurer, Jean-Jacque Augier, was a shareholder in two firms in the Cayman Islands, through a holding company.
Augier said he did nothing wrong. Cahuzac was felled by a recording of him talking about his accounts that was leaked to French website Mediapart.
The International Consortium of Investigative Journalists consortium promised Friday to continue publishing details in coming weeks. Hudson, the senior editor, said the goal was to shed light on an industry that has thrived on secrecy.
``It becomes a question of not necessarily right or wrong, but it is a question of how our world works and how some folks who have the wherewithal to use havens get a degree of secrecy and tax benefits that average folks don't have access to,'' he said.
Tim Ridley, former chairman of the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority, warned against any satisfaction people may get from seeing the private banking information of the wealthy splashed across the Internet.
``Whatever may happen with offshore accounts today with everybody smiling about it could happen to onshore accounts in London or New York tomorrow,'' Ridley said. ``Normally people are entitled to information about their financial affairs or their medical affairs to be private.''
Ridley said there remained entirely legitimate reasons to set up accounts offshore, even for individuals, especially those from volatile countries: ``Unstable governments have a habit of taking people's money in unjustified circumstances.''
Shaxon was less concerned about the rights of wealthy individuals holding secret bank accounts.
``I don't think we should be worried about the sensitivities of the poor banker and poor criminals whose criminal activities are being exposed,'' he said. ``If there are people who are doing nothing wrong and their information is being exposed, then it's collateral. It's a price to be paid.''
Both Ridley and Shaxon _ coming from entirely opposite perspectives _ agreed that the disclosures dented the world of offshore banking, but were hardly a fatal blow.
And experts say it will take years for current efforts against secrecy to fully take hold.
``It is ultimately public pressure that is going to make a difference here,'' Shaxon said. (AP)
Bo Ryan finished at Wisconsin with a 364-130 record in 14-plus seasons, leading the Badgers to the NCAA Tournament in every one of seasons as head coach. Credit: Rick Wood
By of the
Madison — Bo Ryan will have to wait until next year — again.
Ryan, who stepped down 12 games into his 15th season as Wisconsin's head coach, is not part of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame's 2016 class.
The 10-member class was announced Monday in Houston at the Final Four. Ryan had been one of 14 finalists announced in February.
Ryan, 68, also was a finalist in 2015 after leading UW to the Final Four for the second consecutive season.
When he retired in December he left with a record of 747-233 in 32 seasons of coaching. That included a 364-130 mark in 14-plus seasons at UW.
The Badgers under Ryan never missed the NCAA Tournament and won four Big Ten Conference regular-season titles and three Big Ten tournament titles. They never finished worse than fourth in the league.
Ryan's Big Ten record was 172-68, for a winning percentage of .717. That is the No. 1 mark in league history.
He won four NCAA Division III national titles at UW-Platteville and coached two seasons at UWM (1999-2000 and 2000-'01) before taking over the UW program.
The 10 inductees announced Monday were former NBA referee Darell Garretson and players Allen Iverson and Shaquille O'Neal; Michigan State coach Tom Izzo; the first African-American coach in a professional league, John McLendon; former WNBA star Sheryl Swoopes; and four who were selected by special committees: Zelmo Beaty from the Veterans Committee, Yao Ming from the International Committee, Cumberland Posey from the Early African-American Pioneers Committee and Jerry Reinsdorf from the Contributor Committee.
College coaches who did not make the final cut along with Ryan included Lefty Driesell, Eddie Sutton and Muffet McGraw.
Daphne Goggins doesn't trust "anything the news media says, anymore."
Daphne Goggins stood her ground when CNN Host Alisyn Camerota tried to portray her as a neo-Nazi sympathizer because she agreed with President Donald Trump that two sides were responsible for the recent conflict in Charlottesville, Va.
While Camerota contended that every person who showed up at the rally to defend Confederate memorials was violent and either a Neo-Nazi or White Supremacist, the six members of her panel, including Goggins, weren't buying it.
Goggins laid some of the blame, not just on the Antifa, Neo-Nazi and White Supremacists – but, also on the local government, because “They didn't protect the people.”
“It seems to me that you're giving these guys a green light: the white supremacists," Camerota charged.
When Camerota argued that everyone in attendance, except Antifa and the counter-protesters, was either a Neo-Nazi or White Supremacist, Goggins said she found online video showing otherwise.
Offended that Goggin would go outside cable news media to find her information, Camorota challenged the credibility of her claim:
Goggins: “We really don't know who was out there. But, I'm telling I've seen videos of other people who were out there who were not neo-Nazis.” CNN's Camerota: “Do you believe there were very fine people protesting?” Goggins: “Yes, I do.” CNN's Camerota: “How do you know that?” Goggins: “I'm only telling you from the videos I've seen.” CNN's Camerota: “But, what's the source of your videos?” Goggins: “Facebook. And, when I tried to repost those videos, they wouldn't allow me.” CNN's Camerota: “Is it possible that they're not credible?” Goggins: “Could be, but, like I said, they need to investigate and find exactly what was going on out there.”
To prove her point, Camerota then played a clip from an "investigation" by left-wing "Vice" of Neo-Nazis marching with torches and chanting anti-Semitic slurs – which another panelist quickly pointed out wasn't actually from the Charlottesville rally, but from the night before.
Goggins refused to take the bait when Camorata tried to goad her into saying there were “nice people” among the Neo-Nazi marchers. Goggins said the marchers in the video were “crazy,” but she added that they still had the right to say crazy things.
And, when Camerota pressed Goggins, yet again, the panelist refused to pass judgement based on anything today's news media tries to sell her:
Anonymous hacked several Chinese government websites including the Hunan (a province in China) Police Academy website in solidarity with pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong.
The hacker behind this hack goes with the handle of @ AnonymousGlobo on Twitter, who has been involved in several cyberattacks on different websites in the past.
AnonymousGlobo left a deface page along with a message on hacked Hunan Police Academy website, bashing the Chinese government for arresting and not allowing protesters to demonstrate their issues in shape of a protest.
Many government Websites in China suffered DoS attacks (DDOS). This type of attack is but many access requests at the same time, that is, it would be the impediment of people in a building in the real world.
Some hacktivists have being arrested and persecuted by the Chinese Government. Five activists have been arrested accused of causing congestion in chineses sites, and this kind of protest is one of the most peaceful imaginable.
Links of hacked websites along with their mirrors as a proof of hack are available below:
http://pastebin.com/4m99Enug
This is not the first time when Anonymous has conducted a cyberattack on Chinese government in support of protesters in Hong Kong. In 2014, the Anonymous hacktivists shutdown several Chinese government sites in solidarity with the protesters.
The pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong were also tracked with an Android spyware which disguised as an ‪#‎OccupyCentral‬ app. The fake app disguised as an Android app for tablets and smartphones. Its main function was to keep an eye and track movement of #‎OccupyCentral‬ protesters in Hong Kong.
At the time of publishing this article, all targeted Chinese websites were still hacked.
Follow @HackRead
Benghazi committee chairman Trey Gowdy (left) has said he hopes to finish his probe by 2016. | AP Photo Benghazi panel denied ex-Hillary aide's request to publicly testify Hillary Clinton's former chief of staff Cheryl Mills had requested a public session to thwart GOP leaks.
The House Benghazi Committee rejected a request from Cheryl Mills, Hillary Clinton's former chief of staff at the State Department, to have her testimony occur in a public session later this week, a source close to Mills said.
Mills' desire for open testimony — a request made because she fears Republicans will leak selected information that casts her in a negative light — is just the first disagreement in what's likely to be a tense session Thursday, when she appears before the panel a day before Jake Sullivan, Clinton's top policy guru, is also hauled in for questions.
Story Continued Below
The private interviews with Clinton's top brass represent the highest-profile grillings yet for the panel probing the cause of, or avoidable factors that could have led to, the 2012 terrorist attack on the U.S. Consulate in Libya that left four Americans dead.
Lawmakers — who don't often attend the closed-door interviews with Benghazi witnesses, allowing staff investigators to take the lead — are making the rare move of returning to Washington, D.C., early from their summer break to be present for the interviews with Mills, who no longer works for Clinton, and Sullivan, who remains Clinton's No. 1 policy staffer on the campaign.
The interrogations come less than two months before Clinton herself will appear before the committee in a public hearing and represent a turning point for the committee as it moves into the final stages of its investigation, bringing in more senior officials.
The work of the panel, which led to the discovery that Clinton exclusively used private email instead of a State.gov account, has been the driving force of the protracted controversy that has dogged the Democratic front-runner's campaign and promises to do so for the foreseeable future. Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) and Senate Homeland Security Chairman Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) have recently opened their own spinoff probes of Clinton's email use, and the FBI is now investigating whether any sensitive material was mishandled.
Benghazi Committee chairman Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.), for his part, has said he hopes to finish his probe by 2016, but has delayed sessions with top advisers because he has not received all their relevant State Department communications, which he says they need to formulate questions.
State, for example, still has not turned over to the committee all the messages it has received from Mills and Sullivan or other top Clinton staff. But Republicans — feeling pressure from Democrats accusing them of trying to drag their probe into the presidential election — are moving forward regardless. The committee in recent weeks has brought in or scheduled dozens of interviews with relevant figures from all different agencies with knowledge about U.S.-Libya policy in the months leading up to the attack.
Mills' and Sullivan's interviews stand out, however, because of their relationship with Clinton. Her top aides were also found to have used personal emails for work and have been drawn into the multiple probes.
Huma Abedin, Clinton's closest aide and current vice chairwoman of Hillary for America, is also expected to testify in another closed-door session soon.
Details are still being worked out, but lawmakers are expected to question both Mills and Sullivan about any Libya-related policies, security concerns in the Middle Eastern nation and also touch on the ongoing emails controversy. Both often forwarded to Clinton's unsecured email account, messages that the intelligence agencies argue are, were or should have been classified. Questions remain, however, about whether staff realized the information was sensitive, who approved Clinton's use of a personal server and why she chose a small, mom-and-pop Colorado company that housed servers in a bathroom closet to store the technology.
The sessions are expected to last several hours, with Republicans and Democrats taking turns questioning the witnesses. Gowdy will be there, flanked by GOP firebrand Jim Jordan of Ohio, Lynn Westmoreland of Georgia and Martha Roby of Alabama, all panel conservatives, as well as the typical Benghazi staff. Democratic members, including Ranking Member Elijah Cummings of Maryland, the administration's go-to defender on the House Oversight Committee, are also expected to make appearances.
One of the issues still being resolved specifically surrounding Mills' interview includes the types of questions lobbed at her and answers she can give: Mills no longer has a security clearance, potentially complicating what interrogators can or cannot discuss in the private session.
A source close to Mills said she requested that the testimony be public because of fear that Republicans will leak parts of her interview. Republicans, who have done all their interviews so far behind closed doors, declined the request — just as they did for Sid Blumenthal, a top Clinton confidant who also answered questions for the committee earlier this year about unconfirmed intelligence memos he forwarded the secretary of state. Republicans did not wish to comment specifically on the Mills request but have said they'll release the information after they're completed their entire investigation and issued their final report.
There are nine remaining weeks to see the new musical Roald Dahl's Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. The final performance will be on Sunday, January 14, 2018 after playing 27 previews and 305 regular performances at the Lunt-Fontanne Theatre (205 West 46th Street).
The producers are pleased to announce the U.S. national tour Roald Dahl's Charlie and the Chocolate Factory will launch in September 2018. There are also plans for an international tour launching in Australia in 2018 and the United Kingdom in 2019. A confirmed production timeline will be announced soon.
"It has been a privilege to share this timeless story with audiences of all ages", said producers Mark Kaufman, Kevin McCormick and Caro Newling. "Our remarkable creative team, led by the incomparable Jack O'Brien, have re-imagined the story of Charlie Bucket and Willy Wonka for a new generation. We now look forward to a long life for the production across North America and around the world."
With direction by three-time Tony Award winner Jack O'Brien, Roald Dahl's Charlie and the Chocolate Factory features music by Grammy, Emmy and Tony Award winner Marc Shaiman, lyrics by Grammy and Tony Award winners Scott Wittman and Marc Shaiman, a book by Artistic Director of Edinburgh's Royal Lyceum theatre David Greig, choreography by Tony Award nominee and Emmy Award winner Joshua Bergasse and includes additional songs by Leslie Bricusse and Anthony Newley from the 1971 Warner Bros. motion picture.
The Broadway company of Roald Dahl's Charlie and the Chocolate Factory stars two-time Tony Award winner Christian Borle, Jake Ryan Flynn, Ryan Foust, Ryan Sell, Tony Award winner John Rubinstein, Emily Padgett, Ben Crawford, Kathy Fitzgerald, Alan H. Green, Emmy Award nominee Jackie Hoffman, Trista Dollison, F. Michael Haynie, Emma Pfaeffle and Michael Wartella with Chip Abbott, Yesenia Ayala, Darius Barnes, Colin Bradbury, Jared Bradshaw, Ryan Breslin, Stephen Carrasco, Kristy Cates, Madeleine Doherty, Paloma Garcia-Lee, Stephanie Gibson, Talya Groves, Cory Lingner, Robin Masella, Elliott Mattox, Monette McKay, Kyle TaylorA. Parker, Kristin Piro, Amy Quanbeck, Paul Slade Smith, Halli Toland, Katie Webber, Cody Williams, Michael Williams and Mikey Winslow.
Roald Dahl's Charlie and the Chocolate Factory features scenic and costume design by five-time Tony Award nominee Mark Thompson, lighting design by four-time Tony Award nominee Japhy Weideman, sound design by Andrew Keister, puppet and illusion design by Obie and Drama Desk Award winner Basil Twist, projection design by Jeff Sugg, special effects design by Jeremy Chernick, orchestrations by three-time Tony Award winner Doug Besterman and music direction and supervision by Nicholas Skilbeck.
Roald Dahl's treasured tale is now Broadway's Golden Ticket! It's the perfect recipe for a delectable treat: songs from the original film, including "Pure Imagination," "The Candy Man" and "I've Got a Golden Ticket," alongside a toe-tapping and ear-tickling new score from the songwriters of Hairspray.
The Broadway production of Roald Dahl's Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is produced by Warner Bros. Theatre Ventures (Mark Kaufman), Langley Park Productions (Kevin McCormick) and Neal Street Productions (Sam Mendes, Caro Newling).
The Broadway performance schedule for Roald Dahl's Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is as follows: Monday and Tuesday at 7pm, Friday and Saturday at 8pm, and Sunday at 6:30pm, with matinees on Wednesday at 1pm, Saturday at 2pm and Sunday at 1pm. Please Note: There will be no performances Sunday, November 26 at 6:30pm, Sunday, December 24 and Sunday, December 31. There will be added performances on Friday, November 24 at 2pm, Thursday, December 21 at 7pm, Wednesday, December 27 at 8pm, Thursday, December 28 at 7pm and Friday, December 29 at 2pm.
Tickets for Roald Dahl's Charlie and the Chocolate Factory range from $69 - $160, and are available at www.Ticketmaster.com (877.250.2929). A limited number of $40 general rush tickets (including the $2 facility fee) will be available at the Lunt-Fontanne Theatre box office (205 West 46th Street) when it opens for that day's performance(s). Limited to two tickets per person, tickets are subject to availability. Cash and major credit cards are accepted.
Roald Dahl (1916-1990) was a spy, ace fighter-pilot, chocolate historian and medical inventor. He was also the author of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Matilda, The BFG and many more brilliant stories. He remains the World's No.1 storyteller.
Sitting in a hut at the bottom of his garden, surrounded by odd bits and pieces such as a suitcase (used as a footrest), his own hipbone (which he'd had replaced) and a heavy ball of metal foil (made from years' worth of chocolate wrappers), he went on to write some of the world's best-loved children's stories. His first children's story, James and the Giant Peach, was published in 1961, was a hit and every subsequent book became the best- seller.
Today, his stories are available in 58 languages and, by a conservative estimate, he has sold more than 250 million books. Many of these stories have also been adapted for stage and screen, including the 1971 film classic Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, Wes Anderson's acclaimed Fantastic Mr Fox, the multi-award winning Matilda The Musical from the RSC with music by Tim Minchin, and Steven Spielberg's blockbuster The BFG. The latest adaptation is Charlie and the Chocolate Factory the Musical which opened on Broadway in April 2017 following three Golden years on London's West End.
Related Articles
More Hot Stories For You
Documents Pried Out Of DOJ's Hands Confirm Stingray Devices Can Be Used To Intercept Communications
from the but-we-never-use-them-that-way!-never?-well...-hardly-ever! dept
Something long-believed but short of official documentation has now been confirmed: Stingray devices can intercept phone calls.
[N]ewly released documents confirm long-held suspicions that the controversial devices are also capable of recording numbers for a mobile phone's incoming and outgoing calls, as well as intercepting the content of voice and text communications. The documents also discuss the possibility of flashing a phone's firmware “so that you can intercept conversations using a suspect's cell phone as a bug.”
The information appears in a 2008 guideline prepared by the Justice Department to advise law enforcement agents on when and how the equipment can be legally used.
111. Invocation of 18 U.S.C. 2702(c)(4) to receive prospective cell site: Reliance on this provision to allow repeated, perspective collection of cell site data may be problematic. Judicious use of this provision is advised. Advise the field that the more prudent course of action is to obtain a search warrant under Rule 41 for repeated disclosures of prospective cell site information because Rule 41 has prospective effect.
Obtain the following, relevant facts: 1) circumstances giving rise to the emergency situation; 2) who, if known, is using the target phone/facility/location; 3) how the target phone/facility/location was identified; 4) when the phone/facility/location was last known to be used; 5) most recent criminal activity; and 6) basis for belief that phone/facility/location will be used for communications concerning the crime, i.e. what evidence is there that the perpetrator is acting in concert with others -- what communications will be obtained.
Digital analyzers/cell site simulators/triggerfish and similar devices may be capable of intercepting the contents of communications and, therefore, such devices must be configured to disable the interception function, unless interceptions have been authorized by a Title III order.
The closest we've come to official confirmation of this capability is the DOJ's 2015 "official guidance" on Stingray warrant requirements, which noted that all devices must comply with the pen register requirements, which means the interception of phone numbers. Any device used by agencies under its control must not use them for the interception of communications.It also would suggest they're not allowed to use them to obtain cell site location data, as that information can't be obtained with pen register orders. The documents obtained by the ACLU (after a protracted legal battle) clarify this in the opening pages.The document also handily suggests that a good way to get around pen register limitations and/or warrant requirements is to just ask the service provider for the data ("..."). Anything handed over voluntarily apparently doesn't implicate the Fourth Amendment, even though the location data was generated by the person with the phone, rather than autonomously by the cell phone provider. But that's the Third Party Doctrine for you.Following that are instructions for "Emergency Wiretap Orders," which directly mentions utilizing IMSI catchers to intercept communications.More confirmation here, in wording that is echoed by the DOJ's 2015 cell tower spoofer guidance:And for those of you who'd like to play along at home, several of the pages can be printed out and used for your own game of Stingray court order Mad Libs.You won't have to read all the way to the end, though. Most of the interesting stuff happens in the first few pages, but in true bureaucratic fashion, the bulk of the 71 pages is made up of duplicated responsive documents.These documents, of course, only deal with the DOJ and its agencies. Whatever's being issued as guidance here doesn't necessarily carry over to local law enforcement agencies using these devices. Considering the intense secrecy surrounding IMSI catchers, it's safe to say they've been deployed to collect communications without a warrant (or at least a warrant that directly refers to the device and its intended use), and we do know they've been using them as ad hoc tracking devices by grabbing cell site location data. When the lid finally comes off entirely, I'm sure we'll see a great number of constitutional violations tracing back to IMSI catchers.
Filed Under: doj, fake mobile towers, imsi catchers, stingray, surveillance
Japanese meal in a traditional inn
Oryoki meal in a Japanese Zen monastery
The Indians have done a fairly decent job of beefing up the heart of their order so far this offseason. The additions of Mark Reynolds and Nick Swisher to go along with Carlos Santana, Jason Kipnis, and even Lonnie Chisenhall should make for an intimidating lineup. After all, there's is a lot of power potential contained within those bats.
Unfortunately, one pivotal question still remains. With the recent trade of Shin-Soo Choo there is a glaring hole at the top of the lineup that the team has yet to address. Who is going to bat lead-off for this team?
There are any number of candidates to choose from that are already on the roster, so that much is good. However, that doesn't necessarily mean that any of them are acceptable options. Unless Willie Mays Hayes or Kenny Lofton comes walking through the door in Spring Training it's going to be a struggle to find an internal option who can be the table setter that every competitive team needs.
You could make the case that the role of a leadoff hitter is an outdated idea. There is only one guaranteed at-bat per game in which a leadoff hitter is guaranteed to lead off, so why waste everyone's time and effort trying to fill the position? Couldn't a balanced lineup achieve the same overall effectiveness? Shin-Soo Choo was a more than capable leadoff hitter and yet the Indians struggled to score runs and the offense essentially fell apart by mid-July. All are valid points, but the fact remains that every team needs that one guy hitting before the heart of the order that can get on base, wreak some havoc, and guarantee that the power bats in the lineup get opportunities to drive in runs. You know, the job that they're being paid to do.
So who bats leadoff? Here are the contenders for the title and their qualifications, or lack thereof.
1. Michael Brantley : Let's just put this out there. If we're being honest with ourselves, there is a very stereotypical reason why Brantley is constantly mentioned as the lead-off hitter: he has some speed, he's the center fielder, and he's African-American. Basically, Brantley fits the stereotype of any leadoff hitter in any movie ever made. The problem is he hasn't been very good in that role. When penciled in as the first hitter in the order, Brantley is batting .267 with an OBP of .314. Not exactly awful. However, when you break it down further Brantley is only batting .234/.280 leading off an inning regardless of where he hits in the lineup and .213/.251 when leading off the game. In all honesty, batting leadoff is not something he's particularly good at. It also doesn't make much sense considering how he flourished in the middle of the order last season.
: Let's just put this out there. If we're being honest with ourselves, there is a very stereotypical reason why Brantley is constantly mentioned as the lead-off hitter: he has some speed, he's the center fielder, and he's African-American. Basically, Brantley fits the stereotype of any leadoff hitter in any movie ever made. The problem is he hasn't been very good in that role. When penciled in as the first hitter in the order, Brantley is batting .267 with an OBP of .314. Not exactly awful. However, when you break it down further Brantley is only batting .234/.280 leading off an inning regardless of where he hits in the lineup and .213/.251 when leading off the game. In all honesty, batting leadoff is not something he's particularly good at. It also doesn't make much sense considering how he flourished in the middle of the order last season. 2. Drew Stubbs : As far as popular opinion goes, Stubbs would seem to be the front runner to bat leadoff this season. Many believe he was acquired solely for that purpose thanks in large part to his abundance of speed and basestealing prowess. The problem lies in Stubbs' inability to get on base at an above-average rate, especially in 2012 when he batted a lowly .213 with an OBP of .277. However, he does appear to be a better option than Brantley based on the OBP of his career splits. As the first batter in the lineup, Stubbs is a career .243/.320. When leading of an inning, regardless of his spot in the order, Stubbs bats .255/.307. When leading off the game, Stubbs is at .218/.291 for his career. Again, these numbers aren't mind boggling, but they are better than Brantley in terms of purely getting on base.
: As far as popular opinion goes, Stubbs would seem to be the front runner to bat leadoff this season. Many believe he was acquired solely for that purpose thanks in large part to his abundance of speed and basestealing prowess. The problem lies in Stubbs' inability to get on base at an above-average rate, especially in 2012 when he batted a lowly .213 with an OBP of .277. However, he does appear to be a better option than Brantley based on the OBP of his career splits. As the first batter in the lineup, Stubbs is a career .243/.320. When leading of an inning, regardless of his spot in the order, Stubbs bats .255/.307. When leading off the game, Stubbs is at .218/.291 for his career. Again, these numbers aren't mind boggling, but they are better than Brantley in terms of purely getting on base. 3. Jason Kipnis: Kipnis is an intriguing option for whom my collegue Steve Kinsella has been petitioning for some time. On the surface, his career OBP of .335 exceeds Brantley's .329 and Stubbs' .312. However, as I have mentioned previously, he flourishes in situations with runners on base and flounders in situations with no one on. He bats .273/.364 and .251/.314, respectively, in those situations. With the Indians looking for ways to drive in runs is it worth removing Kipnis' bat from the middle of the order. Kipnis' numbers are better than either Brantley or Stubbs when it comes to his position in the batting order. When leading off a game, albeit with a limited sample size, Kipnis is batting .471/.571. When leading off an inning, regardless of his position in the order, he is batting .263/.356. Unfortunately, as the first batter in the lineup Kipnis' career numbers are an abysmal .202/.281.
4. Mike Aviles : Many may not consider Aviles to be a candidate to bat leadoff, but he spent a considerable amount of time doing so for the Red Sox in 2012. He started off well, but as the season wore on Aviles' numbers crashed down to earth along with the Red Sox' playoff aspirations. Aviles would be a justifiable option with a .277 career batting average and .307 OBP. He's about on prr with Brantely and Stubbs in regards to his situational stats. When penciled in at the top of the order, Aviles has batted a solid .292/.320. When leading off an inning, regardless of where he bats in the order, Aviles has done about the same with a .288/.317 clip. Finally, when leading off the game, Aviles' number dip a bit more drastically. In that situation, Aviles is .260/.296 for his career.
: Many may not consider Aviles to be a candidate to bat leadoff, but he spent a considerable amount of time doing so for the Red Sox in 2012. He started off well, but as the season wore on Aviles' numbers crashed down to earth along with the Red Sox' playoff aspirations. Aviles would be a justifiable option with a .277 career batting average and .307 OBP. He's about on prr with Brantely and Stubbs in regards to his situational stats. When penciled in at the top of the order, Aviles has batted a solid .292/.320. When leading off an inning, regardless of where he bats in the order, Aviles has done about the same with a .288/.317 clip. Finally, when leading off the game, Aviles' number dip a bit more drastically. In that situation, Aviles is .260/.296 for his career. 5. Michael Bourn: Bourn is the lone remaining contender for this spot from outside of the organization. While the Indians have made no indication of having an interest in Bourn, he is widely regarded as the top leadoff hitter left on the market. His combination of speed and ability to make contact has made him a legit threat at the top of the lineup. But would he be worth the investment? For his career, Michael Bourn is batting .272 with an OBP of .339. Hitting out of the top spot in the lineup, Bourn has hit .270/.339. When leading off an inning, regardless of where he may be hitting in the lineup, Bourn is even better with a .296/.359 clip. When leading off the game, Bourn is even better than that, hitting .294/.367.
Here's a chart to help sum that all up.
So what does this all mean? For now, it looks as if the Indians' best option for the leadoff spot as of today is Jason Kipnis. He has the best combination of speed, average, and on-base ability out of anyone on the current roster. Also, his previous success batting in the top spot in the order gives him the edge, at least in my book, until he proves otherwise. The additions of Reynolds and Swisher to the middle of the order also make it easier to move Kipnis up into the top spot without losing much in terms of power potential.
Is it an absolute perfect match made in baseball heaven? No, but unless the Indians decide to get really bold and ink Michael Bourn to a one-year deal Kipnis is probably the best they have. The only question is whether Terry Francona will be willing to ignore the typical leadoff hitter stereotypes and put the right player in the position to succeed. That, folks, remains to be seen.
Who should lead off for the Indians in 2013? Michael Brantley (35%, 42 Votes)
Drew Stubbs (24%, 29 Votes)
Jason Kipnis (23%, 28 Votes)
Someone else from outside the organization (14%, 17 Votes)
Someone else from within the organization (4%, 5 Votes) Total Voters: 121
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Carlo Ancelotti has claimed Arsenal and Manchester United are more motivated by making money than punishing coaches for not winning trophies.
The former Chelsea boss is now at Bayern Munich and will face the Gunners in the last 16 of the Champions League in February.
Arsenal are in the knockout stages for the 17th consecutive seasons but have never won the trophy – and Arsene Wenger has not lifted the Premier League title since 2004.
American Stan Kroenke is the majority shareholder while the Glazer family own Manchester United.
Ancelotti, who was sacked at Real Madrid the season after winning their 10th Champions League title, said: “I was fortunate to be able to coach Real Madrid, although then the club decided to change managers. That is part of the job, we are exposed to that.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"In the big clubs it is difficult to stay a long time because the expectations of results are so high. Madrid's history and demands mean that if a coach doesn't win trophies, a change is made. You have to respect that.
"It's true that there are other clubs like Manchester United, where [Alex] Ferguson was there many years, and now Wenger at Arsenal.
"These cases are different, as their owners are from the US and they are more interested in the financial aspect than in who is coach.”
Bayern Munich lost in the Champions League semi-finals in the last three seasons under Pep Guardiola. And among his picks for this year's title, the Italian does not include Arsenal.
(Image: Reuters)
‘We're hoping to win it and if not, at least get to the final,” Ancelotti said. “I can't say I'm backing anyone else. There are seven sides this year who can win the trophy: Real Madrid, Barcelona, Atlético Madrid, Manchester City, Paris Saint-Germain, Juventus and Bayern Munich. At the moment, all seven are among the 16 best.”
“It's true that there are other clubs like Manchester United, where [Alex] Ferguson was there many years, and now Wenger at Arsenal. These cases are different, as their owners are from the US and they are more interested in the financial aspect than in who is coach.”
It is not the first time Ancelotti has hit out at Kroenke, who he previously described as “not so passionate” about how the team did in terms of trophies.
On the north wall of the burial chamber of a tomb known as KV-62, in Egypt's Valley of the Kings, there is a mural in which a dead pharaoh is depicted with a living one, who is performing a ceremony known as the Opening of the Mouth, meant to revive the pharaoh in the afterlife. The pharaohs' names are painted in cartouches above the images—they are Tutankhamun, who reigned from about 1332 to 1323 B.C., and his successor, Ay. Tut was laid to rest in a sarcophagus placed in a gold-masked coffin next to the mural. (Ay, whose brief reign brought about the effective end of the eighteenth dynasty, is elsewhere.) But, last week, Nicholas Reeves, an Egyptologist at the University of Arizona, published a paper arguing that the north wall is, in more than one sense, false. Reeves believes that it is a blind, hiding a secret chamber, and that the painting on it was altered in ancient times to tell a lie about whose tomb this really is. There is, he writes, “powerful evidence that the original owner of Tutankhamun's tomb had in fact been a royal woman.” He thinks that he knows which one: Nefertiti, and he suspects that her body is still lying behind the wall.
"The reason I come to Nefertiti is not by chance,” Reeves told me by phone from the United Kingdom. The tomb of Nefertiti, who is known throughout the world on account of the transfixingly beautiful sculpture of her head in the Egyptian Museum in Berlin, has never been found, despite some embarrassingly hyped claims. Reeves says that he discovered its location on a computer screen. A few years ago, Factum Arte, a Spanish architectural design firm, took ultra-high-resolution scans of its every surface of Tutankhamun's tomb, as part of a project to build a facsimile of the space for tourists, and put them online. You can see each flake of paint—more clearly, really, than if you stood inches away. You can also view it in pure black and white, without distracting colors. Reeves stared at the scans for months. He became convinced that he saw the outlines of two doors—“ghosts” emerging from the plaster, which had previously been believed to hide only bare stone. One outline, in the west wall—“very neat and tidy, a nice little doorway"—was the same size as and located symmetrically in relation to a known door in the tomb, which seemed too much to ascribe to coincidence. The other was in the painted north wall. (If you look hard, you can see them, which may be a testament to suggestibility, or to our capacity to miss the obvious.)
The door in the north wall, Reeves believes, leads to Nefertiti's burial chamber, and the other to a storeroom, possibly holding treasures. He offers, in support of this theory, evidence drawn from what is known about tomb architecture, iconography, stratigraphy, and contemporary records. But he also relies on—and this is the most intriguing, and most problematic, part of Reeves's theory—on ideas about dynastic politics, gender confusion, power, and what it would have meant for a woman, in Egypt, to be not just a queen but a pharaoh.
There are oddities about Tutankhamun's tomb that Reeves's new theory would explain. In 1922, when Howard Carter first descended the stairway to the tomb, the set-up did not, to him, seem very kingly. The first room, though crowded with fine things, was small, and the tomb's orientation was odd—to the right of the stairs, not to the left, as it was more often the case with pharaohs of that time. Some side rooms, normally placed in a symmetrical array, seemed to be missing. “The unfamiliar plan of [the] tomb repeatedly caused us to ask ourselves in our perplexity whether it was really a tomb or a Royal Cache?” Carter wrote in his journal. But the goods in the room were excellent, and many of them were marked with the name Tutankhamun. “The mystery gradually dawned upon us,” Carter wrote. “We had found that monarch's burial place.” Carter was convinced, even before he opened the sealed door leading to what his team registered as the “final” chamber, housing the sarcophagus. The tomb belonged to Tutankhamun, “in all his magnificent panoply of death.”
And yet even as various lords, Egyptian officials, and the Princess of Abyssinia rushed to the valley to witness the discovery, Carter couldn't shake the sense that something was off. He and his colleagues noted insets of vultures put in backward ("the tails w[h]ere the heads should be”) and shrines oriented the wrong way. The whole thing still struck him as “semi-royal … In fact in plan & size what might be termed demi-royal.” Or, perhaps, co-royal. Carter and others since have offered an explanation that does not involve secret rooms: Tutankhamun died young, and unexpectedly, at a time of political chaos. There wasn't time for something better. Still, the revised floor plan Reeves proposes would have made more sense to Carter. Whether there are rooms behind the walls is one question, and should be fairly easy to resolve, with ground-penetrating radar equipment. Indeed, given the evidence that Reeves has assembled, it would be madness for the Egyptian antiquities authorities not to at least check. (On Friday, the Luxor_ Times_ reported, the minister of antiquities said that the ministry would conduct studies to examine the theory.) What or who might be in those rooms is another question, and involves, as Reeves is the first to concede, more degrees of speculation. "There's a lot of ‘I think' in this article, I'm afraid," he said.
Why would Nefertiti, of all people, be in King Tut's tomb? Or, to state Reeves's thesis more correctly, why would he be in hers? They were part of the same family, and also part of an extraordinary attempt on the part of Pharaoh Akhenaten—Nefertiti's husband and almost certainly Tutankhamun's father—to turn Egypt into a monotheocracy, built around the worship of a single God, Aten, the sun. Akhenaten and Nefertiti moved their court from Thebes to Amarna; the period of religious upheaval he instigated is known as the Amarna interlude, or the Amarna heresy. Depictions of the family in the art of this time look like something from a nineteen-sixties commune, with Akhenaten, with his distinctive elongated features, Nefertiti, and their daughters (there were likely six, though counts vary) turned toward the divine sun, which is represented as a disc with rays that end in hands holding ankhs, like some Egyptological octopus; a boy, then called Tutankhaten, younger than most of the girls, eventually joins them.
Completing the vibe, no one is quite sure who Tut's mother was. Recent DNA tests suggest she was a full sister of his father, Akhenaten, but there are disputes about that, because of the age of the mummies, the possibility of cross-contamination, and the way that royal incest blurs genetic profiles. One counter-theory is that Nefertiti was his mother, and that she and Akhenaten, though not siblings, appeared to be so in the DNA tests because they were the product of generations of cousin-marriage. (Reeves is agnostic on this point; he was frustrated, though, with the headlines referring to Nefertiti as “Tut's Mom.”) Other theories hold that the mother was a woman named Kiya, or even Meketaten, one of the six princesses—that is, that Akhenaten had a child with his daughter. His father, Amenhotep III, had married one and perhaps two of his daughters; this family pushed borders, even by pharaonic standards.
All the sunshine is deceptive: this was a time of intense conflict, as one might imagine when a ruler forcibly casts a popular religion aside. If you look at the edges of the royal scenes from Amarna, Reeves said, “there are all these rows of running soldiers, all carrying billy clubs." It begins to sound less like Woodstock, and more like Pyongyang. (Reeves: “It was a really scary period to live.”) The end appears to have been slow and ugly. The inscriptions that date to the last years of Akhenaten's life include two new names, Neferneferuaten and Smenkhkare, with titles that would normally belong to someone who is a co-regent or, in inscriptions immediately after Akhenaten's death, a pharaoh. After what seems to have been a brief power struggle, Tutankhaten, who was eight or nine, was put on the throne. He married another of the princesses, his probable half sister Ankhesenpaaten (who may have previously had a child with her father). He was prevailed upon to restore the old gods. He changed his name to Tutankhamun. Later generations of Egyptians referred to Akhenaten as “the criminal.”
Very little is known about Tutankhamun's predecessors, Neferneferuaten and Smenkhkare, or, rather, there is no agreement on anything about them—or him, or her. For a long time, they were assumed to be male, because they clearly wielded political power, and the question was whether they were one man, who changed his name when he became pharaoh, or two. But the epithets associated with Neferneferuaten, it gradually became clear, indicated that she was a woman—likely Nefertiti or one of her daughters. Where that left Smenkhkare is a trickier question. The evidence is confusing enough to accommodate theories that Smenkhkare was Akhenaten's brother, son, son-in-law, gay lover, or wife. Again, given the level of incest in Egyptian royal families, more than one of these could be true. Reeves is of the school of thought (a minority one) that both Neferneferuaten and Smenkhkare are one person and that this person is Nefertiti. She took the name Smenkhkare, he believes, when, finding herself the “last man standing” in the family, she succeeded her husband as pharaoh.
One stumbling block in the Nefertiti-as-Smenkhkare theory is that Smenkhare is believed to have had a Great Royal Wife: Meritaten, another of the six princesses. And, indeed, Reeves believes that Nefertiti ritualistically made her daughter her wife, to fulfill an important ceremonial role. (“It doesn't mean that they were sleeping with each other.") Perhaps this should not be more disconcerting than Akhenaten's marrying one of them, but it is still surprising. But it has always been the case that to think about Amarna is to think about extremism, and where it leads.
To recap, Reeves's argument goes like this: in the hurried days after Tutankhamun's death, with no tomb yet quarried for him in the Valley of the Kings, what had been the antechambers to the tomb of his predecessor, Smenkhkare, were repurposed as the main chambers of his tomb. Smenkhkare was Nefertiti. Thus, this is Nefertiti's tomb. Tutankhamun, in effect, has been sleeping on the couch in his mother-in-law's living room.
"Nefertiti was loathed and hated, I'm sure,” Reeves said. “But she was still pharaoh.”
This is where the painting of the dead and living pharaohs on the north wall becomes, for Reeves, a key to it all. All four walls in the room have decorations painted on a backdrop of yellow—it is known as the “House of Gold.” But a recent study by scholars at the Getty Conservation Institute found that the north wall is different: the human figures have proportions indicating an earlier artistic period, and the layers of paint and plaster do not match the other three walls; its background was once white. And there is something very strange about the portraits that are supposedly of Ay (seen below, on the left) Tutankhamun (right):[#image: /photos/59096fc81c7a8e33fb38e9d6]
Ay was a court official, not a member of the royal family, though he may have been Akhenaten's maternal uncle or Nefertiti's father (or both). He seized power thanks to the political and genetic collapse of the main branch of the family. He was, by all accounts, elderly by Egyptian standards. And yet in the painting on the north wall, Tutankhamun, the dead teen-ager, has an aged face, and Ay, the old man, looks like a teen-ager, with a leopard skin draped over his bare chest. The discrepancy has been explained in the past as regal vanity. Reeves, though, argues that the figure labelled Tutankhamun is actually Nefertiti—that she is the dead Pharaoh being prepared for the underworld. As evidence, he points to the lines at the corner of the figure's mouth, which are something of a trademark in pictures of Nefertiti. The one labelled Ay is actually Tutankhamun; here, the tell-tale sign for Reeves is that “Ay” has the same double-chin one sees in portraits of Tut—“It's the face of a child, an Amarna child," he told me. The original hieroglyphics properly identifying them were, he believes, painted over, erasing Nefertiti's reign.
The mural on the north wall raises another set of questions: if a radar does show a void behind it, what then? “You can't sacrifice those paintings," Reeves said. Instead, he believes there needs to be a careful discussion about how to learn as much as possible from a space that has been sealed for more than three thousand years (“Can we get samples of the air?"), while causing the least harm. Perhaps there would be a way to tunnel around. “We shouldn't thoughtlessly break through, the way Carter did,” he said.
In November, 1922, when Carter entered the first room, he was joined by the Earl of Carnarvon, his financial backer. Carnarvon, who died of pneumonia a few months later, wrote to a friend, Sir Alan Gardiner, describing the tomb's contents—wood statues (“wonderful”), inlaid chairs (“marvellous”), clothing ("rotten but gorgeous”). "Then there is a bricked up room which we have not yet opened,” he wrote. "Probably containing the mummies I should not be surprised to find therein Tut & his wife & Smenkara & his, but so far it[']s all Tut.”
So far, it still is. But the most useful thing about Reeves's theory may be the way it forces one to really look at the images. Is that how Ay saw himself? Why would we assume, based on a queen's beauty, that she was loved? Does the final picture of Nefertiti, known now for little other than her looks, show her dressed as a man, wearing a Pharaoh's false beard? Who gets to be the Boy King?
Ontario's Ministry of Community Safety and Correctional Services has deemed Coun. Lloyd Ferguson's temporary appointment to Hamilton's Police Services Board unlawful.
The Police Services Board released a statement Monday morning, announcing it has postponed Monday's scheduled meeting because of the decision. City council voted last week to appoint the Ancaster councillor to the board that governs the Hamilton Police Service. Ferguson was set to serve in the interim during the suspension of Coun. Terry Whitehead, who is being investigated by the Ontario Civilian Police Commission on accused behavioral issues.
"The board has also been advised that the Ontario Civilian Police Commission is seeking a legal opinion on the temporary appointment," said Police Services Board Chair Nancy DiGregorio in a statement. "The board will reconvene the meeting once the commission has provided its opinion and direction to the board."
DiGregorio told CBC Hamilton that the Ministry saw Ferguson's appointment as unlawful because Whitehead is still technically a member of the board, even though he is suspended. The Ontario Civilian Police Commission has the final say on the matter, she says, and she's hoping to hear in the next couple of days what exactly the commission's direction will be.
"I definitely want to have this meeting sooner rather than later," DiGregorio said.
Ferguson's temporary appointment was reviewed by city solicitor Janice Atwood-Petkovski, who told CBC Hamilton she has not been given a specific reason by the ministry as to why the move was blocked.
"I'm not sure what the ministry's role is in interpreting the statute," Atwood-Petkovski said. "No one has said 'here, this is the contravention.'"
The Ministry of Community Safety and Correctional Services did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Atwood-Petkovski says council has the power to temporarily appoint someone to the board if another councillor is unable to act. "From a black and white legal approach, this applies," she said.
Ferguson told CBC Hamilton that he found the move puzzling, as well. "I don't know why correctional services is wading into this," he said. "I'm sitting on the sidelines ready and willing to serve."
Ferguson had said he wanted to improve the relationship between the two bodies. He had planned to sit down with chair Nancy DiGregorio and Chief Glenn De Caire for some "quiet dialogue," he said.
"You can't keep punching each other," Ferguson said.
The relationship strain began earlier this year during a disagreement over the police budget. The initial draft asked for a 5.25-per cent increase over the year before. At council's request, the service eventually trimmed it to a 3.53-per cent increase.
The board is comprised of three city appointees, three provincial appointees and Mayor Bob Bratina. The board is keeping mum on the reason for Whitehead's suspension, citing the ongoing investigation.
Whitehead speculates accusations against him include public arguments with De Caire and former board appointee Jim Kay, as well as throwing some papers on a desk during a meeting and his candour with the media.
For now, he's just awaiting the results of the investigation.
"Basically under the legislation, when a probe is initiated, the individual that is the subject of that probe has to step aside from his responsibilities until the probe is concluded," he said.
Council narrowly passed a resolution Wednesday asking the province for either total control to appoint the board or for council to govern the service.
(Thinkstock, modified by Yahoo Tech)
I am an iTunes dork.
I have well over 15,000 songs in my iTunes library, and I have rated every single one via iTunes' one-to-five-star system. I have meticulously tagged every song in my collection according to genre and other data points.
I go song by song deciding what, for example, is funk, alternative, R&B, or avant garde — according to my own criteria. I differentiate between jazz and jazz with vocals. I invent genres that make sense only to me: swingy, modern, classique, atmospheric. I distinguish between rock and “moderate rock” according to my own taste. I use the term “lo fi” to signal something that has nothing to do with how rock critics use the phrase.
And I chuckle at artists who labeled their music “Unclassifiable.” Oh, really? Watch this!
More than a decade ago, iTunes turned one of my passionate hobbies (listening to music) into something that looks an awful lot like work.
And I love it.
I love it even though more and more of us are switching from downloading to streaming, embracing services from Pandora to Spotify to SoundCloud. While we still spend more on music downloads, the latest figures from the Recording Industry Association of America reinforce the trend — streaming revenue is up 28 percent over the past six months, while download revenue has fallen 12 percent.
I love it even though I've drifted toward the streaming stream myself, without ever giving it much thought. After all, there are plenty of free (ad-supported), easy-to-use services with impressive music catalogs. And over the years, iTunes has become an increasingly bloated and irritating piece of software, overloaded with features nobody asked for.
Despite all of this, I remain an iTunes dork. And I am not ashamed of my iTunes dorkhood.
I repeat: I am an iTunes dork. And I love it.
Changing the tunes
If the shift toward streaming music — instead of owning it — continues, it will be the third such transition I've endured.
As a young music fan, I resisted the move from vinyl to compact disc largely for economic reasons: Pricier CDs severely tested my budget and didn't sound that much better to my ears.
Of course I eventually capitulated. And when the digital download arrived on the scene, I was all in. Hopefully I won't get in trouble for admitting now that I was a happy user of the original Napster, and a LimeWire enthusiast after that. More to the point, I was thrilled when, in 2003, Apple introduced iTunes, which was profoundly superior to other desktop digital music players of that era, the names of which I can't even remember.
There were a bunch of reasons for this, but here's the biggie, in one word and image: metadata.
iTunes screenshot More
When iTunes first appeared, I scrolled through my library, inventing genres, applying tags. When I realized the Comments field could be used to tag songs that fit more than one genre, and that the Grouping field offered still further possibilities … well, many hours were lost.
For a certain kind of tech enthusiast — a dorky one — figuring out endless ways to build and tweak custom lists is another delightful time suck. Using those extra fields, I could add relevant metadata that had nothing to do with genre — adding an “@” to the Comments field of songs with offensive language, or “New Orleans” to the Grouping field of songs I associated with the city.
Story continues
The The Cardinal applauds the possibility of a Louisville-Notre Dame game in 2014. (Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images)
By Zac Ellis
Right on the heels of Thursday's news that Notre Dame and NBC have extended their television partnership through the 2025 season, reports have surfaced surrounding a potential big-time opponent for the Fighting Irish in 2014.
According to Brian Hamilton of the Chicago Tribune, Notre Dame is set to face off against Louisville during the 2014 season.
And, talking down-the-line schedules, #NBC exec Jon Miller mentioned that #NotreDame will play #Louisville in yet-to-be-released 2014 slate. — Brian Hamilton (@ChiTribHamilton) April 18, 2013
Louisville and Notre Dame are each coming off successful 2012 campaigns. The Irish reached the BCS national championship game for the first time since 1988, while the Cardinals upset heavily favored Florida in the Sugar Bowl. If both programs stay the course, their reported 2014 meeting could shape up as a Top 25 clash.
In related news, Louisville will officially be a member of the ACC for the first time in 2014, and the Cardinals are preparing for the facelift by installing new turf at Papa John's Cardinal Stadium. Louisville sports information director Rocco Gasparro tweeted a picture of the turf's proposed design on Thursday.
Papa John's Cardinal Stadium is getting a new FieldTurf surface for the 2013 season. Here is the new field design twitpic.com/ck9nun — Rocco_GasparroULFB (@Rocco_Gasparro) April 18, 2013
Dynamically change font size in Emacs
I take my Emacs configuration with me on every computer I use. I also plug a big external display —and the awesome Das Keyboard 4 Ultimate— during long coding sessions, so it is only natural that I have to tailor my setup to accommodate different font sizes.
Being the customizable editor that Emacs is, it wasn't hard to devise a neat trick to please my needs.
First, a simple function to set the default fonts.
( defun mu-setup-main-fonts ( default-height variable-pitch-height ) "Set up default fonts. Use DEFAULT-HEIGHT for default face and VARIABLE-PITCH-HEIGHT for variable-pitch face." ( set-face-attribute 'default nil :family "Source Code Pro" :height default-height ) ( set-face-attribute 'variable-pitch nil :family "Fira Sans" :height variable-pitch-height :weight 'regular ))
Now I just have to call this function with the proper values for :height according to the screen size.
( when window-system ( if ( > ( x-display-pixel-width ) 1800 ) ( mu-setup-main-fonts 150 160 ) ( mu-setup-main-fonts 130 140 )))
With Donald Trump's help, Republicans are laying claim again to the mantle of family values. For those who've been concerned that the GOP's preference for deporting undocumented immigrants might separate parents from their U.S.-citizen children, Trump has devised a family-friendly solution: He'd deport the children, too, their citizenship be damned (more precisely, if Trump gets his way, revoked).
Trump's testament to familial bonds has lit a spark with his peers. Since he unveiled his plan this week, other Republican hopefuls have scurried to support its fuzzy particulars. Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, Sen. Lindsey Graham (S.C.) and former senator Rick Santorum (Pa.) also have called for an end to birthright citizenship. On Monday, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker gave what sounded like provisional, or maybe just confused, assent to Trump's call to end bestowing citizenship on those born here to an undocumented parent, telling a reporter, “I think that's something we should — yeah, absolutely, going forward.”
Walker also endorsed erecting Trump's border wall, noting that the wall separating Israelis and Palestinians on the West Bank has proved itself a success. Walker's big on uncovering otherwise obscure Middle Eastern parallels to American issues: Having already suggested that the mettle he showed in vanquishing Wisconsin school teachers is proof he'd be able to vanquish the Islamic State, he now seems to believe that U.S.-Mexican relations, like Israeli-Palestinian ones, are best addressed by a Netanyahu-like belligerence toward the Mexicans. Trump is not the only Republican hopeful who talks faster than he thinks.
A fish, the Yiddish proverb tells us, stinks from the head, but the Republican position on immigration stinks from the base. In calling for walls and mass deportations, GOP presidential candidates are telling tea party militants what they want to hear. CNN's polling this week not only showed Trump well ahead of the rest of the field with the backing of 24 percent of GOP voters; it also showed that 44 percent of Republicans trusted Trump on immigration more than any of his rivals . Former Florida governor Jeb Bush, who's no fan of either walls or mass deportation, was the second most trusted, but with only 12 percent support.
The anti-immigrant animus that fuels the Republican right finds scant support anyplace else on the political spectrum. In a Gallup Poll released last week, 65 percent of Americans favored letting undocumented immigrants remain in the United States with the right to become citizens if they met certain criteria, while just 19 percent wanted to deport them. A bare majority of Republicans — 50 percent — favored the citizenship option, but these are not the Republicans driving the party's debate.
Two arguments fuel Trump and the tea party's nativist rants. The first, that Mexicans are disproportionately criminals and, as Trump put it, rapists, is massively belied by the falling crime rates in the cities that immigrants have transformed over the past two decades. The second, that immigrants are the cause of declining wages for U.S. workers, may be true for some of the native-born in the lowest-skilled jobs, but the erosion of the middle class is much more the result of the offshoring of manufacturing, the destruction of unions and the growing power of major investors at workers' expense.
In his immigration plan Trump called for seizing the remittances that undocumented immigrants send to their families (how the government will be able to distinguish them from the remittances from documented immigrants and everyone else, Trump didn't say). But the resources flowing to distant lands that have really hurt U.S. workers come not from immigrants but from corporations and banks that invest abroad in the production of goods that are sold here at home.
Trump's concern for Americans' declining incomes goes only so far. When NBC's Chuck Todd tried to pin him down on what he thought constituted a living wage, Trump replied, “I want to keep the minimum wage pretty much where it is right now” since “I want to compete with the rest of the world.” Of course, once Trump deports those low-wage immigrants, they'll just become part of that “rest of the world” that he says holds wages down. Still, with his support for tariffs and the like, you might think his protectionism would lead him to back higher wage standards at home. Otherwise, most of the additional income from increased domestic production would flow to big-time investors like his buddy Carl Icahn. Trump wouldn't support that, would he?
Erecting Trump's wall won't complete the nativists' public works projects. The Republican Right's mission won't really be done until it tears down the Statue of Liberty. A beacon to immigrants, tired and poor, the single greatest emblem of American exceptionalism — what a waste of prime real estate! Imagine the profits if another Trump Tower rose in its place.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
My hope is that no Starbucks barista anywhere dares write “Race Together” on anyone's latte and decides to have a “conversation about race” with customers who simply wanted to pay too much for a cup of coffee. Not only is it extra work for which employees are not being compensated, my gut tells me these conversations will go down with as much awkwardness and anger as the 1975 Saturday Night Live “Word Association” sketch with Chevy Chase and Richard Pryor, “in which tensions rise as racial slurs are exchanged, boiling over when Chase drops the infamous N-word and Pryor responses with a death threat.” Ad Policy
However, if there is a barista out there just dying to take part in their CEO's new campaign, I hope they choose only white people to “Race Together” with, and I hope they ask only one question: Where in America are black people safe from racism?
At home? In the street? In their cars? Public transportation? At work? Where in America are black people safe from racism?
Nowhere. The answer is nowhere. I know this, but maybe it's time white people were confronted with the question head on and made to consider the answer. And when they're asked, possibly while nervously sipping their caramel macchiato, the barista should play this video of the arrest of University of Virginia student Martese Johnson and ask, “Should black people at least be safe at school? Can they be granted that much?”
Johnson was arrested outside of a bar he allegedly attempted to enter using a fake ID. He's been charged with “resisting arrest, obstructing justice without threats of force, and profane swearing or intoxication in public.” According to an e-mail sent by a group of, as Jezebel describes them, concerned black students at UVA, the incident unfolded as follows:
After Martese was denied entry to the bar, he found himself suddenly flung to the ground. The brutish force used resulted in his head and bodily injuries. His treatment was unprovoked as he did not resist questioning or arrest. In confusion, with blood painting his face and creating a pool on the bricks of the corner, he yelled out for mercy. Though he lay bleeding and crying out, officers continued to hold him to the pavement, pinning him down, twisting his arm, with knees to his back until he was handcuffed.
According to The Cavalier Daily, the University of Virginia student newspaper, the arrest record says Johnson “was very agitated and belligerent but [has] no previous criminal history.” After customer and barista watch the video together, the barista should ask, “Did Martese have reason to be ‘agitated and belligerent,' having his body thrown to the ground, his face bloodied, because he tried to do something college students everywhere do?”
And if things haven't gotten too tense at this point, they should then start talking about how Johnson's exemplary credentials as a student have been mentioned throughout media reports about the incident, and ask this question: Does all that make a difference? If he weren't an honor student, would he have deserved this treatment? Attending a prestigious university didn't protect him from American racism, so why should his grades or student leadership? When will we reckon with the fact that there is no level of respectability a black person can reach that will distance them from racism, violent or otherwise?
This shouldn't be a one-sided lecture on the part of the barista. The white person who's likely to have gulped down everything in their cup including the foam should have to answer. White people everywhere should ask themselves this question daily. Where in America are black people safe from racism? They should have to answer honestly. Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz, if he's really dedicated to this conversation, should kick it off. Then maybe I'll entertain the idea of us being in this “race together.”
Sergio Garcia has had an eventful weekend at TPC Sawgrass, calling out Tiger in public and spending most of two days at the top of the leaderboard. The drama with Tiger will continue, but his stay at the top came to an abrupt end at the famous par-3 17th hole at the Stadium Course.
Coming off a birdie at the par-5 16th, Sergio strolled to the 17th tee in a tie for first with Tiger. The door was opened by Woods earlier when he yanked his tee shot into the water down the fairway at No. 14, but Sergio matched, and then exceeded him at No. 17.
Garcia took aim at the traditional far-right Sunday pin location and his title hopes came undone. Sergio's first tee shot was well short of the island green and dropped right in the water in front of the bunker protecting that side of the green.
After the first one, Sergio still theoretically had a chance to go bogey-birdie coming in and hope Tiger dropped a shot on the last. Moments later, he opted to take his second shot from the tee as opposed to the drop area and this time just landed it on the front of the island. But the ball cruelly rolled back onto the wood beams that line the edge of the island and fell back into the water. Just like that, it was all over for Sergio:
The back-to-back water balls, particularly that second one, provoked some loud cheers at the amphitheater setting on the 17th. Just for good measure, the former Players Champion decided to donate one more ball to the course on the 18th, pulling one into the large lake that lines the entire left side of the fairway.
Poor Sergio.
More on The Players
• Tiger, Sergio spar over distraction
• Tiger trails by 2 after rain-suspended 3rd round
• Head-to-head, Tiger owns Sergio
• John Daly's legal advice for Vijay Singh
• Some water ball stats on the island 17th green
All content featured on our charity site is produced by young volunteers with the support and mentoring of our professional production team.
Nick Clegg announces ‘gear shift' in state spending on infrastructure
The Deputy PM Nick Clegg has called for a ‘gear shift' to ensure state spending and infrastructure play their part in boosting Britain's ailing economy. With unemployment rising above 2.5m, female unemployment at its highest level in 23 years and almost a million young people out of work, Clegg is not wrong that the economic situation has ‘changed dramatically' for the worse in the past six months.
But this is no ‘U-turn' – capital spending will still be cut by 29 per cent – or the ‘plan B' the government's critics have called for. There is no new money being announced nor any spending being brought forward from later financial years, but the chief secretary to the Treasury, Danny Alexander, will be taking charge of already announced capital programmes. Alexander will ‘hand pick' 40 of the biggest infrastructure projects ‘important to growth' that will be given ‘special priority status'.
Andrew Porter for the Telegraph has said that the Deputy Prime Minister's statement is an echo of Barack Obama's plan to boost growth in the US through infrastructure spending. But Obama is calling for $140 billion for infrastructure spending. Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury Angela Eagle has the correct assessment of Clegg's speech: ‘His speech merely says Ministers will turn up for work and make sure those projects which haven't been cut are delivered on time.'
The Best Vaping Accessories in the Industry
At Vaporfi, we are committed to selling only the best quality products. It's also important to us that we provide a wide range of vape brands, products, and price points so that every customer can find the accessories that meet their preferences. With over 30 different premium brands, our vape accessories selection includes top names like Samsung, SMOK, Innokin, Vandy Vape, Sense, Cotton Bacon, and of course – our very own VaporFi brand.
Any and Every Accessory You Could Want
Whatever vape mod accessories you are in the market for, we have it – plus more!
Our selection of 18650 batteries includes high-quality, fairly priced batteries because we know that there's nothing worse than dealing with a dead battery when you thought you were going to enjoy a good time vaping. Purchasing good vape batteries is a simple thing that can easily improve your overall experience. We also offer a variety of vape battery chargers to make recharging simple.
Replacement coils are always a good thing to have on hand, and VaporFi offers brands like SMOK, Sense, iJoy, and more so that you can find a set that fits your needs. Another accessory to stock up on are drip tips, especially because they are known for providing the best vapor flavor. We have tips in a variety of stylish designs, all VaporFi originals. Choose from an artful glass drip tip, classic marble, or even a premium Teflon one.
Choosing the Perfect Accessory for You
We are confident that we carry items that are sure to be loved by every customer, but we do encourage customers to take the time to find the specific items that best fit their vaping preferences. Understanding that certain accessories are designed to provide a certain vaping experience is the first step towards finding your perfect match. There's no harm in trying a few different accessories in person, experimenting a bit to get a feel for what you like.
Also, you should always feel comfortable asking our staff any questions you may have. We can help guide you towards a product that you love, and help you narrow down options if needed so you can the best vaping experience with the best vape products available.
The VaporFi Difference
Purchasing from VaporFi means adding one or more high-quality accessories to your collection, without needing to worry that you'll end up with a cheaply made product that fails to perform. Plus, with our 30-day money-back guarantee, there is zero risk in trying new products – if you don't like it, you can always count on a refund. Browse our selection of vape accessories today and learn more about why VaporFi is the company you can trust.
Of all the inane questions asked on media day, this one, which attempted to pin the sins of all strip-club loving athletes upon Richard Sherman, won the prize. And of all the answers to those inane questions, Sherman's deflection was tops, second only to the actual deflection he made to help his Seattle Seahawks make the Super Bowl.
Question: “As far as money is concerned, all of you football guys has gone into the strip clubs and are raining [money] down on the strippers. I think that's a bad example for our young ladies. How can we stop that. I think it's a bad example that we're setting for our young girls that they need to be strippers. How do we deal with that issue?”
Sherman: “Well, I've never gone into a strip club and thrown money, so I couldn't tell you. I guess trying to understand that there are other avenues, there are other ways you can make money, that women can do anything they want in this world. You can go out there and be a CEO of a company. Like I said before, the same can be said for kids in the inner city — the ceiling is limitless and don't limit yourself to those possibilities and those circumstances.”
If there are still any people out there confused as to what Richard Sherman's about, that answer should do the trick. Bluster and faux apologies aside, he's a man who emerged from a tough environment with the help of family, education and hard work. He wants others to follow his example.
But the idea that Sherman has to give an answer to a question like that is everything that's wrong with media day. Marshawn Lynch had the right idea.
Unperturbed by Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez's warning, Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno maintained that she would never personally appear before any impeachment proceedings against her – whether at the House of Representatives or other venues.
On Tuesday afternoon, lawyers of Sereno submitted to the House committee on justice a letter stating her decision to not personally attend the impeachment hearings but to let her legal representatives attend the proceedings in her stead.
ADVERTISEMENT
This, even after Alvarez warned on Monday that House leaders would ban Sereno's lawyers from attending the hearings if the chief magistrate would not personally show up at the House justice committee's hearing on Wednesday.
Sereno executed a special power of attorney (SPA) authorizing her lawyers – Alexander Poblador, Dino Vivencio Tamayo, Anzen Dy, Justin Christopher Mendoza, Carla Pingui, Sandra Mae Magalang, Jayson Aguilar, Oswald Imbat, Enrico Edmundo Castello II, Charles Richard Avila Jr., and Patricia Geraldez – to represent her “in all stages of the impeachment proceedings” before the House justice committee handling the impeachment complaint filed against her by lawyer Larry Gadon.
The SPA also covers “all stages of any action or proceeding arising therefrom or related thereto, before any court, tribunal, agency, or body, including the House of Representatives, Senate, and the Supreme Court.”
In a letter addressed to House justice committee chairman Reynaldo Umali, her lawyers stressed that Sereno has the “right to appear through counsel and a denial thereof is a violation of due process.”
“If the purpose of the invitation is to hear her side, please take note that in accordance with the rules of the honorable committee, the Chief Justice already aired her ‘side' in detail and under oath, in her verified answer and verified rejoinder,” they said. /kga
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
In their neighborhood, sneakers were status, so Devonta Freeman and Durell Eskridge took their shoes seriously.
A new pair of Air Jordans might gobble up most of a week's pay from their mommas' pocketbooks, if this was one of the weeks they were working, so eventually Freeman and Eskridge found ways to pay for shoes on their own. They hung around the gas station, pumping gas in hopes of a tip. They carried bags for customers at the nearby Winn-Dixie, pocketing loose change for their efforts. They would visit Coach Luke -- former member of the rap group 2 Live Crew and neighborhood mentor Luther Campbell -- and clean his pool or mow his lawn for a few bucks.
Eskridge is nearly six inches taller than Freeman, but when they would scrape together enough for a shopping trip, they were careful to buy clothes and shoes that fit them both. They had different classes, so no one noticed when they would swap sneakers or T-shirts, doubling their wardrobe to keep a clean look on a tight budget.
After school, they would join pickup football games in an open field at the Miami housing project where they lived. They played in socks, bare feet or an old set of cleats to keep their shoes from getting scuffed. In a place where violence was around every corner, few things in Freeman and Eskridge's lives were so devoutly protected as those sneakers.
"Don't step on our shoes," Freeman said. "We didn't play about that."
Freeman and Eskridge shared shoes, meals and, for several years, a bedroom. They also shared a dream and the struggle to make it a reality. They pushed each other to work when drugs and gangs offered simpler options. They protected each other when their neighborhood felt more like a war zone than a home. They made promises to each other to escape their surroundings and rescue their families from poverty.
Growing up, they had almost nothing, but they had each other. In their neighborhood, that made them rich.
"How we carry ourselves, we always kept each other up," Freeman said. "We were going to make sure our shoes were clean, our clothes ironed. A lot of people think we weren't going through stuff. But they don't know half of it."
To continue reading, click here.
There's a cool torrent available on The Pirate Bay, one of the last cool torrents you'll encounter on the site (as it's due to close in a couple of days). It's a copy of the (almost) entire Pirate Bay, containing over 800,000 torrent files and a mockup copy of the actual website.
As you may know, The Pirate Bay actually tracks many more torrents than 800,000. Here's the explanation for the missing files from the torrent description:
"The index has 873671 torrents, ranging from id 3211594 to 5051940 (2009-08-13).
I only got 873671 torrents, but according to the website the tracker tracks over 2 million torrents.
The discrepancy is most likely due to many torrent files including the TPB tracker but has not been uploaded to the web site."
I doubt many users will want to download the 21.3 GB heavy file, but this torrent is important because it proves, once again, that the demise of The Pirate Bay is not the demise of BitTorrent technology and the community that uses it. Simply put, new Pirate Bays will sprout up somewhere, and the cycle will begin anew.
Deadman Wonderland is a based on a very good Manga (comic book ), that became a very good and pretty faithful adaptation as an Anime. One slight problem however, while the Manga was finished last year, the Anime was never completed. You can still find the last few chapters of the Manga series available online from "several" sources so if you're stuck scratching your head wondering "what happened next", following this advice will probably answer most of your questions (not advocating this method just presenting it as an option). If you haven't watched the Anime and/or read to the end of the series you may want to avoid the next section of my review because SPOILERS AHEAD:Spoiler Synopsis Alert:Deadman Wonderland at its core is a story about two childhood friends - the main character Ganta and his female protagonist/ love interest/ comic relief - Shiro (the albino girl). When the series begins all of Ganta's school friends are slaughtered by a mysterious "red man" who wears a red cape and mask, and has a mysterious power to shoot a red bloodlike substance from "his" body that Ganta later finds out is called "Branch of Sin". This happens on the day that Ganta and his friends were scheduled to take a trip to the Deadman Wonderland amusement park, that is part amusement park, part penal colony, that was built after a mega-disaster wiped out a large section of Tokyo, Japan. Ganta is the only one that survives this attack by the Red Man and he is framed for killing his classmates and sentenced to death row (despite being a minor which is rough even for Japan). Long story short while in prison Ganta also finds out that he has the power to use "Branch of Sin" and is forced to fight other death row inmates (most also falsely imprisoned) for survival while entertaining rich investors watching from around the world. He also meets a mysterious Albino girl that he doesn't recognize at first but slowly remembers as his childhood friend named Shiro, who seems to hilariously be immune to any kind of pain or danger that the prison seems to inflict on Ganta and his other friends. After Shiro bails Ganta out of several jams, he finally remembers that they used to dress up and play a superhero that they watched on tv together, cape and all, with Shiro being the one with the superpowers most of the time. Ganta slowly realizes that he has feelings for Shiro but that she also has a dark side and everything comes to a head when Ganta is faced with the choice of getting revenge against the Red Man, sharing his true feelings for Shiro, and helping to save his new friends at Deadman Wonderland - and whether he can accompish all three....END of SPOILERSThe Blu Ray quality of this disk is very good and Funimation did a good job of encoding it. The downside is that the Blu Ray discs are only dubbed in English (which most people probably won't mind) but you also can't watch the Blu Ray with Subtitles which I like to do with alot of Anime even if its dubbed because I think subtitles usually give you a more faithful translation (most of the time). Overall I really like DW and would add it to my top recent Anime Listmania list if it wasn't for that fact that the "Complete" series isn't really complete. Hopefully they will maybe release a direct to disk OVA movie that covers the rest of the events in Manga series, because it in my opinion is one of the best series in the last few years.Important:I would definitely NOT recommend this anime for young viewers/ young adults who may be younger than 17 -18 or older, just because altough there is no blatant nudity and there is violence (some of it censored), it does deal with some disturbing themes including abuse, murder, sociopathology, sexual assualt to name a few, so despite its description It's definitely not "kids" anime by any stretch so "viewer/ parental discretion" is advised. However like many Japanese Anime it has some redeeming messages and could be interpreted as a reflection on society (well I guess), anyway just a disclaimer, I'll say like the character Shinji would say "Don't come blaming me later on kid..."You can also buy the Manga to finish the series from Amazon: Deadman Wonderland, Vol. 7 Deadman Wonderland, Vol. 8 etc.
Former Rep. Melissa Hart may have hit the road and gone back home to Pittsburgh in 2006 when she lost her bid for re-election, but it appears that a car she owns still remains in the Longworth House Office building parking garage — more than three years after she left Congress.
It looks like Hart, a Republican who represented Pennsylvania's 4th District, left her white, older model Volkswagen Jetta six parking spaces away from the parking garage's entrance into the buildings that house congressional offices in Washington.
But Hart's “dude where's my car” dilemma may not be her only problem, if the car is in fact hers. According to the Committee on House Administration Web site, former members can only park in the garages if they are not registered lobbyists. Hart, who now chairs Pittsburgh-based law firm Keevican Weiss Bauerle & Hirsch's Government Relations practice, is registered in the Senate lobbyist database.
A woman identifying herself as Hart answered the phone at her law office, but hung up after the reporter asked if the car belonged to her. The Daily Caller reporter immediately called Hart back and left a message at her work, but she did not return those calls or subsequent e-mails.
Kyle Anderson, a spokesman for the Committee on House Administration, refused to confirm whether the car belongs to Hart, saying by e-mail that: “As a rule, we do not provide information on the owners (members or staff) of vehicles stored in House Parking facilities.”
Bumper stickers on the car point to Hart, as does the fact that the license plate is from Pennsylvania. There's a Washington and Jefferson College sticker (of which Hart is a 1984 graduate) on the back window. And there's a George W. Bush for President sticker on the bumper.
Anderson said all vehicles parked in House permit-only areas must display both valid license plates and current parking permits.
“The vehicle in question is not displaying valid registration and we are in the process of contacting the owner,” he said.
It's clear the car hasn't moved in at least a few years: A sign in the dashboard reads “109th Congress” (which lasted from 2005 to 2007 and was the last Congress Hart served in). The Pennsylvania license tag expired last year.
Most noticeably is the grayish soot, made up of dirt and dust accumulated over time, that several jokesters have written quips into. “I wish my wife was this dirty,” someone drew into the dust on the back window. (Another person, presumably, responded: “She is!”)
Other remarks like, “F-ing wash me,” and “Tow me” and “I'm with stupid” scatter the rest of the car.
Hart, who served three terms in Congress, is the only Republican woman in history to represent Pennsylvania at the federal level. After losing to the Republican lost re-election to Democrat Jason Altmire in 2006, she attempted to win back the seat in 2008 but lost.
By Gillian Law, TechLiterate, talking with Prashant Valluri, University of Edinburgh.
This article is part of our series: Breaking Software Barriers, in which Gillian Law investigates how our Research Software Group has helped projects improve their research software. If you would like help with your software, let us know.
There's a difference between writing code and writing good code, says Prashant Valluri, Lecturer at the University of Edinburgh's Institute for Materials and Processes, laughing as he describes how much he learned while working with the Software Sustainability Institute.
Valluri's team has developed code called TPLS (Two-Phase Level Set), for mathematically modelling complex fluid flows. The code aims to provide much more effective computational fluid dynamics (CFD) analysis for academia and industry, by providing efficient multi-phase models, better numerical resolution and efficient parallelisation.
TPLS uses an ultra-high resolution 3D Direct Numerical Simulation approach combined with the Level-Set method for tracking the developing interface between phases. It employs a 2D Message Passing Interface (MPI) process decomposition coupled with a hybrid OpenMP parallelisation scheme to allow scaling to thousands of CPU cores.
After an open source version of the software was launched on SourceForge in May 2013, the team contacted the Software Sustainability Institute to ask for help in making the code accessible to a wider range of developers.
"It was hardcore code, and people with serious Fortran experience could work with it, but in order to broaden the audience it needed work," says Valluri.
Then there was the issue of his idiosyncratic coding. "I write my own code – but it's horrible, in the way my logic works! It was really interesting to watch how the professionals make sure it's optimised and user friendly – and a good learning experience for me."
Working with the Institute's Research Software Group
From the start, Valluri says working with the Institute team was brilliant.
"We had regular meetings, both with the Software Sustainability Institute and with the ARCHER eCSE team [Embedded Computational Science & Engineering, which provides support to help users run on the ARCHER supercomputer], so the code was improved as we went.
"You can do development on your own for so long, and things seem to be running without any bugs, but when you try to move to a supercomputer, like ARCHER, then the skeletons fall out of cupboards!"
Timing was tight, so the team had to choose what could be done, Valluri explains.
"We had several things planned, but we decided to focus on the most important bits: bugs, versions, and some design improvements. Mike Jackson helped us to redesign the code with more flexible logic, and input files that could be read in a simple manner. He developed a Quick Start guide for new users, and a configuration scheme that allows TPLS to be set up by editing input files, not code. The usability is vastly improved."
The configuration files store information that affects the simulation of velocity, pressure, flow, thickness of fluids and other phenomena. By using these files, researchers don't need to edit program code or even understand it in order to use it in their work.
TPLS has also been split into two programs, one to create the data and one to run the simulation. The data can be created on a desktop or laptop computer, reducing the amount of time needed on a cluster or supercomputer.
Documentation on the architecture of the code, coding standards and an example model suite have had to be postponed, but Valluri states that the team will get back to these as soon as possible. For now, he has code that can be worked on by any developer who is interested in helping.
Doing things right is worth the effort
"I have learned so much through this," Valluri says. "I didn't know how to make code user-friendly – there's a lot more to usability than how it looks. It's not about the GUI (graphical user interface) - that comes much later. It's more about making sure the audience knows what the software does. If we just make it 'our way' then we can use it, but it's impossible for non-experts to understand.
"It adds development time, doing things right, but it's worth it. Our code is miles away from where it was.
"It's really made a profound change to the way we do coding, even down to the way I write lines of code. We now understand the complexity involved in making things run smoothly – it's really been a very good learning experience."
A new version of the code will be made available as open source in February 2015 and Valluri hopes to see many new users and developers getting involved. Industrial partners, too, including Shell, are keen to use the new code once it is available.
"There's lots more to be done in subsequent collaborations. I am building the use of SSI into everything I do in future!" he concludes.
If you'd like free help to assess or improve your software, why not submit an application into the Institute's Open Call?
Ali Velshi and Stephanie Ruhle had an intense face-off with Brad Thomas today when they discussed whether President Trump is improving the economy as much as he says.
The conversation began when Velshi and Ruhle noted a recent market downturn that coincides with the dissolution of the White House's manufacturing council and rumors suggesting economic adviser Gary Cohn is about to step down. Thomas served on Trump's advisory board, and he sassed the two MSNBC anchors by saying their program won't show certain economic indicators about a long-term growth.
Velshi and Ruhle pushed back on Thomas while pointing to evidence suggesting that market gains are a continuation of growth trends which began under Barack Obama. Velshi eventually got fed up and asked “why do you continue to say” Trump is a great job creator when the data does not support that view.
The three of them continued to lock horns after Thomas accused the media of ignoring the indicators of Trump's positive impact on the market. When they moved on to talk about infrastructure, Velshi and Ruhle also took issue when Thomas insinuated that they don't know anything about infrastructure or investment banking.
“You can't just lie on TV,” Velshi said. “I don't know if your people told you who you were coming on TV with but you can't lie about the economy to us.”
Velshi inevitably concluded that “this is a silly conversation to have” after Thomas took more digs at the media for supposedly ignoring Trump's beneficial market effect.
Watch above, via MSNBC.
[Image via screengrab]
— —
>> Follow Ken Meyer (@KenMeyer91) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
penile implant or penile prosthesis a surgical treatment option for men with erectile dysfunction. Some consider it the "last ditch" option for men suffering from impotence. We at PERITO UROLOGY respectfully disagree. A penile implant can be placed in any patient with a clear medical cause for ED. Most of these problems fail to resolve spontaneously with non-surgical treatments. Existing non-surgical treatments for ED temporize the inevitable treatment decision: sex with an implant or no sex at all. Sometimes a penile prosthesis is implanted to reconstruct the penis when scarring has caused erections to curve ( ortreatment option for men with erectile dysfunction. Some consider it the "last ditch" option for men suffering from impotence. We at PERITO UROLOGY respectfully disagree.Most of these problems fail to resolve spontaneously with non-surgical treatments. Existing non-surgical treatments for ED temporize the inevitable treatment decision: sex with an implant or no sex at all. Sometimes a penile prosthesis is implanted to reconstruct the penis when scarring has caused erections to curve ( Peyronie's disease ) precluding sex.
How Does the Penile Prosthesis Work?
Penile implants are either malleable (bendable) or inflatable. There are various companies around the world that design and produce penile prostheses but here at PERITO UROLOGY we choose to utilize those implants with licensing here in the United States, regardless of our operative venue.
The Inflatable Implant – This penile prosthesis consists of three components: two inflatable cylinders, a reservoir and a pump. All components are concealed in the body. The two cylinders are inserted into the same erection chambers as the malleable penile prosthesis but they are connected by tubing to a separate reservoir of fluid. The reservoir is implanted in or behind the abdominal wall. A pump is also connected to the system and sits in the scrotal sac, between the testicles. There is a 2-piece inflatable penile prosthesis that consists of only two components but this is not utilized by PERITO UROLOGY. To inflate the prosthesis, the man presses on the pump in the scrotum thus transferring fluid from the reservoir to the cylinders in the penis causing an erection. The more firmly one compresses the pump, the “harder” the erection. There is a deflation valve on the pump allowing fluid to return to the reservoir, deflating the penis and returning it to the normal flaccid state. Because a patient with a three piece implant is able to fully deflate the prosthesis, others are unable to tell that he has a penile prosthesis. Most men would not be embarrassed in a locker room, public restroom, pool or beach for example. Patients must have reasonable dexterity to manipulate the pump.
Malleable Implant - The simplest type of penile prosthesis consists of a pair of malleable rods surgically implanted within the erection chambers of the penis, also known as the corpora. With this type of implant the penis is always rigid and may be moved into any desired position determined by the patient. Because the implant is always hard, the malleable penile prosthesis is difficult to conceal. Far from physiologic, this was the first penile implant and has been a reliable form of treatment for ED for nearly 50 years.
Risks of implant surgery:
Risks of implant surgery include:
Infection. As with any surgery, infection is a possibility. Our infection rate at PERITOUROLOGY is consistently less than 1%. You may be at an increased risk of infection if you have a spinal cord injury or diabetes. Men who need surgery to adjust or replace an implant (revision surgery) are at higher risk of infection than they were with the first surgery. Infection risks can be significantly reduced when the patient complies with the pre and post operative instructions provided. Infections can be treated with either removal or salvage (immediate wash-out and replacement). Our most recent years data base revealed only 5 infections out of 525 with all five being successfully salvaged.
Implant problems. Surgery is necessary to remove, repair or replace a broken implant. Our 15 year device survival rate approaches 90%.
Internal erosion. Like a hernia of your intestines through the abdominal wall, an implant may try to erode through the skin. These are generally treated like hernias by reinforcing the tissues with suture.
Perito Urology specializes in penile implant revisions when patients experience these adverse effects, or when there are complications from less skilled surgeons.
Complaints about Penile Implants
The most common complaints following penile prosthesis include:
“Loss of penile length.” The perceived loss of penile length is not due to the placement of the penile implant. In fact, placement of the implant stops the atrophy process and with proper rehabilitation can result in the patient regaining some of his lost penile length.
“The pump is too hard.” All pumps become hard at end filling. Think of a bicycle pump; as the tire gets firm the pump requires more force. We teach our patients to use both thumbs to inflate in order to maximize the erection rigidity.
“The implant in the deflated position looks unnatural.” True, the penis does look different when deflated. With a couple of small pumps you can usually obtain a suitable appearance for public display. I tell my patients I am not in the business of making penises pretty while flaccid. We create hard physiologic erections for the patient.
“I feel tubing around my cylinders.” At PERITO UROLOGY we do everything we can to conceal tubing but some anatomy requires cylinders where small amounts of tubing may be palpated under the skin.
“The head of the penis does not get hard.” True. Once again, the implant does not cause swelling of the glans of the penis. At PERITO UROLOGY our surgical technique limits the amount of soft glans we previously say with aggressive dilation of the spongy tissues of the penis. Viagra like medications and/or urethral creams can be used to treat this complaint.
How Effective Are the Implants?
About 90%-95% of inflatable prosthesis implants produce erections suitable for intercourse. Satisfaction rates with the prosthesis are very high, and typically 80%-90% of men are satisfied with the results and say they would choose the surgery again.
A Writer Gets Grilled By His 18-Year-Old Self In 'Later That Same Life'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Peter Emshwiller/Screenshots by NPR Courtesy of Peter Emshwiller/Screenshots by NPR
In 1977, an 18-year-old Peter "Stoney" Emshwiller filmed himself asking questions meant for his future self. Emshwiller tells NPR's Ari Shapiro, "I was going through what I think a lot of 18-year-olds go through — where you're leaving high school and you're about to start sort of your real life — and felt like I wanted to ask somebody who knows. And of course there isn't anybody, but I decided to pretend there was and sit down and talk to a blank wall asking every question I could think of and responding to every answer I thought I might get back."
Thirty-eight years later, the writer and voice actor sat down to answer his young self's questions. The result is Later That Same Life, a film cut together to look like one seamless interview.
Interview Highlights
On watching the 1977 footage for the first time in years
The biggest thing that surprised me is, back then, I had very, very bad self-image. I thought of myself as hideous. I grew a horrible, scruffy beard trying to cover up my acne. And I looked at the footage of myself, and I thought, "You're adorable!" It was eye-opening.
On feeling like he'd let his 18-year-old self down
I was sure I was going to be distinguished and gray and have these little beautiful wrinkles, but the idea that, you know, I'd sit down across from my future self and he would be, you know, Jabba the Hutt and look like a mutant beached whale . ... Oh, the editing process was horrible because I would be sitting there having to look at myself — I'm at that age and weight where I avoid reflective surfaces as much as possible. So having to sit for hours and look at this footage of myself was torture. ... And it wasn't just, of course, my appearance. It was that I was facing the disappointment.
It felt real. ... Why did I think I was really in the room with my 18-year-old self? And it dawned on me: Well, because he's still there inside me. He was in the room.
On feeling like he was actually talking to his 18-year-old self
Even though it was, you know, 38 years apart and it was artificially created, it felt real. ... There was a moment where I got a friend of mine to put a jacket on that looked a little like what I wore back then and I had a moment where I said to my younger self, "Everything's going to be OK. Do you want a hug?" And I had this friend come over and hug me. And it's completely artificial — you know, the guy doesn't even look like me, didn't have a beard — but I burst into tears because it felt like I was really hugging 18-year-old me. Why did I think I was really in the room with my 18-year-old self? And it dawned on me: Well, because he's still there inside me. He was in the room.
On why he decided to answer his younger self's questions all these years later
There [are] two reasons I think I did it. One is I needed him to be OK with how I led his life. But honestly, I might never have decided to go back to this project if I hadn't had a little bit of a health scare. ... I was in the hospital with tubes coming out of me and I thought, "I gotta finish this movie."
Nestoria is one of those companies that was told it would have to start paying real money for Google Maps. When Google couldn't tell it exactly how much, Nestoria kicked Mountain View to the curb and switched to OpenStreetMap, a free, collaborative effort to map the globe.
But that's only part of the story. Nestoria's "free and open" map data is actually served up by MapQuest, the once and future mapping outfit that ruled the web before Google Maps stole its thunder. At Nestoria – a popular UK-based real estate website – the online mapping game has come full circle.
OpenStreetMap, or OSM, is yet another example of a project that manages to compete with a massive tech company simply by crowdsourcing a problem. Much like Wikipedia challenged Encyclopedia Britannica and Linux took on Microsoft Windows, OpenStreetMap is battling Google Maps, and at least in some cases, it's winning.
OpenStreetMap founder Steve Coast says the project is "still waiting for the big one." But in addition to Nestoria and so many other small outfits making the leap to OSM, some bigger organizations have taken note. The White House employed OSM to track its Change campaign, and in 2008, the popular photo-sharing site Flickr adopted the project.
And like many an open source project, OSM has been commandeered by companies looking to catch up with the market behemoth. MapQuest isn't the only one backing the project. So too is Microsoft.
Where The Streets Have a Name
By day, Steve Coast is one of the lead architects on the mobile version of Bing, Microsoft's search engine. By night, he founded and still chairs OpenStreetMap, a UK-based non-profit that runs on an annual budget of less than $100,000. As it happens, OSM receives hardware donations from Coast's daytime employer.
Coast started the "free and open" project seven years ago. He was looking for an alternative to the maps offered by the British government and large companies such as NavTeq. The big aggregators housed almost all of the good map data, he says, and they knew how to render it, using "tiles" so you could move around a map without having to reload the entire page. And because of this, they could charge an "astronomical amount" for their maps.
OSM was designed to reduce map licencing fees to zero – a concept that Coast gives credit to Google for landing on first – but it was also meant to improve the accuracy of maps. The project was seeded with satellite imagery, and then the world-at-large was invited to put labels and borders on the images, otherwise known as "volunteered geographical information," or VGI.
Soon, volunteers were using GPS units attached to bicycles and car to improve the VGI. Towns and cities began as islands of data, but eventually, the catalog of data spread to the far corners of the globe. Today, the project houses about 19 GB of compressed XML data, and when expanded, it reaches into the terabyte range. Google was actually an early contributor, and both Microsoft and MapQuest are now providing data. Many assume that MapQuest is dead, but it was bought by AOL and relaunched in July 2010 as "the first major mapping site to embrace and encourage open source mapping at scale."
According to Pat McDevitt, the vice president of engineering at MapQuest, the company still gets about 40 million unique visitors each month to its site, and it has invested about a million dollars in OSM in an effort to undercut the map licensing fees levied by NavTeq and Tele Atlas (owned by TomTom). "The hyperlocal detail that a motivated community adds is way beyond a commercial provider," McDevitt tells Wired.
A 2009 paper from University College London said that on average, OSM's VGI is within six meters or a street or landmark's actual position. Two years later, a second paper, from the University of Heidelberg and the University of Florida, found that OSM provides 27 percent more data in Germany with regard to the total street network and route information for pedestrians than TomTom's commercial dataset.
"We went through a bubble period where we were [just] this free and open alternative – but not nearly as good [as competitors]," Coast says. "But with companies like Microsoft and MapQuest contributing now, it's way more sustainable than it was four years ago."
GreenInfo Network – a non-profit outfit that builds maps for (often cash-strapped) public services and environmental groups – started using OSM base maps in 2009 because it provided information the organization couldn't find anywhere else. OSM's data is not confined to streets. GreenInfo pulled data on park trails for its ParkInfo application.
"For our purposes, base map tiles available from OSM easily rival, and oftentimes surpass, commercial offerings," Tim Sinnott, a GIS specialist at GreenInfo, tells Wired. "And if we find holes or errors in the data, we can edit information along with the rest of the world."
Google Erects Paywall
In April, Google told the world that it would charge companies that exceed certain amounts of usage when adding Google Maps to their sites via Mountain View's API (application programming interface). Though Google has yet to actually erect this pay-wall, Nestoria made the preliminary list of those who would have to fork over the cash.
Nestoria co-founder Freyfogle says he was already considering OSM and had been for some time. He felt the quality of OSM's data was at least on par with Google's in the eight European countries Nestoria served. But when the Google sales rep called this past fall, it put him over the edge.
The problem was that when Freyfogle asked the sales rep how Nestoria would be charged – by API calls, map loads, a licensing fee? – the rep had no idea and ended up quoting an unqualified stand-alone price that would have "bankrupted" Nestoria, according to Freyfogle. He decided then and there to switch to a free OSM setup, and Google hasn't called back since. "The experience was poor," he says simply.
Google has since published clearer prices on its blog, and a spokesperson for the company tells Wired that only the top 0.35 percent of sites will be affected by the new pricing structure, which charges for more than 25,000 map loads per day. But no doubt others will make the switch as well. That's just what happens when a previously free product is not completely free anymore.
But Freyfogle makes it clear that the switch to OSM wasn't made as some sort of anti-Google statement. "That's Google's business, and they need to run it. I completely understand that," says Freyfogle, a Fullbright scholar with an MBA from MIT.
Since Nestoria made the switch to OSM, he says, the company has received almost no complaints about the change in its map background. Some users in remote areas of Europe, he adds, have even praised the new interface for the details it provides on their little towns. What's more, in making the switch to OSM, Nestoria gained some flexibility it never had with Google.
With OSM, developers can manipulate and update map data as they see fit. With Google, they can merely build on top of what's received in a call to the API, Freyfogle says, and they must render what Google wants them render – a criticism Google did not address when we asked the company for clarification. "You can make your maps look however you want. Rivers can be red instead of blue if you wanted.... With Google you're not getting any data. You just get a map on your page."
When Microsoft Lurks
With OSM, the rub is that you have to find a way of organizing your map tiles and serving them up. You can serve your own – a doable but difficult task – or you can go to a third party that will serve them on your behalf, including MapQuest and CloudMade, a company Coast founded but has since left. Nestoria uses MapQuest, who does the tiling work for free.
But don't mistake MapQuest for OpenStreetMap. Coast says that because the project is open and so easy to access, OSM actually interacts very little with MapQuest, or any other large contributors, other than a few emails now and again. They're just part of the community.
The same goes for Microsoft. "We wondered if Microsoft would become what Red Hat has to Linux," says MapQuest's McDevitt. "[But] no big company has gone full-tilt with the responsibility for managing the OSM code." But that could change. Microsoft is contributing data, hardware, and cash to project. And it's offering OSM maps on its own Bing Maps service.
Asked whether he thinks Microsoft is helping OpenStreetMap because Redmond knows it can't beat Google on its own, Coast pauses. Then says he's not paid enough to answer that question.
Photo: senorhans/Flickr
Josh Miller/CNET
The HP TouchPad is now capable of running Android with full use of the touch screen, thanks to the technical team at TouchDroid.
Hard at work porting Android over to HP's discontinued but much-in-demand tablet, the TouchDroid techs were able to create the necessary drivers to coax Android 2.3.5 to run on the TouchPad and let people tap into the touch screen.
Unveiling a video (also seen below) showing off the team's progress, a TouchDroid developer demonstrated how he could fluidly and smoothly tap and move his finger around a TouchPad running Android with no delays or skips. He even demoed Android's multitouch feature, moving five fingers and then ten fingers across the screen.
Though TouchDroid is currently using Android 2.3.5 Gingerbread on its demo tablet, its ultimate goal is to support the current flavor of Honeycomb or even the upcoming Ice Cream Sandwich on a TouchPad. The team seems to be making quick progress as a little more than two weeks ago, its developers were still trying to drum up a TouchPad that they could use for testing.
The latest development also follows a conflict among some of TouchDroid's members over soliciting money to buy TouchPads, an issue that actually split the group into two teams now working separately.
In addition to TouchDroid, another group called CyanogenMod is striving to port Android to the HP tablet. As of late August, the CyanogenMod team had succeeded in running Android on the TouchPad but had yet to build support for the touch-screen drivers.
HP's TouchPad has been a hot commodity since the company announced a few weeks ago that it was pulling the plug on the tablet. To sell off existing inventory, HP lowered the price to $99 for the 16GB version and $149 for the 32GB model, from $499 and $599, respectively. That fire sale ignited a flurry of buyers, causing HP and other retailers to quickly run out of available stock.
Despertar
by Faruq Oyekan
Loneliness, change, and the pursuit of happiness.
These are the themes expressed in filmmaker Jorge Garrido's debut short film Despertar. Coming in at a runtime of eight minutes and twenty-nine seconds, Despertar, is a film that tells a story of a somewhat goofy loner, played by the film's lead Joel Duquenne, stuck in the grind of a daily routine. Eventually this young man meets a beautiful young woman played by actress Marine Berthelot, and what happens next is the classic unfolding of boy meets girl and love at first sight.
Concluding with a bittersweet ending this film does a fabulous job at showcasing how love can motivate change in a person, and ultimately cause them to grow.
The film's strong point is its cinematography and choice of music.
Stunning shots of the main character's breakfast and even his lunch will keep you engaged and entertained as the film progresses.
The inclusion of music by artists The National and Future Islands add a sense of emotion, which beautifully illustrates the development of the main character.
While charming and nicely shot the film does struggle in some aspects. However, not in a bad way, coming in at eight minutes, the film ends with the viewer wanting more, specifically a conclusion to a love story that seems to have barely begun in the film.
Leaving your viewer wanting more never seems like a bad thing, and depending on what this film hoped to achieve it may have not been a wrong turn. But for myself, at the end of this viewing I wanted more of a glimpse into the lives of the characters, and I was left feeling like the main exposition had only just ended, and that the story had only just begun.
Ambitious, simple, and charming.
Three different words, but three words that are perfect to describe the feeling this short will leave you with. The film is ultimately a promising directorial debut, that'll leave you highly anticipating this director's future films.
I had to chance to speak with the director Jorge Garrido, and our interview is below:
Q: What motivated the creation of this short film?
Jorge: Since I was a kid I have always been passionate about film to the point I almost studied cinema in college. I ended up studying civil engineering instead.
In 2009, me and my friend Joel Duquenne (the actor in the short) who is a passionate photographer came up with funny story ideas. Later we thought how fun would it be to actually try and do a short film
It wasn't until 2014 that we had a decent camera to work with and some spare time. That year we decided to go ahead and actually start making the film.
Q: Do you have any prior experience in filmmaking?
Jorge: Technically, no. As a teen, I used to make short videos of personal video game footage.
However, Joel was very into photography, so he had side jobs as a photographer during high school.
Q: Was the film's premise inspired by any real life event?
Jorge: The film is heavily based on the personality of Joel.
The way he acts when he is alone, and the situations that occur to him inspired me to create this lonely character that couldn't care less about what people thought about him.
Q: From your previous answers it sounds like Joel was a driving force in the creation of this short, do you or Joel have any plans to make films in the future? Or is it strictly dependent on your free time? If either of you do have any plans what are they?
Jorge: Joel and I have a very good friendship, and we want to keep making films as long as we have some spare time.
But above all, we want to make sure that with whatever story or idea we have in mind, we truly want to make something that pleases and amuses us, which deeply helps keeping us motivated to do things right. I believe that many great ideas come unexpectedly, so I try not to force myself to invent a story.
That being said, I think I already have a glimpse of an idea for an upcoming film, but it still needs time to shape up.
Q: One of my favorite aspects of your film was the cinematography, specifically in your short we get a shot of a nicely framed set of red chairs, and a nice shot of the lead character's breakfast. What went into planning the cinematography? Was there any difficulty securing locations?
Jorge: The shots on the subway were actually pretty simple to shoot because we went there on whit Monday (June 9) at nearly 10 am, so the subway station wasn't very crowded which simplified our shooting a lot.
However the encounter scene between the two characters was very tricky… We had to place the tripod nearly at the edge of the subway platform and we had to anticipate perfectly the arrival of the subway car along with the arrival of our female character in order to make one long awkward single shot take.
The breakfast scenes were fun to shoot because we meticulously tried to have a perfect 90° degrees take on the table but since we couldn't really make it with our low-end tripod, we had to attach the tripod to the table using cooking strings, we jokingly called these takes the “ Wes Anderson” takes.
Q: I've recently learned the film's title translates into "to wake up" from Spanish. Was there any deeper meaning you tried to address through your film?
Jorge: We named the film Despertar (Awakening) because the film begins with the character waking up but in the other hand, waking up also means remembering, and the second time he wakes up, he remembers the girl (hence the same book the girl is reading) and at the end the character breaks the 4th wall, meaning that he “wakes up” from being a fictional character and gives the audience the freedom to
interpret what the second “awakening” meant.
Q: The music really fit the film well, what went into its selection? Did the music have any influence in the progression of the story?
Jorge: I'm a big fan of indie rock altogether and The National being one of my favorite bands, I felt like I absolutely had to have something from them on my first short film.
As for “Seasons (Waiting on you)” from Future Islands goes, I thought the music and lyrics fitted perfectly with the absent-minded character.
Q: Any interesting stories concerning the production of this short?
Jorge: The bathroom scenes were almost all improvised by Joel, he had to brush his teeth at least 15 times in a single day and it was very hard not to laugh. He kicked me twice from set because of this.
We threw away the dirty cushion from the opening scene as soon as we finished shooting.
Comments
Jul06kevin this proves aortcs r aortcs either on screen or off the screen,created a heart throbbing dramatic scenario at death of first wife now making another super hit drama after another marriage any layman would understand why he is explaining so much !!!! certainly to get out of rumors & criticized publicly
Thanks for that! It's just the answer I nedede.
That ingt'hiss perfect for what I need. Thanks! http://rhmubih.com [url=http://gbpmbau.com]gbpmbau[/url] [link=http://bhghprtgp.com]bhghprtgp[/link]
thanks due to the fact that this great illuminating website, living up the massive undertaking check out this online casinos offers
study out this casino online where you can conquer real kale with to usurp of this guidePlaying baccarat online
thanks towards this significant revealing website, finance up the great work check out this casino online offers
thanks for this countless revealing website, finance up the great work check out this casino online offers
thanks benefit of this great revealing website, finance up the massive position check out this online casino offers , buy sex toys
study out this casino online where you can conquer legal notes with to usurp of this enchiridionPlaying online casino games , buy sex toys
thanks due to the fact that this colossal edifying website, keep up the momentous undertaking check out this casino online offers , buy sex toys
thanks for this countless informative website, living up the massive work check out this casino offers , buy sex toys
Good website, 47bce5c74f589f4867dbd57e9ca9f808, check
casino slotsslots online
slot online
casino slotsslots online
cassino
best online casino
casino games
casino real money
casino games
casino list
casino online
lúc nào nên nhổ răng khôn?
- Khi việc mọc răng khôn tạo ra những biến chứng đau,
nhiễm trùng lặp đi tái diễn, u nang, ảnh hưởng đến răng cạnh
bên .
- Khi răng khôn chưa tạo ra biến chứng, nhưng giữa răng
khôn và răng kế bên có khe giắt thức ăn, dự báo sẽ ảnh
hưởng đến răng cạnh bên. Nha sĩ có thể chỉ định
nhổ răng khôn để ngăn chặn biến chứng
- Răng khôn mọc thẳng, đủ chỗ, không trở
nên cản trở bởi xương và nướu nhưng không thể răng đối diện ăn khớp,
làm răng khôn trồi dài xuống hàm đối diện .
điều đó tạo bậc thang giữa răng khôn và răng
cạnh bên , gây nhồi nhét thức ăn, lở loét nướu hàm đối diện.
- Răng khôn mọc thẳng, đủ chỗ, không bị cản trở bởi xương và nướu,
nhưng hình dạng răng khôn bất thường , nhỏ,
dị dạng, gây nhồi nhét thức ăn với răng kế bên , lâu ngày gây sâu răng & viêm nha
chu răng cạnh bên.
- Bản thân răng khôn có bệnh nha chu hoặc sâu răng
lan tỏa rộng rãi.
quá trình nhổ răng khôn
anh chàng 24 tuổi tử chiến do nhổ răng khôn:
Vì Sao 1 cái răng lại hiểm nguy đến vậy?
- Ảnh 4.
Để vô hiệu răng khôn, nha sĩ phải rạch một đường ở lợi, tiếp
đó lấy phần xương chặn gốc răng rồi gắp từng phần chân răng ra.
sau lúc "dọn sạch", nha sĩ sẽ lau chùi
và khâu lại vết mổ.https://imgur.com/7SAJsqL https://bocrangsubaonhieutien.wordpress.com
Looking by reason of ED pills? vacation the kindest offers instead of cheap viagra , cheap Levitra , online Cialis
Ten years ago tomorrow, HBO viewers slapped their remotes against their palms and slammed the sides of their TV sets: The series finale of The Sopranos had cut to black mid-scene, and they wanted to see how it ended.
That creator David Chase's modern spin on the mob drama had in fact ended, with the cut heard 'round the world, was part of the episode's, and the series', enduring genius. The Sopranos, which nabbed 21 Emmys during its run—including three for its star, the late James Gandolfini—never settled for simple patterns or uncomplicated characters. Instead, Chase and company elaborated a style of storytelling that felt risky, bold, profound, suspenseful, even moving, setting in motion a decade of sterling cable dramas that came to be called the Golden Age of Television. The Sopranos are, arguably, one of the two or three finest TV series ever made; it is also, undoubtedly, one of the most influential.
Paste decided to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the series finale with a list of the 15 best Sopranos episodes:
15. “Pilot” (Season One, Episode 1)
From the arc of the title sequence, following Tony Soprano on the winding road home, to the motif of birds flocking together, “Pilot” presages the path of the subsequent 85 episodes: the fear of dissolution that shadows the act of building a family, whether made of blood ties, business ones, or both. As Tony describes his life to Dr. Melfi (Lorraine Bracco) in the aftermath of a panic attack, his words set against images of mob violence and domestic strain, The Sopranos establishes its protagonist's stressors—Carmela (Edie Falco), Uncle Junior (Dominic Chianese), the kids (Robert Iler and Jamie-Lynn Sigler), his mother (Nancy Marchand)—without losing sight of their own inner lives, setting up its kaleidoscopic portrait of kinship in no uncertain terms. It's terrifically funny: “You'd think I was Hannibal Lecture,” Tony says, mispronouncing the name. It's clouded with dark portents: As Christopher (Michael Imperioli) commits a murder, the gunshots are spliced with images of doomed gangsters. But the episode's defining feature may be its vein of nostalgia, a poignant twist on convention that sets the series on its brilliant course. “I feel like I came in at the end,” Tony confesses to Dr. Melfi, though whether he's referring to the Mafia's heyday or America's is left unstated. “The best is over.” Matt Brennan
14. “Whoever Did This” (Season Four, Episode 9)
Violence in The Sopranos is often excruciating to watch—partly in response to the idea that violence in the mob is fun or cool. The fight between Tony and Ralphie (Joe Pantoliano) in “Whoever Did This” is one of the dirtiest fights in the series. There is no fade to black or cut away, and the camera focuses on Ralphie's bloody face after Tony beats him to death with his bare hands. It's brutal, and Tony himself gets sick afterward. This episode is about facing consequences and truly seeing what you did (especially when it's chopped up in the bathtub), even if you can't admit it. Rae Nudson
13. “D-Girl” (Season Two, Episode 7)
So meta: The Sopranos is a Hollywood show about mobsters where one of the mobsters is trying to break into Hollywood. This episode is humorous thanks to the stunt casting of real celebrities (hi, Jon Favreau!) and inside baseball jokes, like a script with a logo for United Talent Agency (company co-founder Peter Benedek is David Chase's agent, and he would also cameo in the series). But it also hints at more: Christopher so badly wants to be taken seriously and be a screenwriter, but none of these people see him as anything more than a walking stereotype. Whitney Friedlander
12. “The Test Dream” (Season Five, Episode 11)
No other show has so effectively done a dream sequence. The first half of “The Test Dream” feels a little like The Sopranos' version of Eloise at the Plaza, with a lonely Tony treating himself to a night in the legendary New York City hotel—complete with room service and a prostitute. He falls asleep, and the second half of the episode shifts into a surreal dream that never feels hokey (despite a cameo from Annette Bening and a scene with Tony atop a horse in the middle of his living room) and manages to perfectly capture that eerie tone most dreams take on, where it feels close to real life but a few things are slightly off. It even works in some common nightmare situations (all of your teeth falling out, returning to high school only to discover you're not prepared), and ultimately, Tony awakens to find out that his stress dream was more like a premonition: His cousin, Tony Blundetto (Steve Buscemi), has killed Billy Leotardo as revenge for Angelo getting whacked, opening the Soprano crew up to the wrath of Phil Leotardo. Bonnie Stiernberg
11. “The Blue Comet,” (Season Six, Episode 20)
The Sopranos's second-to-last episode is where, for lack of a better term, shit really starts to hit the fan. Phil Leotardo (Frank Vincent) decides to wipe out the DiMeo family by taking out Tony, Silvio (Steven Van Zandt) and Bobby (Steve Schirripa)—effectively starting an all-out war. Agent Harris runs into Tony and informs him of Phil's plan, so Tony orders a hit on Phil—but it's botched, with the gunman mistaking the father of Phil's Ukrainian mistress for Phil. As a result, we get one of the most striking death sequences of the series, as Bobby—sweet Bobby, the gentle giant—goes down in a hail of bullets while picking out a toy train. Silvio gets his outside the Bada Bing shortly after, winding up in critical condition in the hospital. Tony goes into hiding, after a stunning scene in which he informs AJ, who has just been released from the hospital's mental ward, of Bobby's death—and then lashes out physically at him after he starts to cry. (No wonder Dr. Melfi dropped him as a patient for being a sociopath). It's a heartbreaking episode that puts all the pieces in place for one of TV's greatest finales. Bonnie Stiernberg
10. “Soprano Home Movies” (Season Six, Episode 13)
For a show that features so many brutal deaths and blow-up fights, The Sopranos also excels at slow burns and quiet, understated moments. “Soprano Home Movies,” which takes place mostly on a weekend retreat upstate with Janice (Aida Turturro) and Bobby to celebrate Tony's birthday, has its fair share of big moments—Bobby and Tony's drunken fistfight, Bobby's first kill (assigned to him by Tony out of spite the morning after their brawl)—but it's the small details—like the green Monopoly house stuck to the side of Tony's face after the fight, or Bobby and Tony on a boat, musing about whether you even hear it when you get whacked, or the way Bobby returns to the idyllic vacation house after murdering a guy and tightly squeezes his daughter while “This Magic Moment” plays—that truly elevate this episode from good to one of the series' best. Bonnie Stiernberg
9. “Employee of the Month” (Season Three, Episode 4)
There are a lot of hard things to watch on The Sopranos, but Dr. Melfi's rape is one of the hardest. The Sopranos focus on the aftermath, and on Dr. Melfi's bruised body and spirit. Dr. Melfi spends the series vacillating between believing she can help Tony and knowing she's complicit in his actions. In “Employee of the Month,” she draws a hard line at what she won't do when she knows she could ask Tony for revenge on her rapist, but doesn't. Is there a single more devastating moment in The Sopranos than when Tony asks Dr. Melfi if she wants to say something after she breaks down in tears, and she says, “No?”Rae Nudson
8. “Made in America” (Season Six, Episode 21)
It's the stunning conclusion of “Made in America,” the unexpected cut to black, that still, ten years later, leads to arguments: Was Tony taken out, or was he just paranoid? What of his wife, his kids? Does it matter? Was the choice to end it this way even any good? What's striking now, watching it in tandem with “Pilot,” are the echoes of the earlier episode, in particular AJ's sense that the “beautiful idea” of America has been subject to poison, ruin, rot. Like father, like son, the Soprano men confront the notion that the dream is dead, and attempt to tamp down, or flee, the dysfunction this causes. Alongside Phil's ignominious demise—that brief, shocking interlude at the Raceway never fails to make my jaw drop—much of “Made in America” is mournful, terse, as if Journey's call, “Don't Stop Believin,'” had already fallen on deaf ears. Oh, and about that final sequence? It creates untold suspense from small talk, sidelong glances and the bell on the door before leaving us hanging—the last, the best feat of a series that counts among the finest ever made. Matt Brennan
7. “Join the Club” (Season Six, Episode 2)
After Uncle Junior shoots Tony in the stomach, The Sopranos wanders through Tony's unconscious mind as he lies in a coma in the second episode of Season Six. It was daring, yet so typical of The Sopranos, to give viewers the opposite of what they thought they wanted. Instead of mob infighting or revenge on Uncle Junior, The Sopranos spends two episodes exploring the mind of its lead. “Who am I? Where am I going?” Tony says in his dream. This episode is an example of how you didn't have to know where The Sopranos were going to enjoy the journey.
Rae Nudson
6. “Kennedy and Heidi” (Season Six, Episode 18)
The Sopranos writers sure did have their fun with episode names. Who exactly are Kennedy and Heidi, you ask? They're the teenage girls out for the late-night joyride that would have probably implicated them in the death of one Christopher Moltisanti (Michael Imperioli)—if Tony Soprano hadn't finished the job for them. Granted, it was looking like Christopher would be taken out sooner or later (either by his “family” or by his own demons). And he was gravely injured after his reckless and intoxicated driving caused him to flip his Escalade when he swerved to avoid crashing into the girls' car. But was Tony's impulse decision to suffocate his once heir apparent a mercy killing? Also: Christopher's final music selection? The Departed soundtrack. Subtle. Whitney Friedlander
5. “Whitecaps,” Season Four, Episode 13
Carmela can typically be won over again by a big gift, but the new summer home Tony buys in “Whitecaps” isn't enough to ease her anguish after hearing about not one, but two, of Tony's recent girlfriends. Every so often, Carmela admits to herself what she knows: that Tony is a killer, a liar, a cheat. Usually, she backs away from the truth to keep living her luxurious life, but in “Whitecaps” she attempts to throw it all away in a thrilling, vicious moment of despair. It's some of Falco's best work in the series, and Gandolfini shows his range when he goes from faking innocence to truly terrifying when he lunges at her during their fight. Rae Nudson
4. “Funhouse,” Season Two, Episode 13
So much of The Sopranos revolves around Tony's health: Panic attacks, depression, his uncle shooting him in the gut. But, in the second season's finale, we learn that all it takes is a severe case of food poisoning for our anti-hero to realize that his oldest friend is a rat. It almost seemed like Big Pussy's (Vincent Pastore) relationship with the law had gone unnoticed until Tony's Godfather-esque hallucination sees him as a talking fish. This is in contrast to other shows, where forced exposition would have wasted time catching the rest of the crew up with what the audience has known for months. Instead, we simply see Pussy willingly boarding Tony's boat and staunchly accepting his fate after receiving celebratory toasts and eulogies from the very men who would be sending him to his watery grave. Whitney Friedlander
3. “Pine Barrens,” Season Three, Episode 11
It isn't exactly revolutionary to put “Pine Barrens” on this list. This episode isn't just routinely touted as one of the best Sopranos episodes, it's on lists of the best TV episodes of all time, and writers Terence Winter and Tim Van Patten received an Emmy nomination and a Writers Guild of America award for their work. What makes it so great is that it gives meat and weight to something that could have been rather simple: A one-off episode in which, among other things, two of our favorite goodfellas (Christopher and Tony Sirico's Paulie) get lost in the woods due to an assignment gone awry. (Check your temper next time, Paulie!) “Pine Barrens” is funny, which is something The Sopranos doesn't always get enough credit for being. But it's also a story that hints at themes of isolation and despair. Whitney Friedlander
2. “College,” Season One, Episode 5
Only the fifth episode in the show's inaugural season, “College” arrived at a time when viewers were still discovering the sheer genius of the Emmy-winning drama. Tony takes his daughter, Meadow, on a tour of colleges in Maine. While on the road, Tony spots Febby Petrulio, a former Mafia man turned FBI informant who is now in the Witness Protection Program. The only solution, in Tony's mind, is to kill Febby, which he does with his bare hands. The juxtaposition of the innocuousness familiarity of a college tour against the viciousness of Tony's business was stunning. It was the first time Tony killed anyone, cementing that, despite being the lead and a sympathetic character, Tony Soprano decidedly was not a nice guy. Amy Amatangelo
1. “Long Term Parking,” Season Five, Episode 12
I still get a pit in my stomach every time I think of this episode. It's that moment when we go from Adriana (Drea de Matteo) driving herself away from the terror to awaiting her fate in Silvio's car—the jarring switch from a daydream to harsh reality. It's that moment where we think perhaps Silvio is just giving Adriana a ride to the hospital. That maybe Christopher did try to commit suicide. The impending dread we feel is confirmed by the menacing look that briefly crosses Silvio's face. Adriana must pay with her life for colluding with the FBI. Her beloved Chris-to-phur not only did not save her, but instead conspired in her murder, dumping her suitcase in the water and parking her car at the airport (hence the episode's title). We never see Adriana's body, a rarity for the series—just Sil's gun going off, leading many viewers (myself included) clinging to the hope that perhaps Silvio had spared her. But, alas, that was not the case. Amy Amatangelo
Fresh off his first visit to Asia, included a two-day stop in China that some argue was heavy on flattery and lacking in substance, analysts say President Donald Trump is now poised to do what he's long promised: get tough on Beijing over its unfair trade practices.
While in China, Trump said he gives Beijing “great credit” for taking advantage of the United States, which left some perplexed.
Speaking at signing ceremony for deals that totaled some $250 billion he said: “I don't blame China ... who can blame a country for being able to take advantage of another country for the sake of its citizens?”
But that was only the first half of a key message of his trip.
The rest came in his speech at the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation and was echoed again at the White House on Wednesday.
“We can no longer tolerate unfair trading practices that steal American jobs, wealth and intellectual property. The days of the United States being taken advantage of are over,” Trump said.
WATCH: Leaders of US and China Offer Asia Business Leaders Divergent Paths
​Sweet and sour
Douglas Paal, vice president for studies at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, said he sees a domestic political strategy in the broader message that Trump conveyed during his trip.
By saying that China is not to blame and that it is doing what any country should do to protect its interests, Trump has given himself license to do for America what other leaders have not done.
Paal notes that early next month two key trade investigation reports are due and, unless something knocks them off course, they are going to lead to high tariffs on some products and maybe even outright bans.
And the Chinese will retaliate as they feel appropriate, he said.
“So we will go from the good feeling, high emotions of this state visit, which we'd call the sweet, to sour in December on trade. And that would be more suitable to the way Trump thinks about his political constituency and the debt he owes that constituency for his election,” Paal said.
Paal added the outcome of such an approach and impact on America is widely uncertain, but what is clear is that Trump will stick to his domestic political calculation until it proves to be wrong.
​Trade investigations
In addition to a section 301 investigation into China's use of policies to force foreign companies to hand over intellectual property in exchange for market access, the Trump administration has also launched a section 232 investigation to determine whether cheap Chinese aluminum and steel imports threaten national security.
Both would allow the administration to levy tariffs on Chinese goods. Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 was a popular trade tool that was used in the 1980s against Japan, and it allows the president to impose tariffs or other restrictions to counter unfair trade practices.
China has called the launch of the investigation “irresponsible” because it is based on a domestic U.S. law that could be applied outside of the framework of the World Trade Organization.
Some have warned that the use of such measures could trigger a trade war between the two countries. Others, however, argue that the trade war began a long time ago and that the difference is that previous administrations did not do enough about it.
“I think there are very few people who would say that the previous administrations, whether it was the Obama administration or the Bush administration, were overly aggressive in enforcing trade law. Many people would say that they were insufficiently aggressive in enforcing U.S. law when it comes to unfair trade practices of U.S. trading partners,” said Ross Feingold, senior adviser with the American political risk manager DC International Advisory.
Economic bullets
In addition to the investigations, there is a bipartisan push by lawmakers in both the Senate and House of Representatives to bolster the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, or CFIUS.
If the draft legislation is approved, it would not only broaden the scope of the interagency body's review of foreign investments in the United States, but expand it to include joint venture investments overseas as well.
CFIUS evaluates investments in the United States for potential threats to national security. Some lawmakers have proposed expanding the review domestically and to include investments overseas as well. A proposal that is likely to not sit well with big American multinational corporations.
Ethan Cramer-Flood, associate director of The Conference Board's China Center and Asia Programs, said that over the past year there has been an enormous amount of tactical preparation and economic bullets for eventual economic confrontation.
And while that is no guarantee that will happen, the trade investigations and proposed CFIUS legislation are all part of that effort.
“The Trump trade team and their allies in Congress are loading up the chamber,” Cramer-Flood said. “That doesn't mean they are going to fire the bullets, but they are creating a sort of legal arsenal, so that rather than just rhetoric and yelling, there are things the U.S. side can do to cause real pain on the Chinese side.”
What the Trump administration is aiming to do, Cramer-Flood said, is accumulated leverage and create a legitimate concern from the Chinese perspective, in hopes of bringing about change.
Without that kind of pressure, China is unlikely to have any interest in changing the status quo, which has been working very well for it for the past 30 years, he added.
Joyce Huang contributed to this report.
Do you believe Cole Hamels will no longer be on the Philadelphia Phillies by August 1? And if you think he will twirl his three-finger changeup in key situations to put up zeros for a contender, what city do you have in mind? Are you considering the New York Yankees, the Boston Red Sox, The Chicago Cubs or the Los Angeles Dodgers?
GENUINE INSIGHT
In or Out:
The factors of time, position, resources, investment and public relations determine the last-minute decisions by those who again have their reputation on the line after a year's effort.
Complaining about baseball's mediocrity, many fans have missed the successful parity that began in 1965 with the MLB Draft, ending the Yankees' first pick of talent. Yes, the most successful franchise signed Mickey Mantle over Willie Mays and Hank Aaron, and they could have had all three if they had the brilliance of their myth. Then, when free agency gave deep-pocketed organizations the opportunity to purchase stars, baseball eventually countered with the luxury tax, multi-tiered playoffs and two wild cards. Ergo, parity reigns supreme.
The Buyers:
According to the standings, one of the four opposing clubs in this review may not be dealing for a postseason berth.
David Manel of SB Nation obtained this quote from GM Neil Huntington of the Pittsburgh Pirates. Note: The general manager's translation for a buyer's market is the “asking price is unrealistic” mantra.
“I wish these markets existed when we were on the other side of it, when we were sellers,” Huntington said. “This is absolutely a sellers market [sic], at this point in time. Now, there may be a dozen teams that go on hot and cold runs and it clarifies some pictures, but there are a lot of teams that are within striking distance. … I think it's awfully tough to get those teams to take away from their major league team.”
The Dodgers:
In first place by 2.5 games with a 38-29 mark, they may need a dependable third starter behind Clayton Kershaw and Zack Greinke. Clearly, Los Angeles has a realistic shot to play serious October baseball, and they have the treasure and youngsters–except for the 18-year-old pitcher in Double-A ball–to trade for any shortcoming. But having a rotation member of questionable health isn't in management's best interest: They have left-hander Brett Anderson with an injury-riddled history and righty Brandon Beachy with a July return from his second consecutive Tommy John surgery, which has a success rate of 78 percent, albeit a small sample size for two reconstructions. In other words, they might need a dependable arm behind their two aces or a third stud because Greinke will probably opt out of his contract after the season: The Phils have Hamels signed for another three full summers.
Odds to acquire a starting pitcher: 80 percent.
The Yankees:
With Masahiro Tanaka, Michael Pinada and Ivan Nova, they will only have a need if they cannot rely on their three right-handers, but the first two could miss significant time after any outing, while Nova will need frames to get back up to speed. But what would Hamels cost the Bronx Bombers? It could take a package including catcher Gary Sanchez and either right fielder Aaron Judge or righty Luis Severino.
Odds to acquire a starting pitcher: 80 percent.
The Cubs:
Before the year, Chicago wasn't planning on being a contender until 2016, but now the bleacher creatures will demand a closer: Jonathan Papelbon, Tyler Clippard, Francisco Rodriguez or Aroldis Chapman. But are the Cubbies with a 35-29 record a legitimate possibility for the postseason beginning with the NLDS? Maybe. If they acquire a solid ninth-inning fireman, they can use their four right-handers as setup men: Hector Rondon, Jason Motte, Pedro Strop and Rafael Soriano. Waiting, however, is a double-edged sword: They can move closer to the St. Louis Cardinals–who have many stars on the disabled list–or Chicago could lose ground with blown saves. Of course, they have the financial resources and prospects to plug this hole.
Odds to acquire a closer: 70 percent.
The Red Sox:
Until Boston is a .500 team, they have no reason to part with their top minor leaguers or add significant payroll. Meanwhile, the Sox are 29-39 for 27th place; they are in front of the Oakland A's (29-40), the Milwaukee Brewers and the Phils. In other words, they won't make a major deal if they are below .500 and in a seller's position.
Odds to acquire a starting pitcher: 25 percent.
Trade Bait:
Puzzling their supporters with a recent transaction, the red pinstripes called up right fielder Domonic Brown and sent down first baseman Darin Ruf. And it confused the masses who pointed to it as proof of incompetence and no plan whatsoever. Though, if Ryan Howard is a DH in the Junior Circuit by July 31, Ruf will need daily at-bats now to be his replacement. Meanwhile, the motivation to escape the Triple-A Lehigh Valley IronPigs was management's ploy to salvage Brown's future because he is out of options.
Jonathan Papelbon:
Considering the competition of lefty Chapman–if the Cincinnati Reds decide to become sellers–and right-handers Rodriguez and Clippard, the cost for Papelbon won't be the MiLB players of the southpaw or have the risk factor of Rodriguez, but Clippard will be a free agent in 2.5 months. On the other hand, the asking price for Paps will be half of his unpaid contract–$8.67 million of $17.33 million–and a package like the Dodgers paid for Jimmy Rollins. But keep in mind, the Phillies have four potential landing spots for the controversial reliever: Chicago (NL), the Toronto Blue Jays, the Seattle Mariners and the Washington Nationals.
Odds for a trade: 80 percent.
Aaron Harang:
Even though he had a 3.83 ERA last season at this time and has a 3.24 ERA now, he struggles in June: a 4.42 ERA in 2014 and an 8.15 ERA after three 2015 attempts. That stated, Aaron Harang produced a 2.65 ERA last July and will need a repeat performance for Philadelphia to maximize his value: Some teams might have interest in a fourth starter. Therefore, one or two prospects would move him to a playoff hopeful: Los Angeles (NL) and the Houston Astros.
Odds for a trade: 75 percent.
Ben Revere:
With left fielder Cody Asche, center fielder Odubel Herrera and right fielder Brown, Ben Revere coming off two .300 campaigns could be the spark plug a contender would barter for. Also, Revere can create havoc on the base paths and be an adequate left fielder. In fact, the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim and Seattle are two possible suitors, and two decent minor leaguers would bring a swap to fruition.
Odds for a trade: 70 percent.
Ryan Howard:
Expecting his hot streak to continue into June was wishful thinking, but he's due for another numbers-building run. But while Los Angeles (AL) and the Minnesota Twins are probable destinations for a designated hitter, the last asking price for him was $25 million (40 percent of $60 million). Howard's contract, however, will be at $43.17 million on August 1 and 40 percent then will be $17.27 million. But a buyer may only be willing to pay $10-15 million and one minor league player if he increases his statistics with 10-14 days of solid offense.
Odds for a trade: 70 percent.
Cole Hamels:
Matching up with an organization that has a solid MiLB talent pool won't do any good if a new club doesn't believe adding Hamels will propel them deep into the postseason. But Jim Salisbury of CSNPhilly.com believes the southpaw will be on the move at the deadline, while no agreement exists here. Basically, if Ruben Amaro Jr. accepts a package not including a top-tier minor leaguer from a well-stocked farm system, the Phillies will receive four youngsters like they gave the Cleveland Indians for Cliff Lee in 2009. Besides, the 2016 and 2017 squads will need a veteran arm to anchor a rotation with inexperienced hurlers: right-handers Aaron Nola and Zach Eflin.
Odds for a trade: 25 percent.
PLAYER & ODDS BY 8/1 TEAMS SECONDARY TEAMS Papelbon 80% TOR & CHC SEA & WAS Harang 75% HOU LAD & SD Revere 70% SEA & LAA —– Howard 70% MIN & LAA TB Hamels 25% LAD & NYY STL & HOU Ruiz 15% —– —– Utley 05% —– —–
In December, my numbers for potential swaps were in this article: “Storyline: Trading Odds for the Phillies.” And you can compare the similarities and differences if you like.
For the most part, finalized trades have a mid-July likelihood because fast-moving negotiations are not the norm at this point: General managers will bargain over every detail before committing. However, Toronto might be the exception if they experience a drop-off after their recent 11-game winning streak.
When fans view deals through a distorted lens, they see Boston's 2013 championship as proof that a packaged trade of Hamels and Howard would be successful, while they ignore Boston's cellar dwelling since then and the San Diego Padres' current losing record: Both teams made big splashes in the offseason. Meanwhile, the locals had demanded rebuilding for months from a 73-win franchise, but now they are complaining that these mounting defeats are unacceptable: An anticipated decrease of 10-15 triumphs equals 58-63 victories, which is probably where they'll finish. But while only a desperate GM will pay fair value for Hamels, Chase Utley and Carlos Ruiz are worth more on the red pinstripes than their current valuation; and Papelbon, Harang, Revere and Howard will most likely have new employment addresses. But what team will acquire Papelbon?
The Numerical Bible:
Storyline and Red Alert are not sabermetrics articles, which means no heavy statistical analysis. But because some readers rely on stats, this is only a reference: no reason to articulate the importance of these numbers.
Note: 2015 statistics are through June 18.
* The Angels demoted him and recalled him from Triple-A.
Closers:
RH Papelbon, 34.5: 26 Gms., 26 2/3 Inn., 13 Saves, zero BS, a 1.01 ERA, a 2.39 FIP, a 2.95 xFIP, a 2.44 SIERA, a 0.98 WHIP, a 0.6 WAR and a 4.43 K/BB.
RH Rodriguez, 33.5: 24 Gms., 24 Inn., 13 Saves, zero BS, a 1.13 ERA, a 2.35 FIP, a 2.74 xFIP, a 2.51 SIERA, a 0.79 WHIP, a 0.6 WAR and a 3.71 K/BB.
RH Clippard, 30.5: 27 Gms., 27 1/3 Inn., 10 Saves, two BS, a 2.96 ERA, a 3.80 FIP, a 5.34 xFIP, a 4.58 SIERA, a 1.24 WHIP, a 0.2 WAR and a 1.86 K/BB.
LH Chapman, 27: 31 Gms., 30 1/3 Inn., 14 Saves, one BS, a 2.08 ERA, a 2.01 FIP, a 2.87 xFIP, a 2.33 SIERA, a 1.29 WHIP, a 1.1 WAR and a 2.94 K/BB.
Starters:
LH Hamels, 31.5: 14 Gms., 94 1/3 Inn., 5-5, a 2.96 ERA, a 3.55 FIP, a 3.17 xFIP, a 3.21 SIERA, a 1.11 WHIP, a 1.7 WAR and a 3.32 K/BB.
RH Harang, 37: 14 Gms., 89 Inn., 4-8, a 3.24 ERA, a 3.92 FIP, a 4.56 xFIP, a 4.46 SIERA, a 1.10 WHIP, a 1.3 WAR and a 2.54 K/BB.
RH Johnny Cueto, 29.5: 13 Gms., 90 2/3 Inn., 4-4, a 2.98 ERA, a 3.27 FIP, a 3.28 xFIP, a 3.18 SIERA, a 0.95 WHIP, a 1.9 WAR and a 3.32 K/BB.
LH Scott Kazmir, 31.5: 13 Gms., 76 Inn., 3-4, a 2.84 ERA, a 3.60 FIP, a 3.69 xFIP, a 3.79 SIERA, a 1.20 WHIP, a 1.0 WAR and a 2.52 K/BB.
RH Mike Leake, 27.5: 13 Gms., 82 2/3 Inn., 3-4, a 4.35 ERA, a 4.86 FIP, a 3.92 xFIP, a 4.19 SIERA, a 1.26 WHIP, a 0.1 WAR and a 2.09 K/BB.
DHs:
LH Howard, 35.5: 62 Gms., 240 PA, a .236 Avg., a .276 OBP, a .471 SLG, a .236 ISO, a .283 BABIP, a 0.3 WAR, 12 HR, 30 RBI and a .747 OPS.
SH Kennys Vargas, almost 25: 37 Gms., 139 PA, a .235 Avg., a .273 OBP, a .348 SLG, a .114 ISO, a .307 BABIP, a -0.5 WAR, four HR, 11 RBI and a .622 OPS.
* RH C.J. Cron, 25.5: 35 Gms., 114 PA, a .204 Avg., a .237 OBP, a .269 SLG, a .065 ISO, a .247 BABIP, a -0.6 WAR, one HR, six RBIs and a .505 OPS.
RH Billy Butler, 29: 66 Gms., 279 PA, a .256 Avg., a .312 OBP, a .358 SLG, a .102 ISO, a .288 BABIP, a -0.5 WAR, five HR, 32 RBI and a .670 OPS.
LH Adam LaRoche, 35.5: 61 Gms., 242 PA, a .227 Avg., a .339 OBP, a .386 SLG, a .159 ISO, a .307 BABIP, a 0.2 WAR, eight HR, 24 RBI and a .725 OPS.
Newcomers:
In my opinion, the articles here represent the thinking of a front-office baseball man and occasionally non-playing field personnel. Reading people is the answer to their decisions: past, present and future. Also, the humanizing element highlights their successes, challenges and pitfalls regarding mental, emotional, and physical factors.
There will be a published Storyline and/or Red Alert each week. Storyline features multiple stars and Red Alert highlights a specific player.
Storyline: The “What Is a Phillie” Answer
The Most Visited Articles:
Since their recent track-record listing, these six are the most popular. Click the archives for Tal Venada for all other reviews.
Storyline: The 1-2 Punch of Phillies' Drafting
Red Alert: Hamels for a 3rd-Best Maybe, Phillies?
Storyline: Trading-Value Strategy by Position for the Phillies
Storyline: Nola's Odds for the 2016 Phillies
Storyline: Good News for the 2016 Phillies
Storyline: Utley's Unannounced Replacement on the Phillies
During the course of a full calendar year, dollar values fluctuate and present-tense usage indicates only the current worth.
The publication date of this review was June 19, 2015. If this is not a recent date, check my author archives for my latest piece at Tal Venada.
Notification for Storyline and Red Alert:
If you want to receive a personal message per article,
tweet me or you can Follow @Tals_Storylines
Essendon has made a further two changes to its list ahead of the 2017 season.
The Club would like to thank Nick Kommer and Yestin Eades for their contributions to the Club after both players were delisted today.
General Manager of Football, Rob Kerr, thanked Kommer for his service over the past four seasons.
“Nick is a wonderful young man and an extremely popular member of the playing group,” Kerr said.
“Despite the injury setbacks Nick has faced since arriving at the Club, he has always maintained professional standards and shown commitment in his approach to developing his football career.
“Nick is also a great role model and leads by example in his efforts within the community, in particular his work with Ladder – supporting young people at-risk or experiencing homelessness."
Kerr also thanked Eades for his efforts during his first year as the Club will consider its options to re-list the 19-year old.
“Yestin has a lot of raw talent and he will be given every chance to secure a spot on the Club's rookie list in the upcoming rookie draft,” Kerr said.
“We will continue to follow his journey and progress over the coming weeks.
“Both Nick and Yestin will always be welcome at the Essendon Football Club and we wish them all the best for the future.”
Kommer was drafted to the Club with pick 73 in the 2012 National Draft and played 22 senior games for the Bombers after making his debut in Round 1, 2013 against Adelaide.
Eades was drafted to the Club with pick 64 in the 2015 National Draft and made his debut in the VFL during the 2016 season.
Summary of changes to date;
An image from MBNA's recent advertising campaign. MBNA LONDON — Lloyds Banking Group is buying the MBNA UK credit card business from Bank of America for £1.9 billion ($2.4 billion) in an effort to increase profit and reduce its reliance on mortgage lending.
The move represents the first major acquisition for Britain's biggest mortgage lender, which is part-owned by the government, since it was bailed out during the 2007-09 crisis.
Lloyds said the deal, which is expected to close in the first half of 2017, includes around £800 million of acquired equity and assumes £240 million for future claims for mis-sold loan insurance (PPI).
Analysts said the move represented a good use of the bank's excess cash, but warned it carried some risks given Britain's uncertain economic outlook following the country's vote to leave the European Union in June.
"Lloyds will be broadly doubling up its exposure to credit cards at a particularly benign point in the bad debt cycle and ahead of a potential slow-down... once the terms of the UK's exit from the EU are reached," Gary Greenwood of Shore Capital said.
The British lender said it would pay through cash generated by its ordinary business operations.
"The acquisition... increases our participation in the expanding UK credit card market with a multi-brand strategy and advances our strategic aim to deliver sustainable growth as a UK focused retail and commercial bank," António Horta-Osório, Group Chief Executive, said.
Lloyds said it was confident of being able to deliver a progressive and sustainable ordinary dividend in 2016, but Greenwood said the bank might reconsider its special dividend promised for the end of the year in order to fund the deal.
The deal will lift the contribution of the consumer finance business to 21% of the bank's pre-tax profits from 17%, reducing Lloyds' reliance on the UK mortgage business, Joseph Dickerson of Jefferies said.
MBNA, which made after-tax profits of £123 million in the first half of 2016, would add £650 million a year to group revenues, Lloyds said, adding the deal could shave £100 million a year from MBNA's cost base. ($1 = 0.8073 pounds)
(Editing by Alexander Smith)
Made to facilitate Fallout 4 development
In twilight of 2013, Nintendo put out a remastered The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker for Wii U. One of the key reasons cited for the project's existence was it allowed the Zelda team to experiment and familiarize itself with the new hardware before developing the next entry in the franchise.
It seems Bethesda took a similar approach with Fallout 4. Instead of releasing the post-apocalyptic action role-playing game alongside the new Xbox or PlayStation, as The Elder Scrolls: Morrowind and Oblivion once had, the studio opted to spend a little more time with the kit before launch.
"The first thing we did was port Skyrim to Xbox One," Fallout 4 director Todd Howard told Game Informer. According to Howard, this was done purely as an exercise to allow Bethesda's staff to understand the new hardware faster than they would making a new game from the ground up.
As for whether we'll ever see that Skyrim port on new platforms, Howard cautioned "don't get your hopes up yet," indicating nothing is in the works right now while suggesting it might be someday.
Fallout 4 development began by porting The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim to Xbox One [Game Informer]
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
WASHINGTON -- Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul leapt to the defense of "crazy bastards" Thusday night, arguing in a spat with fellow Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham (S.C.) that they are just as deserving of lawyers as anyone else.
Graham had been arguing in favor of an amendment barring the government from spending money to ship terrorism suspects from the prison base in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the U.S.
"The American people don't want to close Guantanamo Bay, which is an isolated military controlled facility, to bring these crazy bastards that want to kill us all to the United States," Graham said. "Most Americans believe that the people at Guantanamo Bay are not some kind of burglar or bank robber.They are bent on our destruction."
The amendement passed 54 to 41, with Paul voting for it, but the Kentucky lawmaker -- who later voted to end indefinite detention of Americans in the United States -- wanted to make clear that crazy bastards are people, too, and that they deserve to get trials in America.
"I want to make formal objection to the 'crazy bastards' standard," said Paul, who was once accused of some of his own odd behavior in allegedly blindfolding a coed at Baylor and making her worship the "Aqua Buddha."
"I don't really think that if we're going to have a crazy bastard standard that we shouldn't have a right to trial by jury, because if we're going to lock up all the crazy bastards, for goodness sakes, would you not want, if you're a crazy bastard, to have a right to trial by jury?" Paul said.
He meant that in all seriousness.
"I think this is a very serious debate and should not be made frivolous," Paul said in arguing against an indefinite detention system that parks suspects in Gitmo with little more than a habeas corpus hearing. "This is an ancient right that we have defended for 800 years, for goodness sakes. To say that habeas is due process is absurd. It's the beginning of due process. if you don't have a right to trial by jury, you do not have due process. You do not have a Constitution. What are you fighting against and for if you throw the Constitution out?"
Paul, at that point, was arguing for an amendment that aimed to ensure American terror suspects arrested in the United States get trials.
If you're new to Ruby on Rails, one of the most daunting aspects knows what's the preferred way of accomplishing a given task. While a lot of techniques and libraries have come and gone as the community's preferred way of doing something, there are some best practices that remain, and can lead to writing the cleanest, most secure and maintainable Rails code possible.
Listed here today are ten of the most popular and useful best practices you can use as a Ruby developer.
Fat Model, Skinny Controller
Arguably one of the most important ways to write clear and concise code in Ruby on Rails, the motto “Fat Model, Skinny Controller” refers to how the M and C parts of MVC ideally work together. Namely, any non-response-related logic should go in the model, ideally in a nice, testable method. Meanwhile, the “skinny” controller is simply a nice interface between the view and model.
--ADVERTISEMENT--
In practice, this can require a range of different types of refactoring, but it all comes down to one idea: by moving any logic that isn't about the response (for example, setting a flash message, or choosing whether to redirect or render a view) to the model (instead of the controller), not only have you promoted reuse where possible but you've also made it possible to test your code outside of the context of a request.
Let's look at a simple example. Say you have code like this:
def index @published_posts = Post.all :conditions => {['published_at <= ?', Time.now]} @unpublished_posts = Post.all :conditions => {['published_at IS NULL OR published_at > ?', Time.now]} end
You can change it to this:
def index @published_posts = Post.all_published @unpublished_posts = Post.all_unpublished end
Then, you can move the logic to your post model, where it might look like this:
def self.all_published all :conditions => {['published_at <= ?', Time.now]} end def self.all_unpublished all :conditions => {['published_at IS NULL OR published_at > ?', Time.now]} end
With the methods Post.all_published and Post.all_unpublished , we've not only made it simpler to test our code, we've also made it possible to reuse that same set of conditions in another location. But as we'll see shortly, even this is still not ideal.
Reusable Scopes and Relations
In the example above, we still weren't quite at the optimal level. For example, what if we wanted to fetch a single published post? We'd have to duplicate the conditions in another method—which just leads to more and more junk code.
Fortunately, Rails provides a better way—scopes (in older versions of Rails they were called named scopes). Put simply, a scope is a set of constraints on database interactions (such as a condition, limit, or offset) that are chainable and reusable. As a result, I can call MyModel.my_scope.another_scope , or MyModel.my_scope.first , or MyModel.my_scope.all .
So, taking our previous example again, we could rewrite it as follows in Rails 3:
scope :published, lambda { where('published_at < = ?', Time.now) } scope :unpublished, lambda { where('published_at > ?', Time.now) }
And in Rails 2:
named_scope :published, lambda { {:conditions => ['published_at < = ?', Time.now]} } named_scope :unpublished, lambda { {:conditions => ['published_at > ?', Time.now]} }
This would then allow us to use Post.published.all and Post.unpublished.all where needed.
Even better, as of Rails 3, Rails now supports relations—essentially, arbitrary scopes that can be used anywhere. For example, Post.where(:title => 'Hello World').first instead of Post.first :conditions => {:title => 'Hello World'} , meaning you now get powerful features such as chaining for arbitrary database calls.
This leads to better constructed code and more reusable queries—you start to think in terms of what a scope or combination of scopes can achieve—in other words, the big picture—rather than just what your one query is. As a bonus, it makes it much nicer to compose very complex queries such as searches by simply adding the relations and scopes you need.
Package Your Code into Gems and Plugins
If you've used Ruby on Rails a decent amount, you've most likely noticed the wealth of rubygems available to Rails developers. If there is a relatively general problem, it's highly likely another developer has already solved it.
So, when you write code you think is general enough—which usually just means you've written it more than once before in another application, stop and think about how you can extract it into a plugin or gem suitable for a wider range of purposes. This not only pays off the next time you need said functionality, but it also forces you to stop and evaluate your approach to the problem—more often than not, I've found that extracting code from an application has led to a simpler design. You also shouldn't forget that as a developer, releasing open source code can pay off in other ways.
When it comes to using that code next time, as an added bonus it'll generally be tested already and well explored—resulting in generally better code from the multiple stages of refactoring.
Along the same lines, spend some time looking at open source gems that already solve your problems. If you're not sure where to start, a GitHub search is usually a good jumping-off point, and Ruby Toolbox contains a listing of the most popular plugins in the community.
Use the Built-in Ruby Duck Typing Methods
As a language, Ruby uses several conventions that can make development easier. For example, implementing a to_s instance method on an object will give you a standard way of getting a string representation of your object.
By implementing these standard type conversions—in addition to to_s , there's also to_i for integers and to_a for arrays—you make it possible for your Ruby code to be more concise. As an example, have a look at the following string interpolation:
"Hello there, #{user.name}"
If you alias the name attribute to to_s , you could instead write simply:
"Hello there, #{user}"
Other places in Ruby that use to_s (and, for other situations, to_i and the like) will automatically take advantage of this string representation of your object.
Alongside this, you can also implement the Enumerable module for any of your classes that you want to provide with useful iteration features. All you need to write in your class are the and methods. These two simple additions give you a whole heap of extra functionality for free: methods like map , inject , sort , max , min , and a number of others.
Manage Attribute Access
By default, when using mass assignment in Rails—that is, code similar to User.new(params[:user]) and @user.update_attributes params[:user] —Rails will assign every attribute without doing any checking. Your validations prevent bad data but they don't, for example, prevent you from overwriting an attribute that you don't want to change.
To solve this, ActiveRecord uses two methods— attr_protected and attr_accessible . Using attr_protected , you declare a blacklist of variables you don't want assigned (for instance, attr_protected :admin, :password_hash ). Using attr_accessible, which is generally prefered, you declare the ones you do want to be able to assign (for instance, attr_accessible :login, :email, :password, :password_confirmation ).
By doing this, you prevent any mass assignment that could occur via your application's forms—just because you don't have a field for a given attribute doesn't mean a hacker can't add it to the request. This way you're either forced you to manually set certain attribute values or, more usefully, provide a protected method to use when you want to set the value.
From a security perspective, using attr_accessible and attr_protected forces you to think about what should be editable and how to protect the ways in which your class's attributes are set.
Use Non-database-backed Models
Although models in Rails are mostly based on ActiveRecord::Base or some other type of object mapper for a database, it's important to remember that in MVC, the M isn't restricted to database-backed models.
Using non-database-backed models can help to organize logic which might otherwise become muddy. For example, there are libraries that give you an ActiveRecord -like interface for contact form emails.
Using ActiveModel (available in Rails 3 and higher), it's possible to take arbitrary objects that encapsulate a set of common behavior and use them as your models. Adding virtual models also makes it easier to adhere to RESTful controller design, as you can represent data other than database entries as resources. As a prime example, several popular authentication libraries in Rails now represent the user's current authenticated session as a model, and I've personally implemented a password reset as a model.
When it comes time to interact with these models in your controller code, your code will be that much cleaner, as you can use the exact same approach as with database-backed models.
Virtual Attributes
If you find that you're manipulating data before passing it to a model (for example, converting the type of object), it's likely time you started structuring your code to take advantage of virtual attributes.
Virtual attributes are a very simple idea—essentially, all you're doing is defining your own getter and setter methods.
Let's say you were using the following code to set a user's name:
@user = User.new(params[:user]) @user.first_name, @user.last_name = params[:user][:full_name].split(" ", 2)
You could remove the second line, and instead add the following to your User model:
def full_name=(value) self.first_name, self.last_name = value.to_s.split(" ", 2) end
Whenever you set the full_name attribute, your model will now automatically set the first_name and last_name attributes for you as well, even though full_name doesn't exist in the database. Likewise, you'll typically want to define a getter method, full_name , that returns "#{first_name} #{last_name}" .
Using virtual attributes, you can use alternative representations of data in forms with relatively little effort. It's also much simpler to test the logic in isolation, which is always a good thing.
Use Translations
As of Rails 2.2, the framework itself has shipped with strong support for internationalization (or i18n) out of the box. All you need to do is maintain a YAML file of translations, and use I18n.t / t in your code where there is data shown to the user. Essentially, the Rails i18n framework makes it easy to declare the map of an abstract context to a string.
From a developer's perspective, using I18n is useful for more than just rolling your app out to more locales. When it comes time to rename something in your interface, having a single place to look for the string in question in order to replace it across the whole application is much quicker than scouring your code for every occurrence.
If you want to get started with Rails' I18n framework, there is a very thorough guide made freely available on it by the community.
In Conclusion
There are literally hundreds of coding practices or techniques that can make your life as a Ruby on Rails developer easier, but I've tried to pick out ten that are broadly applicable to just about every project, and which are often ignored. Do you follow these practices already? Will you start? Do you have any others you'd add? Let me know in the comments.
And if you enjoyed reading this post, you'll love Learnable; the place to learn fresh skills and techniques from the masters. Members get instant access to all of SitePoint's ebooks and interactive online courses, like Learning Ruby on Rails 3.
Comments on this article are closed. Have a question about Ruby on Rails? Why not ask it on our forums?
Tottenham head coach Mauricio Pochettino defended Vlad Chiriches after his mistake gifted Besiktas a last-gasp leveller in the Europa League.
Until the dying embers of the game, it had looked like Spurs would win the Group C encounter thanks to Harry Kane's fine 20-yard strike in the first half.
Goalkeeper Hugo Lloris would have taken the majority of praise for the victory after a wonderful display, although he was eventually beaten by a nonchalant, late Demba Ba penalty.
Tottenham defender Vlad Chiriches capped a poor performance by giving away 89th minute spot-kick
Chiriches is given a yellow card after conceding a late penalty for handling the ball in the penalty area
Demba Ba scored a last-gasp penalty to earn Besiktas a point from their Europa League tie with Tottenham at White Hart Lane
The former Chelsea striker Demba Ba slotted home his 89th-minute penalty at White Hart Lane to deny Tottenham victory
Chiriches capped a poor performance by giving away the 89th minute spot-kick with a foolish handball when trying to make amends for an initial air kick, although Pochettino defended the Romania international after the 1-1 draw.
'In football you always can make a mistake,' the former Argentina defender said. 'It was an unlucky action, a difficult action in this moment.
'He made one mistake after another mistake, but we need to accept it because this is football.
'I am very disappointed, I am angry, I am frustrated and all that you want to say, but it is 1-1 in the end.
'We conceded in the last minute, which is very disappointing, and maybe frustrating. It is hard to accept this.'
Edgar Davids was in attendance at White Hart Lane for Tottenham's Europa League clash with Besiktas
Former Chelsea and Newcastle striker Demba Ba battles with Tottenham defender Vlad Chiriches for possession of the ball
Harry Kane fires home from long range to give Tottenham the lead in the 27th minute at White Hart Lane
Harry Kane runs away to celebrate his goal that gave Tottenham the lead over Besiktas in their Europa League encounter
Harry Kane is congratulated by Ben Daves and Roberto Soldado after giving Tottenham the lead
Not willing to apportion the blame to Chiriches, Pochettino was equally reserved when offered the chance to single Lloris out for praise.
'It is important to have a goalkeeper like him or Michel Vorm or Brad Friedel,' the Spurs head coach said. 'They have a lot of experience and they are top class.
'Yes, he produced two or three big saves and I liked their goalkeeper because he produced two big saves too. It was 1-0 and if we scored the second goal, then we kill the game.
'When the game is open and they have the opportunity, they have the chance and we let them open the game, but it is okay. It is football and we need to accept that.'
Besiktas counterpart Slaven Bilic was more forthcoming with praise for Lloris after the match, calling the goalkeeper 'one of the best' in the world after this display.
Besiktas' Olcay Sahan attempts an ambitious, acrobatic volley at goal which flew just wide of the far post
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino and Besiktas boss Slaven Bilic give their teams instructions from the touchline
Hugo Lloris denies Demba Ba from point-blank range, one of his many crucial saves for Tottenham
However, he saved his biggest compliments for his team after they fought back to secure a deserved draw at White Hart Lane.
'Well, it was, even for the neutrals, a good game of football,' the former Everton and West Ham defender said.
'Like every coach when your team is participating in a good game, we are happy. If the result comes with that, you are happier, of course, but at least you are happy because you made the spectators happy.
'I don't want to sound big-headed but for every team that comes to White Hart Lane and takes a point, it is a good point. No matter what the team is, Manchester United, Besiktas, whatever - nobody is favourite here apart from Tottenham.
'The only thing I am not happy with is the result because we dominated from the first minute.
'We were basically excellent apart from the chances that we created but didn't score and it was so frustrating to go in at half-time 1-0 down.
'We were so good that I told them 'don't lose your head, just keep passing, keep passing, keep passing. It will come' - and then it came.'
Demba Ba made no mistake with the penalty, coolly slotting past the helpless Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris
Demba Ba celebrates in front of the jubilant Besiktas supporters after securing a point for the Turkish side
Tottenham manager Slaven Bilic acknowledges the travelling support after the final whistle
“There's a playbook in Washington that presidents are supposed to follow,” then-President Obama said last year, defending his decision not to unilaterally strike Syria in 2013. “It's a playbook that comes out of the foreign-policy establishment. And the playbook prescribes responses to different events, and these responses tend to be militarized responses. Where America is directly threatened, the playbook works. But the playbook can also be a trap that can lead to bad decisions.”
Last week, by impulsively ordering a military strike against a Syrian air base, President Trump both followed the playbook and fell into the trap. To be clear, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's apparent use of chemical weapons against civilians in the town of Khan Sheikhoun is a heinous crime. Almost six years of civil war in Syria have led to nearly half a million dead and millions more displaced, a humanitarian crisis worsened by the Trump administration's cruel and senseless attempts to ban Syrian refugees. The human suffering has been horrific to watch. Yet despite the fervor of the bipartisan foreign policy establishment, which fetishizes the purported “credibility” that accompanies the use of force, it remains folly to think that Trump's military action will help end the carnage.
It is a testament to the absurdity of the presidential “playbook” that perhaps the most irresponsible act of Trump's madhouse presidency has also been one of the most widely applauded. Suddenly, much of the same media and political establishment that has routinely portrayed Trump as an unstable and inept authoritarian are ecstatic that he decided to drop bombs in the Middle East. Airing footage of the assault, MSNBC anchor Brian Williams admired the “beautiful pictures of fearsome armaments.” Five major newspapers collectively published 18 pieces that endorsed the strikes or argued they were insufficient, according to media watchdog Fairness & Accuracy in Reporting.
The decision to strike also earned Trump rare bipartisan praise in Congress. In a statement, Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.) declared that “President Trump confronted a pivotal moment in Syria and took action. For that, he deserves the support of the American people.” Likewise, Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) called the attack “the right thing to do.”
But there is little evidence that the strike accomplished anything beyond a temporary popularity boost for a flailing president. If Trump's goal was to punish Assad for using chemical weapons, the punishment was effectively nothing more than a timeout, as Syrian warplanes resumed use of the targeted air base less than 24 hours after it was hit. And if Trump has a coherent strategy for what happens next, he has failed to communicate it to the American people or the international community.
(Louisa Loveluck, Jason Aldag/The Washington Post)
At this point, the primary consequence of Trump's muscle-flexing has been to dramatically increase tensions with Assad's most important ally, Russia. Defying the charge that he is “Putin's puppet” has conveniently quieted Trump's domestic critics and distracted from the investigation into his campaign, but it has also brought the United States much closer to a dangerous confrontation with a nuclear-armed Russia. In the aftermath of the bombing, Russia quickly suspended the “deconfliction” agreement the countries used to prevent collisions in Syrian airspace — an agreement through which the United States notified Russia of the strike in advance — and dispatched a frigate toward U.S. Navy destroyers in the Mediterranean.
Meanwhile, the bombing also escalated one of Trump's most troubling conflicts at home — his ongoing conflict with the Constitution. By ordering the strike without seeking authorization from Congress, as the Constitution requires and as Trump himself once demanded of Obama, many legal experts say Trump violated existing law.
In any case, after railing against the foreign policy establishment as a candidate, Trump has now made it plain that his non-interventionist rhetoric, like his supposed economic populism, was a farce. During the campaign, Trump pledged not to get involved in a war in which U.S. interests were not at stake. He expressed sensible skepticism of regime change after the debacles in Iraq and Libya (despite his previous support for both wars). In 2013, he said military escalation in Syria could ultimately lead to “World War III.” Accordingly, it's no surprise that Trump's utter betrayal of his campaign promises has left many of his die-hard supporters furious.
One of the few remaining pledges that Trump hasn't broken, in fact, is the one that hurts Assad's victims the most. As the leaders of the Congressional Progressive Caucus said in a statement, “The best way President Trump could help the people of Syria would be to immediately abandon his inhumane ban on refugees from Syria and other war-torn countries.”
Despite the clamoring of the bipartisan foreign policy establishment, the unfortunate reality is that their “playbook” does not contain a path to victory in Syria. Rather than agitating for more U.S. military intervention in a war that cannot be won, we should be calling on our government to lead a diplomatic effort to end the war once and for all. And for those who recognize that Trump cannot bomb his way to peace, it is time to revive and mobilize an antiwar movement to keep the United States from getting entangled in another Middle East war with no clear strategy and no end in sight.
Read more from Katrina vanden Heuvel's archive or follow her on Twitter.
A mum-of-five who claimed she was gang raped by a group of teens who posted a video of the incident on YouTube has been arrested in connection with the incident.
In a shocking twist, the 24-year-old currently living in temporary accommodation in south-west London with her partner and young children, was arrested on Friday on suspicion of having sex with a minor and perverting the course of justice.
She was subsequently bailed pending further inquiries and is due to return to the same police station later this month.
No charges will be brought against the three teens - two aged 16 and one aged 14 - who were arrested over the episode earlier this year.
The woman claimed the three youths spiked her drink and raped her repeatedly in a 14-hour ordeal at her south London home last November.
But she did not report it to the police straightaway and claimed she was too scared to do so because the teenagers kept threatening her.
It was only a few months later, when a friend spotted the sickening three-minute clip of the incident on YouTube, that her partner encouraged her to report it to police.
The video had been posted on the site shortly after the episode took place and was seen by 600 people before it was removed by YouTube in February.
The footage shows the mum having sex with the teens, while she is seemingly unconscious. Two of her children are heard crying in the background and at times the youths laugh into the camera.
But despite the horrific nature of the video, investigating police officers have questioned the woman's version of events. She could now be charged with having sex with a minor and perverting the course of justice.
Her children have also been placed on the Child Protection Register and she fears social services will take them away from her.
"I had no idea this would happen - I thought everything would be OK because I have told the truth," she said. "The police are turning it on me - it's ridiculous. I can't take much more.
Her partner of 10 years, and father of her children, added: "What's happened is totally outrageous. And we've been forced to stay where we are living for seven weeks - it's unacceptable.
"We've done nothing wrong and we're the ones suffering."
A police spokesman confirmed the woman had been arrested and bailed and the teens are unlikely to face charges.
World Health Organization tells of ‘very serious situation' after confirming three known cases where all antibiotics were ineffective
Untreatable strains of gonorrhoea are on the rise, the World Health Organization has warned, fuelling fears that last-resort drugs will soon be futile after three confirmed cases in which antibiotics were ineffective.
Gonorrhoea is the second most common bacterial sexually transmitted infection (STI) in the UK after chlamydia, with almost 35,000 cases reported in England in 2014. The WHO estimates that 78 million people worldwide contract the disease each year, with most cases affecting young men and women under the age of 25.
The latest warning is based on findings from two studies, co-authored by WHO researchers, looking at data from 77 countries; in more than 50, first-line antibiotics were ineffective.
Listerine gargle every day helps to slow spread of gonorrhoea, study finds Read more
“To control gonorrhoea, we need new tools and systems for better prevention, treatment, earlier diagnosis, and more complete tracking and reporting of new infections, antibiotic use, resistance and treatment failures,” said Marc Sprenger, director of antimicrobial resistance at the WHO. “Specifically, we need new antibiotics, as well as rapid, accurate, point-of-care diagnostic tests – ideally, ones that can predict which antibiotics will work on that particular infection – and longer term, a vaccine to prevent gonorrhoea.”
These concerns were echoed by others in the field.
“We are markedly concerned about the rise in antibiotic resistant gonorrhoea in the UK,” said Prof Claudia Estcourt, a member of the British Association for Sexual Health and HIV. “In a very short space of time, we have seen changes in the bacteria at an unprecedented rate, which means that many antibiotics which used to work are no longer effective. We are running out of options.”
As well as widespread resistance to first-line antibiotics for gonorrhea, resistance is increasing against second and third-line treatments, too.
Gonorrhoea spreads through unprotected vaginal, oral or anal sex, as well as through the sharing of sex toys that have not been washed properly or covered with a new condom. Many of those who contract the disease experience no symptoms, but if left untreated the disease can cause infertility and, in pregnant women, puts babies at risk of blindness.
Since the introduction of antibiotics in the 1930s, the bacteria responsible for gonorrhoea, neisseria gonorrhoeae, has shown a remarkable ability to stay one step ahead of our most effective antibiotics.
“Gonorrhoea is a very smart bug,” said Teodora Wi, a human reproduction specialist at the Geneva-based UN health agency. “Every time you introduce a new type of antibiotic to treat it, this bug develops resistance to it.”
Wi said one of two new studies on gonorrhoea published in the journal Plos Medicine had documented antibiotic-resistant cases in Japan, France and Spain.
“These are cases that can infect others. It can be transmitted,” she told reporters. “And these cases may just be the tip of the iceberg, since systems to diagnose and report untreatable infections are lacking in lower-income countries where gonorrhoea is actually more common.”
Experts added that funding issues were adding to the problem.
“We are concerned that at a time of increasing drug-resistant gonorrhoea and limited treatment options, overall funding for sexual health services [in the UK] is being reduced, and a quarter of local authorities have had to reduce spending on sexual health services,” said Estcourt.
Contact the Guardian securely Read more
Manica Balasegaram, director of the Global Antibiotic Research and Development Partnership, said the situation was “grim” and there was a pressing need for new medicines.
The pipeline, however, is very thin, with only three potential new gonorrhoea drugs in development and no guarantee any will prove effective in final-stage trials, he said.
“We urgently need to seize the opportunities we have with existing drugs and candidates in the pipeline,” he said. “Any new treatment developed should be accessible to everyone who needs it, while ensuring it is used appropriately, so that drug resistance is slowed as much as possible.”
HOUSTON - A man died Thursday afternoon when he was crushed by granite slabs at a northwest Houston business.
The death was reported about 12:50 p.m. at 13040 Hempstead Road at Vivaldi Stone Company.
According to workers, two men were trying to load two large slabs of granite, which were 11 feet by 6 feet and weighed 400 pounds each, onto a truck.
The workers said a huge gust of wind hit the slabs of stone and pushed them over, sending them crushing down on one of the workers below.
The man was pinned under the shattered granite rock and was killed upon impact.
The identity of the victim was not immediately released.
Download the Click2Houston news app in your app store to stay up-to-date with the latest news while you're on the go.
Sign up for KPRC 2 newsletters to get breaking news, sports, entertainment, contests and more delivered straight to your email inbox.
2016 Click2Houston/KPRC2
Today, in Facebook's latest earnings statement, the social networking giant disclosed that it spent $1.06 billion on research and development in the first quarter of 2015. That's almost 30 percent of all the revenue that it brought in during the quarter ($3.54 billion).
The 30 percent figure might be freaking out financial wonks — since it's higher than usual for staid tech companies. (And it would be fair for them to cite this quarter's revenue dip.) But really, they shouldn't worry. Facebook is spending to hire more people in order to make itself — or its technology, really — super-smart.
The spending will continue, at least through the year.
“In 2015, we plan to continue hiring software engineers and other technical employees to support our research and development initiatives,” as Facebook stated plainly in its annual report in January.
It's probably not worth it to throw a fit over the spending because over time, all the investment might very well pay off.
Image Credit: Jordan Novet/VentureBeat
In December 2013, Facebook undertook a major commitment to research, specifically around artificial intelligence, signaled by the hiring of Yann LeCun. A pioneer of convolutional neural networks, a key architecture for a trendy type of AI known as deep learning, LeCun has been rapidly bringing on talent, partly through organic hires, and partly through acquisitions. For example, in January Facebook announced it had bought Wit.ai, a small speech-recognition startup.
And last year Facebook also brought on board Vladimir Vapnik, known for his work on a popular type of machine learning algorithm, the support vector machine (SVM).
The arrival of people like Vapnik and LeCun suggests that Facebook intends to be a haven for researchers, not just coders who can maintain or make slight tweaks to existing infrastructure.
Facebook has been making advancements when it comes to mining videos, pictures, and text for information. And in the domain of speech, Facebook picked up formidable technology through the Wit.ai deal. Facebook has been improving its AI systems and even sharing them with the world.
All this activity takes money. Deep learning talent is highly sought after. So Facebook has been digging into its deep pockets for this sort of expertise. Ads that are better targeted to consumers as a result of highly intelligent algorithms will inevitably pay off in the form of increased revenue to Facebook while other companies scramble to catch up and improve their tech stacks.
Eventually, the R&D activity — specifically hiring — should settle down. And eventually the most staggering numbers in Facebook's earnings statements will end up being the top line — and the bottom.
“Star Trek: Voyager” is back, in a way. The latest expansion for “Star Trek Online” features several of the characters, voiced by the actors who played them in the fourth expansion of the classic television franchise.
See photos: ‘Star Trek Into Darkness' Premiere: Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto, Zoe Saldana
Robert Picardo, Jeri Ryan, Garrett Wang, Ethan Phillips and Tim Russ return in character, with the story picking up 32 years after Voyager finished its journey home from the Delta Quadrant, as chronicled in the UPN series from 1995 to 2001.
Missing from the reunion are Kate Mulgrew, as Star Trek's first female captain, Robert Beltran, Robert Duncan McNeill, Roxann Dawson and Jennifer Lien.
Also read: ‘Star Wars' Forces J.J. Abrams to Give ‘Star Trek 3' to First-Time Director Roberto Orci
The “Star Trek Online: Delta Rising” expansion launched Wednesday, and sends players back to the Delta Quadrant to face a new threat. Along the way, they will get to work alongside Starfleet legends like Tuvok (Russ), Seven of Nine (Ryan), Neelix (Phillips), Harry Kim (Wang) and The Doctor (Picardo), with the actors voicing their characters in-game.
The MMORPG is free to play and can be found at startrekonline.com.
Robert Lewandowski's five-goals-in-nine-minutes exploits against Wolfsburg had supporters and journalists asking a 40-year-old question: Will the Polish striker, who currently has eight Bundesliga goals after six games, break Gerd Muller's record of 40 league goals, which was set in 1971-72?
No one has come close the feat of "the man to whom Bayern Munich owe all of their success," as Franz Beckenbauer once called him. Even more remarkable, however, is the fact that, over the space of the last four decades, Germany's leading club has not produced many centre-forwards who could even begin to trouble Der Bomber's legacy.
Since Muller, only five Bayern players have won the Torjagerkanone, the trophy for the Bundesliga's leading scorer: Karl-Heinz Rummenigge (1979-80, 26 goals; 1980-81, 29; 1983-84, 26), Roland Wohlfarth (1988-89, 17; 1990-91, 21), Giovane Elber (2002-03, 21), Luca Toni (2007-08, 24) and Mario Gomez (2010-11, 28).
It's rather poor return, and one that speaks of a perhaps surprising truth behind the numbers: For all their pedigree and trophies, Bavaria have rarely employed forwards of genuine world-class ability.
The underrated Rummenigge, a two-time European Footballer of the Year winner, was very much in that bracket in his prime, but it should be noted that he predominantly lined up as a left winger, albeit with a licence to start his mazy runs from all over the pitch.
In the years after Kalle, Bavaria's options in the No. 9 role ranged from solid target men like Dieter Hoeness and expert goal-hangers such as Roy Makaay to over-the-hill superstars like Jean-Pierre Papin, one-season wonders such as Adolfo Valencia, and downright flops -- Mazinho, for example.
Of the good to better ones, no one personified the team in the way that star attackers tend to at other sides. In recent years, World Cup-winner Toni played an important role in Bayern's re-emergence as a European power, but his impact was neither as profound nor as long-lasting as that of Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben, who took Bayern to a new level with their wing play after 2009.
Between them, Robert Lewandowski, left, and Thomas Muller, right, have scored 14 goals in six Bundesliga games this season.
The two wide midfielders' influence was greatly enhanced by the Bavarians' adoption of elements of Spanish-Dutch tactics under Louis van Gaal, Jupp Heynckes and Pep Guardiola. Now it looks as if the system is changing slightly again, towards a more central thrust of attacks.
That development already started, out of necessity, towards the end of last season, when injuries to Ribery and Robben forced Guardiola to forego his preference for wing play and adopt a more direct approach through the centre.
In Douglas Costa and Kingsley Coman, Bayern have brought in wide players to deputise for the often-injured "Robbery" star duo, but crucially this season, they have mostly lined up as orthodox rather than inverted wingers, tasked with providing ammunition for Lewandowski and/or Muller rather than with cutting inside and going for goal themselves the way Ribery and Robben like to do.
Once you add the powerful runs of Arturo Vidal, the return of Philipp Lahm as a right-back and Thiago Alcantara's through-balls to the mix, it's clear that the 2015-16 Bavaria are more geared to supporting central scorers. They still rely on width, but on width that, first and foremost, is a means to breaking through to the goalmouth.
The funnelling effect has been strengthened by the irrepressible Muller, who has 12 goals in 11 games for club and country this season, playing closer to Lewandowski as a second striker in the hole and sometimes even ahead of his colleague, who boasts identical numbers for Bayern and Poland in the current campaign.
"With Lewandowski's substitution [vs. Wolfsburg at half-time], Guardiola changed his system," Suddeutsche Zeitung noted on Wednesday. Mario Gotze moved to the right, Costa moved to the left and Muller took his position as a shadow centre-forward behind the hero of the night.
"The first few weeks of the seasons have shown that Bayern's set-up has evolved," the broadsheet added, moving towards a system that brings out the best of the central attackers. Both the team and the strikers themselves have looked better as a result.
Lewandowski, to be sure, will not always find back lines as accommodating as Wolfsburg's. Their key holding midfielder, Luiz Gustavo, was not at his best at the Allianz Arena, and the Brazilian centre-backs Dante and Naldo enjoyed scarcely more protection than defenders of the Selecao had done in their 7-1 World Cup semifinal defeat by Germany.
Lewandowski's goal tally might also suffer from Muller taking penalties and Guardiola employing a rotation policy to keep the dressing room happy, but the 27-year-old Pole's early-season form points to him making Bayern "his" team, in way that he couldn't manage in his first year at Sabener Strasse.
Furthermore, the erstwhile rivalry with Muller -- in terms of starting places -- has evolved into a fruitful partnership, and both have benefitted from each other's increased confidence this season.
Muller's contract will soon be renewed with another hefty increase in wages in recognition of Manchester United's €120m bid and the "not for sale for any price" tag that Rummenigge gave him.
Along with Lewandowski, Muller has made himself undroppable, and the slightly tense dressing room atmosphere that was discernible after August's Supercup defeat to Wolfsburg has dissipated completely over the last few weeks.
Guardiola, who said that he had never before experienced a night like Tuesday in Munich -- "I don't know what happened", he said -- won't be overly concerned with either of his forwards breaking Gerd Muller's record, but the devastating form that both display will give the coach hope that his third season could yet deliver the Champions League trophy he and the club covet so much.
Bayern don't have a superstar like Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo, but the combination of Lewandowski and Muller might deliver just as many goals, approaching world-class quantities, especially now that the team is specifically set up to support them.
Raphael Honigstein is ESPN FC's German football expert and a regular guest on ESPN FC TV. He also writes for the Guardian. Twitter: @honigstein.
Very old butter. (Photo: Cavan County Museum)
In Emlagh bog in County Meath, Ireland, which was once at the juncture of three different kingdoms, a turf cutter has found a giant knob of “bog butter,” buried hundreds of years ago and preserved to this day.
“It did smell like butter,” one person who held the giant lump told UTV Ireland.
“Bog butter” is butter that has been buried in a bog. The Irish Times describe it as a “creamy white dairy product, which smells like a strong cheese.” The earliest known examples date back almost 2,000 years, but there are records of people burying butter as recently as the 1800s. This one is estimated to be an early example but will be studied further to date it.
Why would anyone bury butter in a bog? Often, to preserve it: butter made hundreds of years ago, without salt, wouldn't last long, but the cool, low oxygen environment of the bog could extend its life. Bog butter is sometimes found encased in wooden containers or animal hide, to protect it as well.
This hunk of bog butter had no case, though. It may have been buried for a more formal reason—as an offering to the gods, who might keep the place it was buried safe.
Even after hundreds of years, it could still be edible, although it's not clear that it would taste good or that it's a good idea to eat butter meant for gods.
Every day, we highlight one newly found object, curiosity or wonder. Discover something amazing? Tell us about it! Send your finds to sarah.laskow@atlasobscura.com.
Gastro Obscura covers the world's most wondrous food and drink.
Sign up for our email, delivered twice a week.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The whole Mohamed family will move to Qatar
Ahmed Mohamed, a 14-year-old Muslim boy from Texas whose teacher mistook his homemade clock for a bomb, will move to Qatar with his family.
Ahmed has accepted a scholarship from the Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community Development, where he will study.
He met US President Barack Obama at the White House on Monday.
After Ahmed was detained over the clock last month, his case went viral on social media.
Some alleged he was unfairly treated because of his name and religious background. Officials in Irving Texas defended their decision, saying they were only concerned with the safety of students.
The Qatar Foundation is providing a full scholarship for his secondary and undergraduate education, according to a news release.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ahmed Mohamed meets US President Barack Obama
"Our family has been overwhelmed by the many offers of support we have received since the unfortunate incident of Ahmed's arrest," the Mohamed family said in the release. "From the White House to Sudan, to Mecca, we have been welcomed by a variety of individuals, businesses and educational institutions."
According to his family, Ahmed will be enrolled in the Qatar Foundation's "Young Innovators" program and his whole family will relocate with him to Qatar.
"Qatar was a cool place to visit. I loved the city of Doha because it's so modern. I saw so many amazing schools there, many of them campuses of famous American universities," said Ahmed in the news release. "The teachers were great. I think I will learn a lot and have fun too."'
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Ahmed's homemade clock was mistaken for a bomb
Ahmed withdrew from his Texas school shortly after the clock incident.
He was arrested on 14 September after his teacher mistook his clock for a bomb, sparking outrage and the trending hashtag #StandWithAhmed.
In addition to being invited to the White House, Ahmed received an outpouring of support from scientists, politicians and celebrities including Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg.
Who Ahmed has met
Image copyright AFP
US President Barack Obama
Google co-founder Sergey Brin
Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu
Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir
National Geographic Society CEO Gary Knel (above)
Queen Rania of Jordan
Mashable CEO Pete Cashmore
Just what is a 'suspicious' object?
BUDAPEST (Reuters) - After keeping Hungary in junk for years, rating agency Standard and Poor's lifted the country's debt rating back into investment grade on Friday in a surprise move, rewarding Prime Minister Viktor Orban for fixing state finances and boosting the economy.
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban delivers a speech during a business conference in Budapest, Hungary, March 10, 2016. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
The agency raised Hungary to BBB-/A-3 from BB+/B, citing improving fiscal, external, and growth expectations, while maintaining its stable outlook.
The move, which markets had not expected so soon, followed an upgrade by Fitch in May, and immediately boosted the forint. It is expected to drive Hungarian government bond yields lower as some investors will shift money into Hungarian assets.
Returning Hungary's debt to investment grade could boost Orban's standing at home and abroad at a time when he has upset international partners with his tough stance on migrants and refugees. Orban, who showed the IMF the door after he rose to power in 2010, has pursued a go-it-alone economic policy since then.
S&P said Hungary's economy could grow at an average rate of 2.5 percent in coming years, helped by rising consumption, while its public debt was expected to decline to about 70 percent of gross domestic product in 2019 from 75 percent in 2015.
"Hungary's external financial profile, which has improved considerably since 2009 will remain robust," the ratings agency said. (bit.ly/2cuikSd)
“Rising employment and real disposable incomes are likely to continue fueling private consumption growth.”
In 2016 Hungary's budget deficit is expected to narrow to 1.8 percent of GDP, well below the EU's 3 percent ceiling.
Economy Minister Mihaly Varga said the upgrade was “long overdue” and it could make debt financing cheaper while boosting the forint.
“The good performance of the Hungarian economy has borne fruit. The market has taken this step long ago, now we have returned to the category where we would have belonged for some time,” Varga told a news conference.
He said the third big rating agency, Moody's, could lift Hungary's rating to investment grade in November when its next review is due, and that Hungary might tap international markets within a few months with a foreign currency bond, but not in the short term.
Hungary's debt was downgraded to junk by major rating agencies after Orban took power in 2010 and embarked on unorthodox policies to steady the budget, which included punitive taxes on the financial sector.
But last year Orban made a truce with banks he had squeezed for years and his right-wing government has kept the budget deficit firmly under control since 2012.
FUNDS TO SHIFT
Dealers said Hungarian assets would quickly benefit from the upgrade, with the forint gaining further versus the euro and yields falling, even though markets have mostly priced in a positive change in Hungary's credit rating for this year.
“Now, with two agencies at investment grade, Hungary is de facto investment grade, and a number of real money asset managers would likely increase their portfolio exposure based on risk criteria alone,” Commerzbank said in a note.
Attila Behan, a chief dealer at KH Bank in Budapest, said Hungarian long-term bonds could be popular with investors now.
“Now it is not only the short end which will be bought but also the medium and long end of the curve, and its steepness can decline markedly,” he said, adding that the forint could soon test levels even firmer than 300 to the euro.
Hungary's central bank, which holds a rate meeting on Tuesday where it is expected to keep its main base rate unchanged at a record low of 0.9 percent, was not immediately available for comment.
MEXICO CITY — Hoping to focus attention on the plight of the monarch butterfly at a North American summit meeting next week, a group of prominent scientists and writers urged the leaders of Mexico, the United States and Canada to commit to restoring the habitat that supports the insect's extraordinary migration across the continent.
Calling the situation facing the butterfly “grim,” the group issued a letter that outlined a proposal to plant milkweed, the monarch caterpillar's only food source, along its migratory route in Canada and the United States.
Milkweed has been disappearing from American fields over the past decade as farmers have switched to genetically modified corn and soybeans that are resistant to the herbicide glyphosate that kills other plants. At the same time, subsidies to produce corn for ethanol have increased, expanding the amount of land planted with corn by an estimated 25 percent since 2007.
“We can't ask farmers to change their habits,” said Homero Aridjis, the Mexican poet who wrote the letter, which was to be released on Friday.
Newcastle United are preparing for the new season in a style typical of their much revered manager, Rafa Benitez.
The club's owner, Mike Ashley, has met his match in the shape of the Spaniard who, as football writer Kristan Heneage summed up in this article, has a history of letting those upstairs know exactly what he thinks.
For Newcastle it was a much-needed change in dynamic. Ashley's unpopularity with the club's fans has been well documented, but since Benitez rolled up at St James' Park, the fans have had a very influential voice on their side.
This strong-willed attitude has spilled over into the transfer market, and is where Benitez really comes into his own.
“We are working very hard and trying to get as close as possible to some signings,” said the experienced manager in a recent interview.
“When I had the meeting with Mike Ashley I was confident that after that meeting we have the money available and the wages. Everything is in place to move forward. Hopefully, Mike can keep his word and we can do what we want to do.”
And with that last line he sent a subtle reminder to the owner that should one of the players on this list become gettable, he wants them getting.
The most recent of these players could turn out to be an inspired signing, and he'll be the second Spaniard to arrive at the club this summer after Javier Manquillo.
Even though he only turned 21 last month, Mikel Merino already has experience in two European leagues, as well as youth international experience. He was part of the Spain squad which won the UEFA European Under-19 Championships in 2015, and was also a member of their European Under-21 Championships squad this summer.
He began his professional career at Osasuna, scoring three goals and adding one assist in the Segunda División play-offs which saw his side promoted to La Liga in 2016. But rather than take his place in Spain's top division, Merino was snapped up by German side Borussia Dortmund.
The official Bundesliga website waxed lyrical about the player on his arrival. “Composed in possession with a keen eye for a pass, the technically gifted youngster also boasts a quick turn of pace and an ability to read the game that belies his age.
“Those are all qualities that Dortmund head coach Thomas Tuchel, a proven promoter of young talent, will be keen to nurture into a midfield engine for BVB's ‘special way of playing football'.”
He didn't get the chances his talent deserved, or required in Germany. He ended up being behind Julien Weigl and Gonzalo Castro in the pecking order, as well as struggling to get game time ahead of Sebastian Rode and the versatile Raphael Guerreiro.
When he did get on the pitch there were promising signs, but the two games he started in the Bundesliga were in the centre of defence. This is another position he has in his locker and you could well imagine him become a very useful ball-playing left sided centre back in a possession based side.
It all depends on the route Benitez wants to take with the player, but at the moment a play-maker role in midfield would get the most out of him.
At 6ft 2 in (188cm) he has the size to challenge in the air but also the skill, passing ability, and movement to knit play together in the middle of the park.
The long passes he sends to teammates with his left foot catch the eye, and could see him quickly put together a decent highlight reel in a Newcastle shirt should he get the game time.
Here's an example of his intelligent passing, even from the position of centre back.
He carries the ball from defence into his familiar midfield position, and instead of looking for an easy pass (the left back is free and asking for the ball) as most traditional centre backs would, he spots a channel through which he can play the ball directly to the striker.
The pass dictates Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's movement into the space, and the striker's run indicates he's aware of his team-mate's ability to pass into this narrow area even through traffic.
Fans will notice his clever play and his ability to roam across the pitch into space if given licence to do so, play-making from deep positions as well as more advanced ones.
His style could see him rack up the hockey style assists as the second to last man to touch the ball before the goal, and there is some also some good set piece potential in his left foot, which can always be handy.
Due to his lack of minutes in the Bundesliga there isn't much statistical data publicly available, but throughout his career at Osasuna and Spanish youth sides he's always put up good numbers in terms of passing, both long (81% accuracy) and short (89% accuracy), and also has good numbers for aerial duels, winning over 60%.
Benitez will have brought the player in as much for his mentality as his skill, and while he's not the fastest, Merino's work rate and attitude on the pitch should go down well with fans and team-mates alike.
It'll be interesting to see if he gets a game ahead of current first team regular Jonjo Shelvey, who's similar in style, or indeed if the two play together in front of the defence.
Either way, the new signing was a personal target of the manager and will go some way to meeting the targets he's set for those in the boardroom during this transfer window.
FOLLOW FOOTBALL WHISPERS ON FACEBOOK AND TWITTER
CHICAGO — A group viciously attacked a 50-year-old man at a Chicago intersection while some people shouted "Don't vote Trump!" and "You voted Trump?"
The attack, captured on video, happened at the intersection of South Kedzie Avenue and West Roosevelt Road in North Lawndale Wednesday afternoon.
In the 32-second video, two men, possibly teens, are seen punching and kicking an older man in the street.
As the two men attacked the victim, one witness yelled: "You voted Trump?" and "Beat his a--." Another witness said, "Don't vote Trump" and "Steal his stuff."
At 12:48 p.m. Wednesday, Chicago Police responded to a call of a battery at the intersection, according to Officer Kevin Quaid, a Chicago Police spokesman. The victim was battered after a traffic-related altercation that involved three unknown men and three unknown women, Quaid said.
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT:
During the attack, one of the attackers appears to steal an item from the victim, possibly a cell phone, according to the video.
After the altercation, one of the attackers entered a vehicle and fled the scene, police said.
In a second 45-second video, one of the attackers is seen jumping into the gold car at the intersection. In an attempt to stop the attacker from driving away, the victim hangs on to the rear driver's side window. As the attacker speeds away from the scene, the victim is dragged by the car, according to the video.
The 50-year-old victim was transported to Mt. Sinai Hospital in good condition, Quaid said.
No suspects are in custody and the motive that sparked the attack is still under investigation, Quaid said. Anyone with information is asked to call Area North detectives at 312-744-8263.
The video, posted at 9:26 p.m. Wednesday on Twitter, was retweeted more than 4,000 times in less than 12 hours. It was also shared on YouTube and other social media sites.
Ald. Michael Scott Jr. (24th) called the violent incident "very disturbing." The North Lawndale leader is working with the Ogden and Harrison Police districts to investigate the attack.
Scott said he does not yet know whether the man is a Trump supporter.
"It is very disturbing to see any act of violence, especially an act of violence [that may have been based] on a man's political preference or views," he said. "This is something I and the people of North Lawndale will not tolerate."
Quoting Martin Luther King Jr., Scott said: "To return hate for hate does nothing but intensify the existence of evil in the universe."
In a statement, anti-violence activist and Rev. Michael Pfleger condemned the attack.
"This is unacceptable and must be condemned by everybody," the St. Sabina pastor said. "Violence is NEVER an acceptable response. Emotions are raw coming out of this election, but frustration, anger and despair do not give permission to be violent. Let us not surrender to evil, rather rise above it!!!!!"
RELATED: 'Fearful' of Future With President Trump, Chicago LGBTQ Mourn Progress
RELATED: Thousands March Against Trump in Chicago: 'Hate Won't Make America Great Again'
RELATED: Trump Fans Flood Chicago's Trump Tower As The Donald Declares Victory
RELATED: Did U Of C Professor Predict Trump Victory — In 1962?
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here.
Editor's note: This interview was featured in the Nov/Dec '13 issue of RoadRUNNER. To make the text fit within the space constraints of the magazine we had to cut it down quite a bit. Here is the full-length text from the interview.
Jamie Hyneman is the epitome of a modern day Renaissance man. His list of interests and skills is as long as it is diverse. After earning a degree in Russian linguistics from Indiana University, he went on to become a boat captain and dive master in the Virgin Islands before entering the world of special effects and working on movies like Star Wars Episodes I and II and the Matrix Trilogy. Jamie has also been an animal wrangler, robot builder, chef, and building inspector. But for all this, Jamie is best known as the mustachioed co-host of the Discovery Channel series Mythbusters. In addition to his other interests, Jamie is an avid motorcyclist, a fact that has surfaced several times on the show.
RR: Let's begin with your motorcycling history. When did you first learn to ride, and what was your first bike?
Jamie: I was riding minibikes from maybe 12 years old or so. I lived on an orchard and had lots of room to ride. I eventually moved up to dirt bikes, like a Super Rat, and some others. My first road legal bike was a 250 BSA. Then I had a Triumph Bonneville. I totaled the Triumph when a car pulled out of a driveway in front of me when I was going about 60 on a highway. I just sailed right over top of it and landed quite a distance away. It was winter and I was heavily clothed and was wearing a helmet so I was not hurt at all. After mopping up all the oil leaks on the garage floor and struggling to keep those old British bikes running, I got a Yamaha XT 500T ‘thumper' which I loved. I rode that thing all over the country. It was light enough to take off road some, but heavy enough to move down the highway without struggling. It was a very reliable bike and had a nice feel to it.
RR: What's the most memorable motorcycle trip (if you can name one) that you've ever taken?
Jamie: I was in Seattle when Mount St. Helens erupted, and as soon as it
calmed down some I hopped on the thumper and rode to the mountain. I worked my way down a bunch of dirt roads—most of which were closed off to normal traffic because of the eruption—and tried to ride on top of the mud flows. I got fairly close to the mountain, but the mudflows were problematic. You could stay on top for a while and then hit a soft spot and drop in to the axle. It was ominous back there, kind of scary. No one was around, and the mountain was kind of sitting there smoking.
RR: Many people would say that yours is one of the all-time greatest dream jobs. How did you come to be on Mythbusters?
Jamie: Well, I had been running my FX business for a number of years and had become successful over time by diversifying into work like prototyping that would pay the bills in between the movie and commercial work that was the mainstay. Such FX work is very intermittent and hard to rely on. So when an offer to do a pilot for a TV show came along I did it as a matter of policy—even though I felt it was virtually impossible that it would turn into anything. Just goes to show, you have to try things. You never know what will happen.
RR: In the Mythbusters episode entitled “Tablecloth Chaos,” you used your Buell 1125R to bust a myth in which a BMW S 1000 RR pulls a tablecloth out from under a fully loaded banquet table. What did you learn from that experiment?
Jamie: That I could actually get tired of going flat out on a really fast bike with no speed limit over and over again. The runway we use is a mile and a quarter long, and in between takes I was getting that Buell up to about 180. The thing is, it ends at the bay, and at that speed, if you wait until you see the end of the runway before you start to brake, it would be too late. So I kept doing it over and over, starting at about 130 and adding about five or ten miles per hour until 180, which was a nice round number and didn't make me feel like I would end up in the bay.
RR: In addition to the 1125R do you have any other bikes in your stable?
Jamie: No, I don't have any other bikes. And I am thinking about selling the Buell before I kill myself on it. It has been modified by Erik Buell Racing with the racing ECM, muffler, a different wishbone with a chain instead of the belt, and fiberglass body work, as well as having the cooling fans taken off of it. So it is not road legal, and will overheat in traffic. I haven't taken it on the road since that episode because it would be a shame to undo the mods. But I don't have time to race—and as host for Mythbusters I am a ‘commodity' and they won't allow me to because of the risk. So if any of your readers wants to make an offer, let me know! It only has a few hundred miles on it. It's a great bike.
RR: In the midst of your busy filming schedule, how often are you able to escape for a ride?
Jamie: That is one reason I haven't put many miles on the bike—I don't have much free time.
RR: You live in the San Francisco area. Do you have any favorite routes there?
Jamie: There are a lot of routes that go to or follow Highway One along the coast. In northern California there are hundreds of miles of hairpin turns and with a bike like the Buell you can just whip it through those like barrel racing a horse. 128 up toward Mendocino is a good one.
RR: As a motorcyclist and mythbuster, do you get especially excited about motorcycle-related myths? Do you have any that you've been hoping to get a chance to bust?
Jamie: As it happens, there is a new episode premiering soon where I try to ride a dirt bike at high speed across a reservoir. There are videos you can bring up on YouTube that show people doing this, but they can be faked, and many of them are shot in such a way that you can't tell for sure if the water is actually just very shallow or not. So we got a dirt bike from Service Powersports in Indiana, where they take light weight aluminum frame dirt bikes intended to have a 250cc four-stroke engine and put 500cc two-strokes in them. They pioneered doing this and make more or less the fastest dirt bikes you can get—pretty much anything you want to do with a bike, they can give you more than you can handle. Since major manufacturers don't make two-strokes any more, these guys make them to order, and pound for pound you can't beat them. The torque on those engines is instantaneous and explosive, and on those light frames they are almost too hot to handle. I can't tell you how the episode turned out, as it has not aired yet, but I can tell you in the episode I end up riding one of those bikes flat out onto a reservoir. It was the craziest thing I have ever done with a bike, and it turned out pretty amazing.
RR: In a segment of the show entitled “Bike vs. Car,” you conclude that cars are actually a “greener” form of transportation than motorcycles, a claim that is somewhat controversial. How did you arrive at this outcome? Is there anything you'd do differently if you were to redo the segment?
Jamie: I have to say, I don't really agree with the conclusion we came up with. We had to say that, because that is what the data was that we got and so that is what we put out there. But I think that 250 Yamaha we used for the final test was not functioning properly or there was some other problem with how we were testing it. I have spoken with Erik Buell about it, for example, and he says the 1125R has numbers as good as a car. Keep in mind that proper science usually involves more than one test and while we probably do as good of a job as anyone could have given the constraints of shooting a TV show, we like to think of what we do as more thought provoking than definitive. There is no reason a motorcycle can't be as clean as an automobile—we just showed what we got with what we tested. I do think that manufacturers could do much better in attempting to minimize the amount of pollution and fuel consumption on bikes though.
RR: On the show you are frequently inventing and fabricating. Have you ever invented or built anything for a motorcycle?
Jamie: Not really. I probably will some day. If I had the time and end up keeping the Buell, it would be fun to strip it down and mod it with a bicycle seat and a long wishbone. That big engine with nothing else that is not needed around it would be cool looking. It has a quality to it not unlike the look of the latest version of the bat mobile.
RR: If the opportunity to do Mythbusters hadn't come along, what do you think you'd be doing instead?
Jamie: I would be engineering things. Before Mythbusters I was notorious for making a robot for Robot Wars named Blendo that was the most dangerous robot around at that time. The matches lasted a few seconds, just long enough for the opponent to explode from the impact. Engineering is what I do for fun.
RR: How long have you known your co-host, Adam Savage? What is it that makes your relationship work so well (at least on-screen)?
Jamie: I've known Adam for going on 20 years. What makes it work is respect. We don't even like each other, but we have respect for what we bring to the table. Sometimes the best people to be around are not exactly like you—because if they were, what is the point? If they contribute something different than you can, that is when they are valuable.
RR: Aside from your work on Mythbusters, you also run M5 Industries, a visual effects company. Can you share any projects you're currently working on?
Jamie: There are several projects I have running, but most are in development and I can't talk about them until they are on the market. What I can discuss is that I have been working on new types of armor specifically aimed at mitigating blasts from IEDs and such for the military. The designs aim to try to shed or redirect blast waves rather than absorbing them or overcoming them with brute force. Armor on Humvees and other military vehicles can be so heavy that it is impractical, and at the same time may deflect shrapnel but not blast pressures. You might be intact after a blast, but there is no point if you are jelly.
RR: How many patents do you hold and what are they for?
Jamie: I have a couple; one is for a gyroscopically stabilized device—which you could ride in like a motorcycle. But it is a sphere, with a large gyro on a vertical axis. You steer by accelerating or decelerating the gyro. You can also burn rubber taking off with it, because of the gyroscopic stabilization—where without it you would just flip over inside. Another one is for a tiny electromechanical actuator about the size of an aspirin. There are also several that are patent pending.
RR: What thoughts do you have on electric bikes and the technological future of motorcycling?
Jamie: There are a couple of things about electric bikes: one is that biking seems to me to be more about the experience than practicality—except for short trips in a congested area. And if your idea of the experience involves a noisy motor, then you will probably stay with those. The other is that most trips on motorcycles are probably relatively short, and so the limitations of batteries are not as pronounced. The power and performance you can get from an electric bike is very competitive to internal combustion engines now, and so I am sure they will become much more prominent in the near future as manufacturers catch up. And I personally like the fact that they are quiet.
RR: What skills do you still wish to add to your impressive repertoire?
Jamie: Anything I can find time to. It all adds to a foundation of knowledge that allows you to extrapolate answers to things or solve problems in areas you have no direct experience with. I am spending a lot of time learning CAD these days as it is extending my reach as a designer and builder. I would like to take up flying at some point.
RR: Are there any big ambitions still sitting on Jamie Hyneman's backburner?
Jamie: There are all sorts of crazy machines percolating there. I would love to have access to a company like Caterpillar. I would make all their stuff remote controlled and work ten times as fast.
RR: How long do you see yourself hosting Mythbusters? What is your idea of retirement?
Jamie: We are still going strong on the show, and are starting to produce new, unrelated series for Discovery. At some point I would like to just design and build things though. Filming what you build, like we do on Mythbusters, makes it take five times longer than it otherwise would. So that is what I would do, just make whatever I want, instead of having to collaborate every minute.
Photos courtesy of Jamie Hyneman
Want to receive free Touring Tips, reviews, deals and contests, and additional content? Sign up for your free newsletter now!
A father in Blanchester, Ohio was arrested and charged with child endangerment after his eight-year-old son skipped church.
According to reports, eight-year-old Justin Williamson chose not to board a Woodville Baptist Church van with his siblings and instead decided to play outside without informing his father.
“My kids run in the house in the living room here and tell me, ‘Hey, Dad, the church van's here. We're leaving. We're going on to church,' ” Jeffrey Williamson, Justin's father, told WCPO 9.
Justin then reportedly took a half-mile walk down the road to go to the Family Dollar where he was approached by Blanchester police. Officers allege Justin was lost and did not know his way home, a claim Justin's father vehemently denies.
“That's definitely totally, totally untrue,” Williamson said. “He knows his way around this whole neighborhood right here.”
After bringing Justin back home, police began questioning Williamson.
“I told the cop he goes out in the neighborhood and plays every day with all the other kids,” Williamson said. “There's a million kids around here that play. I know the parents. The parents know me.”
As his other children returned in the church van, Williamson was suddenly placed in handcuffs.
“The next thing you know, he comes up to me and he says, ‘You're under arrest.' My kids start crying their eyes out wondering why I'm getting arrested,” Williamson said.
Not only was Williamson fired from his job after the story ran front page in the local paper, but his children now constantly fear he may be taken away again.
“Every time that we leave in our car or drive down the street or something like that, every time they see a cop in Blanchester, they freak out and say, ‘Daddy, Daddy, Daddy, are they going to arrest you?' ” Williamson said.
Williamson is expected in Clinton County Municipal Court on July 15 where he says he will fight the charges against him.
“It's ridiculous to me that I was arrested for this,” Williamson said.
Local residents are currently debating if the arrest was justified, with a majority siding with the father. Activities once considered normal childhood behavior have now begun prompting police action.
In 2012, a Texas mother was also arrested and jailed on child endangerment charges after allowing her children to ride scooters outside her home. Police claimed the children were in danger without parental supervision.
Top water users seek ways to conserve
Photo: Cindeka Nealy Photo: Cindeka Nealy Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Top water users seek ways to conserve 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Whether it's a puddle by an apartment or a sprinkler spouting off on the wrong day, wasted water is quickly becoming a top target of Midlanders doing their own part to conserve.
With citations likely to begin for those not complying with restrictions and tougher rationing on the horizon, the scrutiny of residents, businesses and public entities may only heighten in the weeks to come, city officials and water users say.
"There's no doubt we'll probably have to have folks out there assessing fines," said Scott Dufford, at-large city councilman. "Right now, it's serious."
Still, those who are among the biggest consumers say while they're receiving citizen complaints, they are doing their part to comply. If more restrictions come, which council members say is likely, then everyone will have to be ready to work with them.
"We've got to participate just like everybody else," said Scott Swigert, parks and recreation manager for the city. "Having water to survive is more important than water for grass and trees."
Top users
Between May 31, 2010, and June 1, the city of Midland was the largest consumer of water, according to data provided by the city.
Behind the city, Midland Independent School District, Midland College, Midland Memorial Hospital and the Northridge Court Apartments were among the top users.
Several energy-related companies, including Chesapeake and Patriot Resources, made the top 10 list. Director of Utilities Stuart Purvis said they're sold water brought in from the Paul David Well Fields and do not impact the city's allotment from the Colorado River Municipal Water District (CRMWD). Because of its high fluoride content, only so much of the groundwater can be blended into the surface water purchased from the CRMWD, so the city sells a limited amount before it's ever mixed in, Purvis said.
"We can't use that water in any case, so at least we can sell it to them," he said, adding companies could purchase it directly from University Lands if not sold the water by the city. "We sell it to them as non-potable water. We may be changing that policy in the near-term."
Officials with MISD, Midland Memorial Hospital, the city's Parks and Recreation Department and Midland College all acknowledge they've received their share of phone calls from residents who've caught them breaking the irrigation restrictions.
Each has its own method of fixing the situation, but all said they address problems as quickly as they become aware of them. Typically, water hitting the street or spraying on the wrong day is the result of a broken sprinkler head, stuck valve or glitch in an automated irrigation system. Sometimes they don't know a problem exists until someone alerts them to it, so they say they're glad the public is watching.
"We're very pleased with the citizens that have called us," said James Riggen, executive director of School Plant and Construction Services at MISD. "We don't want to be watering on the street."
The city's Parks and Recreation Department has dedicated one staff member to testing the outdoor watering system and checking sprinkler heads to prevent waste, Swigert said. In the past, the checks were done but not on a full-time basis.
"That's all he does, all day long," Swigert said. "We're trying to stay on top of it."
Terry Kirkland, grounds supervisor at Midland College, said its use is down 45 percent from last summer. He conceded they and others in town have trouble not letting the resource fall on concrete at times because of wind. He said they sometimes will test systems during the day to ensure they're working properly, which is why Midlanders may see water going off during a non-permitted time.
The Northridge Court Apartments actually irrigates from a well system, Manager Alex Garcia said.
"We're probably one of the biggest users because we're (one of) the biggest apartment complexes," he said.
At Hunters Glen, which fell just outside the top 10, outdoor watering also is done through wells. Doug Graham, vice president of SunRidge Management Group, said they replaced an old boiler part-way through the year, which is what kept use higher. Otherwise, he said their facilities are simply old and therefore prone to leaks.
"We're very sensitive to the fact that we need to conserve water. When we replace shower heads, toilets, they're low flow," he said. "Every time we're in a unit to do a work order, we do a standard check list and looking for leaks is one of them."
Irrigation impacts
Purvis said outdoor watering pushed Midland over CRMWD's 24.71 million gallons per day limit. Indoor use, car washes and water required to keep dirt down at construction sites are part of winter sales, which fall well below the limits, he said.
Purvis said this month the city is on track to sell 900 million to 1 billion gallons of water. Of that, he estimates about 500 million gallons is used for irrigation.
"The big one is the irrigation," he said. "That's the biggie, that's the one that's getting us."
If the City Council implements the Drought Contingency Plan during its Tuesday meeting -- which it has indicated it will -- city staff will have the ability to pass out fines of up to $500 to residents, businesses, schools and the hospital if they don't comply with the restrictions. The council and city also are looking at cutting use further, whether that be through dropping irrigation allowances down to two days per week or limiting hours more.
"I would much rather know that my yard is dry and brown (and) to know the water will be there when I take a shower," said Vicky Hailey, councilwoman for District 2. "We're just taking every precaution we can to make sure we take care of the needs before the wants."
Michael Trost, councilman for District 4, said he wants to ensure the council's actions will cut usage and doesn't give people the ability to water for hours on end two days a week instead of for a smaller length of time three days a week.
Conservation tools
Major water consumers said they're also trying to implement conservation tools.
Cory Edmondson, vice president for support services at the hospital, said they're installing rain water harvesting tanks that will take care of about four months of irrigation each year in the future. The central utility plant also has received new equipment and their sterilizing equipment has changed to reduce usage.
"We are acutely aware of the water and conservation," he said.
Because hospital visits are up in the winter and irrigation up in the summer, he said the hospital's water use stays about even through the year.
MISD has dropped irrigation to one day a week at its elementary campuses and some of its athletic fields. Secondary athletic campuses are being watered twice weekly and certain football fields being used by students are watered three times per week plus one additional day they received permission to use from the city, Riggen said. If those uses have to be cut back, he said they will.
"We would like to see that they're playing on good turf because that prevents injuries," he said, of athletes. "But, we understand with these water restrictions our supplies are limited."
The city and school district are entering the final stages of installing a centralized control system for MISD's irrigation, which should help control usage, officials said.
Midland College also is working with the city, and in the future, it will see a water reuse plant installed that would tie into a sewer line and allow the college to irrigate with non-potable water. At this point, Kirkland said they're holding off on landscaping the new PE building and following restrictions.
Edmondson said they also may approach the city about delaying some required landscaping on its new construction because they don't want to invest in something that will require more water.
Swigert said a few of the parks use well water. If water availability becomes too tight, he said they could shut down the pools.
For now, several said, they're praying for rain.
Top water users for May 31, 2010- June 1, 2011
City of Midland Midland Independent School District Chesapeake Operating Midland College* Midland Memorial Hospital Reliance Energy Patriot Resources Inc. American Opportunity Northridge Court Apartments LP
*Midland College is charged through two accounts that rank eighth and tenth. Between its cumulative usage, the college ranks fourth.
Note: Energy companies purchase groundwater and do not account for usage from the city's CRMWD allotment.
