Bitcoin Logo (c) coindesk.com
You've been hearing a lot about bitcoin. But just what the heck is it? Here on PrestsBlog, I will explain the basics about bitcoin.
Bitcoin in modern day is a digital currency type used to generate units of currencies and verify the transfer of funds by encryption techniques operating independently of a central bank. What this means is that bitcoin can be a fund value that has its currency equivalent of different countries, and it can also be a payment option.
By mere applications, once you have enough bitcoins in your coinbase worth a certain currency equivalent, you can pay for services so long they accept bitcoin payment options.
Bitcoin is a commodity that can be traded for goods and services. Just like beanie babies, tulips, diamonds, chickens, cows, horses, cars, silver, gold, pork bellies, orange juice, wheat, just about any commodity item you can think of…. No one is questioning that bitcoins can be traded as a store of value as all commodities can. Bottom line for Bitcoin, no it's not money.
There are two main bitcoin uses.
BITCOINS AS CURRENCY UNITS:
Bitcoins are created and held electronically. 1 BTC(Bitcoin) is equivalent to about $440
You have to know that with the emergence of bitcoins, there is a new currency unit introduced to the world, that's why its tagged " the future of world money" . To show the supremacy of bitcoins, The IRS defined it as a property, and not a currency. Once its owned, it's yours.
"It is a denominated commodity that is electronically tradable. It is not electronic dollars. It is more like electronic gold, electronic wheat or electronic beanie babies. There are 21 million of them but each can be subdivided into literally 100,000,000 parts (8 decimal places). That's 2,100,000,000,000,000 Bitcoins, or 2.1 quadrillion pieces".
One good explanation from a Reddit user about bitcoin:
BITCOINS AS PAYMENT OPTIONS:
Platforms like Sacramento Kings, OkCupid, the Richard Branson's rocket ship accept bitcoin as payment options, according to web sources, a customer bought a Tesla Model S ride with bitcoins stacks. More world top brands are embracing bitcoins as payment options.
The major cons about bitcoin exchanges is that it is vulnerable or what we know as prone to hacking. Well that's the major problem about online payments.
The comment box is opened for comments regarding questions about bitcoins. Prest responds to comments as soon as they are read.
[INFOGRAPHICS CREDIT
Jaxx Adds REP to Wallet in New Partnership With Augur
The multi-currency Jaxx wallet has announced yet another addition to its roster with Augur's “REP” implementation. The wallet will be one of the first cryptocurrency platforms to offer REP storage. Alongside this news, Jaxx has been told by Apple that they have the green light to integrate Ethereum Classic as well.
Also read: Roger Ver to Hold ‘Free Speech Party' for Scaling Bitcoin Attendees
Jaxx Integrates With Augur's Decentralized Prediction Token: REP
Jaxx says it is excited about its partnership with Augur.
REPs are the native tokens offered by Augur, and are deployed throughout its decentralized network. Augur's markets claim they will provide “real-time predictive data,” and that REP tokens will be used to incentivize participants.
According to Jaxx, REP's addition to the wallet platform allows users a place to store REP in a secure environment giving the end user full control.
CEO of Jaxx Anthony Di Iorio explains:
“Augur is a genius concept. We are extremely excited to be integrating REP because it's been surging in growth since it entered beta and is now becoming a hot commodity. Augur has been building decentralized prediction market whereby people can earn cryptocurrency by simply guessing correct on future events, as well as contribute to an innovative forecasting tool and community.”
Augur has made headlines lately, with REP getting picked up by major exchanges, such as Kraken and Poloniex. One REP goes for roughly $6.80 USD at press time, and the cryptocurrency is the 8th highest by market capitalization.
Augur's Director of Marketing Tony Sakich says that the prediction market will be extremely useful. Sakich details, “Augur incentivizes market participants to reveal what they think will happen, rather than what they hope will happen, and REP will be used to power the predictions and earnings.”
The Augur team says it has been excited about the launch of their token, and that Jaxx users should enjoy this integration.
“We are thrilled to be launching our token,” Sakich told press. “It is something we've looked forward to since the very first days of the project. REP will be a huge hit on Jaxx; it's my default wallet, and it's incredibly versatile.”
Ethereum Classic Approved By Apple
Alongside its Augur integration, Jaxx found out earlier this week that Apple has approved Ethereum Classic. This means iOS users can now store Ethereum Classic along side other Jaxx-supported assets, such as bitcoin.
Di Iorio says Jaxx wants to bring all types of blockchains to the masses. “We are seeing a growing number of users rally around this emerging technology and will continue providing easy to use blockchain solutions and true freedom of choice,” said Di Iorio.
Jaxx a Success So Far
Since launching in June, Jaxx has already acquired 50,000 users and has added a vast array of cryptocurrencies. Technologist Charles Hoskinson, Founder of IOHK and proponent of Ethereum Classic, is quite pleased to hear it has been approved.
“Every cryptocurrency requires a diverse set of reliable, secure and easy to use wallets in order to grow and thrive,” Hoskinson explained. “Jaxx has focused enormous effort and resources on delivering one of the best in class and easiest to use wallets in the space. It's great to see Jaxx supporting ETC. I think this is will be a great relationship for both communities.”
Jaxx told press that it hopes to continue offering a diverse set of cryptocurrency integration on its platform. The team believes the addition of Augur and Ethereum Classic will please both communities. So far, Jaxx's combination of various cryptocurrencies makes it one of the first multi-currency wallets on the market with quite a bit of choice.
What do you think about Jaxx integrating Augur and Apple's approval of Ethereum Classic? Let us know in the comments below.
Source: Press Release
Images via Shutterstock, Jaxx, Augur, and Charles Hoskinson.
Did you know Bitcoin.com is throwing a blockchain conference in London this year? Our premiere event, Blockchain: Money, features the biggest innovators and executives in the industry. The event also takes place in the beautiful surroundings of 155 Bishopsgate, London on November 6-7, 2016. Reserve your tickets today!
Hey there! Supernorn here with another update for you all!
So what's been happening?
• Metadept has been working on more weapon abilities
• Healthire has started the implementation of some of our new unique monsters
• GeorgeV has been working on more unique monsters, we're currently at around 50+!
• Samuriferret has been working on new lore codexes, including some hylotl specific stuff!
• Tccoxon has been working on more procedural quests
• Kyren and myself have been working on art and implementation of a feature that's been a long time coming!
It's still a massive work in progress, but here's a sneak peek…
As if that wasn't enough, here's another round of monsters for you all to gaze at!
Lastly, just a reminder that you should check out the Penguin Plush campaign on Kickstarter, if you haven't already!
Until next time!
Correction: Due to an editing error, an earlier version of this story included a claim Zimbabwe's government had issued WhatsApp rules. It has not.
Harare, Zimbabwe
This week, Zimbabwe's president, Robert Mugabe, said a new cybersecurity ministry had been created as a trap to catch “rats” who get up to mischief using cyberspace.
It was the latest fodder for jokes doing the rounds on social media about former Zimbabwe finance minister, Patrick Chinamasa who will now head this new Cybersecurity, Threat Detection, and Mitigation ministry. Locals have joked that Chinamasa's appointment makes him the “minister of WhatsApp and Facebook”. But the appointment also raises more serious concerns over freedom of expression, access to information and a clampdown on social media messaging.
Some of this is not surprising. A week earlier Chinamasa, while still finance minister, criticized social media platforms such as WhatsApp for the inflation spikes that hit Zimbabwe at the end of September. He claimed the false information spread on these platforms is what led to long queues and shortages of some basic foodstuffs in supermarkets as Zimbabweans panicked and investors sounded the alarm on the economy's condition.
While Mugabe and the government describe the new ministry as “protective” i.e. acting in a defensive role, there are worries it is really aimed at attacking, like controlling social media use locally. This all comes as Zimbabwe finalizes a Computer and Cyber Crimes Bill that has already attracted criticism from human rights and freedom of expression campaign groups.
It's easy to understand why social media is something of a thorn in the government's side. The 93-year old president has become a meme on African social media (not just Zimbabwe) for “closing his eyes” during major events, reading the wrong speech and tripping over. But the more sinister, and likely, reason, is that the ZANU PF-controlled government may be concerned about the use of social media to organize opposition to its 37-year rule since independence. Top of the party's list of concerns will be curtailing the role of social media in next year's re-election campaigns for Mugabe.
A Mugabe spokesman said the new minister will be able to learn from the experience of other countries including China and Russia, two countries known for their censorship of both local and major social media platforms. The spokesman George Charamba described those countries as having “done well in ensuring some kind of order and lawfulness in that area (Cyber-space),”
Law expert, Alex Magaisa, said this week that “creating a standalone ministry to monitor cyberspace also shows Mugabe's penchant for expanding instruments of coercion as opposed to protection of fundamental freedoms.”
“People have been making jokes about this ministry but I see serious threat to freedom of expression, access to information and the right to privacy,” said Chris Musodza, an ICT expert based in Harare. “We now have a ministry dedicated to surveillance and monitoring of the cyberspace.”
It was a normal morning in April last year. Normal, that is, by the crazy standards of the fishermen, ship's crews, navy sailors and Somali pirates plying their dangerous trades on 2.5 million square miles of lawless ocean stretching from India to Kenya.
"Dave," a 44-year-old from Wiltshire in southwest England, was standing watch on the upper deck of a commercial car carrier bound from Mumbai to Mombasa. Scanning the horizon with a pair of high-powered binoculars, the former British Royal Marine of 24 years' experience spotted something suspicious ahead of the carrier: a small freighter matching the profile of a pirate "mothership," a sort of floating base for heavily armed sea bandits and their small boats.
What happened next was like something out of a Hollywood thriller. But for Dave and a fast-growing number of for-profit ship guards, it was just another day on the job – and evidence of a surprising turn in the years-old, international war on piracy.
The world's governments are waking up to the sobering fact that the gazillion-dollar warships they've sent to the Gulf of Aden and Indian Ocean can't keep up with the region's elusive pirates. The hijackers' simple, brutal tactics are too effective. Their business model is too attractive. And they've got nothing to lose but their lives.
The days are probably numbered for 10,000-ton Burke-class destroyers chasing down illiterate Somali thugs sailing in souped-up fishing boats called "skiffs." The future of the piracy war could belong to Dave and guys like him, standing lonely guard on gigantic, fortified commercial vessels speeding through pirate-infested waters.
Destroyers are expensive and ill-suited to long, tedious piracy patrols. Armed guards are comparatively cheap and, as Dave proved that April morning, highly effective. Sure, guards come with their own limitations and complications. But hiring professional ship-protectors beats the alternative: an endless, pointless military exercise.
Dave and his three teammates from Protection Vessels International, a 3-year-old, English firm offering "safe passage for vessels, master and crew through high-risk environments," watched as the suspected pirate mothership silently approached the car carrier. "When it got to approximately seven miles distance, we saw a small craft being launched from it and it began to approach from the port side at 23 knots," Dave recalled. The boat carried four men, at least two of them armed with AK-47s.
That's when the PVI guards, all former Royal Marines, knew for sure that the carrier was under attack. A hijacking could mean: months of captivity and abuse for Dave, his teammates and the ship's crew; a multimillion-dollar ransom for the vessel's owner; and a small but meaningful blow to an already-rickety world economy. "We immediately increased speed to 19 knots, altered course, activated the piracy alarm and informed [the authorities]," Dave told Danger Room.
They prepared for battle, "kitting up" with body armor, helmets, warning flares and rifles. At that moment the front line of the piracy war, which has claimed scores of lives on both sides and cost ten of billions of dollars in ransoms, insurance premiums and lost property, intersected the fast-shrinking span of water between his ship and the approaching pirate skiff.
'The Pirates Are Winning' ————————-
When Somali piracy started making headlines in 2008, the response by the world's governments was to treat it like a military problem with a conventional military solution. They sent warships to cruise around the Indian Ocean with the goal of deterring pirate attacks. Today around three dozen naval vessels from a dozen nations, organized into no fewer than three international flotillas – one each led by the U.S., the E.U. and NATO – still crisscross the piracy zone.
Problem is, until they brandish weapons, pirates are indistinguishable from legitimate fishermen. Naval crews must stop and interrogate a lot of innocent seafarers, as seen in the U.S. Navy video below, in order to have any hope of disarming pirates before they attack. With tens of thousands of fishing boats plying the Indian Ocean alongside just 30 warships, lots of pirates are sure to slip through. "We've just got to be incredibly lucky,” Cmdr. Derek Granger, captain of the destroyer USS Donald Cook, said while his ship fruitlessly searched for pirates in 2009.
That means the warships can only react to attempted hijackings, racing to intervene after the sea bandits attack. It isn't enough. Apparently harmless vessels can turn hostile in mere minutes. With more than 2 million square miles of ocean to patrol and 25,000 commercial ships a year to protect, the 30 warships are spread thin – and are usually too far away to respond in time. No wonder successful hijackings of large vessels held steady at around 50 per year for three years, despite the escalating naval patrols. "These guys [pirates] are making more money, we're spending more money," lamented piracy expert Martin Murphy.
In addition to pursuing a doomed military strategy, the world's governments dragged their heels on what seemed like the common-sense approach to beating pirates. A few armed guards should be sufficient to defeat a pirate attack, but allowing weapons on board civilian ships requires new regulations, which governments were slow to write.
Far from any military assistance and lacking weapons of their own, some ship's crews resorted to desperate measures. One Chinese fishing crew fought back against a pirate boarding party using Molotov cocktails and fire hoses. Such heroics made good headlines but also risked getting ship's crews killed in lopsided battles. The unworkable military solution combined with legal limits on ship self-defense combined to tilt the advantage towards the sea bandits. "The pirates are winning," Murphy said in 2009.
From Shopping Guards to SEALs —————————–
Change came slowly, as governments and shippers gradually realized their existing approach wasn't working. With strong encouragement from the U.S. Coast Guard, some shipping lines began installing "passive defenses," including engine kill-switches, safe rooms lockable from the inside and emergency alarms – literally big, red buttons, in some cases.
Meanwhile, regulators mulled allowing civilian armed guards to at-risk ships, or having the guards sail alongside the commercial ships in privately owned patrol boats.
Spain was one of the first countries to enact a law allowing guards on its commercial ships. Early on, some of these guards were unarmed, relying on sonic weapons and water hoses for defense. In 2008, one unarmed guard team found itself "overwhelmed" by gun-firing pirates and abandoned ship.
"They were ex-supermarket security guards," John Dalby, founder of Spanish maritime-security company Marine Risk, said of the retreating team. "One had had been on a one-week training course in a swimming pool. That was the extent of it."
Around the same time, notorious U.S. mercenary firm Blackwater, now known as Xe, equipped a patrol boat for escort duties and offered its guard services on the Indian Ocean shipping route. But Blackwater's involvement in the Nisour Square shooting in Iraq in 2007 scared off potential customers, and the company soon shuttered its pirate-fighting division.
Poorly trained, scaredy-cat guards and shady merc firms gave the first generation of private ship protectors a bad reputation. But in time, better training facilitated by expanding regulation ushered in a new era for ship's guards. In March 2010, guards shot and killed a pirate attacking a Panamanian vessel – a first for private pirate-fighters. "I think we're on the cusp of the next threshold, in which privately owned escort vessels are more acceptable," Claude Berube, a professor at the U.S. Naval Academy, said in January 2010.
"Every ship transiting the area should have four [security] professionals on board," Dalby proposed. By 2011, many shippers and governments agreed. New maritime-security companies, including Dave's employer PVI, sprouted all over the world as ship's guards became more popular. Most of these new companies sought out former military personnel, many of whom had participated in naval piracy patrols during their government service.
Maersk, one of the world's leading shippers, opted to use only former U.S. Navy SEALs. "The result is we, a responsible operator, have the best trained, but very expensive, operators in the world," vice president Stephen Carmel explained. He said Maersk pays around $5,000 a day, per ship, for protection. A typical transit could net a security firm $100,000 or more.
For this lucrative work, PVI recruited its roughly 200 guards from the ranks of former Royal Marines and British soldiers. "PVI has witnessed a huge increase in demand for its services recently," company spokesman Paul Gibbins told Danger Room. The British company has completed more than 1,000 escort missions and defeated 30 pirate attacks, all with "no use of lethal force, no loss of vessel, master and crew," Gibbins crowed.
Now, no one pretends ship's guards can end the practice of piracy. That requires "something happening on land" in Somalia, Murphy said. Restoring peace to that war-torn land has proved difficult, to say the least.
Still, anecdotal evidence indicates that private pirate-guards are an effective stop-gap. But it's too soon to tell just how effective – and whether the guards working today will help bring down the overall rate of hijackings. At the moment, there are just a few hundred guards protecting a fraction of the 25,000 ships that transit the Indian Ocean every year. More companies are sure to hire guards as changing attitudes and regulations allow it, but the cost could lead smaller shippers to risk unprotected transits.
Bottom line: as a means of defense, guards are proving cheaper and at least as effective as warships, if not more so. Dave showed just how on that morning last April.
Showdown ——–
As the pirates closed in on Dave's ship, the former Royal Marine hurried to assemble his team. "The armed security team were briefed on the bridge by myself and deployed to positions on the upper deck to cover the skiff's approach," Dave recalled. "In consultation with the master, I requested permission to fire a red flare to warn off the incoming craft. The flare was fired to no response; they continued to close."
It was time to make it clear to the pirates that the car carrier was not the usual, defenseless prey – that this vessel was on the cutting edge of pirate-fighting tactics and could shoot back. "At approximately a half nautical mile [distance], permission was given to fire a warning shot above the incoming craft, in order to give clear indication there was an armed security team on board," Dave said. "The shot was fired and it continued on its course."
Maybe the pirates had failed to notice the shot, because of all the wind and spray. Maybe they saw it but just didn't care.
The guards fired again, this time into the water in front of the pirate boat. The skiff jinked to the side ... and kept coming. Soon it was within 500 meters [0.3 miles] of the car carrier – close enough to hit the ship with rockets and rifles. There was time for just one more warning shot before Dave and his team would be forced to kill the attackers.
"The final shot worked and the skiff slowed and stopped in the water. They had gotten to within 400 meters of the vessel and realized that an armed team was on board." That realization was enough to end the attack.
Today, sophisticated warships continue patrolling the Indian Ocean, capturing or deterring only a handful of pirates at the cost of millions of dollars per ship annually, and leaving most commercial vessels vulnerable to attack. For probably around a hundred thousand dollars, the car carrier's owner prevented a hijacking after the pirates had already slipped past the naval cordon.
Self-defense succeeded where the world's navies failed.
Photos and video: PVI; David Axe/Wired.com
See Also:
Fox News' Chris Wallace Chosen as Presidential Debate Moderator
Brock Turner Out of Jail After Serving 3 Months for Stanford Univ. Rape
LABOR DAY Special: Get to Know Trump From the Women Who Know Him Best!
"They look at the government as an extension of feathering their own nest," filmmaker and writer Dinesh D'Souza said of Bill and Hillary Clinton.
“We've seen [corruption like this] in America at the local level before… but never in the shameless [federal] way the Clintons have done,” he told Brian Kilmeade on Fox and Friends.
D'Souza was responding to allegations against Bill Clinton, which said he used taxpayer funds to set up a computer server for himself as well as for other Clinton Foundation IT tasks.
“It reminds me of the foundation that Juan and Evita Peron set up in Argentina, which pretended to help people but was really a way to accumulate influence and cash for the Perons."
Juan Peron served three terms as Labour-aligned president of Argentina in the 1940s and 1950s before being ousted in a coup.
Supported by labor unions and the Catholic Church, his first lady, Eva “Evita” Peron established a foundation based on feminist and community issues, including education and healthcare.
But, the foundation was also marred by accusations of corruption and coercion.
D'Souza also announced that his most recent political documentary, “Hillary's America”, will be returning to 400 theaters nationwide for a special engagement this weekend. “[It explains] the whole sordid history of the Democratic Party,” he said. It originally aired in July.
Watch the full interview above and let us know what you think in the comments.
Gingrich: ‘In Normal Society', Clintons Would Be ‘Ostracized as Totally Unpatriotic Scammers'
'I Can't Support Him Anymore': Hispanic Trump Advisers Quit After Immigration Speech
Debate Warm-Up? Clinton & Trump to Participate in 'Commander-in-Chief' Forum
NOTE: We're aware of ZombieLink problems with signing in and resetting passwords, and are working on a fix right now. If you're having problems, please check the “Known Issues” list in the help section of the app.
Get ready, Runner 5. This is not a drill. The All-New Zombies, Run! app is here in all its glory, and Season 4 launches today!
But there's more: Zombies, Run! is now free-to-play! Here's what this means for you:
Existing ‘Legacy' Players
We're now giving you unlimited access to every single mission up to the end of Season 3 - plus Interval Training and Race Missions and all 150+ story missions. For free. Your support has kept us going for the past three years. Your season pass purchases, your love of our story and our characters, your feedback and wonderful words of support. You are the engine behind Zombies, Run!
Even better, you can unlock one mission of Season 4 every week for free, or upgrade to Pro Membership for unlimited S4 access. Because you've supported us, Pro Membership costs only $7.99/year (it's $19.99 for new players).
Android users: You'll need to download a new (free) app to get access to the new content - but otherwise everything else will be the same.
New ‘Free' Players
Starting from today, new players can download Zombies, Run! for free. They'll get access to part of Season 1, plus the ability to unlock a new mission every week. Now there's no excuse to avoid trying out Zombies, Run!
To get unlimited access to all 200+ Seasons 1-4 story missions plus all game modes, free players can upgrade to Pro for just $2.99/month or $19.99/year.
We're really excited about making Zombies, Run! free-to-play. We've always believed that everyone will love becoming Runner 5, and now everyone can! We can't wait to welcome legions of new runners into the most supportive, passionate and wonderful fandom known to the internet.
But what about Season 4? It's already here! The first two missions are available to play right now, with two new missions coming every Wednesday. We're really excited for you all to play them.
New Features
We're always working hard to improve Zombies, Run! every year, and we're proud to announce a whole host of new features today. Some of these will be coming to iOS first, and others are on Android first. That's because what's easy on one platform can be a nightmare on the other - but rest assured we're aiming to get both versions to parity soon!
Both iOS and Android players are getting these improvements today:
Gorgeous new user interface : Zombies, Run! has never looked better! Janine's been hard at work giving every surface a new coat of paint, every menu a polish and every screen that little bit of extra flair. Even better: every mission now has a glorious piece of banner artwork meaning our story now looks as good as it sounds.
: Zombies, Run! has never looked better! Janine's been hard at work giving every surface a new coat of paint, every menu a polish and every screen that little bit of extra flair. Even better: every mission now has a glorious piece of banner artwork meaning our story now looks as good as it sounds. Recap and teaser clips : Been a while since your last mission? Let our “Previously on Zombies, Run!” clips remind you what's going on at Abel. Need even more reasons to raise the gates for your next run? The brand-new “Next On” teasers will get your blood pumping and your feet moving.
: Been a while since your last mission? Let our “Previously on Zombies, Run!” clips remind you what's going on at Abel. Need even more reasons to raise the gates for your next run? The brand-new “Next On” teasers will get your blood pumping and your feet moving. Run log maps in the app : See where you were when Sam professed his love of ice cream rolls, which local landmark you were passing when you escaped that zombie mob, and which hill you crested at that perfect moment in your playlist.
: See where you were when Sam professed his love of ice cream rolls, which local landmark you were passing when you escaped that zombie mob, and which hill you crested at that perfect moment in your playlist. Base builder improvements : Getting Abel Township off the ground used to be really tricky. Not enough materials, complicated pre-requisites for buildings, pricey base extensions. That's why we tweaked the base builder to make it more balanced, easier to understand, and much more fun. Now rebuilding Abel is as much fun as running from it!
: Getting Abel Township off the ground used to be really tricky. Not enough materials, complicated pre-requisites for buildings, pricey base extensions. That's why we tweaked the base builder to make it more balanced, easier to understand, and much more fun. Now rebuilding Abel is as much fun as running from it! Mission synopses : You've come a long way, Runner 5. Saved the world more times than you can count. Travelled countless miles and outrun danger at every turn. That's a lot to remember - which is why all missions now have synopses so you can re-live your favourite moments from Abel history.
: You've come a long way, Runner 5. Saved the world more times than you can count. Travelled countless miles and outrun danger at every turn. That's a lot to remember - which is why all missions now have synopses so you can re-live your favourite moments from Abel history. Autoplay your next mission : No more fumbling with your phone. No more split run logs. Just pure, unadulterated binge-running.
: No more fumbling with your phone. No more split run logs. Just pure, unadulterated binge-running. Improved external music support: Start Spotify, Pandora, or any other music app before you run, and we'll lower your music volume when Abel Township gets in touch. Wherever your music is coming from, we'll keep it right there with you while you're saving the world.
For iOS:
Adjustable zombie chase difficulty : Not getting enough adrenaline? Make the zombies faster and more frequent. Getting caught a little too often? Space those chases out or slow those zoms down. Now you call the shots!
: Not getting enough adrenaline? Make the zombies faster and more frequent. Getting caught a little too often? Space those chases out or slow those zoms down. Now you call the shots! Customise clip spacing : Out for a short run? Get those clips playing more often so you can fit in the whole mission. Training for a marathon? Spread them out so we're with you the whole way round. Your run, your way.
: Out for a short run? Get those clips playing more often so you can fit in the whole mission. Training for a marathon? Spread them out so we're with you the whole way round. Your run, your way. Apple Health support: Workouts can now be synced with Apple Health, so you can keep track of all your fitness data in one place.
For Android:
Live mission progress tracker : Keep track of exactly how far through your mission you are! No more wondering how many more laps of the track you need to do, no more worrying about whether or not this mission will keep you going all the way home!
: Keep track of exactly how far through your mission you are! No more wondering how many more laps of the track you need to do, no more worrying about whether or not this mission will keep you going all the way home! Even better external music integration: We won't just lower the volume of music played back by Spotify/Pandora/Google Play Music - we'll attempt to pause it when Abel needs to get in touch. Your music and our story play perfectly together.
A few weeks ago, we said Interval Training would arrive on Android at launch. We haven't quite managed that, and we'd like to apologise sincerely. As soon as we address any bugs related to the new version, Interval Training on Android is at the top of our list. There is some good news though - existing ‘legacy' players will get Interval Training for free!
So: Free access to Season 4, a whole bunch of amazing new missions, great new features, massive improvements to the app. Sound good? Head over to your app store of choice and download the update! If you have any questions, comments or concerns about the latest update or Season 4, leave us a comment below this post, get in touch on with zombiesrungame​ on Twitter, or find us on r/runner5 on Reddit.
After three years of restoration by the National Museum of Computing (TNMOC), the world's oldest functioning digital computer has been successfully rebooted at a ceremony attended by two of its original developers.
The Harwell Dekatron fully restored (click to enlarge)
The 2.5 ton Harwell Dekatron, later renamed the Wolverhampton Instrument for Teaching Computation from Harwell (WITCH), was first constructed in 1949 and from 1951 ran at the USK's Harwell Atomic Energy Research Establishment, where it was used to process mathematical calculations for Britain's nuclear programme.
The system uses 828 flashing Dekatron valves, each capable of holding a single digit, for volatile memory, plus 480 GPO 3000 type relays to shift calculations and six paper tape readers. It was very slow, taking a couple of seconds for each addition or subtraction, five seconds for multiplication and up to 15 for division.
But it had persistence, performing calculations more accurately than human mathematicians and without needing toilet breaks, sleep, or a social life. When a leading mathematician tried to keep pace with the computer, he lasted for around 30 minutes before falling behind and making mistakes.
"The restoration was quite a challenge requiring work with components like valves, relays, and paper tape readers that are rarely seen these days and are certainly not found in modern computers," said restoration team leader Delwyn Holroyd in a statement. "Older members of the team had to brush up on old skills while younger members had to learn from scratch!"
Harwell Dekatron designer Dick Barnes (center) meets the team
After its atomic work was finished in 1957, and with transistorized computers all the rage, the computer was offered to the academic world and ended up at the Wolverhampton and Staffordshire Technical College (thus the WITCH moniker) and ran until 1973. It was retired to the Birmingham Museum of Science and Industry, but was put into storage in 1997 before being rediscovered and rebuilt by volunteers funded by TNMOC
"In 1951 the Harwell Dekatron was one of perhaps a dozen computers in the world, and since then it has led a charmed life, surviving intact while its contemporaries were recycled or destroyed," said Kevin Murrell, trustee of TNMOC, who started the restoration project.
"As the world's oldest original working digital computer, it provides a wonderful contrast to our rebuild of the wartime Colossus, the world's first semi-programmable electronic computer." ®
Homebrew: Paladin Oath
Sacred Oaths
At 3rd level, a paladin gains the Sacred Oath feature. Here is the new option: Oath of Sacrifice.
Oath of Sacrifice
The Oath of Sacrifice is usually a dark and solemn path for those who seek retribution from their god or deity. Other times it is an oath made by those who champion the cause of an evil or maleficent god who seeks worship through sacrifice and blood. These heroes or villains are often called blood knights as there is usually a trail of blood both in front and behind them. The road set forth for an Oath of Sacrifice paladin is often a lonely path that is misunderstood not only by common folk but by other paladins as well.
Tenets of Sacrifice
The tenets of the Oath of Sacrifice vary by paladin, but all the tenets revolve around a means of sacrifice to a god or deity, in their honor. Paladins who uphold these tenets are willing to sacrifice their own wellbeing and sanctity of body to deliver the will of their god upon those who stand in their way. Often paladins who take the Oath of Sacrifice are neutral or evil in alignment, however, there are paladins who make self sacrifices to champion the causes of good.
Pain is a Means to an End. Overcoming immense pain and anguish is a monument I build to my god.
Death is the Final Glory. Dying in service to my god is the greatest and purest form of tithe I can give.
Resolute Composure. Showing signs of weakness is a blasphemy that places my sacrifice in vain.
Duty to Divine Verdict. The law or responsibilities enacted upon me by my god hold me responsible for my actions and their consequences.
Oath Spells
You gain oath spells at the paladin levels listed.
Oath of Sacrifice Spells
Paladin Level Spells 3rd armor of agathys, false life 5th aid, spiritual weapon 9th aura of vitality, vampiric touch 13th death ward, freedom of movement 17th antilife shell, dominate person
Channel Divinity
When you take this oath at 3rd level, you gain the following two Channel Divinity options.
Blood Price. As an action, choose an amount to reduce your maximum hit points by until you finish a short or long rest. For 1 minute, the next time you hit a creature with a melee weapon attack, the attack deals extra damage equal to the number your maximum hit points are reduced by, plus your Charisma modifier. If the weapon you are making the attack with is not already magical, it becomes magical for the attack.
You can end this effect on your turn as part of any other action. If you are no longer holding or carrying a weapon, or if you fall unconscious, this effect ends.
Invoke Enmity. As an action, each creature of your choice that you can see within 30 feet of you must make a Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, a creature has disadvantage to attack a creature other than you.
This effect ends on the creature if you are incapacitated, die, or if the creature moves more than 30 feet away from you.
Unyielding Resolve
Starting at 7th level, when your hit points fall below half of your current maximum, you gain advantage on all saving throws and resistance to normal slashing, piercing, and bludgeoning damage.
At 18th level, you gain resistance to all damage as part of this effect.
Grasp of the Undying
Beginning at 15th level, your dedication to sacrifice keeps you fighting despite grievous wounds. If you drop to 0 hit points you drop to 1 hit point instead. Once you use this feature, you must finish a short or long rest before you can use it again.
In addition, while you are at 1 hit point, you gain advantage on all attack rolls.
1
Avatar of Sacrifice
At 20th level, as an action, you can assume the form of an avatar of sacrifice. Your appearance while in this form can be different based on your deity, alignment, etc.
For 1 hour, you gain the following benefits:
Your hit points are reduced to 1 and you gain temporary hit points equal to your hit point maximum.
If you gained any hit points while in this form, you choose wether or not to gain them as temporary hit points instead.
When you take the Attack action on your turn, you can imbue your weapon with divine energy by choosing an amount of temporary hit points (with a minimum of 1) plus, your Charisma modifier and add that amount to your next damage roll. In addition, your attacks are magical while in this form.
Once you use this feature, you can't use it again until you finish a long rest.
Coming Soon
Spinning Out
After choking during an important performance, a competitive skater dealing with family issues and her own inner demons struggles to revive her career.
Antoine Griezmann: The Making of a Legend
With heart and determination, Antoine Griezmann overcame his small stature to become one of the world's top soccer players and a World Cup champion.
Cricket Fever: Mumbai Indians
Follow Indian Premier League champions Mumbai Indians through the 2018 season in this series featuring insider insights and intense cricket action.
Cannon Busters
With a maintenance robot and a deadly fugitive tagging along, friendship droid S.A.M searches for its best friend, the heir to a kingdom under siege.
The Fast and the Furious Animated Show
Adventures abound as a group of teenagers infiltrates an elite racing league controlled by a nefarious organization bent on world domination.
The Order
Out to avenge his mother's death, a college student pledges a secret order and lands in a war between werewolves and practitioners of dark magic.
The Legend of Cocaine Island
This documentary follows American Rodney Hyden's journey to find a rumored stash of cocaine in the Caribbean with help from a colorful group of misfits.
Yankee
A young man from Texas crosses the border into Mexico and becomes an infamous drug lord.
If growing up with a SEGA Genesis (Mega Drive for some of you) was part of your childhood, you'll be excited to know that OnLive is going to bring back some of your favorite games from that golden age of gaming. OnLive announced that it is launching over 40 Sega Genesis games into PlayPack over the next four weeks and it wants to know which games you would like to see first. The company put up a poll on Facebook which anybody who is interested can answer – and it looks like we'll be seeing Golden Axe arriving on OnLive very soon. Sonic 3D Blast and Comix Zone take up 2nd and 3rd place respectively. All the games on the poll will eventually be released to OnLive, but if you'd like to see a particular title arrive first, be sure to vote and share the question with your friends.
Filed in . Read more about Onlive and Sega.
One of our favorite cameras, the Casio EX-F1, is getting a new firmware update that adds yet another awesome feature: prerecord movies. This allows you to capture video starting a full five seconds before you fully press down the movie button, letting you catch stuff that your beer-slowed reflexes would have missed with any other camera. This new feature works with the full HD video functions as well as the 300fps, 600fps and 1200fps slo-mo video functions of the camera. Hit the jump for the full press release.
CASIO RELEASES FIRMWARE UPDATE FOR EXILIM PRO EX-F1 ULTRA-HIGH SPEED BURST SHOOTING DIGITAL CAMERA
Update Adds New "Prerecord Movie" Function That Permits Movie Capture to Commence 5 Seconds before the User Actually Presses the Movie Button
DOVER, NJ, JULY 7, 2008 – Casio America, Inc. and its parent company, Casio Computer Co., Ltd., announced a firmware update for the EXILIM® Pro EX-F1 digital camera today. The update will add Casio's unique "Prerecord movie" function to the camera, helping to ensure that users will never miss another once-in-a-lifetime scene when shooting movies. Firmware Ver. 1.10 for the EX-F1 will be available on Casio's English website starting July 8, and thereafter on websites in other languages.
Released in March this year, the EXILIM Pro EX-F1 features ultra-high speed burst shooting, enabling users to capture every instant of each priceless memory at 60 still images per second in high resolution, 6.0-megapixel quality. It also comes with a High Speed movie mode that records up to 1,200 frames per second, permitting ultra-slow motion playback of movement that is too fast for the human eye to perceive. The EX-F1 has won great acclaim and popularity as the first of an entirely new genre of digital cameras that is totally changing the nature of photography.
Casio introduced Firmware Ver. 1.02 in April 2008 to improve the camera's ease of use. That release offered a greatly reduced start-up time and enabled high speed zooming when recording Full High-Definition movies. The new Firmware Ver. 1.10 adds the Prerecord Movie function, which, when turned on, permits movie capture to commence 5 seconds before the user actually presses the Movie Button. Prerecord Movie works with all movie modes, including 30 fps Standard movie mode, the 300 fps, 600 fps and 1200 fps High Speed movie modes, and the Full High-Definition movie mode. This firmware update will help users get the most out of their EXILIM Pro EX-F1 digital cameras. The days of shooting movies but missing the best part of the moment are gone.
Firmware Ver. 1.10 for the EXILIM Pro EX-F1 will be available for download free of charge from Casio's website.
New Features in Firmware Ver. 1.10
Prerecord Movie function added, allowing recording to commence 5 seconds before the user presses the Movie Button
• Compatible with 300 fps, 600 fps, 1200 fps, and 30-300 fps High Speed movie modes
• Compatible with 1920x1080 pixel Full High-Definition movie mode
• Compatible with 1280x720 pixel High-Definition movie mode
• Compatible with 30 fps Standard movie mode
In object-oriented programming, an “interface” is a description of the things an object can do. Usually, this takes the form of a list of methods an object is guaranteed to have. C# and Java both support interfaces, and so does the Go programming language, but Go's interfaces are especially easy to use.
You don't have to declare that a Go type (which can be used kind of like a “class” in other languages) implements an interface, like you do in C# or Java. You just declare the interface, and then any type that happens to have those methods can be used anywhere that interface is required.
Redundant Functions
Let's suppose that I have a pets package (a “package” is like a “library” in other languages) with Dog and Cat types. A Dog has a Fetch method, a Cat has a Purr method, and most importantly, both dogs and cats have Walked and Sit methods.
package pets import "fmt" type Dog struct { Name string Breed string } func (d Dog) Walk() { fmt.Println(d.Name, "walks across the room" ) } func (d Dog) Sit() { fmt.Println(d.Name, "sits down" ) } func (d Dog) Fetch() { fmt.Println(d.Name, "fetches a toy" ) } type Cat struct { Name string Breed string } func (c Cat) Walk() { fmt.Println(c.Name, "walks across the room" ) } func (c Cat) Sit() { fmt.Println(c.Name, "sits down" ) } func (c Cat) Purr() { fmt.Println(c.Name, "purrs" ) }
Now, let's create a demo.go program that shows what the Dog and Cat types can do. We'll create a DemoDog function that takes a Dog and calls its Walk and Sit methods. Then we'll create a DemoCat function that does the same thing, but for cats.
package main import "pets" func DemoDog(dog pets.Dog) { dog.Walk() dog.Sit() } func DemoCat(cat pets.Cat) { cat.Walk() cat.Sit() } func main() { dog := pets.Dog{ "Fido" , "Terrier" } cat := pets.Cat{ "Fluffy" , "Siamese" } DemoDog(dog) // The above call outputs: // Fido walks across the room // Fido sits down DemoCat(cat) // The above call outputs: // Fluffy walks across the room // Fluffy sits down }
It's too bad, though: the DemoDog and DemoCat functions are exactly the same, except that one takes a Dog and the other takes a Cat . Repeating code like that increases the risk of inconsistencies, since you might change one function but forget to update the other. It would be nice if we could get rid of DemoCat and just pass a Cat to DemoDog , but we'll get an error if we try that:
DemoDog(cat) // ./demo.go:19: cannot use cat (type pets.Cat) // as type pets.Dog in argument to DemoDog
Enter the Interface
But we don't have to maintain two nearly-identical functions, just because they take different types. This is exactly the problem that interfaces are meant to solve.
We'll just create a FourLegged interface that includes all types with Walk and Sit methods. Then we'll replace the DemoDog and DemoCat functions with a single Demo function that takes any FourLegged value (whether it's a Dog or a Cat ).
package main import "pets" // This interface represents any type // that has both Walk and Sit methods. type FourLegged interface { Walk() Sit() } // We can replace DemoDog and DemoCat // with this single function. func Demo(animal FourLegged) { animal.Walk() animal.Sit() } func main() { dog := pets.Dog{ "Fido" , "Terrier" } cat := pets.Cat{ "Fluffy" , "Siamese" } Demo(dog) // The above call (again) outputs: // Fido walks across the room // Fido sits down Demo(cat) // The above call (again) outputs: // Fluffy walks across the room // Fluffy sits down }
The Awesome Part
We didn't have to update the Dog or Cat types to declare that they implement the FourLegged interface (like we would in C# or Java). We didn't even have to open the pets package. We just declared our interface right there in our main program, right above the function where we use it. And because they both have Walked and Sit methods, the Dog and Cat types are automatically usable any place in our code that calls for a FourLegged value!
Go interfaces are a low-ceremony way to keep the safety of static typing (like you see in C# or Java), while still offering most of the flexibility of dynamic typing (like in JavaScript or Python). And they're just one of the language's many programmer-friendly features. If you're suitably impressed, you should look into Go further; you won't be disappointed!
P.S.: I've made the code from this post available in a Treehouse workspace snapshot. You can try running the code right from your browser by forking it and typing go run demo.go in the workspace console.
P.P.S: This post was adapted from Go Language Overview. It's our new course for developers already proficient in programming, who want a quick primer on Go. We'll be releasing courses for beginning Go programmers too, so keep an eye on our library!
Start learning to code today with a free trial on Treehouse.
But enough. That last scene is almost enough to make me turn off the show. I haven't decided yet. My stomach is still in my throat—and not in a “Oh, this is exciting, I wonder what they'll do next” kind of way. We've seen more vile sadism over the course of the show, much of it from Ramsay himself. We've even seen another wedding-night rape, before Dany thinks of Khal Drogo as her sun and stars. This is different, all the more disturbing for being unnecessary, as you so accurately point out, Chris.
I suspect D.B. Weiss and David Benioff think they've developed Sansa into a character who controls her own destiny, who has used her time with Baelish to carefully study his skill at maneuvering and manipulation others. We're supposed to see her as having agency, reluctantly accepting this alliance, enduring the unpleasantness for the chance to potentially exact vengeance on the Boltons. The kind of woman who can dismiss Myranda with: “I am Sansa Stark of Winterfell,” you miserable wench. “This is my home, and you can't frighten me.”
That's not what I saw, however. If you'll forgive me for mixing shows for a moment, this isn't Joan on Mad Men going to bed with the slimy Jaguar guy, using the only advantages she believes she holds as a woman to secure a partnership and financial security. Sansa is a girl whose body has been traded to further someone else's ambitions. She doesn't have a choice; she's never had a choice.
Sansa has always been good at summoning her haughtiest attitude to protect herself, but it isn't working this time. She's all alone, and she's petrified. The North may remember, but the Stark loyalists aren't much good when she's being raped on her wedding night. In King's Landing, Sansa at least had the Hound looking out for her at the beginning; having turned away Brienne, she has no personal protection. If Theon can break free from his Reek chains, he might be able to help Sansa, but she doesn't know that. As far as she knows, he betrayed her family, murdered her little brothers, and nearly destroyed Winterfell.
And Baelish. Admittedly, no one ever really knows what's going on in that fiendish little scheming head of his. But his part in this plotline strikes me as most unrealistic of all. Yes, he'll say anything, sacrifice anyone, do anything in the service of his favorite cause—himself. (He did marry wackadoodle Aunt Lysa, after all.) So maybe his relationship with Sansa has just been a very long game, maybe he finally saw a way to play that card to his advantage and did so.
The one genuine thing we do know about Baelish, however, is his love for Cat. Since her death, he has expressed that love primarily through his creepy obsession with her daughter, but also in protecting Sansa. Nothing we've seen would lead us to expect that Baelish would knowingly hand her over to a sociopath to be raped and tortured in the name of political marriage. Sure, he claimed to have heard very little about Ramsay, but this is Baelish—he has a dossier on every field mouse in Westeros. In that conversation between Ramsay and Baelish several episodes ago, both men lied to each and knew they were each lying, but why?
UPDATED: 9am Thursday – the Bill passed both houses
Building industry stakeholders are outraged that the NSW government has covertly and substantially watered down legislation to reduce non-compliant and non-conforming building product use. And the fear is that this will be replicated around the nation.
Somehow, someone had the influence to get the government to de-claw the proposed bill and leave a hollow substitute. But who?
Greens' David Shoebridge said “half the development industry” had called the Greens asking requesting action to fix the massive shortfall in provisions. A draft of the Building Products (Safety) Bill 2017 was presented to industry stakeholders at a meeting on 6 October.
Those attending included the Housing Industry Association, Australian Industry Group, Engineers Australia, Fire Protection Association of Australia, Property Council of Australia, Master Builders Association NSW, Owners Corporation Network, Australian Industry Group, Strata Choice, Strata Communities Australia NSW, Australian Institute of Architects and the Building Products Innovation Council.
According to BPIC executive officer Rodger Hills, everyone present agreed the legislation was sound and would ensure better supply chain accountability.
However, between that meeting and the tabling of the draft of the bill in parliament on Thursday 16 November, someone managed to convince the government to remove around 80 clauses addressing supply chain responsibility and other key matters.
BPIC responded by writing to all NSW politicians, setting out the deficiencies in the bill and asking MPs to intervene to have the deleted clauses reinstated or the bill in its current form “scrapped entirely”.
The draft that was shown to industry, Mr Hills wrote, would have enabled the government to enact its 10-point plan to put in place a building products scheme that would prevent non-conforming and non-compliant use of products in buildings.
Having almost 80 clauses cut was the “antithesis of good regulation”, he said, and has resulted in a bill that will see the public exposed to “unacceptable building health and safety risks”.
Among the deleted clauses are provisions for:
issuing product recalls
banning the supply of non-conforming or non-compliant products
making it an offence to use non-conforming products
powers to issue directions for building inspections or audits
duties for all parties in the supply chain to provide evidence of product conformance and suitability
consumer protections.
Mr Hills also expressed concern that should the watered down legislation pass, other states and territories may follow suit, and we will “never get adequate national building products compliance laws”.
Aussie Steel rings the alarm bells
The Australian Steel Institute also rang alarm bells.
ASI chief executive Tony Dixon said a key concern was that existing building industry initiatives to shore up supply quality, such as third-party certification schemes, were not upheld in the bill.
“This is a core recommendation of the Senior Officers' Group of the national Building Minister's Forum (BMF) group of which the NSW government is represented, as recently as September this year,” he said.
Mr Dixon said the BMF and NSW government agreed to chain of responsibility principles that place “duty of care” obligations on everyone in the building supply chain.
“Shoring up the supply chain in this manner is surely preferable than applying punitive measures after non-conforming product is already built-in or, god forbid, a disaster occurs.”
Greens and Labor team up to tackle bill
Just prior to entering the debate on the bill yesterday (Wednesday), Greens MP David Shoebridge told The Fifth Estate that NSW Greens and Labor MPs are banding together to propose amendments.
“The bill has major flaws,” Mr Shoebridge said. “In its current form it doesn't grapple with the supply chain. There is no responsibility there.”
Under the proposed legislation, Fair Trading would have the power to ban “unsafe” products, but only after they have already been used. It would also have the power to issue rectification notices for existing buildings that also have either non-compliant product use, such as flammable aluminium composite cladding, or where non-conforming products have been used.
However, this approach is like “having the ambulance at the bottom of the cliff,” Mr Shoebridge said.
“An intelligent government would design a policy that would stop the cladding being used in the first place, instead of relying on ad-hoc reporting after the fact.”
Changes to draft should send a shiver down homeowners' spines – so who's pulling the strings
He said the fact someone got in cabinet's ear and got the bill diluted should “send a cold shiver down the spine of every homeowner in NSW”, that when a major public safety issue is at stake, the government has still bowed to some unknown party's influence.
One of the amendments the Greens wanted added into the bill is where non-compliant product use, such as flammable cladding, has been identified as a major defect, homeowners should be able to recover the cost of rectification from Home Warranty Insurance.
As it stands, they could be looking at between $20,000 and $50,000 per owner in an apartment building for rectification works, with no means of recovering the cost.
Mr Shoebridge said “half the development industry” had called the Greens this week requesting action to fix the bill.
Labor proposed 42 amendments to reinstate clauses addressing supply chain accountability, building inspections, worker safety and a broader definition than “unsafe” products, Yasmin Catley, shadow minister for better regulation, told The Fifth Estate.
The Upper House was called for an urgent sitting yesterday evening to debate the bill. Despite the united efforts of the Greens, Labor and the majority of cross-benchers to try and get the bill modified, Ms Catley said Fred Nile sided with the government enabling the bill to be passed in its eviscerated form.
HIA expresses disappointment
Kristen Brookfield, chief executive industry policy for the Housing Industry Association, said the organisation had no idea how the changes in the bill between consultation and tabling could have happened.
“We were disappointed,” she told The Fifth Estate. “There were a lot of things in the draft we thought would be useful. We don't understand why [the government] made the changes.”
The only real positive in the current proposal is it gives Fair Trading the power to ban products. Currently, building products are not covered under consumer law as they are not a consumer product. The bill is filling that gap, Ms Brookfield said.
However, the ability only kicks in “after the fact”, when a product has already been used. Then there is a lengthy process involved in terms of getting it removed or otherwise rectifying the problem.
She said the HIA wanted the bill to also make sure products on the shelf are fit for purpose.
Calls to the Property Council and Master Builders Association NSW were not returned.
How will Fair Trading get its information?
In terms of how Fair Trading may be made aware there is potential non-compliance or non-conformance, Ms Brookfield suggested that information sharing agreements between the states and territories through the Senior Officers Group of the Building Ministers' Forum could be a channel for intelligence, particularly from Queensland, which recently passed tough supply chain responsibility legislation.
The Fifth Estate asked NSW Fair Trading how it planned to gather information to enforce the provisions of the bill.
A spokesperson said its sources include consumer complaints, phone enquiries, compliance and enforcement activities and education campaigns. Information is also obtained through collaboration with other NSW government agencies, and state and territory building regulators.
“In relation to unsafe building products specifically, information and advice about non-conforming building products is provided on the Fair Trading website, where members of the public can directly make a complaint or raise concerns about a non-conforming building product,” the spokesperson said.
“Anyone with concerns about the conformance of a particular building product is encouraged to notify Fair Trading by emailing NCBP@finance.nsw.gov.au. Enquiries or reports of suspected non-conforming building products can also be lodged through the ABCB website, and this information is provided to Fair Trading and other building regulators throughout Australia.”
Fair Trading also pointed out that under the proposed laws, builders, building product suppliers, manufacturers and importers will be compelled to produce their records so dangerous products can be tracked and pinpointed. Failure to provide this information to Fair Trading will be a criminal offence, with penalties of up to $11,000.
In the case of a product being identified as being wrongly used in a property, local councils will be notified. The new rules give councils the power to issue rectification orders.
Government optimistic legislation is enough
Minister for Better Regulation Matt Kean was optimistic about the impact the legislation could have when he announced it was being tabled.
“Fire safety in high-rise buildings will be enhanced by new powers to crack down on the dangerous use of building products,” he said in a media statement.
“London's Grenfell Tower tragedy was a horrific and stark reminder of the importance of doing all we can to make people in high-rise unit blocks as safe as possible.
“I am issuing a warning – we intend to be vigorous in using these new laws to make sure building products used in this state are fit for purpose.
“Any shonky operator who thinks they will be able to continue using the wrong product in the wrong place should think twice. We will throw the book at anyone who is found to have breached these new laws.”
Once Fair Trading identifies properties where building products have been used inappropriately, local councils will be notified.
Companies that continue to use a banned product will be liable to fines of up to $1.1 million, with fines of up to $220,000 for individuals.
A spokeswoman for the minister said Fair Trading is already equipped with personnel to get the ball rolling, and cladding is one of the priority products for attention.
“We don't want to waste any time at all,” she said.
There are other products also to be examined, she said, though exactly what they are has not been made public.
Tags: building products, Building Products (Safety) Bill 2017, NSW, politics
The iPhone 6, left, and iPhone 6 Plus. Steve Kovach/Business Insider Every month I publish a list on Business Insider ranking the best smartphones in the world. I test a lot of phones in all shapes and sizes. Over my four years at this job I estimate I've used at least 100. By now, I have a really good sense of what works for most people.
Every month I feel as if I have no choice but to put the iPhone at the top of the list. The confluence of design, app selection, and impeccable attention to detail made me look past all that.
My only problem with the iPhone 5S? The iPhone's 4-inch screen was tiny compared with that of every other major competing smartphone. Every time I tested a device from Samsung or HTC or Motorola, I'd go back to my puny 5S wishing it were bigger. My dream phone was a super-huge iPhone that could put the beauty and simplicity of iOS and its ecosystem on a giant display.
This month, Apple made my dream phone. Two of them, in fact: The iPhone 6, which has a 4.7-inch screen, and the iPhone 6 Plus, which has a 5.5-inch screen. I've been switching between both models over the past week. You can buy them now starting at $199 for the iPhone 6 and $299 for the iPhone 6 Plus on contract. They start at $649 and $749 without a contract.
They're big. They're beautiful. They're nearly perfect. When I make my list for October, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will have the two top spots.
The iPhone 6
The iPhone 6 is the best choice for most people. Business Insider Let's start with the iPhone 6, which I think is the device most people will (and should) choose. Most of what I'll say, save for size and a few other things, will apply to the 6 Plus, too.
The glass on top of the iPhone 6 feels as if it curves nearly seamlessly into the aluminum body, like a round gemstone. It almost deceives you into thinking you're holding something smaller than the phone actually is. In a way, the new curved design is a throwback to the original iPhone, which was also wrapped in curved aluminum. I like it a lot better that the rigid rectangular shape Apple had been using since the iPhone 4.
It's the Goldilocks phone — not too big, and not too small. Many big-screen phones are thick and chunky, but at 6.9 millimeters, the iPhone 6 is one of the thinnest I've used. It fits perfectly in my palm, and even with the larger display, I have no problem using it with one hand. I doubt you'll have to worry about one-handed use, even if you have tiny mitts. Just in case, Apple has a new "Reachability" feature in the operating system that pulls the top portion of the screen down to your thumb when you double tap the home button.
A lot of people have been calling the iPhone 6 "slippery" and warning that you should put a case on it. I hate cases. Apple spends a lot of time designing beautiful gadgets, and the last thing I want to do is add extra bulk and plastic to it. It never felt as if the iPhone 6 would slip out of my hand and crash into a million pieces on the floor. Apple gave me a silicone case to test on the phone, but I never used it, and everything was fine. If you're a worrywart, then sure, use a case. But I prefer my phones naked.
The camera bulges out from the back, which is an annoying design quirk. Business Insider My only beef with the design is the camera, which pokes out from the back. Apple is obsessed with thinness, but that obsession resulted in a slight camera bulge from the frame. The device can rock a bit if you place it flat on its back. I doubt most people will notice or care, but it bothers a snoot like me.
But holy moly is that camera good, and the bulge is a fine trade-off. It's an 8-megapixel camera, which on paper sounds less powerful than cameras from competing smartphones. Keep in mind though, 8 MP refers only to the resolution of the image, not the overall quality. Unless you plan on printing out a bunch of poster-size photos, you won't care. I took hundreds of photos with the 6/6 Plus over the past week, and the results were incredible. It works particularly well in low light. Here's a shot I took at dusk:
This photo was taken with the iPhone 6 in very low light. Steve Kovach/Business Insider There are other cool camera tricks, too, like a stabilization feature that keeps your videos still, even if you're moving around while shooting. It can also focus automatically a lot faster, so you don't have to do that double-tap on the screen before you snap a photo. The camera can even auto-focus on objects in real time as you shoot a video.
Battery life is a little better. I was able to get through a full day of normal use. But if you're a heavy user, you may still need to charge up a bit before you head home from work. I almost wish Apple had made the phone a little thicker so it had a bigger battery and a camera flush with the back case. (This complaint doesn't apply to the 6 Plus, however.)
As always, the biggest benefit of the iPhone is its software and ecosystem. All these years later, iPhones still get the best apps first. I'm not talking about the size of Apple's App Store versus what Google has for Android. I'm talking about the quality of apps. Whenever a new app or game comes out, it's usually on iPhone first. And when apps do make it to Android, the design and user experience is often worse. Android may be the most popular mobile operating system on the planet, but it's still treated as an afterthought by most developers. That means a lot to me, and it's one of the key reasons why I've stuck with a tiny-screen iPhone for so long.
The iPhone 6 also comes with the new operating system, iOS 8, which is available on many other iPhone and iPad models. There aren't too many major noticeable changes with iOS 8, so I won't spend a lot of time on it. You can take a full tour of everything that's new right here. My favorite part about the new OS is the active notification system. If you get a new text message, you can answer it without exiting the app you're already using. Developers can use the feature too, and a few, like Twitter, already have. You can also install third-party keyboards and use them instead of Apple's default keyboard. That's a feature Android users have been enjoying for years, and there are already some solid options in the App Store, like Swype and SwiftKey.
Apple Pay will let you buy stuff with your iPhone when it launches in October. Business Insider Finally, there's Apple Pay, which will let you load your credit- or debit-card information onto your iPhone 6 and pay for stuff just by tapping it against a special pad using a technology called Near Field Communication (NFC) to transfer your financial data. Apple Pay won't launch until October, so no one has been able to test it yet. But Apple tells me it should work at any credit card terminal that has one of those "tap to pay" readers on the top. Several retailers like CVS, McDonald's, and Macy's have already said they will support Apple Pay at launch.
Bottom line: The iPhone 6 is a huge upgrade, and a must-buy if you're using an iPhone 5 or earlier. Even if you have an iPhone 5S, you may want to make the move to the 6 if you can wiggle out of your contract. And if you've been using an Android phone all this time because you like bigger screens, you won't be sorry making the switch to Apple's superior ecosystem.
The iPhone 6 Plus
The iPhone 6 Plus should be the phone of choice for power users. Business Insider When Samsung launched its first super-huge phone, the Galaxy Note, in 2012, I thought the company was insane. I called the phone, which actually had a smaller screen than the 6 Plus does today, "too big ... like, practical-joke big."
The joke was on me, though.
It took me until the Galaxy Note 3 launched about a year ago to come to my senses and realize I was being a doofus by dismissing those so-called phablets. I practically live on my phone — emailing and tweeting and reading the news for hours a day, and a big screen simply lets me get a lot more done. Plus, phablets last a lot longer because the bigger body also means you get a bigger battery.
That all holds true with the 6 Plus. And after I return my review unit to Apple, it's going to be the phone I buy. It has all the benefits of the big screen with the added bonus of an impeccable design and access to Apple's superior ecosystem. You can't get that with any other device in this class. The Plus is a productivity machine, the best of the iPad and the iPhone rolled into one hero device. It's the perfect gadget for power users, and I can't imagine using anything else.
Yes, the 6 Plus is huge. I'd say I have above-average-size hands, but I still need both of them to operate this thing efficiently. Even with Apple's Reachability mode, I still feel as if I'm stretching.
But the Plus feels razor-thin, just like the regular iPhone 6 (it's technically 0.2 mm thicker, but there's no way you'd ever be able to tell), and it slides easily into my jeans pocket without sticking out. It does kind of jab into my hip when I sit down, so I usually keep it on my desk if I know I'm going to be sitting for a long time. Overall, I don't think the Plus is too big for me, and what little annoying quirks I did have with it were overshadowed by the benefits of the massive screen. It's a giant slab of silicon and glass and metal, but it works. Perfectly.
The iPhone 6 Plus is massive. That's it on the far right, next to the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 5S. Business Insider The big screen came with a drawback, though. Because the 6 Plus has a sharper resolution than the iPhone 5S and the 6, some third-party apps appear fuzzy or blurry. When using apps like Gmail or Snapchat, it feels as if I'm looking at a distorted, blown-up image, not something designed for a larger, crisper display. Apple told me it had new tools that developers could use to better adapt their apps for the larger display, so I expect to see this problem go away for most major apps soon.
Battery life knocked my socks off, which is something I've never been able to say about an iPhone until now. I used to have to charge my iPhone 5S at least once a day, even on days of lighter usage. It got to the point where I would leave it plugged in all day at work just to spare myself the agony of asking a bartender to borrow a charger if I went out at night.
I'll give you the perfect example:
Last weekend, I woke up at 7 a.m. and took a trip to Alcatraz with my dad. I took over 100 photos and a few videos. Then we took a two-hour round-trip car ride to Tomales Bay, and I used Google Maps navigation to get us there. After that, we toured around San Francisco a bit (I checked Twitter and email a lot during this time) and had dinner. By the time I got home at about 8 p.m., my battery was around 30%, which would've been unfathomable if I had used my iPhone 5S that much without charging. On most days, my battery is at 50% after a full day of work.
Bottom line: The Plus is thinner, prettier, and better in just about every single way than any other phablet I've used. If you're an iPhone power user, I'd suggest looking past the drawbacks of a giant device and consider getting the Plus over the 6.
Does It Bend?
Yes. Or, maybe not. I don't know. I thought I noticed a bend in the 6 Plus on Thursday. I even used a level, and the reading was slightly off. The Plus wasn't quite flush with the table when I placed it face down, but it was barely noticeable. The only reason I even looked for a bend was because of all the "Bendgate" hooplah this week.
Here's my take: If the 6 Plus really does bend, it's not noticeable enough to be a problem. The real test will come several months from now. Does additional stress on the phone over time cause it to bend even more? I hope not. For now, don't sweat it. And don't let the hype sway you from buying the Plus.
Apple for its part says: "Our iPhones are designed, engineered, and manufactured to be both beautiful and sturdy ... With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare, and through our first six days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone 6 Plus."
Conclusion
By the end of the week, I found myself using the iPhone 6 Plus more than the iPhone 6. If the two were sitting on the desk next to each other, I naturally gravitated toward the bigger screen.
Still, I'd recommend that most people buy the iPhone 6. It strikes the perfect balance of getting a bigger screen while remaining manageable enough for one-handed use. I doubt most will want to sacrifice ease of use for some extra screen real estate and few hours of battery life. If you're still unsure, go to the store and try them out. I bet you choose the 6 over the 6 Plus.
It's not the just best phone. It's a dream phone.
Over at the Sporting News, veteran sports media writer Michael McCarthy has a deep dive into FS1 and Embrace Debate Czar Jamie Horowitz's plans for world domination. It's a fascinating profile of Horowitz and his vision of what sports television should be in 2016 – namely, loud people yelling loud sports opinions.
Of course, the attention-grabbing headline is that Horowitz is not hiding his desire to steal First Take carnival barker Skip Bayless away from ESPN for FS1. The two were paired together at First Take and Bayless is the embodiment of the direction Horowitz has taken televised sports talk. Horowitz even compared Bayless and his fellow “opinionists” to Kevin Durant. Try not to fall out of your chair reading that.
The top TV opinionists don't become free agents very often, Horowitz noted. But when they do, he wants them to know he's interested. While Smith signed a long-term extension with ESPN, Bayless' contract is up this year. “I look at these ‘opinionists' like superstars in the NBA. You can probably name the dozen superstars who are out there. It's like asking the (Boston) Celtics, ‘Are you interested in Kevin Durant?' Yes, we're interested in all the superstars. Of course, I'm interested in Skip,” said Horowitz. “I'm interested in Stephen A. and Michael (Smith) and Jemele and (Tony) Kornheiser and (Michael) Wilbon. Just like ESPN and Fox were both interested in Colin.”
Here's another Horowitz quote that will make you stare at your computer screen, tablet, or mobile device with mouth agape:
“You can be unafraid and unfiltered — and be a blowhard. But you're not actually home until you're incisive,” he said. “That's what I think the Colins and the Katies and the Whitlocks all bring: they're thought-provoking and insightful. That really is the bullseye. They're not going to hit it every day, with every comment, with every show. But that's where you're aiming. That's where you want to be.
Yep, Whitlock and Cowherd. Totally. Not. Blowhards.
Given FS1 has become a network mostly of recycled ESPN talking heads, Bayless would fit in perfectly at FS1 alongside Colin Cowherd and Jason Whitlock. Because if there's one thing that FS1 needs right now as a network, it's someone with a lot of bold opinions, bombast, and bluster. They're really lacking in that department at the moment. I hear Jay Mariotti is available, too.
Would Bayless ever leave ESPN for FS1? It's a scenario we've discussed at length here at AA that seems unlikely, but conceivable. Not too many observers would have bet on Cowherd bolting ESPN for greener pastures elsewhere, yet he made the move out west to link back up with Horowitz and try something new. If Bayless likewise wants to be part of building something from the ground up, he may be tempted to throw in with the creator of the movement that made him famous.
Interestingly, McCarthy also outlines Horowitz's ideas for FS1 this year to begin making a dent into the still-massive ratings advantage that ESPN has over the Los Angeles-based network:
— Give Cowherd a second TV show: When Horowitz was producing Cowherd at ESPN, he gave him a second daily show, “SportsNation,” which made co-host Michelle Beadle a star. In addition to “The Herd with Colin Cowherd,” which airs from noon to 3 p.m. ET, Horowitz is developing a second Cowherd TV show for FS1 that will air later in the day. “We're going to follow the model that Colin and I found successful at ESPN, where he did his radio show in the morning, and then ‘SportsNation' in the afternoon,” he said. — Stand-alone Whitlock show: A frequent guest on “The Herd,” Whitlock is in “active development” for his own show, according to Horowitz. During his time in Bristol, Horowitz went to Washington D.C. to learn how to produce studio shows from the master, Erik Rydholm, who has executive produced ESPN's “PTI” since 2001. When Wilbon or Kornheiser were absent, Rydolm's first pick for a guest host would be Whitlock. “That's pretty high praise,” Horowitz said. — Season 3 for Katie Nolan: FS1 plans to premiere Season 3 of her late night show, “Garbage Time with Katie Nolan,” May 3. Her weekly show will air Wednesdays at midnight ET. Said Horowitz: “To use the NBA analogy, you can acquire existing superstars from other teams. Or you can build through the draft. That's what Katie is to us. She's the superstar that was on our team.” — Revamped Fox Sports Live: FS1's answer to “SportsCenter” was ‘Fox Sports Live,” a late night news/highlight show co-anchored by Canadian imports Jay Onrait and Dan O'Toole. The show never caught on. While FS1 still “believes” in Jay and Dan, said Horowitz, the network is ditching the highlights and retooling “FSL” into a show more resembling the duo's free-wheeling podcasts. — Hold off on documentaries: ESPN has always been smart about offering halo programming such as Bob Ley's superior “Outside the Lines” to offset the yelling on “First Take” and other shows. But Horowitz notes it took ESPN three decades to launch its highly-acclaimed “30 for 30” documentary series. He has plenty on his plate before he ventures into more high-brow programming.
It's probably another article altogether, but very quickly it's easy to see what the major holes are in that programming strategy:
1) It's not working so far.
Horowitz and Fox have spent a lot of money on those “All-Star opinionists” without much return. If this is the strategy to boost FS1's ratings and compete with ESPN then it's one that hasn't proven to be too successful thus far. Just take a look at the most recent ratings for the second week of March, which are minute by comparison to anything ESPN airs:
Colin Cowherd: 51,000
Fox Sports Live w/ Jay & Dan: 41,000
Best Thing I Herd: 18,000
Those three shows COMBINED failed to match the viewership of FS1's most popular show during that week – NASCAR Race Hub, which averaged 146,000 viewers. ESPN2's Jalen & Jacoby was ESPN's lowest rated sports talk show over the same week and it still blew everything FS1 did out of the water with 105,000 viewers. It airs at 2 AM ET.
For that matter, a second show starring Colin Cowherd doesn't offer much more hope given Fox is already doing that with “Best Thing I Herd,” a highlights show of a radio show on television. And who says highlights shows are dead!
And as for Jason Whitlock and Katie Nolan, their viewership during Super Bowl Week (February 1-7) was equally uninspiring:
Jason Whitlock's Party By The Bay: 36,000
Garbage Time with Katie Nolan (evenings): 40,000
Garbage Time with Katie Nolan (late night): 23,000
Right now for FS1, the ratio of dollars to viewers is not a pretty picture. If Bayless does go to FS1, the reasonable expectation would be that he would have similar viewership numbers and struggle to break six figures while getting paid more money than any of us will ever see in our lifetimes.
2) FS1 is being gutted everywhere else.
Perhaps most discouraging – while FS1 is spending gobs and gobs of money on these “All-Star opinionists,” the network is cutting behind-the-scenes staffers left and right. Last June, we reported that FS1 was making substantial cuts to their news department and live reporting for events. In February, John Ourand reported that many Fox employees would have to take buyouts or risk being part of another round of layoffs. In March, Richard Deitsch reported that even more news and feature producers were being cut. In addition, there have been significant cuts on the digital side as well with Jimmy Traina the most prominent name to be let go.
The number of layoffs is dire enough, but seeing it come to the news and features department implies that FS1 isn't even going to try to compete anymore with ESPN in news. If that's the case, how can they be taken seriously as a sports network of any importance? The sign that FS1 is basically abandoning any attempt at documentaries (and making good, compelling television) is just downright depressing as well.
FS1 can bring in all the opinionists they want, but as it stands right now, there's not much of a network outside of them. Is Fox Sports going to build the entire strategy of FS1 on antagonists trying to cause controversy and maybe the occasional game here and there? It sure does look that way.
FS1 is taking “The Boy Who Cried Wolf” and trying to build an entire network out of it.
3) It's the rights, stupid
Why do people watch ESPN's endless array of studio shows and talk shows? It's easy – the brain of the sports fan is programmed to watch ESPN as a default measure. That's not just because ESPN has a 30+ year head-start on the competition, it's because ESPN has the vast majority of sports rights that draw large audiences.
And if there's anything we've learned in the rise of 24/7 sports networks like FS1, NBCSN, and CBS Sports Network it's that viewers come for live events and live events only. What's happening now at FS1 with personality-driven on-air talent is the same story as what happened at NBCSN with Michelle Beadle.
If political campaigns are based on the old mantra “it's the economy, stupid” than surely sports media's version is “it's the rights, stupid.”
Fox likes to say that FS1 can do in sports what Fox News did in news and overcome much more established competition to reach the top of the mountain, but it's a real apple to oranges comparison. Bill O'Reilly wasn't trying to compete with the College Football Playoff or Monday Night Football.
In almost three years, FS1's studio lineup has gained barely any traction with sports fans as the numbers prove. The only time they do gain a large audience for studio programming is when there's a large lead-in audience thanks to a popular live event like an MLB Postseason game or a NASCAR Sprint Cup race.
Therefore, FS1 should be investing everything they can into those live events, along with the news and analysis around them. (See, again: NASCAR Race Hub outdoing Whitlock, Cowherd, etc. combined.)
Instead, FS1 is investing millions into polarizing opinionists who will garner heavy criticism and turn off as many fans as they bring in. It's a confounding strategy. At the very least, it's one that's highly debatable.
[Sporting News]
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) on Tuesday predicted that unemployment in Spain along with Greece would remain the highest in the 34 industrialized countries that make up the OECD, and called for safety-net systems for the long-term unemployed no longer entitled to unemployment benefits to be beefed up.
In its Employment Outlook for 2013, the Paris-based multilateral agency said it expected the harmonized rate of unemployment in Spain to continue to move above the 26.9 percent posted in May, just below Greece at 27 percent, to around 28 percent in 2014 — well above the OECD's current level of 8.0 percent. By contrast, it expects the rate in the OECD to fall to 7.8 percent.
The number of people out of work in Spain has risen by more than four million since the start of the crisis in 2008 to over six million, and by 11 million in the OECD to 48 million.
“The social scars of the crisis are far from healed,” said the OECD's secretary general, José Ángel Gurría, at the presentation of the report in Paris. “Many of our countries continue to struggle with high and persistent unemployment, particularly among youth.”
The unemployment rate among workers aged under 25 in Spain is around 55 percent. The OECD noted that the employment rate for young people in Spain has fallen 21 percentage points since the start of the crisis, five times more than the OECD average. At the same time the ratio of young people who are not in employment, education or training (Neets) rose by seven percentage points. “Youths in this group are particularly vulnerable to having their future work careers scarred by a prolonged period of unemployment or inactivity,” the report says.
The organization also noted that long-term unemployment as a share of total unemployment jumped from 19.1 percent in the last quarter of 2007 to 47.0 percent at the end of 2012. “This large increase is of concern because it may be harder for the long-term unemployed to return to work because of skills depreciation and a loss of motivation, leading to a rise in structural unemployment that may be difficult to unwind,” the OECD said.
Hence the need to reinforce safety nets for the long-term unemployed: “Minimum income benefits may need to be strengthened to support families in hardship, especially where long-term unemployment remains very high.”
The agency welcomed the overhaul of the legislation introduced in February of last year by the administration of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy that has made it cheaper and easier to sack workers. It said this had brought Spain closer in line to practices in most European countries. At the same time, it acknowledged that an excessive relaxation of laws on individual and collective layoffs could lead to an increase in the number of people dismissed, which has been the case in Spain.
“The Spanish reform (…) is expected to increase labor reallocation and boost labor productivity and job creation when economic growth picks up,” the report said.
Yukata
Big Sight Naval Review
Autumn Casual
New Lines
Previous Lines
Ship Name Audio Japanese English Notes
2015 Lines
Mochizuki Play 秋だよ～。実りの秋だ～。いろんなものがおいしいよね～。食っちゃ寝しよ～ It's autumn~. A fruitful autumn~. There's a lot of delicious stuff around~. I just want to eat and sleep~
Ayanami Play 綾波、この季節、好きなんです。綾波が進水したのも、秋なんですよ。ウフフ~ I really like this season. After all, I was launched during autumn. Ufufu~
Shikinami Play んぁ～ん、もう、夏終わっちゃたし。秋は何か少し寂しいんだ。いいんだけどさ、別に。 Hmmm~ summer has already ended. Autumn somehow feels a bit lonely. But, that's no problem.
Oboro Play 秋ですね、少し落ち着いた季節になりました。提督はどんな本をお読みですか？ It's autumn now, the season of calm has arrived. What kind of books do you read, Admiral?
Akebono Play えっ？何してるかって？読書よ、読書。秋でしょ、クソ提督も少しは字の本を読みなさいよ Eh? What am I doing? I'm reading of course. It's autumn, so you should read some books with text, you shitty admiral.
Sazanami Play はぁー、秋か。なんか微妙にテンションさがるわ。ご主人様、漣の肩揉んでぇ？ Haa~, autumn huh. My motivation has dropped somehow. Master, can you give me a shoulder massage?
Ikazuchi Play 雷、司令官のためにもっともっと働いちゃうね。えっ、嬉しいの？ I'll keep working hard for your sake commander. Eh, are you happy?
Shiratsuyu Play んー季節は秋だね。少し寒くなってきたかな？でもまだ半袖で行けるよね！ Hmm, it's autumn now. It's getting a little bit cold, right? But short sleeves are still fine!
Shigure Play 秋は、少しさみしいね……あっ…ううん、僕は元気だよ。 Autumn feels a little lonely... ah... Well, I'm fine.
Yuudachi Play 秋はなんだかお腹が空くっぽい。ごはんまだかな～。ごっはん～♪ごっはん～♫ Autumn, like, somehow makes me feel hungry. Where's the food~. Food～♪ Food～♫
Harusame Play いつまでも、司令官と一緒に、第二駆逐隊で、頑張りたいです。はい。 The 2nd Destroyer Division will always be doing their best by your side commander. Yes.
Umikaze Play 秋はお芋が美味しいですよね。提督、少しお芋蒸かしましょうか？ お茶もお入れしますね。おまちください Autumn sweet potatoes are delicious. Admiral, shall we steam some sweet potatoes? I'll go prepare some tea. Please wait a moment.
Kawakaze Play よし。夏を乗り越えたぞ。秋はいいねぇ。なンかのびのびするよ、食いもンも、美味しいわぁ Right. We've got past summer. Autumn is great. It makes me feel at ease and there's lots of delicious food to eat.
Ooshio Play 司令官秋がやってまいりました！第八駆逐隊、枯葉を集めて焼き芋生産任務に入ります！秋ももちろん、アゲアゲです！ Autumn has come commander! The 8th Destroyer Division will commence the mission to collect dry leaves for sweet potato roasting! Autumn is definitely time to be lively!
Michishio Play 秋、か。この季節は少し気持ちが沈むわね。はあ？何、司令官。べつに優しくしてほしいわけじゃないし…大丈夫よ！ Autumn huh. During this season it's natural to feel a bit down. Huh? What, commander. It's not like I want to be treated nicely... I'm fine!
Arashio Play うふふふっ。季節は秋ね。秋は荒潮も少ーし悲しくなるの。でも、平気よぉ！優しいのね、うふふふふっ！ Ufufufu. It's autumn now. Autumn makes me feel a little sad. But I'm fine! You are kind, ufufufu!
Arare Play 秋になりましたね。うん、秋の虫が、鳴いて、ますね Autumn is here. Yup, the autumn insects are all making noises.
Kasumi Play 秋か……。秋が過ぎれば、冬ね。礼号作戦。私が旗艦を努めた。何故？ 鮮明に覚えている。何で…… Autumn huh... After autumn, it'll be winter. Operation Rei-gou. I was the flagship for that. Why? I remember it well. Why... Operation Rei-gou was the naval support for the Battle of Mindoro
Hatsukaze Play 秋、か。この季節の夜は嫌ね。ああ、別に理由なんてないんだけど… Autumn huh. I don't like autumn nights. Ah, there's no particular reason... Likely referring to the Battle of Empress Augusta Bay where she got sunk at night
Urakaze Play 提督、秋やねぇ。よかったら一緒に鎮守府の秋祭りに……。ああ、忙しかったら、浜風と行くけぇ。あ、そお。うふふ Admiral, it's autumn. Shall we go to the Naval Base's autumn festival together... Ah, if you're busy I'll go with Hamakaze. Ah, really. Ufufu.
Play 提督、ウチ祭りの射的は得意なんやぁ。どれがほしいけぇ？ ウチが取っちゃるけぇ、まかしときぃ (改) Admiral, I'm really good at festival shooting galleries. Which prize do you want? Leave it to me, I'll get it for you. (Kai)
Hamakaze Play 提督、鎮守府の秋祭りですか？あ、はい。浴衣で！？わかりました。少しを待ちください。 The naval base's autumn festival, Admiral? Ah, yes. In a yukata!? Understood. Please wait a moment.
Play 提督、秋祭りというモノは、うんむぐ、むぐむぐ。大変、美味しい物ですね。浜風、堪能しました Admiral, the autumn festival is... *nom nom* very delicious. I'm having a lot of fun.
Tanikaze Play 夏が終わっちまったねぇ。なんだか、さみしいねぇ。うん、まぁ、いいか。夏はまた、来年も来るしねぇ、な Summer is over huh. Somehow it's sad. Hmm, well, that's fine. Summer will be here next year too.
Maikaze Play のわっちのわっち、秋だねー。秋はお芋が美味しいよねー。あっ、太らないようにしないとね！ Nowacchi, Nowacchi, it's autumn. Sweet potatoes in autumn are delicious. Ah, but be careful not to gain weight! Nowacchi = Nowaki
Kazagumo Play 少し肌寒くなって来たわね。秋かぁ。お芋。焼き芋食べたいわね。ねぇ、秋雲 It's getting a little chilly now. Autumn huh. Sweet potatoes. I want to eat some baked sweet potatoes. Hey, Akigumo~
Teruzuki Play 秋かぁ。秋は秋月姉ェの秋だよね。冬は、冬月の月。あれ？ 照月って季節はいつ、なの？ Autumn huh. Autumn is Akizuki-ane's season. Winter moon is Fuyutsuki's. Huh? Which season is mine? Aki = Autumn, Fuyu = Winter.
Libeccio Play あの鳴いてるの、なぁに？ 秋の虫？ あぁ、鈴虫って言うんだ。いい音色ね。え？ 鈴虫って、スイカ食べるの、本当？ What is that sound? Autumn insects? Ah, it's crickets. That's a nice sound. Eh? These crickets really eat watermelons?
2016 Lines
Kamikaze Play 司令官、秋です！ この季節、私なんかわくわくしちゃう！ 司令官は、秋、どうですか？ Commander, it's autumn! Somehow, I'm really excited about this season! How do you feel about autumn commander?
Harukaze Play 司令官様、秋は食べ物がおいしい季節です。わたくし、腕によりをかけて、おいしい物をお作りいたしますね。うふふっ。 Commander, autumn is the season of delicious food. I shall go and skilfully make some delicious food now. Ufufu~.
Mutsuki Play やったぁー！ 夏を乗り切ったにゃしぃ！ これでしばらくは安心にゃ！ よぉーし、秋は頑張るにゃ！ 提督、期待してて。 Hooray~! I got through summer-nyashi! I can be relieved for now-nya! Alright, I'll do my best during autumn-nya! Commander, keep your expectations high.
Kisaragi Play 秋っていいわよね。睦月ちゃんもなんだか嬉しそう。司令官には、どんな秋かしら。 食欲の秋？ それとも……うふふふっ。 Autumn is good right. Mutsuki-chan is somehow looking so happy. What does autumn mean to you admiral? Autumn appetite? Or perhaps... Ufufufu~
Yayoi Play 弥生は…秋は…苦手。怒ってなんか…ない、です。怒ってなんか…ない、けど……。 I'm not... good at dealing with... autumn. I'm not... angry. I'm not angry... but...
Uzuki Play 弥生、元気がないぴょん……。そういう時は、うーちゃんの一発芸をみるっぴょん！ せーの、ぷっぷくぷー！ ……あれ？ なんで怒ってるぴょん？ Yayoi, doesn't look too good... This is just the right time for me to try out my gags-pyon! One, two, Pupukupu~! ...Oh? Why are you angry-pyon?
Satsuki Play あー、秋になっちゃったね。司令官、平気さ！今のボクなら、乗り越えられる！見ててっ。 Ah, autumn is here huh. Commander, I'm calm! The right now, will overcome this! Just watch.
Minazuki Play 季節は秋だよ。司令官はなんの秋？……さっちんは食欲の秋、ふみちゃんは読書の秋、ながながはスポーツの秋かなぁ。司令官はなんだろうねぇ？恋の秋……だったり？ The season is now autumn, Commander what does autumn mean to you? ...Satcchin is autumn appetite, Fumi-chan is autumn reading, Naganaga is autumn sports. What about you Commander? Perhaps... autumn love?
Fumizuki Play 秋は～、焼き芋とかもおいしいよね～♪ でも～、食べ過ぎは危険～。ふぇぇぇ……。 Autumn's roasted sweet potato and stuff is delicious~♪ But, eating too much is dangerous~ Fueeee...
Kikuzuki Play ああ……なんだ。こう時間があると、折角の海、竿を垂らしたくなるな。……やるか。 Aah... what. It's already time, to dangle the fishing rod over my anticipated sea ...Let's do this.
Fubuki Play 特型駆逐艦、吹雪型一番館、吹雪！行きます司令官！見てなさい！ Special-type destroyer, 1st ship of the Fubuki-class, Fubuki! I'm setting off Commander! Just watch me!
Ushio Play 秋は焼き芋が美味しいですよね。提督、後でお庭で枯葉を集めてお芋焼きませんか？ Autumn roast sweet potatoes are delicious right. Admiral, why don't we gather some dead leaves in the courtyard and roast some sweet potatoes?
Akatsuki Play 秋は少し、夜中にお手洗い行くのが苦手……。こ、この季節だけよ！ぷんすかっ！ During autumn, it's a bit difficult to go to the toilet in the middle of the night... On... only during this season! Harrumph~!
Hibiki Play 秋…浴衣…いや、別に羨ましいとか、そういうのはない。でも…見るのは好きだ。 Autumn... Yukata... No, I'm not jealous, that's not it. But... I like looking.
Ikazuchi Play さあ、秋はお祭りよ！ 司令官、雷、もっともーっと応援してあげるね！ わっしょい！ Now, it's time for the autumn festival! Commander, Inazuma, please keep cheering me on alright! Hip hip hooray!
Inazuma Play 司令官さん、電、浴衣を着てみたのです。はわわっ……ありがとう、なのです。ですっ！ Commander-san, Inazuma I tried wearing a yukata. Hawawa... Thank you-nanodesu. Desu~!
Murasame ふんふーん♪ 秋は秋で嫌いじゃないのよねえ。春雨とか、どうしてるかなー。 Funfu~n♪ I don't hate autumn. I wonder how Harusame feels.
Yuudachi Play 夏が終わったっぽい。秋が来るっぽい！ぽいぽいっぽい！！ Summer is over-poi. Autumn is here-poi! Poi poi poi!!
Asashio Play 司令官、夏が過ぎ、秋がやってきます。大丈夫です。朝潮型駆逐艦秋も全でまいります。ご心配には及びません。 Commander, summer is over and autumn has come. I'm totally fine. The Asashio-class destroyers will do our best during autumn too. You don't have to worry at all.
Oyashio Play 秋になりました。大鷹さんが就役された季節。また、お会いできると良いな。きっと。 Autumn is here. This was the season Taiyou was commissioned. It would be nice if I could see her again. Definitely.
Amatsukaze Play まだ残渣はあるけれど、少し過ごし安くになってきたはね。え、焼き芋？あ、別にあたし居見ないし。。。ぜんぜんないから。。。 Even though there are still leftovers, it might be cheaper to spend a bit more. Eh, roast sweet potatoes? Ah, I'm not interested in that... totally not...
Isokaze Play 秋か。また、あの季節が来るのだな。よし、良いだろう。練度を上げたこの磯風の力、見せてやろう。サンマでも何でも、焼いてやるさ！ Autumn huh. This season is here again. Right, that's fine. I'll show you my power from increased experience. Saury or anything else, I'll grill it all!
Arashi Play よーし！夏の夜を乗り切ったぞー！これでもう大丈夫だ！時雨、川内さん、俺は勝ったぞー！ Alriiiiight! I got through summer's nights! I'm totally fine now! Shigure, Sendai-san, I won!
Hagikaze Play 夏もあっという間に過ぎて、もう秋…。 司令、私いま、秋の健康料理研究してるんです。 Summer has finally given way to autumn... Commander, I'd like to study healthy autumn foods.
Akigumo Play 秋になっちゃったねぇー。まあいっかぁ、夏と冬の間は短いんだ、ここで油断は禁物！ でもまあ秋って油断しちゃうんだよなぁー♪ お芋食お。 Autumn is here huh. Oh well, the time between summer and winter is short, I can't be slacking now! But autumn really puts you in a slacking mood~♪ I want to eat sweet potatoes.
Yuugumo Play 秋か~。この季節は、あまり南方へは行きたくないわね。風雲さん、磯風さんも、あなたたちは、いつも元気ね。 Autumn huh. During this season, I really don't want to go to the south. Kazagumo-san and Isokaze-san, the two of you are always energetic.
Makigumo Play 秋ですね〜焼き芋の美味しい季節。秋雲何その大量の紙くずは？燃やすの？じゃあお芋やこう！私枯れ葉集めてくるから！ It's autumn now~ The season of delicious roast sweet potato. Akigumo, what's with that pile of waste paper? You want to burn it? Then, let's go roast some sweet potatoes! I'll go collect some dead leaves!
Naganami Play 来ましたな秋が。。。やらんだよね秋。。。な、島風？あれ、お前元気だな。。。いいは若いって。。。私も若いけどさ。。。 So autumn is here... Got to face autumn now... Right Shimakaze? Oh, you're really energetic... must be nice to be young, wait... I'm young too...
Play ええ。。。暑いにこの季節だよ。なんかも空にあげちゃうね？いつもさあ。。。て。。敵が？何だ瑞雲が。なんかさいきんふゆいような、瑞雲 Eh....it's such a hot season isn't it? Is there something in the sky? It's always something....eh...an enemy! Oh no it's just a Zuiun. That's a nice sounding name isn't it, Zuiun.
The NE 75th Street Road Safety Corridor project (PDF) has been a huge success by every possible measure. The street is safer for everyone, it's more comfortable for everyone, and everyone is moving more efficiently.
When I say everyone, I mean everyone. According to a new city report, speeding is down 60 percent and high-end speeding (10 mph or more above the limit) has been nearly eliminated. Yet traffic is moving more smoothly at a consistent speed allowing the average person driving to move through the area in slightly less time than before the changes were implemented.
Making the street safer and adding bike lanes and a center turn lane made NE 75th Street more efficient. No longer does traffic get tied up behind someone trying to make a left turn, and the road screeches to a halt due to a traffic collision way less often than it used to.
And most importantly, fewer neighbors are getting seriously injured or killed.
We waited too long to implement this project. The impetus to make the changes came after one of the most devastating instances of traffic violence Seattle has seen in years. Mark Mullen, hammered and behind the wheel of a pickup that should have had an ignition lock system, ran down a family.
Judy and Dennis Schulte were killed. Their daughter-in-law Karina was seriously injured. So was their ten-day-old grandson Elias, who Karina was holding as they walked across the street.
It's vital to remember that when we look at collision and traffic statistics, we're talking about the lives of our neighbors, friends and family. The Schulte family deserved better, and we have to take action to prevent anything like that March 2013 collision from happening again.
The Data
The project area spans a very busy section of NE 75th Street. At 21,300 average daily traffic counts, the section between 15th Ave NE and 25th Ave NE is busier than most Seattle streets. It's even busier than most of the Rainier Ave sections the city is currently studying for a similar road safety project.
And contrary to concerns and what many people might assume, NE 75th now carries more traffic than it did before, and that traffic now experiences fewer delays. Speeding is down, but average speed is slightly up. Traffic counts (which include people biking) are up 3 percent over the course of a day and almost 10 percent during peak hours.
People are changing their habits and choosing NE 75th over other routes, perhaps because it is more comfortable now. Instead of gunning it to 36 mph or so, then slowing to a stop so someone can make a turn, then gunning it again, traffic moves at a more consistent and safer 26 mph through the whole area, saving time and stress in the end. Plus people who like to drive aggressively and weave between lanes can't do that anymore, which is a good thing.
As was the case in previous road safety projects around the city, speeding dropped. But speeding on NE 75th Street did more than drop, it plummeted about 60 percent. And high-end speeding (10 mph or more over the limit) was nearly eradicated.
And as expected, collisions of all kinds went way down. Many collision types were eliminated, while others saw declines of 22 – 50 percent. These are people's lives we're talking about, so these results are powerful.
They're so powerful, in fact, that the city should be looking to repeat this success on every dangerous street in the city if it wants to make a serious attempt at reaching Vision Zero. And that's exactly what the city intends to do.
Mayor Ed Murray's Move Seattle transportation levy and plan includes funding for 12 – 15 of these project on “all our high-crash streets.” If this plan makes it through the Council and voters approve the levy in November, Seattle really could make a legitimate run at being the first US city to achieve Vision Zero.
The city's next (and perhaps biggest ever) road safety project challenge is underway right now. Rainier Ave has an even worse safety record than NE 75th did. It also has more foot traffic, more parking demand, more bus service and a higher demand for safe biking space. Rainier is definitely a more difficult project, but the safety benefits are potentially much higher as well. And after looking at this study, the NE 75th Street project should be a guiding light as the city develops designs to finally improve safety and comfort on Rainier Valley's primary commercial street.
Laughter is one of the great gifts human beings can give to one another. There's something cathartically rejuvenating about being doubled over with guttural chortles while witnessing a peerless satirist tackle cinematic miscalculations of a colossal magnitude. Few people have made me laugh more than Doug Walker. His long-running web show, “Nostalgia Critic,” is the MacBook Generation's answer to “Mystery Science Theater 3000,” and has provided fans with weekly doses of hilarity over the past six years. Blending inspired gags with insightful commentary, each episode features Walker as the titular critic, whose formidable rage at ineptitude suggests Armond White by way of Daffy Duck.
I've watched every single one of the Nostalgia Critic's reviews, dating all the way back to “Transformers: The Movie” on April 6, 2008. All of them are available on Walker's site, ThatGuyWithTheGlasses.com, which also showcases the work of various online entertainers and film enthusiasts around the globe. The ambition of Walker and his team at Channel Awesome, Inc., has only grown over the years, resulting in epic undertakings such as musical reviews (“Moulin Rouge”) and priceless celebrity cameos (Mara Wilson's vengeance-fueled appearance in Walker's “A Simple Wish” review is a flat-out classic). Walker has even succeeded in skewering films that he genuinely likes, such as Steven Spielberg's “Hook.”
In honor of the Nostalgia Critic's upcoming anniversary, Indie Outlook is ranking the Top 11 Nostalgia Critic Reviews, complete with links to the full videos and memorable quotes from the NC himself. Why Top 11? Because, as a wise man once said, “I like to go one step beyond.”
11. The Room (2003) July 13, 2010
No modern bad movie is as phenomenally successful, universally beloved and endlessly entertaining as Tommy Wiseau's painfully earnest relationship drama, reportedly filmed “with the passion of Tennessee Williams,” but lacking all of the aforementioned master's talent. Since this is one of the first recent films reviewed on the show, the Critic ends up traveling to a post-apocalyptic future (overrun with flying seahorses) in order for the picture to register as properly nostalgic. The trip was well worth it, considering how the Critic's reactions to every squirm-inducing scene are as uproarious as the film itself. Though Wiseau initially ordered for the video to be taken down, it has subsequently been praised by “Room” co-stars Juliette Danielle and Greg Sestero, the latter of whom was interviewed on an episode of Walker's series, “Shut Up and Talk.”
“You didn't know it was him? You didn't recognize the five-foot, girly-haired French zombie until he took off his sunglasses?!”
10. How the Grinch Stole Christmas (2000) December 16, 2011
Many critics couldn't resist reviewing Ron Howard's holiday turkey in the rhyming verse favored by Dr. Seuss, whose poetic genius and anti-consumerist message were sullied by this gloomy slapstick-laden exercise in wretched excess (though Jim Carrey admittedly earns a few genuine laughs amidst all the shrill desperation). The Critic puts his peers to shame by delivering his entire 20-minute review in the form of an epic Seussian rhyme, and it's a masterwork in its own right. He even manages to rhyme some of the selected clips he's chosen, not just from “The Grinch,” but from other yuletide perennials, such as “National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation.” I believe Seuss would've appreciated the moment toward the end where the Critic is forced to confront the voices of those who actually like Howard's “Grinch,” causing him to ponder the true meaning of criticism.
“Ugggh…Really? We're letting the brat sing here?/It sounds like something that came out of Charlotte Church's rear.”
9. Top 11 Drug PSAs June 22, 2008
One of the great pleasures of “Nostalgia Critic” is how it sheds light on obscure oddities so mind-boggling in their wrong-headedness that you can barely believe that they actually exist. That's especially true of the number one selection on this list ranking the top 11 funniest vintage drug public service announcements. Every single one of them is worth a look, from the Lynchian head-scratcher featuring a young John Michael Higgins to the unsettling and arguably racist clip of a drug dealer morphing into a satanic snake. Yet it is the top video chosen by the Critic that caused me to laugh so hard that I practically hyperventilated. I wouldn't dare ruin the surprise, though allow me to simply say that it stars an '80s-era celebrity who is the last person on earth one would ever expect to be a serious spokesperson against drug use. It must be seen to be believed.
“Look at this show and tell me that it isn't somehow inspired by an illegal substance.”
8. The Christmas Tree (1991) December 24, 2013
Good animation is so easily taken for granted. Replicating human emotions in drawings that must mimic the rhythms of organic movement is no easy task to achieve, a truth that becomes readily apparent when faced with an animated train wreck like Flamarion Ferreira's 45-minute cartoon, rightly dubbed by the Critic as the worst Christmas special ever made. The comparisons that have been made between this staggeringly inept travesty and “The Room” are entirely justified, since the animators and voice-over actors prove to be entirely incapable of delivering anything resembling a convincing performance. When two parents learn that their daughter has fallen off a cliff, their faces remain catatonic while their eyelids slide slowly up and then down again. It is the animated equivalent of Wiseau's infamous non-performance in “The Room.”
“I'm going to check with the doctor and see if I am clinically still alive.”
7. Casper (1995) October 20, 2009
Speaking of cartoons, Walker and his team have proven to be remarkably skilled at incorporating animated characters into episodes that enhance the comic timing of various gags (I loved the exasperated tumbleweed that rolls through the comedic dead zone of “Good Burger” before stomping off the set). Yet the NC's finest achievement in animation remains the foul-mouthed Casper (voiced by Walker) who accompanies the Critic during his review of Brad Silberling's live-action reboot. Though I enjoyed the film as a kid, this review reminded me of just how over-stuffed it is with lazy cultural references, and just how little atmosphere or tangible awe it contains. Walker's Casper actually turns out to have far more personality and edge than his generic doppelgänger in Silberling's film, especially when he tries to school the Critic in the art of comedy.
NC: “That's not funny.”
Casper: “Oh please!…Do you know what the pure essence of all comedy is?”
[long pause]
NC: “So they go into the house where they're suddenly greeted by—”
Casper: “TIMING!”
6. The Star Wars Holiday Special (1978) December 22, 2009
My favorite Christmas present that I've ever received from the NC was his review of the spectacularly ill-advised TV special that George Lucas has tried and failed to hide from the public. Featuring the main cast members of “Star Wars,” exuding all the holiday cheer of condemned prisoners, this badly dated variety show continuously halts its flimsy storyline (about Chewbacca traveling back home to celebrate “Life Day” with his obnoxious family) with awful musical numbers and tedious comic routines from Harvey “Stir Whip!” Korman. The high point turns out to be Bea Arthur as a singing bartender whose cantina is shut down by the Empire. This leads to a marvelous sketch consisting of re-edited footage from “Return of the Jedi” and inspired voice-over work from Walker's brother and close collaborator, Rob, in which the Emperor reveals his Bea Arthur fixation to Vader.
“This is wrong…this is a Holocaust of wrong.”
5. Signs (2002) June 12, 2012
After being floored by his one (and doomed to be only) masterpiece, “The Sixth Sense,” I clearly remember straining to like M. Night Shyamalan's shoddy sci-fi thriller in the theater, looking past its awkward dialogue, ludicrous plot and lifeless performances in order to savor its fitful bursts of well-crafted suspense. Yet the Critic's review set me straight on how this inexplicably praised embarrassment was the harbinger of all the dreck to follow. Shyamalan's script reaches Tarantinian levels of indulgence, while his pedestrian camerawork pans back and forth so often that Walker accentuates it with a hilarious sound effect. Yet what's funniest of all is the sheer idiocy of the aliens, who can't even manage to open a door, as illustrated in a hysterical bit of vaudevillian voice-over work. In the words of MST3K's “Mitchell,” “Oh no—a door! I didn't plan on this!”
“Apparently the only thing that can kill the aliens is water…Probably should've thought that through before attacking a planet MOSTLY COVERED IN WATER!”
4. Dawn of the Commercials November 12, 2013
Upon the Nostalgia Critic's rebirth after a brief retirement, Walker sought to include sketches in his long-form reviews that spotlighted the comedic work of sidekicks Malcolm Ray and Rachel Tietz. They were a welcome addition to the show, though in my opinion, their contributions were never given a better showcase than in the NC's anticipated return to spoofing commercials, mocking everything from passive-aggressive baby dolls to pompously patriotic pancakes. Yet the biggest laughs in this video occur in the sketches themselves, bolstered by some of the best writing on any Nostalgia Critic episode. Tietz, who recently left the show, had always sported a rubbery-faced exuberance rivaling that of Kristen Wiig. Her brilliant skewering of sickeningly shallow “Milk” ads and her portrayal of a horny witch (who hits on Greg Sestero) are a joy to behold.
“Milk: Because personality should come—never.”
3. The Garbage Pail Kids Movie (1987) March 11, 2009
Picked by Walker as the worst film he's ever forced himself to sit through (thus far), Rod Amateau's grotesquely abysmal kid's movie is about as easy to stare at for a prolonged amount of time as the sun. Based on John Pound's playfully gross trading cards, this unseemly trash heap is populated by costumed actors with immobile animatronic faces and charming names like Valerie Vomit and Greaser Greg, who carries his own pocket knife (how cute!). In the middle of this mess is “Facts of Life” star Mackenzie Astin, who looks about a decade younger than his assigned love interest, despite the fact that they're only a year apart. On the creepiness scale, this slop is off the charts. On the scale of ingenuity, few NC sequences beat this review's operatic finale, in which the film's cataclysmic repulsiveness fractures space and time, sending the Critic through a “2001”-like wormhole toward an excremental fate.
“Beauty has always been in the eyes of the beholder, and anyone who has eyes can clearly see that they are ugly as sin.”
2. Pearl Harbor (2001) February 19, 2013
Rarely has the NC's anger at offensively bad filmmaking resonated on such a raw and rousing level than in his bruising takedown of Michael Bay's self-congratulatory bore. Instead of focusing primarily on the titular attack, Bay devotes much of his film's screen time to a childish love triangle, while reducing the real-life deaths of thousands of Americans to exploitative action carnage. Clearly offended by Bay's tone-deaf posturing, the Critic delivers an exhilarating rant that comes off as startlingly heartfelt, chastising the director for his irresponsible propagandizing sensationalism. Intercut with the review is an extended sketch that deftly satirizes Bay's masturbatory approach to storytelling, with Walker (as Bay) paying spirited homage to Tim Burton's “Ed Wood” (click the above title for the unedited review). One of the finest examples of a Nostalgia Critic review functioning triumphantly well as both comedy and critique.
“When you take it upon yourself to represent something that really happened, and it's still painful and hurts a lot of people, that means you have to do two things: 1. You have to grow up and be an adult, and 2. You have to represent these people as best as humanly possible, you son of a B—CH!”
1. Titanic: The Legend Goes On… (2000) March 24, 2009
Here it is, folks: the Nostalgia Critic review that turned me from a casual fan into a lifelong devotee. Apparently mistaking the plot of James Cameron's “Titanic” as a fictional melodrama with no ties to historical events, Italian director Camillo Teti decided to cash in on the mega-blockbuster's success by making his own kiddie version, an animated musical complete with plagiarized Disney characters and a detestably happy ending. Teti also thought it would be a good idea to have a scene where a mouse is saved by a dog that materializes out of nowhere and proceeds to rap, “It's Party Time!” It's impossible to estimate just how much laughter this single video has brought to me over the years. Though the NC later unearthed another animated version of “Titanic” that he claimed was even worse (and, in some ways, it inarguably was), nothing, for my money, tops the deplorably hellacious atrocity of the rapping dog.
“Waaaaah, I lost my ball! This is the worst possible thing that could happen to me on this trip!”
For the complete list of Nostalgia Critic videos, click here.
Advertisements
Activision Blizzard doesn't do anything halfway. In finally deciding to make a big move into the mobile games segment, it's just spent nearly $6 billion to acquire King, maker of hit mobile games like Candy Crush.
But while you might be thinking that's a lot of money to drop on even one of the highest-grossing mobile games around, it's clear that Activision isn't just looking at adding the sweets-matching puzzle game to its shelf alongside Call of Duty and Hearthstone. It's about swallowing up a massive, worldwide userbase, expanding the number of people hooked on Activision products, to whom it can sell all sorts of things into the future.
On a conference call this morning, Activision executives continually noted the opportunities for synergy, touting its large library of game franchises that it has built up over its 35 years of existence, "meaningful opportunities to grow and cross-promote content" to the merged company's "collective players," and to "give all our franchises broader access to more people in more geographies."
In other words, who cares if Candy Crush has already peaked? Activision needs a mobile games unit, period. At 450 million monthly active users in 196 countries, King's audience is just what Activision needs.
Activision Blizzard has been dismissive of the mobile market since its inception. It hasn't released many mobile games at all, even as all of its competitors rushed in. Now, $5.9 billion later, it's a major player in the market, which CEO Bobby Kotick describes as "the fastest-growing segment in gaming," "still very fragmented, and we believe it has great promise for the future."
Activision's changing tune on mobile had started to become apparent with its push to have full-featured mobile versions of games like Skylanders Trap Team and Guitar Hero Live ready day-and-date with the console games.
And you can look at it this way: Instead of having to build up a mobile game unit from scratch, trying and testing umpteen different games and processes in the hopes that it would land a big hit, Activision just waited for all of the mobile upstarts to fight it out, and bought the one that did the best. Maybe this turns out to actually have been the best move.
Gov. Rick Snyder (Photo: Associated Press)
LANSING The Michigan Democratic Party on Monday accused Republican Gov. Rick Snyder's administration of twice extending a state contract without competitive bidding last year and increasing its worth earlier this year just a day after the company's executives held a fundraiser for his campaign.
Snyder spokeswoman Sara Wurfel called the allegations — levied nearly two weeks before he faces Democrat Mark Schauer in the Nov. 4 election— "ridiculous, offensive and baseless."
The State Administrative Board in 2013 granted six-month and one-year extensions worth up to $26.4 million to J&B Medical Supply, which supplies diapers and other incontinence products to Medicaid recipients. Then this past June, it unanimously increased the contract's value by up to $390,000 a day after J&B executives hosted a fundraiser for Snyder that raised more than $54,000 after expenses.
Party Chairman Lon Johnson said documents uncovered by Democrats "raise serious questions regarding whether pay to play is standard operating procedure inside Rick Snyder's administration."
The Snyder administration, however, said the timing was a coincidence and extensions are not unprecedented in state contracts.
Administration officials said the $390,000 change to the contract was necessitated by 18,000 new recipients becoming eligible when Michigan's Medicaid expansion program began in April and had been in the works at least a month before the June 9 fundraiser.
"We're not going to apologize for helping make sure Michiganders got the supplies they need to live healthy, productive lives," Wurfel said.
Wixom-based J&B requested the adjustment on May 5 and an Administrative Board committee preliminarily approved it on June 3, said Caleb Buhs, spokesman for the state Department of Technology, Management and Budget.
"This was well, well into motion before the Administrative Board meeting took place on June 10," he said.
Democrats — including Schauer and GOP Attorney General Bill Schuette's opponent Mark Totten — also questioned why the $113 million contract, first authorized by then-Democratic Gov. Jennifer Granholm's administration in 2008, was not rebid in 2013 after Granholm officials exercised allowable one-year options in 2009 in exchange for a 1 percent price reduction.
"These actions by the governor to approve no-bid contracts with J&B are an apparent violation of provisions of the Michigan Management and Budget Act," Johnson said.
Snyder officials said they twice extended the contract because a new integrated care program serving dual Medicaid-Medicare enrollees had made it difficult to estimate future purchasing volumes.
"It didn't make sense to bid out a multiyear contract until those questions could be answered," Buhs said.
He said discussions continue on how to proceed with the J&B contract, which is due to expire at the end of the year.
The Democratic Party found an Internet video of the fundraiser in Bloomfield Hills, which was hosted by Fawzi and Mary Shaya and Abu-Bakar Sheikh. Sheikh is J&B's chief financial officer; and the Shayas founded the business.
The administrative board approves state contracts and is comprised of representatives for the governor, lieutenant governor, secretary of state, attorney general, state treasurer, school superintendent and transportation director.
Follow David Eggert on Twitter: https://twitter.com/DavidEggert00.
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1tGAQYT
Paul Ryan Details His Plan for Post-Bowling Drinks
This idea that I'm going to pay for these four beers just because you guys kept buying me drinks at the bowling alley? I'm sorry but that's a clandestine tax on my hard-earned dollars. Not only that, it's interfering with the workings of the beer market. Remember, many of these beers were imposed upon me, over my protests. So you're taking away my freedom of choice as a consumer in the marketplace.
Milton Friedman tells us that if you guys are buying me drinks, then sure, I'm going to drink them. But let's say you don't buy me drinks, then I, as an individual, am forced to decide how many beers I want based on my appetite for Schlitz. The market, rather than some arbitrary round buyer, dictates how I spend my beer money.
I propose we adopt this market-based system right away. We can't just bury our heads in the sand and hope this beer tab will pay itself. I've run some quick calculations, and, once I have paid for my own beer, I'm forecasting a $15 deficit here. That could rise by 100% in the time it takes us to drink another beer. The only way we are going to close this deficit is by each of us taking responsibility for our own beers, starting now.
People say the “rounds system” is just the way people do booze in Washington. But it's time to stop the waste. Look around this table, gentlemen. There are at least 25 milliliters of beer left in each of these glasses. You think of four guys having seven beers each over the course of an evening. That's a six-pack of Budweiser. Wasted! And then you look at Dick Armey. Completely wasted!
Some of you might suggest that we revisit this Washington “rounds system” after we settle the check tonight. But gentlemen, we're facing a major bar-tab deficit right now. Tomorrow is too late. I don't want my grandchildren coming to this bar in 20, 30 years and having to pay my tab.
This is not just about one bar tab, either. This debt crisis is part of a structural problem with our bowling team. Our spending has gotten out of control. I've been saying it every Tuesday since I arrived in Washington but now that we're on the brink of defaulting on this tab, I think I've gotten your attention at last.
Dick Armey made a proposal just now that we increase our spending on alcoholic stimulus tonight and have our team “large it up.” The immutable laws of economics say we do the exact opposite. To prevent a Nick-the-Greek-style bowling-team collapse, we must reduce alcoholic stimulus and—above all—make this team smaller.
What does the Spectrometer even do on this team? Does anybody know? Armey bowls strikes, the Rominee is our spiritual guy, I handle team finances. What does the Spectrometer do? “Keep score”? This is the 21st century. If we are going to be a competitive bowling team, we need to figure out how to set up that computer screen above the lane where you type your name in and the computer tallies everything up. We don't need Arlen and his super-slow writing on his notepad. Look, I like Specter as a guy. But the bartender is on his way over here. There are no easy choices right now.
I'm passing around a spreadsheet I took the liberty of printing up. If we cut Specter right now, we'll reduce next year's aggregate team beer expenditure by at least 25%, or about $2000.
The last time I made this suggestion, someone said it wouldn't be “fair” to ditch the Spectrometer after 20 years. This idea of fairness is a great sound bite but when you look a little closer at it, it's dangerous. You're basically telling guys that might want to be on our team: “you're a successful bowler, but we're going to punish you so that we can help out this guy who is clearly not a successful bowler.” This is America. Arlen Specter had every chance to succeed as a bowler, and he just hasn't.
Oh and ordering a barrel of pork. That was pretty cute. But finishing it, and ordering another one? That's just disgusting. I'm not paying for something I didn't even eat, but still made me throw up. Here are five bucks. That's the Ryan Plan.
Wednesday, 23 November, 2016
Most cars don't automatically come equipped with a dashcam to record accidents. With the Nexar app you get a lot more than a video recorder though – there's a host of cool gagetry including GPS tracking, speed and direction recording and even proximity warnings. Truly luxurious as well as pretty convenient, your dashcam could prove to be very essential retroactively.
The only thing to be aware of with the Nexar app is its battery drain problem, since running the pieces of software, gyroscopes, GPS and cameras can use up a huge amount of battery power. A good solution for this can be to use one of your old cell phones that is out of date.
Nothing could be better than having a recording of an accident in every detail, should you need to be covered in case of either insurance or a potential lawsuit. What's great about the app is that only the latest video is stored in your app, since it's stored dynamically. A great feature is that Nexar can run in the background if you like to use your phone for music or navigation.
Nexar is an Android app that can transform any Android 4.1 or later, with a rear camera, into an artificial intelligence-powered dashcam. And Toronto drivers know how important a dashcam can be to record those fender benders!
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Sunday became the most recent high-ranking administration official to distance himself from President Trump's remarks after the deadly Virginia protests, saying the president "speaks for himself.”
Tillerson's comment on “Fox News Sunday" follows Gary Cohn, the president's chief economic adviser and the director of the National Economic Council, saying in a Financial Times interview published last week that the administration “can and must do better” in condemning hate groups.
The Aug. 13 protests in Charlottesville, Virginia, began as a rally organized by white supremacists and turned deadly when a counter-protester was run down by a car.
Trump, in the aftermath, denounced neo-Nazis and the KKK, but his argument that “both sides” in the violent protests were to blame has brought widespread criticism.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said after the Cohn interview was published that nobody “was surprised” by his comments.
Tillerson on Sunday also said Sebastian Gorka was “completely wrong” in his criticism of Trump's recent Afghanistan speech because it did not include the words “radical Islam” when referring to U.S. efforts to rid the country of terror groups like ISIS.
The White House on Friday announced that Gorka was no longer a White House aide.
"It shows (Gorka's) lack of understanding of the president's broader policy when it comes to protecting Americans at home and abroad from all acts of terrorism," Tillerson said.
OhMyGov!
April 28, 2008
Sarasota, Florida – A new law, up for a final vote next month, would grant police in Sarasota the authority to impound vehicles found playing their stereos too loud and charge up to $650 in fines for repeat violators.
Not surprisingly, the law has proven controversial. On one side of argument, there's the older residents in the community that complain about the ubiquitous culture of pimped out audio systems whose bass shakes the windows of homes as the Fast and the Furious lookalike cars drive by. They applaud the effort to get the volumes down to a reasonable level that doesn't disturb anyone else and have called the law “long overdue.”
On the other side, there's the younger residents, who spend thousands on car audio components to hear their music at peak volumes, showcase their financial success or to just vie for attention via thundering bass and super-chromed rims. They feel the punishment exceeds the crime and have been voicing their disgust over the law in online forums.
The concern of these “scafflaws” is joined by other citizens who feel the new law grants local police too much discretionary authority which may be used to harass or intimidate younger adults or minority groups. Under the law, police can stop drivers if they can hear the music 25 feet away.
Granting citations to residents for noise violations isn't new to Sarasota. Last year, the police department issued 282 citations for loud stereos. Each citation costs drivers $74.50, an amount increased by up to 770 percent under the proposed law – plus any charges related to towing and impound.
If you haven't decided by now which side of the argument you side with, consider this scenario: It's 3 am and you're almost home from a long drive. You've been visiting your family in Atlanta and are exhausted. To avoid falling asleep at the wheel, you open the windows and crank up the music volume. As you drive past the center of town, you pass a police car. You're not speeding, but within seconds you see the flashing lights pull up behind you and you begin slowing down and pulling to the shoulder of the road.
The officer informs you that your volume is too loud. You try to explain, telling him that the reason the volume is so high is to avoid falling asleep and crashing into a small house. He curtly tells you you should've gotten a hotel along the way, issues you a ticket for $650 dollars, and calls a tow-truck to tow your car away. An hour later, you're stranded on the road and forced to call a cab for a ride to the impound lot where you pay $100 to get your car back. By the time you get home, it's 5 a.m. and you're down $750, a night's sleep, and notice a scratch on your bumper from the tow truck.
Granted, no one wants to be woken up by loud noise at 3 am but we're all forced to live with such disturbances. Garbage trucks smash metal bins at 6 am, buses roll by vibrating windows and doors, sirens wail at all hours, Harley-Davidson motorcycles thunder by, and kids scream at one another before the birds have begun chirping wildly. Should we fine all of them? Of course not. And even if we do selectively punish those who make a racket without serving a civic need, the punishment should fit the crime. So if a cop isn't going to issue a $650 speeding ticket to a reckless driver, he shouldn't have the authority to fine and confiscate the car of a music enthusiast – however vain and inconsiderate that person may be.
A grandmother's bizarre turn to the occult leads to paranormal activity and a terrifying discovery
Do you believe in witchcraft and the power of the occult? The author of this story, who wishes to keep her identity anonymous, certainly does. N.L. had a close relationship with her grandparents until her grandfather died and her grandmother changed drastically. It was as if something took over her personality. Perhaps the dark secret they were to discover hidden in this house was the cause. This is N.L.'s story....
I THINK SOMETHING EVIL is happening. As I would like to remain anonymous, I will only say that what I am about to tell you is taking place in a small, not-very-well-known town in Southwestern Pennsylvania.
IT BEGAN WITH A DEATH
When I was 14 years old, my grandfather died from cancer in one of the living rooms of my grandparents' house. For several years after that, we would smell the strong aroma of roses and baby lotion. You see, I would often rub his feet with baby lotion when he was dying. And it wasn't just my imagination. Other people, including my grandmother's new boyfriend, who had no idea of the story or that someone even died in that room, smelled these scents as well.
This was paranormal in my mind, but also very welcome; I felt nothing negative about it. There were even instances when the doorbell would randomly ring when we spoke about my grandfather, and no one was at the door. Keep in mind the yard is fenced in with a 6-foot-high wrought iron black fence, so a game of "ding dong ditch" by neighborhood kids was not the case. My grandfather's spirit was the case, I was sure.
EVIL CREEPS IN
Over the past two years, however, things have gone wrong. My grandmother has had a drastic personality change. She used to be a kind person who tended to be fairly positive, and now she hates the world, never smiles, swears like a sailor (she never used to), is cruel to most people, and detests the mention of my grandfather's name.
The reason for me writing this now is because two weeks ago, we got into a heated fight where she bashed my grandfather's name and declared that she was happy he died. Needless to say, I moved out of the house (as I was living with her) and back with my parents. I already feel a veil of hostility removed from my life.
But this story is about what led up to that fight two weeks ago that has me scared and filled with anxiety.
WITCHCRAFT
My grandmother started buying items of witchcraft and meditation. I always thought of meditation as something positive, but I am starting to wonder how far she took it. I know from my mother that my grandmother dabbled in witchcraft in her younger years, and terrible things happened. But that's another story. This is now, and she was buying Tarot cards, pentagrams, Wiccan books and spell books, candles, some sort of mortar and pestle, voodoo dolls, crystals, and everything you would see at some creepy witchcraft store in a dark alley.
She also bought weird clothes, like cloaks and gothic dresses. The whole thing struck me as weird, although she laughed about it and said it was all in good fun, just for amusement.
One night between 10 and 11 p.m., I was in a really gloomy mood from things that were going on in my life, so I sat at the table with her to talk about it. She was supportive and asked if I wanted to feel better and make the problems go away. "Umm... okay?" was my reaction as I watched her light a number of small candles in a zigzagging row and put on a meditational CD.
The music sounded very peaceful, and I went along with her technique because I wasn't quite sure what it was. She turned off all of the other lights except for the lit candles... and the room was quite dark. She told me to focus on one flame - and just that flame - and to will someone's spirit to control its energy. I picked out one flame in particular that drew me to it and I stared at it. It was all I could concentrate on. In fact, I'm starting spacing out and I believe was becoming hypnotized by the flame. The rest of the universe disappeared for me and my entire being felt paralyzed.
There was no sense of time, place or anything other than the intensity of that flame. It flickered horizontally, picking up energy and flickering quicker back and forth. The flame seemed to be out of control; it was growing taller and jerking in several directions. My heart started beating faster. I could not remove my gaze from the flame. The only thing I was noticing besides this flame was that the other flames around it out of my peripheral vision were small and calm. But the flame I was staring at so intently was spiraling out of control now and towering above the others. I sensed fear in myself, yet could not look away. I knew something wasn't right in my mind, so I got the will and abruptly turned my head sharply to my right shoulder. At that moment, the flame flared up into a flash of fire that warmed the side of face and lit the room brightly.
My grandmother jumped back from her meditation in startled surprise. Then it was gone. The flame was back to normal, the same size and the same calmness as the others. "What was that?" I remember asking. She did not answer me. She turned the ceiling light on and turned off the CD. She blew out the candles and that was the last thing that was said about that. I could tell she was frazzled and she changed the subject to some issue with the pool filter, so I let it go.
Next page: The Bite Mark
DARKER AND DARKER
After this incident, I felt even weirder about the Wiccan things she had in the house. I started warning her that God does not like things like that. But she blew me off and continued to say that it was only for fun and none of it was "serious witchcraft stuff."
Weird things were beginning to happen. I could no longer smell the roses and baby lotion in that living room. I no longer felt that I was being protected or comforted by my grandfather's spirit. I tried to talk with her about it, but she seemed to focus on the negative things about him when we talked, almost to a hateful tone. Her personality as a whole was different. Little things that she would otherwise brush off were depressing her and causing her to have hostile outbursts.
These outbursts were being directed at me, since I was the only one living with her, as well as my uncle (her son), who stopped by every other day. Every time my grandfather's name was spoken, she sighed in disgust and her mood went sour. She stopped smiling, laughing, speaking without swearing vulgarly and talking harshly. I did not recognize this person anymore.
THE BITE MARK
One night, I was in my room and could not sleep. My throat was very dry so I went downstairs to get something to drink. My grandmother always preferred sleeping on a sofa, so she mostly slept in the enclosed porch we call the Florida room. As I walked back to the stairs, I saw the TV was still on, so I went in because I figured she was still awake, but she wasn't. She was sleeping and the room was absolutely freezing. I saw that she only had a quarter of the blanket covering her and wondered how she wasn't freezing herself awake. That just made me want to go to sleep even more, under my warm blanket in my warm room.
The next day, she was sitting in a kitchen chair when I came downstairs. "I think Mario nipped me when I was sleeping," she said. Mario is a poodle, one of three dogs she has. The others are Pumpkin and Honey, a collie and a bull mastiff, all three with gentle, friendly dispositions.
I looked at her arm. "That's not a dog bite," was the first thing I remember saying. If it were a dog bite, it would have been pouring with blood, and she would probably be at the hospital, not the kitchen table. There were two puncture marks spread about three inches apart. Yes, they were bloody, but they were not the punctures of dog teeth, but by something narrower, like the punctures made by a thick needle or something. I couldn't tell how deep they were, but there was dried blood around them, which led me to believe they had bled for a while.
A little higher up on her arm were a few scratch marks, which were much more obvious. There were four painful-looking scratches stretching about five to six inches on her upper arm. I asked how she could have possibly done that, but she had no clue. She said when she woke up her arm was very sore, so she assumed that maybe her arm flipped off the sofa while she was sleeping and it startled Mario and perhaps he bit her. "The dogs weren't in there when I went in," I told her. Pumpkin was sleeping under the kitchen table when I got my drink, and Mario and Honey were sleeping on the living room floor.
PARANORMAL ACTIVITY
With all that was going on in that house, I considered the idea that the bite might be something paranormal. I had been getting bad feelings in that house for months: hearing weird noises and footsteps, feeling ice-cold rushes of air and, to top it off, now there was physical evidence of something evil. If it was paranormal, it did not mean well. The puncture marks and scratches told me whatever it was was vicious. And that was enough to have a serious talk with my grandmother.
So a couple of days after that incident, I spilled my heart out about the bad energy I was feeling, and the bad feeling I had about her arm. I expected her to dismiss my bad feelings and assure me once again there's nothing bad in the house, but she was silent. Then she told me there was something she wanted me to see.
THE PENTAGRAM
I followed her to the top of the game room steps to the powder room. The powder room is a small, square bathroom with just a toilet and a sink, and outside along the wall just to the right of the doorway is a nook where she keeps a lamp on a lacey cloth, and below the nook there was a painted-over little board, only a little over a foot in length. On this little board were little holes that formed a star. (It looked like a connect-the-dots star, to give you a better understanding of what this was; the holes were very small and were poked through the board. When I was little I thought it looked cool.) When I looked down at what she was telling me to look at, the little board was gone. She told me she smashed it out, and I was thinking to myself that she had lost her mind. I didn't know what she was talking about.
"That was a pentagram," she said. Those words sent a chill down my spine to my very blood. She explained that she was reading a book she bought about the horned pentagram in which three points of a star are on the bottom and its other two points are above it much larger than the three beneath, resembling horns. That was what was engraved onto the board, and at that moment my heart felt like it dropped.
Next page: The Discovery
THE DISCOVERY
I knelt down and looked into the hollow space behind what used to be the board. She told me to look at what was inside. Every hair on my body stood up. I pulled out two things: a Satanic Bible and a pentagram amulet. The metal amulet looked so old it was rusting. They looked slightly dusty, but it was obvious she already took them out and wiped them off a little.
I couldn't stand to touch them. I dropped them on the floor and walked out the house as fast as I could. After about ten minutes passed and I calmed myself down, I went back inside and discussed it with her. I asked her what happened that she decided to tear up that board. She said that she knew what that star meant now and, having a bad feeling, knocked on it and felt it was hollow. She just felt that there was something behind it. That's when she found the Satanic Bible and amulet.
We both agreed that all the witchcraft things she bought had to go. Who knew why those Satanic items were hidden behind that board to begin with. I was terrified by the thought of occult practices being in the house in the past and whatever was done there.
THE ATTACK
A few days passed. My grandmother got rid of all the witchcraft stuff she had bought, and also the disturbing things behind the board. Nothing strange had happened, so I figured all the noises I had been hearing - faint voices, a baby crying, and footsteps in rooms where no one was - were gone.
I was very wrong.
It was really cold one night. My grandmother and I were in the kitchen rubbing our arms because it was so cold. She was about to take a shower in the downstairs bathroom and then go to bed. I would do the same after she did. I was exhausted and I cradled my head in my arms on the table to relax while she was in the shower.
About ten minutes later, she came upstairs in a towel and her hair in suds, holding her neck. Something tightened her throat, she said, and she was having a hard time breathing. I got up and looked at her neck. Sure enough, there were red marks forming around her throat in the form of fingerprints! I freaked out and we went over the situation, but she was too stubborn to leave. She couldn't just up and leave her house, she told me.
But for me, that was the last straw. I found myself constantly warding off evil spirits with prayers and searching frantically for some answers and solutions. Things were getting worse. She was starting to wake up with bruises all over her arms and legs that she couldn't explain. Her demeanor was so hateful now that I avoided her at all costs. I left the house whenever I could. And every time I set foot back inside, the same heavy, dreadful feeling washed over me.
The door bell started going off all the time, but there were no good feeling with it anymore. There were no warm feelings, no scent of roses and no comfort. There were, however, frequent gusts of coldness, strange noises, and then I began getting large bruises all over my legs and thighs during the night. I had no trouble sleeping at all, but one morning in the shower I noticed multiple bruises all over myself.
THE DEPARTURE
Then, two weeks ago we got into that fight. Words I never thought I'd hear her say rolled off her tongue. But I could not help someone who didn't want to be helped. And that night was the last I have spoken to her.
Kris Kobach's undisclosed paid work for Breitbart further blurs the line between the private media company and state-sanctioned propaganda.
Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, the head of Donald Trump's so-called commission on “Election Integrity,” has a new gig as a paid columnist for the inflammatory right-wing pro-Trump website Breitbart.
According to the Kansas City Star, Kobach has been working for Breitbart since June but didn't admit that he was being paid to write for them until Thursday of this week.
Kobach, a candidate for Kansas governor who is running on a vehemently anti-immigration platform, has penned seven articles for Breitbart, mostly about immigration.
In his first article for the website, Kobach linked refugees to terrorism while defending Trump's controversial “travel ban.” In another column, Kobach denounced so-called “sanctuary cities” and demanded Congress take action against them, calling it “a matter of life and death.”
His most recent article, published on Wednesday, argues for terminating DACA (“Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals”), which he incorrectly referred to as an “amnesty program.” On Thursday, Fox News reported that Trump is expected to announce plans to end DACA any day now.
While most of his articles focus on immigration, Kobach wrote a column on July 3 hyping myths about voter fraud and defending the “election integrity” commission that he co-chairs. Apparently it never occurred to Kobach that taking an undisclosed paid position at a hyper-partisan website doesn't exactly give the impression of “integrity.”
Kobach's work for Breitbart is especially controversial given the website's history of promoting racist ideas and pandering to white supremacists. Ben Shapiro, former editor-at-large of Breitbart, wrote last year about how the site embraced white nationalism under the leadership of Steve Bannon.
When pressed on these issues, Kobach defended Breitbart, telling the Kansas City Star, “If Breitbart had any connection to white nationalism I would not write for the site.”
Kobach is just the latest member of the Trump administration with ties to Breitbart, although he's the first to admit to being a paid columnist for the inflammatory website while also serving in public office.
Trump's former chief strategist Steve Bannon (sort of) left Breitbart to join the Trump campaign and then to work in the White House. He returned to Breitbart earlier this month after leaving his White House position, along with Seb Gorka, a former top aide to Trump who announced his return to Breitbart just a week after Bannon did.
Breitbart is already widely considered the unofficial propaganda arm of the Trump White House, and Bannon himself described it a year ago as the “platform of the alt-right,” which is a white nationalist movement.
While Kobach isn't breaking any laws by working for the website while also serving in the Trump administration, his paid position as a Breitbart employee further blurs the line between private media company and state-sanctioned propaganda.
The creature is, of course, Huggins from the Hugga Bunch. "We've been watching you through the mirror for a long time," she tells Bridget. Oh, we're sure you have, Hugga.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Hugga convinces Bridget to travel through the mirror into Huggaland to find a solution to her problem. There she meets the whole Hugga Bunch, who bring Bridget to the Bookworm for advice about her grandmother. This is where things go from Alice in Wonderland with creepy sentient Peeping Tom dolls to FUBAR.
The Bookworm suggests collecting some youngberries and feeding them to poor grandma. You know, so she'll be young again and her family won't force her to go to a nursing home. There's just one catch: The youngberry tree is protected by an evil sorceress. To get to her, they will have jump down an endless hole to the Land of the Shrubs.
There they must travel beyond the River of Glass, defeat the hairy behemoth (aka the scariest creature in the Bible) and steal the youngberries from the evil queen, all without letting the berries touch the ground. The friends jump down the unending pit and make their way to the castle, guarded by the behemoth.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The plan: Hug it, of course! The behemoth transforms from a horrifying monster who's trying to kill them to, well, just a horrifying monster.
The creature, now an unsettling blue elephant thing, joins them on their journey into the queen's castle, where they find the youngberry tree encased in glass. They meet the queen, who is enraged that they wish to take her precious berries (note: they're the only thing keeping her alive).
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Things seem hopeless when the queen imprisons the Hugga Bunch and freezes Bridget in place for all eternity (fortunately, a hug saves her). When the queen is distracted by her own youthful beauty, the gang steals her berries and runs away. The queen, who needs the berries to remain young, shrivels into old age and dies horribly.
So much for compassionate Conservatism. So much for helping the “just about managing”. During my time as deputy prime minister, I repeatedly blocked the Conservatives from proceeding with tax, welfare, education and pensions policies that did not cater for the neediest in society. I became wearily familiar with the Conservative party's habit of placing greater priority on the needs of “their” voters than those of society at large.
Tory manifesto: more elderly people will have to pay for own social care Read more
Indeed, it was the Conservatives' insistence in 2013 on going ahead with a “marriage tax break” – an expensive gimmick much loved by Conservative newspapers but of little use to most people in Britain – that prompted me to look for a measure that would do more to help hard-pressed families across the country. That was the genesis of our decision to provide healthy, free school lunches to nearly 2 million children in the first three years at primary school.
It's less than a year since Theresa May stood outside No 10 Downing Street and declared that her mission was to lead a country that worked for everyone. Now that we know she wants to scrap universal infant school lunches – a measure proven to boost health and educational outcomes – while spending huge amounts of taxpayers' money on new selective schools – a measure proven to damage social mobility – that statement looks hollower than ever.
It's a cruel choice because it will hit children from some of the most deprived families in the country. Has the prime minister not read the evidence? At the time this policy was introduced in 2014, four in 10 children who did not receive free school meals were officially in poverty. It is these children who will lose out again.
The claim that they will instead benefit from the introduction of free school breakfasts does not stack up. Fewer children will benefit. Don't take my word for it: the Conservatives themselves admit this in their manifesto. They estimate that the level of savings from withdrawing the lunches will be £650m – almost exactly what it cost to introduce the policy in the first place – so they clearly don't anticipate that there will be much new demand or cost for breakfasts.
In any event, breakfast clubs, taking place outside the formal school day, tend not to reach the hardest-to-reach children. School lunches, shared by all children in the middle of the school day, do.
Yes, means-tested families will still get free school meals, but those who don't qualify will have to pay huge bills. At present, the government subsidises each school lunch to the tune of £2.30. The decision to remove the free lunches will mean working families have to spend around £480 extra per child each year. For a family with two children under seven – in Year 2 and below – this amounts to almost £1,000 a year.
Just two years ago, the Conservative manifesto for the 2015 general election promised to keep the free lunches
Removing the universal provision also acts as a disincentive for many low-income parents going back to work or hoping to work more hours. Doing either will now mean that their sons and daughters may lose the entitlement to a free school meal. This directly contradicts the Conservative rhetoric on boosting incentives to work.
Just two years ago, the Conservative manifesto for the 2015 general election promised to keep the free lunches. Many of the Conservative MPs who stood on that manifesto had previously voted, under the coalition, in favour of the legislation to introduce the free meals in the first place. Now they are standing on a manifesto to take them away, reverse their previous manifesto and undo the legislation they previously supported.
So a simple question must be asked of every single Conservative candidate in every constituency: will you file through the lobbies to take away free lunches from the children of some of the most hard-pressed families in the country? Or will you stand up to your leader, and stop the Conservative party from becoming the party of lunch snatchers?
Blocking, banning, and blacklisting (Part 1)
Fairly recently, James Billingham lashed up a Twitter bot to automate the process of blocking undesirable people: The Block Bot. It is apparently meant to be a sort of supplement to the user ban lists on sites like Freethought Blogs and Skepchick, helping out right-thinking people by making it easier for them to avoid interacting with certain undesirables when using Twitter. I'd like to quickly lay out a few objections to this sort of approach.
Mass blocking leads to user suspensions – James denies this, but the Twitter rules clearly state that “if a large number of people are blocking you” that will be weighed into their spam algorithm. People who are highly experienced with being stalked on Twitter will tell you that mass-blockings are an effective way to get new accounts shut down. Don't take my word for it, though, just create a new Twitter account and get it added to the block list. Mass blocking leads to less skepticism – The nature of skepticism requires rigorously testing one's models of reality, and one of the better ways to do that is to engage your opponents. As it happens, a few of the people on block list (Renee, Karen, Ryan, Jim, Michael and Jonathan come to mind here) have raised thoughtful objections to the factual claims and social theories put forth by Atheism Plus forums, which serves as the primary user community for this project. Because the block list includes not only abusive assholes, obvious trolls, and shitty satirists, but also some of the sharper individuals who have been outspoken against A+, the list serves to insulate its subscribers not only from hateful vitriol, but also from skeptical inquiry. Mass blocking leads to less freethought – The sine qua non of freethought is the ability to think problems through for oneself instead of relying upon received wisdom from the establishment. By outsourcing the problem of whom to block to the bot admins, you are saving time and effort at the cost of losing the opportunity to work through the problem on your own and drawing your own lines of what constitutes tolerable discourse. Maybe your own personal tolerance for criticism and satire is significantly higher than that of the bot-blockers. Perhaps you are capable of holding your own with people who disagree, or else you're willing to practice with them until you get there.
If the list was limited to impersonators and genuinely abusive people, problem 1 would be much less serious, and problems 2 & 3 would be obviated completely. As it stands, though, the block list is at the discretion of the most famously censorious, capricious, and biased mods known to the English-speaking rationalist movement. Even this problem could be overcome if they took the trouble to generate explicit inclusion criteria and document why each account was added to the list. As it stands, though, they are asking you to simply trust their judgement. Put your faith in the good shepherds of social justice, their rod and their staff shall comfort thee. Or, you can think for yourself.
Older Americans can access more than 84 million acres of land protected by the National Park Service for the rest of their lives for just $10 — but not for long.
The National Park Service's lifetime pass will be eight times more expensive soon — costing $80 for American citizens who are older than 62. And while it is unclear when the price surge will take effect, this week — National Park Week — offers a good opportunity to remind older Americans to purchase their passes before it's too late.
The agency offers a variety of passes for Americans, as 137 of its sites charge for admission. Seniors can still get the lifetime passes for $10 in person, or pay an additional $10 for processing fees to get it online.
Despite the price increase coming soon for seniors, the lifetime access to parks around the country is still a steal, according to an NPS spokeswoman.
“We don't want anyone to feel blindsided and say, ‘Why didn't anyone tell us about this?'” National Park Service spokeswoman Kathy Kupper told the the American Association of Retired Persons. “We don't know whether we'll get any pushback. [The higher fee] is still a great deal.”
The National Park Service has not raised the price on the senior pass since 1994, according to AARP.
In Dec. 2016, under the Obama Administration, Congress approved the National Park Service Centennial Act, which raised park fees and helped fund infrastructure issues throughout the country's national parks.
National Park Week, which offers discounts and special programs at a variety of parks, will conclude April 23.
A spokesperson for the National Park Service could not be reached for comment.
A new survey has found that one-fifth of PlayStation 3 owners in the U.S. are considering a switch to the Xbox 360 in the wake of the Great PlayStation Network Security Breach.
Someday, the news will stop being bad for Sony. That day is not today, however. This probably won't come as much of a surprise to anyone with even a passing familiarity with the still-ongoing PSN train wreck but it turns out that a significant number of PS3 owners are giving thought to crossing the aisle to sit with the other side.
Commissioned by CouponCodes4U "in order to assess gamer attitudes towards the affair," the survey encompassed 2132 people across the U.S., finding that 41 percent of them own PlayStation 3 consoles. 89 percent of those PS3 owners said they were concerned that their personal data may have been stolen in the breach; 65 percent said their trust in Sony and PSN had been "greatly affected"; and 21 percent claimed they were considering selling their PS3 units and switching to Microsoft's Xbox 360.
"As a video gamer myself, this data theft is especially worrying and I'm not altogether surprised that Sony are likely to see an exodus to console competitors," said CouponCodes4U Chairman Mark Pearson. "As hackers get more and more intelligent, companies simply have to keep up. Sony has a responsibility to its millions of customers to protect personal details and this data theft proves that they weren't capable of doing so. It's clear that gamers across the country have decided that this failing is enough to switch their allegiances to the console's closest rival."
Sony recently said that the credit card information on the PSN was in fact encrypted, but the inevitable lawsuits have already begun to fly and financial analysts say the mess could end up costing Sony as much as $24.5 billion to clean up.
“Who?”
Forgive Lions fans (and media!) who reacted with surprise when reports came down the pike that the Lions had signed former Chicago Bears defensive end Cornelius Washington.
For those not familiar: Washington was a sixth-round pick in the 2013 draft, and is currently listed at 6-foot-4, 292 pounds. In a hilarious indication of how strange a fit he became when the Bears hired defensive coordinator Vic Fangio, NFL.com lists the nearly 300-pound man as a linebacker.
Not only is it safe to say from my couch that Washington's a better fit as a Devin Taylor-style outside-to-inside guy, Washington himself told the Detroit Free Press‘ Dave Birkett the same thing:
Just talked to new Lions DE Cornelius Washington: "The system that they have, I'm tailor made for it." — Dave Birkett (@davebirkett) March 9, 2017
Over his four seasons in Chicago, Washington's dressed for just 31 games, and started only two. That's partially because of injuries; he lost almost the entire 2015 season to an unnamed malady on the very first snap of the year, per Rotoworld.
It's a great sign that for all the confusion in Detroit, Chicago fans and media seem to think the Lions snagged a hidden gem:
Detroit Lions getting emerging player in @CornWash. A powerful DE who finally got on field in 2016 after unlucky injuries. Played well pic.twitter.com/kcqX7DxPif — Aldo Gandia (@AldoBarkeeper) March 9, 2017
#Bears DE Cornelius Washington could draw serious interest in the NFC North. Has scheme flexibility. — Brad Biggs (@BradBiggs) March 9, 2017
Washington's contract is a two-year, $6 million dollar deal per ESPN's Adam Caplan, with incentives that could push it up to $8 million. Whether the 27-year-old blossoms into an impact strongside end/nickel tackle, or remains another big body on the roster, the cap impact should be low.
If Bears fans are right, and Washington's time to shine has arrived, this will have been one of the savviest signings the Lions have made in a long time.
Draft law defines term for first time and streamlines process for getting restraining orders, although activists say it falls short
China has drafted its first national law against domestic violence, with activists hailing it as a step forward in a country where abuse has long been sidelined as a private matter.
The new law formally defines domestic violence for the first time and streamlines the process for obtaining restraining orders – measures long advocated by anti-domestic abuse groups.
“Over the years, we've many times felt powerless ourselves to help victims,” said Hou Zhiming, a veteran women's rights advocate who heads the Maple Women's Psychological Counselling Centre in Beijing.
“If this law is actually enacted – because the issuing of a draft means it will now enter the law-making process – we will be very pleased,” said Hou, whose centre is one of China's longest-running anti-domestic violence organisations.
“At the very least, there's finally movement on this law,” she said on Wednesday.
But advocates also say the draft law, released by the Legislative Affairs Office of China's State Council on Tuesday, excludes unmarried and divorced couples and falls short in some other areas.
Julia Broussard, country programme manager for UN Women, said that UN agencies were thrilled to see the law made public after more than a decade of efforts by Chinese advocates, “but we did note right away that it doesn't extend to any non-family relations”.
“We know that domestic violence is also occurring in the context of other relationships not defined as family relationships,” including dating, cohabiting and same-sex couples, Broussard said.
“And so, our concern is that some of the violence is not going to be addressed by the law,” she added.
Less than two decades ago, physical abuse was not even acceptable as grounds for divorce in China. In 2001, the marriage law was amended to explicitly ban domestic violence for the first time.
But without a legal definition of the term, many victims – if they report abuse at all – have been shuffled from police to women's federation to neighbourhood committee, with authorities reluctant to intervene unless serious injury is involved.
“It's very important for China to have some kind of nationwide, targeted domestic violence legislation on the books, because it has not had it, and it's been a real legal barrier for a lot of women seeking to extricate themselves from very abusive relationships,” said Leta Hong Fincher, author of Leftover Women: the Resurgence of Gender Inequality in China.
“Despite the shortcomings, we need to acknowledge that this is important legislation and a very important first step towards tackling this epidemic of domestic violence in China,” she said.
Currently, little protection is available if a partner threatens violence against a victim who tries to leave, activists note, as restraining orders are rarely issued in China and shelters are nearly non-existent.
Courts must rule on restraining order requests within 48 hours, according to the draft law – but if one is granted, the victim must start a lawsuit within 30 days or it would lapse.
Experts say it is rare for domestic violence laws to require victims to undertake a lawsuit to obtain or maintain a restraining order.
“This is a bit problematic,” Broussard said. “We know from experience that many victims are not necessarily at that point of seeking divorce or some other kind of legal action that would be required to maintain the legal protection ruling.”
Nearly 40% of Chinese women who are married or in a relationship have experienced physical or sexual violence, the state-run China Daily newspaper reported on Wednesday, citing figures from the All-China Women's Federation.
The group, which is linked to the ruling Communist party, has reported that abuse takes place in nearly a quarter of Chinese families.
“Domestic violence is illegal and affects family members physically and psychologically,” Tan Lin, head of the federation, told the China Daily. “It is not a private issue but a social problem.”
Here is a comparison of the players at United who have scored/assisted the most goals this season. Rooney is currently United's top scorer, although it should be taken in to consideration that he has played in central midfield for the majority of the season. Angel di Maria has more assists than anyone in the team.
Wayne Rooney
Goals: 11
Assists: 4
Minutes per goals scored/created: 147
Robin van Persie
Goals: 10
Assists: 2
Minutes per goals scored/created: 166
Juan Mata
Goals: 5
Assists: 2
Minutes per goals scored/created: 197
Radamel Falcao
Goals: 4
Assists: 4
Minutes per goals scored/created: 127
Angel di Maria
Goals: 3
Assists: 8
Minutes per goals scored/created: 135
Ander Herrera
Goals: 3
Assists: 3
Minutes per goals scored/created: 178
Comparison with rivals:
Sergio Aguero
Minutes per goals scored/created: 76
Harry Kane
Minutes per goals scored/created: 94
Diego Costa
Minutes per goals scored/created: 94
Alexis Sanchez
Minutes per goals scored/created: 108
David Silva
Minutes per goals scored/created: 144
Eden Hazard
Minutes per goals scored/created: 155
Santi Cazorla
Minutes per goals scored/created: 158
Raheem Sterling
Minutes per goals scored/created: 180
Danny Welbeck
Minutes per goals scored/created: 257
Wayne Parry / The Associated Press Older gamblers play slot machines in Atlantic City, New Jersey. Younger gamblers are shying away from slots, which poses a revenue problem for casinos and for states.
This story has been updated to correct the spelling of Gregg Giuffria's name.
Casinos across the nation are suffering from a generation gap, especially at the slot machines, as young people seek more exotic electronic games like the ones they can play on smartphones from anywhere.
That's a problem not just for casino operators, but for the 23 states that rely on revenue from casino taxes, particularly from lucrative slots, to help balance their budgets and fund new priorities.
State revenue from taxing gambling—from casinos, lotteries and racing—has been largely flat since the Great Recession, when adjusted for inflation, according to the Rockefeller Institute, which studies tax revenue.
Casino tax revenue in 16 states studied by the institute increased just 0.1 percent in fiscal 2015 compared to the year before when adjusted for inflation. Of those states, Maryland reported the largest growth, 17.1 percent. But that largely resulted from the opening of a new casino in Baltimore. Excluding Maryland, tax revenue declined 1.2 percent in the remaining 15 states.
That's prompting the casino industry and the states to scramble for new ways to satisfy a younger generation of casino gamblers to keep their revenue up, including mimicking the types of games millennials play on the Internet, such as online poker and fantasy sports.
“The research shows that most of the casino gamblers are the elderly population,” said Lucy Dadayan, senior policy analyst at the Rockefeller Institute. “The gaming industry is trying hard to attract a younger population.”
What Do Millennials Want?
Daniel Sahl, associate director of the Center for Gaming Innovation at the University of Nevada at Las Vegas, said it is “well accepted within the industry” that gambling as it exists today is not as attractive to millennials as it is to their parents or grandparents.
Millennials, especially, think of leisure activities as “a social experience that you share with friends,” Sahl said. “Gambling does not resonate with them as particularly fun to do.”
According to polling commissioned by the American Gaming Association (AGA), an industry group, 39 percent of adults under 35 said they had visited a casino in the past year. More than older generations, younger casino-goers patronize crowd-friendlier table games, such as blackjack, which contribute less to casino revenue than slots do. Only 51 percent said slot machines and video poker were their preferred form of gambling compared to 61 percent of all casino-goers.
While seniors play the slots, the “young ones” are not as interested, said Larry Gregory, executive director of the Mississippi Gaming & Hospitality Association, which represents 28 casinos in the state.
Alex Bumazhny, a financial analyst at Fitch Ratings who study gambling, has found that millennials who go to casinos spend more time and money on food, drink and entertainment than they do on gambling.
That's why, AGA spokesman Justin Zink said, “More than ever before, casinos are making enormous investment in non-gaming amenities such as clubs, spas, restaurants and shows.”
What makes the younger generation different when it comes to electronic casino games?
“They want more direction, more choice at decision points, and they are more comfortable with different technology, Internet gaming and social gaming,” Bumazhny said. But traditional gambling, especially slots, depends almost entirely on luck rather than skill.
Bumazhny said young males especially like fantasy sports games, such as FanDuel and DraftKings, which mimic traditional fantasy baseball or football leagues, but allow wagering with real money.
“Those games are technology-enabled, require decision-making and you have a chance to win or lose money in the course of a day,” he said. “That is increasingly important with millennials and tends to take away players from casinos, especially on slot floors.”
Gambling Industry Responds
Companies that produce slot machines and other gambling devices are busily experimenting with ways to combine skill with luck in gambling games that feel more like the hybrid games found on the Internet.
Sahl said his institute is working with companies on inventing games that combine the skills associated with games such as Halo and Clash of Clans (in which players acquire weapons, build bases and compete against other players) with gambling games of chance.
Gregg Giuffria, CEO of G2 Game Design and the former co-owner of the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Biloxi, Mississippi, said his firm is well on its way to making new types of games for casinos and plans to roll them out at a gaming convention in the next few weeks.
“I look at it as an opportunity,” Giuffria said. “The concept of pulling the one-armed bandit is gone. The next generation is looking for a different entertainment value.”
He pointed to arcade games where no monetary winnings are involved, but where players still have fun, get better at the games and say, “Let's go back next weekend.” Melding that kind of skill-based game with a game of chance is the future, he said.
“We have solved the problem of blending these two together,” Giuffria said. “We're going to demonstrate that you will have the ability to play a game that has never been in existence before—a blend of chance and skill.”
As the gaming industry seeks to roll out the new hybrid games, states are faced with drafting new regulations to govern them. Nevada passed a law earlier this year calling on the state's Gaming Commission to develop regulations for hybrid games in casinos. New Jersey approved fantasy sports betting in casinos in 2013.
In Mississippi, Gregory of the gaming and hospitality association said, casinos are eyeing changes to the technology associated with casino games, while starting to add more entertainment and activities outside of the traditional casino games.
There's much at stake for the states. State taxes on net casino receipts (gross receipts minus prizes paid) account for most of the state revenue from casinos. Some states charge an admission fee as well, mostly on riverboat casinos. The revenue helps pay for housing, public education and transportation. The taxes brought in an estimated $8.6 billion in direct gaming taxes to states and localities in 2012, not counting other economic impact, such as employment, connected to casinos, according to the AGA, which cited the most recent year for which numbers are published.
Allen Godfrey, executive director of the Mississippi Gaming Commission, said any trend away from slot machines, which are the most lucrative form of casino gambling, would hurt the state's revenues from casinos. He said the commission is waiting for the industry to bring examples of the types of hybrid games innovators are talking about before setting any new regulations.
Giuffria, the gaming CEO, said casinos around the country have little choice but to adopt the new games because their revenue will otherwise continue to fall—as will income in states that depend on revenue from taxing them. “If you don't change, you go out of business,” he said.
A father and son deli-owning duo insisted Saturday they were in court for a simple misunderstanding — and not because they tried to scam a customer out of a winning $1 million scratch-off ticket as authorities claim.
“Maybe the ticket said a million. But I gave him a thousand. I made a mistake,” Karim Jaghab, 26, told Nassau County police after he and his father were pinched for allegedly giving the customer a measly grand and trying to pocket the ticket for themselves.
The 34-year-old customer brought an “Unwrap the Cash” ticket to the Peninsula Deli & Grocery on Thursday, and Karim Jaghab confirmed it as a winner, but, police say, he failed to tell the man it was a $1 million jackpot.
The alleged scheme was blown when the suspicious customer returned the next day and asked more questions, cops said.
That's when Jaghab and his dad, owner Nabil Jaghab, 57, told the customer they'd give him $10,000 — as long as he didn't squeal to police, authorities said.
The customer, who didn't speak English, did indeed call the cops, who were able to find the winning ticket and confirm the deception.
“The guy handed me the ticket. I ran it through the machine. I paid him $1,000. I told him I would give him $10,000. I just didn't want to get in trouble,” Jaghab told Nassau County police.
The Jaghabs, of East Meadow, were arrested on second-degree grand-larceny charges but protested the incident during their Saturday arraignment.
“My son made a mistake. He had the ticket now. Everything is OK. We threw [the] ticket in the garbage,” Nabil Jaghab allegedly told police, according to a criminal complaint filed against the Long Island duo.
Lotto prizes worth more than $600 are typically paid out from state lottery offices, not the store where the ticket was bought. It's not the first time store clerks have been accused of shady dealings with jackpots.
In April, two clerks in Southampton were arrested and accused of trying to scam a construction worker out of $74,892 after telling him the winning ticket was worth just $774.
Matthew Fleischer, a lawyer for the Jaghabs, said it wasn't their fault.
“It seems like a was a simple mistake on the payout of the Lotto machine,” he said in court.
The Jaghabs were being held at the Nassau County Jail on $7,500 bail and are due in court on the case Tuesday.
AMMAN, Jordan — The Joint Light Tactical Vehicle will serve as the interim light reconnaissance vehicle for the US Army, according to Maj. Gen. Bo Dyess, the Army Capabilities Integration Center's deputy director.
The idea has been floated as a possibility since late last year but Dyess firmed up the Army's plan to use JLTV as an interim solution for the Army's LRV on Wednesday at the National Defense Industrial Association's Tactical-Wheeled Vehicle conference in Reston, Virginia. The news was first reported by NDIA's National Defense magazine.
For how long JLTV would serve as the LRV or what that means in terms of production numbers was not detailed, but Scott Davis, the Army's program executive officer of combat support and combat service support, said during a media briefing in March at the Association of the US Army's Global Force Symposium in Huntsville, Alabama, that if JLTV becomes LRV there are some things that would need to be considered.
"I think there is still some investigation to be done," he said. "The element of lots of things about JLTV tend to fit a lot of things they are looking for for LRV with exception. We'd have to add the sensor and perhaps a larger weapon. The one key element that is at least desired in a [LRV] is a sixth seat. We can carry five in the JLTV and so I expect as we look forward to defining the requirements of LRV and discuss the capacities and things we will be taking a look at is it feasible and possible to come up with some other way to get a sixth person in JLTV."
Defense News checked in with Oshkosh Defense — JLTV's maker — at its booth at SOFEX, a special operations exhibition in Amman, Jordan, where JLTV was prominently on display, but the news of the Army's decision had yet to travel to representatives focused on the Middle East.
But Oshkosh in the US confirmed that Army had indeed selected the JLTV to fulfill the initial requirements for the LRV program.
"Oshkosh designed the JLTV to seamlessly integrate a full range of mission packages to serve both current and future needs — recognizing that our Army and Marine Corps customers must plan for future operations with many unknowns," John Bryant, company senior vice president of defense programs, said in a statement sent to Defense News. "The fire power and C4ISR equipment required for LRV will easily integrate into the JLTV platform."
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for our Early Bird Brief
The Army's combat vehicle modernization strategy released last October stresses the need for both a new ground mobility vehicle and a new LRV to meet the service's future requirements.
Several companies have come forward with offerings to fill both the GMV and LRV needs, like Polaris, and most notably, Northrop Grumman dramatically unveiled its Hellhound light reconnaissance vehicle at AUSA's annual conference in Washington, D.C., at the same time the combat vehicle modernization strategy rolled out.
CORRECTION: The man killed was Daniel Nguyen, of Garden Grove. Because of incorrect information provided to The Press-Enterprise, his first name and city of residence were incorrect in a previous version of this story. Also, Mount Baldy is in the San Gabriel Mountains. Its location was incorrect in a previous version of the headline.
A 23-year-old Garden Grove man fell to his death on Mount Baldy on Tuesday, Feb. 2 when he reached out his hand to save a friend who had slipped while hiking.
Family members are mourning the loss of Daniel Nguyen, who fell about 1,500 feet down the mountainside from an advanced ridgetop trail known as Devil's Backbone.
Tina Thomas, Nguyen's aunt, recalled him as a selfless young man who had a lifelong curiosity that he fed by hiking and pursuing other outdoor adventures.
Nguyen was with two friends hiking along the trail. Search-and-rescue coordinator Cpl. Robert Whiteside with the San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department says the trail requires a certain degree of skill.
UPDATE: Officials seek order to close trails after deaths
Thomas said first responders told Nguyen's father that Nguyen was reaching out to help a friend who had slipped along the trail when he lost his footing. One of his friends reported the fall to authorities about 7:40 a.m., according to a coroner's report.
Whiteside said Nguyen slid off of the north side of the 8- to 12-foot-wide trail into a canyon near Stockton Flats. First responders determined that he had likely died, and executed a mission to retrieve his body that lasted nearly three hours in ice, snow and wind, Whiteside said.
They reached him just after dark Tuesday.
Nguyen spent much of his time outdoors and on trails, his aunt said. He liked taking photographs, playing Xbox and attending Star Wars conventions, sometimes dressed as Princess Leia.
He had just graduated from Cal State Long Beach with a degree in kinesiology.
Thomas said he planned to join FEMA and the Peace Corps.
Even as a young Vietnamese boy, Thomas said, Nguyen had a curious mind. She said his family never would have guessed that he would become such an adventurer, but looking back it made sense.
UPDATE: Safety urged in wake of hiker's death
“If you're familiar with skiing, it's a black diamond,” Whiteside said.
“It was just wandering lust and it's just in him,” she said. “His soul is probably somewhere deep down in the forest.”
Thomas said she believed Nguyen was experienced enough to hike the Devil's Backbone trail, and said he had told his parents where he was going Tuesday.
She pointed out the irony in the fact that he loved helping people so much and spent all of his time outdoors — and he died outdoors while helping a friend.
“How many of us can say we died doing what we loved?” Thomas asked.
A GoFundMe account has been set up to help family members pay for funeral expenses.
Democratic lawmakers are pushing for new restrictions treating vaping devices like traditional cigarettes, limiting where the devices can be used.
The proposal, which passed through the state Senate Monday, amends New York's Indoor Clean Air Act to include electronic cigarettes. Under the new rules, e-cigarettes are viewed no differently than any other tobacco product, despite research showing the devices eliminate up to 95 percent of the risks associated with smoking, reports WIVB.
The legislation expands the state ban on vaping in certain areas to include restaurants, bars, offices and any other public, indoor space. Vaping advocates are slamming state Democrats over the bill, which they argue will dissuade adult smokers from using the devices to quit.
“Every time New York State lumps vaping together with smoking, they are basically telling the smokers it is the same thing, don't bother, and it is not not the same thing,” Andrew Osborne, vice president of the New York State Vaping Association, told WIVB. “Vaping is a breakthrough technology that smokers can use to literally save their own life.”
Vaping advocates say the devices offer smokers a viable way to reduce health risks to themselves and those around them. Major health groups in England, like the Royal College of Physicians, agree that using e-cigarettes eliminates most of the harms attributed to smoking. They also recommend vaping to patients trying to quit traditional tobacco products.
Despite the positive research, officials in states throughout the U.S. continue to restrict the practice. Democratic lawmakers are pushing a bill to ban all flavored electronic cigarette products for adults in New Jersey, claiming they entice kids to smoke.
The legislation, which is currently being reviewed by committees in both the state Assembly and Senate, only allows the sale of tobacco, menthol and clove flavors for vaping products.
Critics of vaping in New York previously failed to include an expansion of vaping restrictions in the state's 2017 budget, which passed in April. The provision was pulled from the budget at the last minute, as was a 10-cents-per-milliliter tax on liquid nicotine.
Follow Steve on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
VIDEO: Chelsea Clinton Runs From Questions About Returning Harvey Weinstein's ‘Clinton Foundation Donations'
Hillary Clinton went on with Fareed Zakaria to discuss sexual predator Harvey Weinstein.
Hillary said she was “sick, shocked and appalled” by allegations that Weinstein was a serial sexual predator.
Weinstein is a major donor and bundler for the Democrat Party.
Hillary Clinton told Zakaria she will give all of his donations to charity.
“Well, there's no one to give it back to. What other people are saying, what my former colleagues are saying, is that they're going to donate it to charity, and of course I will do that.”
Yeah, that's gonna happen.
…Says the woman who wrote off used underpants on her tax returns!
https://twitter.com/SalHernandez/status/918255191287312384?ref_src=twsrc% 5Etfw&ref_url=http% 3A% 2F% 2Fwww.thegatewaypundit.com% 2F2017% 2F10% 2Fhillary-speaks-clinton-sick-shocked-appalled-weinstein-allegations-will-give-donations-charity-wink-wink% 2F
Chelsea Clinton ran away from the press today.
On Saturday, Chelsea Clinton ran from press questions about the Clinton Foundation's plans to return Harvey Weinstein's $250,000 donation.
Daily Mail UK reports:
Chelsea Clinton fled to her car to avoid answering questions from a DailyMail.com reporter on Saturday about whether the Clinton Foundation will return up to $250,000 in donations from accused rapist Harvey Weinstein. The former first daughter, who is a board member of the Clinton Foundation, ran from questions while she was attending a Clinton Global Initiative University event in Northeastern University in Boston. The night before, Clinton Foundation press officials blocked a DailyMail.com reporter attempting to approach Bill Clinton to ask him questions at a public event. […] Weinstein has given between $100,000 and $250,000 to the foundation, according to its records.
Embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein is the subject of a devastating expose detailing decades of sexual harassment. Weinstein is one of Hillary Clinton's biggest donors, having raised mega bucks for the failed Democratic presidential candidate.
Weinstein threw a fundraiser for Clinton back in June.
Page Six reports
Harvey Weinstein is throwing a starry fundraiser for Hillary Clinton on Monday with co-hosts Leo DiCaprio, Jennifer Lopez, Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick. Weinstein and his designer wife, Georgina Chapman, are planning a dinner and conversation with Clinton at their Manhattan home to benefit the Hillary Victory Fund. We're told the event will be for around 50. Weinstein has hosted fundraisers at his townhouse, as well as his home in Connecticut, for President Obama in 2011, '12 and '13.
How much did the fundraiser net for Clinton? $1.8 million.
From Deadline:
Something in the neighborhood of $1.8 million was raised at Harvey Weinstein's star-packed fundraiser for Hillary Clinton in New York City Monday night, sources tell Deadline. The event for 50 or so Clinton supporters at Weinstein's Manhattan home drew some major Hollywood names, including Leonardo DiCaprio, Jennifer Lopez, Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick, Candice Bergen, Bethenny Frankel and designers Vera Wang and Tory Burch.
In the following month, Weinstein threw a concert for Clinton at the St. James Theatre.
On March 7, 1990, I was in Multan, Pakistan, in southern Punjab province. I can't remember why; it had something to do with my duties as the Washington Post's South Asia correspondent. In those primitive days before cell phones and the Internet, the home newsroom, mercifully, had great difficulty reaching a correspondent in the field, so we were often free to report as we chose, but we also had to monitor breaking news. My habit was to tune in by shortwave radio to the BBC for hourly world-news bulletins, supplemented by the occasional “Newshour” of in-depth, worldwide radio reporting. (It's still a great program, and now easily accessed on an iPhone.)
That March day, the BBC reported that Shahnawaz Tanai, then the Defense Minister of Afghanistan, had launched a coup attempt against his President, Najibullah, and had mustered defecting air-force pilots to bomb Najibullah's office. It was a big story; Soviet troops had withdrawn from Afghanistan only a year before, and the Central Intelligence Agency was still arming and funding mujahideen rebels who sought to overthrow Najibullah. I went to the Multan post office and telexed into Washington a quick news file, then headed for Islamabad, the capital, to report some more. The next day's story, published on page A29 (such was the fate of Afghanistan stories in those heady days following the fall of the Berlin Wall), read:
The senior general and defense minister who attempted a coup against Afghan President Najibullah reportedly flew to Pakistan with his family today…For U.S. and Soviet policy-makers, who have spent billions of dollars during the last decade maneuvering against one another in Afghanistan, this week's coup attempt was shaping up as a perilous turn of events…The faction of Afghan rebels benefiting most from the effort—those pledged to radical Islamic fundamentalist leader Gulbuddin Hekmatyar—espouses an ideology that is often hostile to the United States…
All these years later, Hekmatyar is still at large, probably based out of Pakistan, and he is still fighting the United States, leading a faction of fighters opposed to the government of President Hamid Karzai; Hekmatyar's men also shoot regularly at American soldiers. And in Kabul, where I was last week, doing some research, the talk of potential coups d'etat is gathering once again as well.
Kabul is a somewhat steadier capital than it was a year ago. Mass casualty attacks on the city are down by about a third over last year, depending on how you count them. American and NATO troops are reducing their role in the war very rapidly, and the pace of their withdrawal from combat—to be replaced primarily by the Afghan National Army—will speed up during the next year. Even European diplomats normally skeptical of American military claims tend to see the security situation nationwide as manageable by Afghan troops, if also disturbingly violent and fragile.
The prevailing assumption within NATO governments, including the reëlected Obama Administration, is that while the military transition might work, the political transition from a Karzai-led government in Kabul to something new looks perilous. Presidential elections have been scheduled for early 2014, and President Karzai has declared that he intends to transfer power peacefully to a successor, following a national election. But holding a credible vote in 2014, managing the Taliban's resistance to it, and finding candidates who, if elected, could hold together some minimally stable coalition of northern warlords and militias, Pashtun tribes, generals, and urban power brokers looks, well, hard.
The recent history of Afghanistan might suggest that a coup d'etat is more likely than a peaceful post-election handoff. Since 1973, seven out of the past nine Afghan Presidents have taken power in Kabul either by a coup or a military or guerrilla invasion, or both. (There was one relatively peaceful transfer of power during the Soviet occupation, and a second in the very early days of the mujahideen rebel government of the early nineteen-nineties.)
President Najibullah, for example, participated as a young man in the murderous overthrow of Hafizullah Amin by Soviet forces, in 1979. More than a decade later, after surviving Tanai's attempt against him, he was overthrown and took refuge in a United Nations office in Kabul. Then in 1996, when the Taliban stormed the capital, their cadres beat Najibullah to death and hung his body above a Kabul traffic circle.
The history of coups in Afghanistan suggests that there is no easy way to describe the factionalism, personal ambition, tribal or other motivations that can precipitate a particular event—each has its own fingerprint. A second lesson is that coups in Kabul are hardly ever bolts from the blue. Loose talk, portentous personal conflicts, and direct, intimate conversation of a Shakespearian type usually precede the strike. Killer and killed usually know one another.
That was the case with Tanai and Najibullah. They had come of age as leaders of rival factions within the Afghan communist party during the nineteen-seventies. Later, Tanai was a general; Najibullah was more of a K.G.B. man and a politician. But they saw themselves as factional rivals. For years after Tanai's attempt, Najibullah regaled visitors with the story of how his general had betrayed him—even after accepting a meal of ashak, a traditional Afghan meat dish, at Najibullah's home, served by the President's wife. In Afghanistan, the betrayal of hospitality is a deadly sin; attempted murder belongs more to the venal category.
I had assumed in recent years that Tanai was dead, by one means or another; he had chosen a life of hazards. So I was surprised last week when Afghan friends mentioned that he was alive and well and living under armed protection in Kabul. He had returned from Pakistan, formed a political party, and even listed himself as a candidate for the Presidency in the last election; he didn't win the office that way, either. I asked Tanai if I could visit; he agreed.
A gunman in the parking lot of his building called up to confirm that he was willing to receive me. I climbed to the top floor of a modern edifice that housed a bank. At the highest stairwell landing, I encountered a cage, secured by a chain lock. Inside the cage was a metal circular stairway to the penthouse. An aide came down and unlocked the contraption and we climbed. Tanai's small apartment is sunny and he has placed many plants on the windowsills. He keeps a parakeet in a cage; as we spoke, with increasing animation, the bird sang loudly along with us. Tanai remains a vigorous, fit-looking man who has maintained his signature, enormous brush moustache.
We spent several hours talking about the history of political violence in Afghanistan since the end of the monarchy. At one point, I asked about the coup, and particularly the story of Najibullah's wife's ashak. In Tanai's version of what happened (Najibullah is no longer around to comment) lies some of the texture—the human quality—of an attempted Afghan coup d'etat.
Tanai said that the episode began when Najibullah telephoned him one day at his office at the Ministry of Defense. By Tanai's account, the conversation went as follows:
“I'm angry with you,” Najibullah began.
“Why?”
“My wife thinks you're going to drop bombs on us and that you're planning a coup d'etat.”
“Where did she hear that?”
“I don't know.”
Tanai said, he recalled, “I know where she heard it: you told her. You're telling everyone I'm planning a coup d'etat against you.”
Najibullah replied, “Then why don't you come to lunch or dinner with us? Then you can look at my wife and tell her that it's not true.”
The Minister of Defense said that he would think about that. Soon afterward, at a cabinet meeting, Najibullah excoriated him. By not accepting his dinner invitation as of yet, the President said, “You made me look small and unimportant in front of my wife.”
Tanai recalled that he replied, “O.K., for the sake of your wife, I'm coming.”
At dinner, Mrs. Najibullah served the ashak. Tanai said that he announced, “I'm not planning any coup. I don't want to be President—I'm happy with the military post I have.”
By Tanai's account, however, after this dinner, Najibullah kept plotting against him—arresting friends, pressuring him, and finally calling out Presidential guards to pin him down in the Ministry of Defense, a possible presage to his arrest. Tanai said that he had no choice.
His comrades in the Air Force flew bombing missions over downtown Kabul and struck the national television station, Najibullah's office, and other targets. Yet Najibullah survived, and most of his military remained loyal. Tanai fled, initially to the Bagram air base. There he gathered his loyal generals and told them, he recalled, “Some of our comrades have been killed. Some have been imprisoned. The coup has failed. We lost…What do you want to do?”
They decided to fly by helicopter to Pakistan. They lived to fight another day. Some of Tanai's officers, according to Ahmed Rashid's book “Taliban,” helped train and equip Taliban forces as they prepared to storm Kabul and kill Najibullah. That was the end of an intimate Afghan quarrel—or, rather, the absence of an ending.
Photograph by Robert Nickelsberg/Time Life Pictures/Getty.
About
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
MYSTERY SOLVED!!
Lo and behold the Mexican transformer ITS FELIPE!!
Felipe transforms from Chiuhuahua to Chupacabra
and steals your goat cheese.
GAME INFO:
Felipe is flying in his dream. He's haunted by all the goats he slaughtered and now they are rising from the dead. Goat heads everywhere!! Felipe must survive in his dream for him to taste goat blood again.
The most addicting game since flap happy. Let Felipe entertain you while your laughing your ass off everytime you hear his voice
-Powered by Queso-
Queso en todo! Mmmm
Hey everyone,
Being a gamer since I was 8 yrs old, I finally decided to design one. This is for people to enjoy and ultimately laugh. Please
pledge to set Felipe free!!
In 1957 Johnny Cash played a concert at Huntsville State Prison in Texas, the first of Cash's roughly 30 prison concerts that railed on the American penal system and cemented Cash's populist politics. Two these concerts were committed to vinyl: Live at Folsom Prison was released in 1968 and At San Quentin a year later, and the set lists are a masterful musical confluence of messages of religious redemption, the challenges of love, and the sobering realities of prison life. Cash cultivated a rebellious image that has expanded since his death, but he never spent more than a night in jail (all for misdemeanors); nevertheless, he is now painted as a hard-living, stylish, and thoughtful renegade expressing resistance to inequalities and repressive social values.
Cash secured pop culture stardom by the time of his death in 2003, and since his death Cash has become a compelling mass-consumed symbol. One of the most famous images of Cash was taken at the San Quentin concert, when photographer Jim Marshall requested “a shot for the warden” and Cash gave him the finger. The image has been endlessly reproduced, including ads run by Cash's label in 1998, tattoos, smartphone cases, posters, stickers, and numerous t-shirts.
The universal show of contempt and disrespect, the middle finger resides at the margins of civility, an insulting if not obscene gesture that is today an increasingly commonplace expression of disrespect. Wearing the millennia-old insult on a mass-produced t-shirt violates some bourgeois behavioral standards, but it is perhaps more difficult to challenge in the hands of musical genius expressing heartfelt contempt for authority. Spencers, for instance, sells several versions of Cash shirts, and each of them implicitly justifies the vulgarity by linking it to Cash with his name or his trademark phrase “Hello, I'm Johnny Cash.” The mall chain likewise sells a shirt with Tupac giving us the finger flanked by Biggie standing in silent support. The two rappers' warning to “Trust Nobody” perhaps assumes some credibility in the wake of their deaths.
A shirt with Johnny Cash flashing the bird is a theatrical but ambiguous irreverence for social order, reducing Johnny Cash's politics to style. We might cynically view such commodities featuring a historical figure's rebelliousness simply as canned revolution. The San Quentin image was largely ignored until an American Recordings ad in 1998 used the picture to complain about country radio's failure to play Cash's music. The image subsequently became a commodified icon hawking righteous indignation. It is likely that at least some people viewing or wearing the Cash shirt do not have an especially clear understanding of Cash's prison activism. Nevertheless, such shirts are symbolically productive things that spark reflection and conversation, even if they have no especially fixed meaning or concrete politics.
Cash's iconic digit has a guise of authentic emotion, but the marketplace risks reducing that genuine indignation to a meaningless cliché. Marketers embrace the aesthetic of “edginess” and circumspectly offer goods that reflect distinction without openly acknowledging the structural inequalities that foster various forms of alienation. Indeed, Cash railed on the American Justice system in 1969, but in the hands of one marketer, Cash's righteous anger has been reduced to a shallow “thumb's up.” In this telling, Cash advocates for acquiescence and even approves injustice instead of expressing his and our contempt for it.
It is cynical to conclude that consumer culture reduces all distinction and resistance to style, but marketers certainly do exploit the ambiguities and richness of popular cultural symbols. Johnny Cash is of course a genuine historical figure, but his iconic aesthetic and the symbolism he and his handlers cultivated during his life cannot be easily unraveled from Cash's place in music heritage. As a symbol in the contemporary marketplace, Johnny Cash can mean many things, but it seems unlikely many consumers will allow his meaning to be reduced to a simplistic sanction of bourgeois discipline and law-and-order.
References
Leigh H. Edwards
2009 Johnny Cash and the Paradox of American Identity. Indiana University Press, Bloomington.
Daniel Geary
2013 “The Way I Would Feel About San Quentin”: Johnny Cash & the Politics of Country Music. Daedalus 142(4):64-72. (subscription access)
Ryan Moore
2009 Sells Like Teen Spirit: Music, Youth Culture, and Social Crisis. New York University Press,
New York.
Michael Streissguth
2004 Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison: The Making of a Masterpiece. Perseus Books, Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Graeme Thomson
2011 The Resurrection of Johnny Cash: Hurt, Redemption and American Recordings. Outline Press, London.
Tony Tost
2011 Johnny Cash's American Recordings. Continuum International Publishing, London.
Images
Jim Marshall picture of Johnny Cash giving finger image from NME
Jim Marshall picture of Cash at Folsom Prison image from Snap Galleries
Johnny Cash at San Quentin image from Field Trip South
Johnny Cash Thumbs-Up image from Shirt Nerdery
Spencers Johnny Cash shirt image from Spencers
This story appears in ESPN The Magazine's Dec. 26 / Jan. 2 issue. Subscribe today!
Tyronn Lue took a risk. "LeBron, you gotta be better! If we're gonna win, you gotta be better!"
Deep inside Oakland's Oracle Arena, the visitors locker room was not a happy place. It was halftime, Game 7 of the NBA Finals, and the Cavaliers were trailing the Warriors 49-42.
Lue had tough words for everyone, but he was surprisingly sharp toward LeBron James. It was not the first time that night. During a timeout late in the second quarter, the rookie head coach had barked: "LeBron, what's wrong with your body language? Your body language is terrible." Lue recalls a look that seemed to say: Are you kidding me, what more do you want me to do? His answer: "You got to guard Draymond. You got to take the open shot. Quit turning the ball over. Fix your body language. Anything else you want me to tell you?"
As he had for most of the series, James led the team that night in scoring and assists. But it wasn't yet enough. He was two quarters from fulfilling his homecoming promise to bring Cleveland its first NBA title, and the Cavs were close to letting it slip away. Draymond Green had been killing them with a flurry of 3-pointers, and everyone in the locker room realized that one big push from the Warriors in the second half could put victory out of reach.
"We weren't performing well," says James Jones, the team's veteran forward. "LeBron needed to step up, and as a team we needed to take it to another level."
Lue decided to say everything he could to get under LeBron's skin: "Game 7! Your legacy is on the line."
James couldn't believe he was being challenged, and Cavs assistant Damon Jones worked to calm him down: "You trusted Coach all season. You said he was going to take us to where we wanted to go. If you trusted him then, you need to trust him now."
James snarled, "All right, f--- it!" before reportedly storming out of the locker room.
"Now I got him," Lue thought.
Coaches court misfortune when they confront LeBron. Piss him off and you might lose him. Maybe he tunes you out forever and you could soon be looking for another job. Ask David Blatt.
But James responded to Lue's challenge in the second half, scoring 15 points and delivering 4 rebounds, 6 assists and 1 length-of-the-court-recovery blocked shot for the ages. "Yeah, I felt different [than Lue did]," James says now. "But at the end of the day, we respected one another to the point where I was like, 'OK, I respect you; let's hash it out here, leave it in the locker room and get to playing.' And I was able to respond in the second half because I just respect what he says."
When Game 7 ended, Lue sat on a black padded chair, alone, his head buried in a maroon towel, and cried. He thought of his grandmother and his mother, the two women who raised him. Both were battling breast cancer, and neither could attend the Finals. He thought about playing for the Lakers and the permanent place he holds in "You got posterized" lore as the guy who stumbled and was stepped over by Allen Iverson. He thought about his long career -- seven teams, 11 years, never close to being a star -- and then his sudden, unexpected rise to the top as a 39-year-old coach.
And he thought of the blue-collar town where he grew up, on the plains of central Missouri. And when he stood with his team at the postgame trophy ceremony, he approached the microphone and yelled, "Mexico, Missouri, we in the house, baby!"
Lue's family roots go back to the days of slavery in Mexico, Missouri, named as a nod to Texas' declaration of independence from its southern neighbor. And if you could ask each of its roughly 12,000 residents, no one would be surprised that Lue came at LeBron. "That's how it is around here," says Damon Long, one of Lue's longtime buddies in the town's tight-knit African-American community. "We're the slick-talkingest m-----f-----s you will ever see. But when we're done talkin' mess, we still gonna love you."
"I carry that place with me everywhere I go," Lue says. "It is who I am and where I am from. It taught me everything I know about life. I know that no matter what happens in Cleveland, I'm gonna be good down there."
He's good at Rough's, a barbershop in the basement of an old yellow house that looks as if it could blow over in a storm. Lue began going to Rough's when he was still in grade school. His father, Ronald Kemp, was a local basketball legend who shot deadeye jumpers on the concrete courts at Garfield Park before crack cocaine sent him to prison. Lue hardly knew his father growing up, but the regulars talked about him at Rough's. Lue and his friends would sneak in and huddle in a corner behind a craps table. He could smell the cologne and the kerosene from an aging heater in the corner.
On one side, men sat in barber chairs. On another was a small bar and a table stacked with vodka, rum, wine and champagne. The air cracked with sharp-tongued cussing and laughter. "Oh, man, inside that barbershop you gonna hear everything," Lue says, his eyes widening. "And see it too. People robbed. A friend got shot. Police kicked in [the door]. I have seen everything you could possibly see in there. ... I remember seeing guns on top of money. One guy would keep his money flat, in stacks, and on top he'd put his gun. What that place taught me, what a lot of my growing up in Mexico taught me, was what to do in life and definitely what not to do. As far as coaching now, a lot of skills that I use translate from Rough's."
Gary "the Rough Man" Jackson owns the place. He's 71 but looks 51. His chocolate skin is smooth and tight; his eyes are clear and sharp. He is one of Lue's many cousins, a barber, a barkeep, a gambler and a raconteur. He has slowed down a bit over the years, and so has his shop, but he still talks about women, a great deal. He talks about high school basketball and ends with a soliloquy on the evils of Republicans, the days of Jim Crow and how he came to be known as Rough. "By last count, there is 217 ass-whuppin's that I gave people ... and I have only been whupped two times in my life." But most of all, he talks about why he loves Ty Lue. "Because of that boy's good heart."
"In Mexico, you're not sheltered from anything," says Jay "Doodles" Carter, still one of Lue's closest friends. "From the time we were in grade school, we could be with people with money one minute, regular folks the next, criminals and drug dealers the next. And pretty much all of these people were looking out for us."
I relate to him because I was one of those guys who was counted out too. - LeBron James on Tyronn Lue
Lue's mother, Kim, says she had a hard time finding work when he was coming up. She struggled with drug addiction. She couldn't afford a car. She shoplifted, trying to make life better for her children. "I would say, 'I'm going shopping,' but it was more than that. I was going stealing. You name it, I could get it. Steaks, lobster, chicken, shoes, clothes, hats -- one time, even a whole rack of clothing from a department store."
Today, Kim Lue, 60, is a minister who runs a church out of a four-bedroom home Lue bought for her in Katy, Texas. She's proud of having survived Mexico. Two brick plants that formed the backbone of the local economy for years are closed now, and there are vacant stores on the weary town square. These days, so many young families have left that the high school has a third fewer students than when Lue attended as a freshman.
Lue returns to town as often as he can -- and always on the Fourth of July to host fireworks at Garfield Park in honor of his late grandfather, who shared his birthday with the country. He checks on all the people he helps -- the kids he treats to free trips to local amusement parks or special days at the local pool, the neighbors he advises, the friends who count on him to cover their debts or the rent. Sometimes he walks through the neighborhood with $1,000 in his pocket -- cash for those who might need some.
"I guess you could say I'm Santa Claus, the lawyer, the tooth fairy, everything," he says. "There's not a lot of money in that town, not a lot of money at all. So why would I want to be rich while they struggle and suffer? That don't make sense. What is the satisfaction from that?"
Former three-time NBA champion Rick Fox has joined up with a gaming industry legend and a couple of seasoned investors to launch a new private equity firm named Vision Venture Partners (VVP). The private equity firm that includes former VeriSign CEO Stratton Sclavos, former Spectrum Business Ventures CEO Amit Raizada and CEO of Echo Fox esports team Jace Hall as partners is formed with initial investments in esports, digital entertainment and the lifestyle food and beverage sectors.
VVP indicates that it is focused on creating a "Generation Always" investment portfolio, which Sclavos says is centered on catering to today's consumer who is always connected, always social, always mobile, always interactive, always serious and always aware. He also stressed that each of the four principals will be actively involved with every aspect of the companies that VVP invests in, providing capital, executive management, talent recruitment and strategic business relationships.
"The partners have been funding the investments for the first year to the tune of double digit millions out of our own partners' capital with some small individual investors as well," says Sclavos. "The plan is to put several hundred million to work within the next 7-10 years. What's unique about VVP relative to other private equity firms is not only the capital infusions we are making, but we are also operationally hands-on."
One of VVP's primary investments is in Echo Fox, a competitive esports franchise that bears the last name of partner Rick Fox. VVP operates from a 30,000 square foot Beverly Hills office that includes three production studios that create original content for esports and an esports training facility.
VVP is also already invested in an entertainment company that is creating unique esports content to be introduced on Facebook Live in the near future. Sclavos describes the content as eight-to-nine original shows, some scripted and some unscripted, that are much more like traditional television shows and film, including comedic elements and interactivity with broadcasters and anchors. Furthermore, VVP has secured an investment in Twin Galaxies, which has been the keeper of video game world records since 1981. It will be pivoted by VVP into a much more integrated data services play.
"We're already setting the standards in esports and we'll do the same in other sectors," says Fox. "We want to ensure each portfolio company gets the resources they need to win."
Raizada adds that VVP has only made investments where it has majority or substantial equity in the companies it is funding. One of the unique tenets of the company is a strategy to only invest if it is going to gain control.
Darren Heitner the Founder of South Florida-based HEITNER LEGAL, P.L.L.C. and Sports Agent Blog. He authored the book, How to Play the Game: What Every Sports Attorney Needs to Know.
Follow @DarrenHeitner
By Joan Lowy, Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal regulators are failing to refer serious safety violations involving freight rail shipments of crude oil and other hazardous cargo for criminal prosecution, and are going lightly on civil fines, according to a report released Friday by a government watchdog.
The Federal Railroad Administration routinely applies only modest civil penalties for hazardous materials safety violations, even though inspectors request penalties only for serious or repeated infractions, said the report by the Department of Transportation's inspector general.
Instead, the agency's attorneys have made it a priority to process penalties quickly and avoid legal challenges, the report said.
And, although the agency processes hundreds of safety violations each year, it appears that not a single case has ever been referred for criminal investigation, the report said. After examining a random sample of safety violations over five years, the inspector general's office found 17 cases it said should have referred for criminal investigation.
Based on that sample, the inspector general's office estimated 20 percent, or 227 out of 1,126 violations, may have warranted criminal referral. The agency's attorneys told the watchdog that they didn't make criminal referrals because they didn't know the procedures for doing so, and they didn't think it was part of their job.
"As a result, penalties have little deterrent effect, and criminal penalties aren't being pursued," wrote Mitchell Behm, assistant inspector general for surface transportation.
Concern about rail shipments of hazardous cargo has been heightened in recent years by a series of fiery oil train explosions in the U.S. and Canada, including one just across the border in Lac-Megantic, Quebec, that killed 47 people. More than 400,000 tank cars of oil are shipped across the country annually.
Rep. Peter DeFazio of Oregon, the senior Democrat on the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, said the report confirms "that the federal government has failed to provide the necessary oversight to protect communities across the country from serious accidents involving the rail transportation of hazardous materials."
One case the report said should have been referred for criminal investigation involved a company that produced tank car valves that hadn't been put through a required design approval process. The valves subsequently leaked hazardous liquids. In another case, a company may have deliberately failed to disclose that a shipment included radioactive containers.
Matt Lehner, an FRA spokesman, said most of the inspector general's recommendations are being implemented. He noted that the agency collected $15 million in fines for violations in the 2015 federal budget year, a 12 percent increase over the previous year and the most in the agency's history
The inspector general's office also found that the agency doesn't have a complete understanding of the risks of hazardous cargo shipments because the agency makes safety assessments by looking narrowly at operations in specific regions, not the nation as a whole.
The regional evaluations also don't include an assessment of the risks of transporting highly volatile and hazardous materials like crude oil near cities and major population centers, the report said.
Without an accurate national assessment, the railroad administration can't be sure that all the appropriate risk factors are being considered when deciding which operations are most in need of inspections, the report said.
The inspector general also faulted the agency's complex records system, saying it makes difficult for inspectors to access safety information on rail operations outside their region. As a result, the railroad administration and a sister agency, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, don't share critical and up-to-date information with safety inspectors and investigators in different regions throughout the country.
To Learn More:
Railroad Industry Leads in Number of Corporate Whistleblower Retaliation Complaints (by Noel Brinkerhoff, AllGov)
Internal Audit Criticizes CBP Field Operations for not Testing Rail Cargo from Canada and Mexico for Radiation (by Noel Brinkerhoff, AllGov)
What Chemicals are on Cargo Trains in Minnesota? Don't Ask (by Noel Brinkerhoff and Steve Straehley, AllGov)
State Confirms Huge Jump in Dangerous Oil-by-Rail Shipments but Details Are a Trade Secret (by Ken Broder, AllGov California)
Lewis Black appears at the National Press Club on April 14, 2014.
While his long-standing alienation from presidential politics continues, comedian Lewis Black said, things have gotten to the point where he doesn't have to “write funny” about the latest batch of conservative candidates.
“They're going give me the stuff. They're gonna hand it to me,” Black told the Daily Beast. “‘Donald Trump is running for president.' That's already a punchline. That's the joke! The joke's done!”
At the same time, the self-identified Socialist said he could get behind Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, even though it was “a little upsetting” to him that Sanders, an independent, is campaigning for the Democratic Party nomination.
“I wish he'd just say, ‘F*ck em,'” Black said of Sanders. “But that's the way of the world.”
Black also scoffed at what he called a fear of Socialism engulfing US politics, calling the idea “a form of dementia.”
“We have no party,” he said. “There's like seven of us.” I've got no meetings to go to. So I'm excited. I'm mostly excited that [Sanders is] just stating stuff that needs to be reiterated that the [Democrats], basically, don't reiterate. And it's in terms of financial inequality.”
Black told the Daily Beast that he wished the US would just “extract” itself from Iraq, while also mocking GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham's recent statement that, if elected president, he would fire military leaders who didn't back his plan to send 10,000 more troops into the country.
“As scared as I am of ISIS, I'm as scared of the people who think they know what to do,” the longtime Daily Show contributor said. “Lindsey Graham, the Joint Chiefs — I don't think they know what to do anymore. Lindsey Graham, we're gonna go over there? What? What are you gonna do, Lindsey?”
Natasha Khan talks to us about love, loss, marriage, Tinder + being a witch
“I suppose that all the artists I've ever loved, like Kurt Cobain or Joni Mitchell or the great songwriters, they always give you a piece of themselves and show that vulnerability and exposing what it is to be a human being – there's something loveable for me to share about that,” sternly asserts Natasha Khan, before gazing into the East London skyline and lightly chuckling. “It's hard being a human, it's fucking hard sometimes.”
Amen. While love and companionship are commonplace throughout the animal kingdom, the one thing that sets us apart from beasts is the concept of ‘marriage'. It's this bonding of two people and the emotional ecstasy and turmoil that comes with it that preoccupies Khan on Bat For Lashes' new album, The Bride. As with everything else she does, it's a very intimate and honest affair – strikingly so.
“Sometimes I feel you have to be quite brave to share those deeper parts of yourself, but as a story-teller and musician I feel that's my responsibility in a way,” she admits. “Like Bjork or PJ Harvey, those amazing female artists I listened to as a teenager set the precedent for exploring psychic terrain and putting their bleeding hearts on the line for other people to resonate with. Otherwise, what's the point? I only get off on music like that really. It's got to be real.”
While Khan assumes the character of ‘The Bride' for her fourth album, she is still every bit herself – using the forlorn premature widow as a vehicle for travelling down the road of a broken heart, passing the many different signposts that all relationships pass by on the rocky road through love in the real world, free from fairy tales and fantasy. To do so, she started by writing a feature film about the subject, which led to a flood of words and inspiration before song titles came to be. These titles then became the milestones to lead The Bride on her journey. However, Khan is quick to assert that this made the record a contrived or forced process. Quite the contrary. Marriage, partnership and loss have always been a constant thread throughout the work of Bat For Lashes, but now comes the time for her to make those themes manifest.
“I suppose the strongest message that comes out of these songs for me is that the trauma and the grief from the death of Joe, the groom,” says Khan. “It's definitely more of a metaphor and it allows me to explore the concept of love in general, which requires a death of sorts.
“In all relationships you have this romantic ideal at the beginning, and all of these projections and Cinderella ideals that you'll meet someone who'll satisfy your every need, then once you get married you're off the hook and they've rescued you – everything's going to be fine. Deep down, we all have that wish that someone else will do the work for us, of keeping us happy forever. It's a high price to pay and expectation to have.”
On The Bride, the death of Joe stands for the shattering of illusions that we all carry for that relationship without flaws or strife. Not to say that love isn't worth it, but that the heart needs to get over the fact that nothing can be perfect in order to stay in love with things as they are. Naturally, that requires a certain level of depth; a depth that Khan struggles to find in the gadget driven virtual reality of ‘modern romance'.
“Nowadays with Tinder and all these swipeable people and surface instant gratification, you can get that high and that thrill,” she shrugs. “But no one is really going to that next level of depth. For me, it starts with ‘I Do', that's that height of the project. He dies in the story but really it's about the death of that romantic period. If you move through that you realise ‘fuck, it's just me – it'll always just be me'. No one can possibly please you forever and keep you in that space. It's up to you to do that. “I think there's a period of panic, loss and grief – a sadness that we're all alone, ultimately. It's an existential crisis.”
As the album continues, The Bride comes to terms with the passing of her love. Khan reveals as the record draws to a close, ‘If I Knew' finds peace by thanking the other for the short, sharp, shock of their departure forcing them to take the journey in the first place. “Really, that's the biggest love gift of all,” smiles Khan. “Real marriage is when someone loves you enough to let you go through that process on your own. You can both be individuals and love yourselves, as much as you love each other. That's the maturing of her and she comes into her own.
“I've always been searching and looking at that story across all of the albums but to me this is the most cohesive way of describing that process. It is a grief process and love is full of birth, death and rebirth.”
The album is not a critique of love and marriage by any means. Khan stresses that she firmly believes two people can co-exist, but it must be as fully-formed individuals rather than one defining the other.
“I think companionship is beautiful and marriage is hero's journey and I respect it because of that difficulty of being ‘real' with someone else, and not expecting them to fill a void in you. Not many people realise that's what marriage is about. A deep marriage has to go through a lot of shit. Sometimes you have to go on your own heroic journey to feel like enough of a hero to say ‘look, let's do this'. You have to be pretty evolved to get to that point.”
You need to discover the flaws, then get over the flaws…
“Yes,” she lets out a dark and devilish laugh, “and be disenchanted and then accept the flaws as part of the whole. Accept that we're all going to die! You can't keep living on that heightened perspective. When you swipe someone on Tinder it's like ‘oh I've found the one!'. Not that I've done it because I don't do Tinder, but it's such a superficial construct. "
She pauses to summarise: “A long-term relationship is a spiritual contract, it's not about the externals. That's the shame about today; there's so much emphasis on this external dream and it's all irrelevant.”
Fortunately, Khan has been let to stroll down the many avenues of love of her own volition. For one very, very, brief moment, faith led her Muslim father to suggest an arranged marriage for Natasha – an idea that was swiftly shot down.
“When I was very young, my dad did suggest it. We said no!,” she chuckles. “My mum and I thought ‘this doesn't really apply to Natasha'. Bless my dad, I think he felt that it was his religious obligation to just ask, but he didn't force the point. Muslim fathers just feel that's what they should do for their daughters.”
For better or worse, many of us acquire our vision of what marriage is supposed to be from our parents – either be witnessing a perfect union or a partnership in sync, or by learning from their mistakes. Seeing as this is the preoccupation of Khan's work at the moment, I thought it necessary to put this scenario to her.
“I think my parents, even though they're divorced, they did really love each other and they were really fun,” she fondly remembers. “They did loads of dressing up parties and they seemed that they were in love. It was quite a passionate relationship. They were from two very different cultures so they had to compromise and work around it all a lot. That was my model of marriage from quite a young age.”
The Bride comes after a long four years away for Bat For Lashes. Such an ambition project is the fruit of quite a lot of time of Khan pursuing many other avenues of interest. She released music with Beck and Jon Hopkins, before teaming up with TOY for the very explosive and primal SEXWITCH project – a million miles from the more considered approach we've come know from the Mercury-nominated artist.
“It was very liberating,” nods Khan, thinking back to SEXWITCH. “There was such a wide range and it was so free and guttural – unabashed. That really broke through any remaining barriers I had about feeling ashamed or self-conscious or worried about my voice.
“It freed up all the aspects of my womanhood. It was very permission-giving. Before I did quite a contemplative and fully-formed album, to do something so visceral and immediate got that out of my system and exorcised some demons so I didn't mind focusing on this one. They are two polar opposites.”
It was also an exorcism of brazen energy away from the time she spent studying film – something which has lent itself quite naturally to the very filmic and cinematic feel of The Bride. Did she feel more like ‘a director' of the music this time around, rather than a songwriter?
“With the other albums, I've always seen the landscape with the characters I'm singing about – coexisting on an island, if you will,” she gestures a bubble of life before her eyes. “This time I had the arc with the song titles, but that was enhanced by the fact I had this short film, I was studying script-writing and reading a lot of interviews with Kubrick, David Lynch, Polanski and all my favourite directors. Something stuck in my mind about structure and the thread of tension that you're holding – it was really nice to look at that way as a writer. It was more like directing the movie in my mind with music.”
“I was just studying the medium of cinema, and being a traditional girl I like The Wizard Of Oz, Rebel Without A Cause and those melodramatic stories of the soul's journey. It naturally translated.”
The music videos and visuals from The Bride so far have been pretty Lynchian too… “Oh yes,” replies Khan, “a master of capturing the subconscious mind and patchworking together dream states that have this uncanny meaning that you can't quite put your finger on but you sense it in your stomach and your heart. It's a very palpable, emotional collage of imagery. When albums or stories are coming through, I'll get a few very strong images.
“With this I had The Bride on a mountain and this car on fire – that was one of the first drawings I did. These impressions showed themselves to me, then I learned to join the dots. Maybe the landscape we dwell in is quite similar – it's that darker terrain of dreams and fears.”
Needless to say, this is a more ‘traditional album'. Like a movie, it can only be fully appreciated from start to finish, rather than with scenes in isolation. It was written as a whole, which is impressive, especially when you consider that there must always be the pressure or the temptation to write another ‘Laura' or ‘Daniel' to keep the radio pluggers happy…
“I've been guilty of that in the past and it's never turned out well,” she admits. “With this album I knew that wasn't a ‘Daniel' on there and I really didn't care. That kind of song can often overshadow things and skew your confidence. It's liberating to make an album that's just a story-telling piece and inhabits a different universe to the ‘radio world'. But I'm still proud of it and feel that people might understand it.”
Anyone who's ever fallen in and out of love or found redemption after heartbreak will relate to The Bride. It's another development of the knack that Khan has for translating such universal feelings into something so melodramatic and grand but graceful and real all at the same time. That's what we've come to know her for, but let that work as a reminder that she is one of us after all. The very open and playful Khan we meet enjoying the East London sun is very much of this world, and not the wistful pixie or the wildchild of the woods she's so often painted to be.
“People think that I'm serious – I think I'm really silly,” she shrugs, screwing up her face. “Whenever I meet journalists, we're talking about ‘the work', and that probably is the deepest and most serious part of me. But really I'm listening to Luther Van Dross and being stupid. Me and brother and sister just make each other laugh and put on voices. There's a lot of silliness in my life. It's probably because the work is so deep that I need to counteract that with some mental fun. I'm a lot more simple and less ethereal than people expect."
So you're not really a witch?
“There's definitely a witch in me, but like anyone being I'm very complex – but in my general day-to-day life I love a cup of tea and an episode of Girls. I'm only human after all.”
- Bat For Lashes releases The Bride on 1 July
- See her performance at Glastonbury on the John Peel Stage at 4pm on Sunday 26 June
So, on Wednesday, Richard Burr, Republican of North Carolina, and Mark Warner, Democrat of Virginia, the chairman and ranking member of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, called a press conference to talk about what their committee is planning to do regarding the involvement of Russian entities in the 2016 election. They were grim death. You could feel the stakes rising around you.
Burr, for example, was deadly serious about attaching what happened here to what has happened, and what is happening, in elections across Europe. They said they've asked 20 people already to testify. Not all of these are going to be spooks. Some of them are going to be civilians of whom we already know a great deal.
I still think that there has to be an independent counsel appointed to look into this mess. (Burr, for all his earnestness, still was an adviser to the Trump campaign.) However, these two guys are very much the face of the Washington establishment. The Senate's self-regard is nearly limitless and, when the Senate looks in the mirror, it sees these two guys. Devin Nunes is a small and insignificant player by comparison.
There was behind their press conference a sense that some great, grinding machine had been placed in gear. This is the kind of thing that is easier to engage than it ever is to stop.
Respond to this post on the Esquire Politics Facebook page.
(Photo AFP)
Manuel Valls ne semble toujours pas avoir digéré la façon dont il a été écarté d'une investiture de La République en marche, en vue des élections législatives, dans sa circonscription de l'Essonne. Ce dimanche, dans les colonnes du JDD , l'ancien Premier ministre a raconté comment il a vécu cette semaine à rebondissements : « Ils l'ont fait de manière tellement appuyée que ça s'est retourné contre Macron. C'est devenu le cas Valls ». Il s'est ensuite dit « extrêmement lucide sur Macron et sur son équipe ». Pour lui, « Hollande est méchant, mais dans un cadre. Macron, lui, est méchant, mais il n'a pas de codes donc pas de limites ».
"On a besoin de moi au Parlement"
Pour Manuel Valls, pas question d'abandonner l'Assemblée nationale. S'il n'a pas été investi par La République en marche, l'ancien Premier ministre n'aura pas de candidat du mouvement d'Emmanuel Macron face à lui. "Après les trois jours que j'ai connus, d'autres auraient envie de jeter l'éponge, raconte-t-il. On en a parlé avec Anne (son épouse, NDLR). De manière immodeste, je pense qu'on a besoin de moi. On a besoin de moi au Parlement".
When you consider the fact that we haven't had a major market correction in more than six years, and that the Dow Jones has dropped by about 600 points over the last few weeks, it's only natural to be somewhat apprehensive about putting money into the stock market right now. And, while a stock market crash or correction is a realistic possibility in the coming months and years, it is no reason to stay on the sidelines. In fact, from a long-term perspective, market crashes are nothing but a bump in the road, and can actually create some nice buying opportunities.
What if I invest now and the market crashes tomorrow?
Good question. If you are a short-term trader or might need to cash out your investments soon, a market crash tomorrow would be catastrophic. However, from a long-term perspective, crashes matter less than you might think.
Consider these three points in time:
The market peak in 2007, before the financial crisis started The peak of the dot-com bubble The day before "black Monday" in 1987
These are arguably the three worst possible times you could have chosen to make an investment over the past 30 years. So, let's see what would have happened if you had been unfortunate enough to get in right before a crash.
Starting with the most recent one, the S&P 500 peaked at 1,563 in October 2007, and proceeded to plummet over the next couple of years, bottoming at 678 in March 2009. If you had thrown all of your money into S&P 500 index funds in October 2007 and reinvested all of your dividends (which you should be doing anyway), you would be sitting on a 55% total return today. I realize that an annualized return of about 6% isn't fantastic, but I'll bet its more than you expected from a worst-case scenario.
Next is the dot-com bubble.
In this case, the S&P peaked at about 1,525 in March 2000, and once the bubble burst, it bottomed near 775 in October 2002. Even so, by investing at the pre-crash peak, you'd have an 80.3% total return today. Even an investment in the tech-heavy NASDAQ at the peak of the bubble would have produced a positive total return between then and now.
Finally, perhaps the most inopportune time to have invested in recent history is on October 13, 1987. This isn't exactly the day before Black Monday, but over the next few days, the S&P lost nearly 29% of its value. And, bear in mind that an investment made on this date would have gone through three market crashes between then and now.
Even so, over the nearly 28 years between then and now, you would be sitting on a total return of 1,300%, which translates to a 9.5% annualized average.
The point here is that over the long run, you're still likely to be better off buying stocks than any other asset class -- even if you buy at the absolute worst possible time.
Dollar-cost averaging can turn crashes into opportunities
One investing strategy that can be an effective way to take advantage of crashes and corrections is known as dollar-cost averaging. This refers to investing equal dollar amounts at predetermined time intervals.
Mathematically, you'll always end up accumulating stocks at a below-average price when you use this method. Let's consider a simplified example to see how this works.
Let's say that you want to invest in a certain stock, and that you decide to invest $1,000 every three months in order to build up a position in it over time. At the time you make your initial investment, the stock is trading for $50 per share, so your $1,000 buys 20 shares. After three months, the price has fallen to $40, so your next $1,000 buys 25 shares. And finally, after another three months has passed, the price has risen back to $50, so your next investment buys another 20 shares.
Investment Amount Share Price Number of Shares 1 $1,000 $50 20 2 $1,000 $40 25 3 $1,000 $50 20 Total $3,000 $46.15 65
So, you've acquired 65 shares at a cost of $3,000. If you calculate the average share price when you made your three investments, you'll come up with $46.67. But because dollar-cost averaging allows you to buy more shares at cheaper prices, your average cost per share is $46.15. This isn't an enormous difference, but you'll almost always come out ahead when you average into a position, and this can be a great way to accumulate more shares in the event of a market crash.
Invest early and often, and you'll end up a winner
The best ways to counteract the effects of a market crash are to give yourself a long time frame to ride out the bumps in the road, and to invest often in order to average into your investments. If you do this, you'll accumulate stock positions at good prices no matter what the market is doing, and you'll be well-positioned to capitalize as the market continues up over time. If you invest with a long-term mentality, a crash should be no more than a fantastic buying opportunity to add to your investments.
When it comes to DevOps tooling and configuration management, there's still a lot of confusion as to which tools do what, and how they play with each other, if it all. For the second part of our interview with Docker, we got some more clarity on how Docker fits into people's current toolset and discussed some use cases in which Docker is most useful as a primary tool vs. as a complimentary tool.
LS: So one of the common questions that people have about Docker is that you have some of these other tools like Puppet and Chef...I think there's some confusion as to, is this going to replace Puppet and Capistrano, for instance? Or there's this question of why should I be using Docker as opposed Puppet or with Chef? I just wanted to get your thoughts and how you guys view the whole world of configuration management. Are these other tools separate, or is it all part of one workflow?
J: Docker doesn't want to replace configuration management tools like Chef, Puppet, Salt, or Ansible. The usual answer is very practical and down-to-Earth: if you already have a big investment in Chef, Puppet, or any other kind of configuration management system, Docker has very nice ways to integrate with that.
If you have very nice Chef cookbooks to build and deploy your application, you can use those same cookbooks to do the same thing inside Docker containers. Of course, if you want to take advantage of Docker specific features, you will have to do some little tweaks. But basically, you can reuse most of the work here. You don't have to start from scratch.
Likewise, if you are using something like Puppet to manage hundreds or thousands of machines, and want to start using Docker containers, you can use Puppet to manage the installation of Docker, orchestrate containers, and build images. The integration works both ways.
If you have absolutely no commitment with a specific configuration management tool, and don't want to learn one, you can also use Docker instead. You won't get exactly the same things, but it's reasonable to say that you will get 90% of the goodness for only 10% of the effort, or something like that.
LS: Right, because you would have to learn Puppet, for instance.
J: Yes. You won't have to learn a domain-specific language. We strive to make Docker, Dockerfiles, the registry, and the whole ecosystem, easy enough so that it's easier to learn that than to learn the specifics of a configuration management system. Of course, when your environment mixes applications with and without containers, and you want to manage that in a coherent way, something like Puppet makes a lot of sense. So they really complement each other. I wouldn't say that Docker will make those tools obsolete or irrelevant. Docker lowers the difficulty of obtaining repeatable builds and deployments, in containers. Outside of containers, you will still need to invest into configuration management systems.
But you no longer have to make that investment super early and face that steep learning curve. Instead of saying, "I'm just going to write some shell scripts because Puppet is so complicated!" you can use Docker because it won't be harder than those shell scripts. Instead of saying, "I don't want to use Puppet for that small, little deployment I'm working on," you say, "OK, now I have one hundred servers, so it makes sense to use Puppet." You're happy to use it instead of seeing it as a burden.
LS: Got you. So here's a specific example that maybe you can address. Let's say you're an individual developer working on a number of different projects. Let's say I'm using Puppet, Capistrano, and Vagrant. Is there a reason for me to start using Docker, given that I'm already using these other tools?
J: Yeah, I think it can make sense. I'm going to make a few assumptions here. Generally you'll be using Vagrant and the other tools in a development environment. Then, when you go to production, you'll use something else.
LS: Right. So I'd be using Capistrano to deploy to a VPS on Linode or wherever.
J: Right, that makes sense. With Docker, you would still use Vagrant, or any kind of VM, to run Docker itself. You deploy to Docker, and have a bunch of containers on your dev VM, or even directly on your machine if you're running Linux. Then you ship those containers to production.
Capistrano does that by running a bunch of commands on the target machine. That target could be a local machine, a remote server, a cluster of remote servers... But there will still be some differences between those environments. You have to make sure that you are using the same distro, the same libraries. Making sure that all those environments are perfectly aligned can be a lot of work. Docker solves that because you are starting with a given base image, and it's guaranteed to be the same image everywhere.
I need to sidetrack a little bit here. Often, good configuration management is difficult because the point of configuration management is to install and change certain things without touching the rest. If I instruct Puppet or Chef to install a specific version of a given library, it will do it. But if, at a later point, I remove that part from my manifest (or cookbook), the library won't be uninstalled. It will stay as it is. This is a situation where the same manifest, when applied on different machines, can result in different environments.
That's one thing that Docker tries to abstract. You start with a common base. You're just running simple actions. You're not trying to do anything fancy, like resolving dependencies. You're just applying simple rules, but since you start from a very well-known starting point, you will end up with something predictable and reproducible.
LS: Somewhat unrelated: I know you guys moved away from officially recommending Vagrant in favor of boot2docker. And when was that, by the way? Because that was really recent right?
J: Yeah, it's really recent. I think we officially said to people, it's still fine to use Vagrant obviously, but you will be more likely to get help within the community if you use boot2docker because we are shifting to boot2docker, because it's simpler. It has less moving parts.
It's lightweight. It's the first time that I can actually have a one-liner that downloads a VM image and runs it in less than a minute. Usually, downloading the VM image takes forever, because it's like 500 MB. That one is just 25 MB. Of course, if you have Vagrant for other purposes, it's fine to keep it to run Docker. But if you're considering to use Vagrant just because you need Docker, then no. Go straight to boot2docker because the experience will be more polished and more straight forward.
Then came the boot2docker wrapper on the Mac, as a kind of experiment. The idea was to get something that feels like the native experience, when I'm on my local machine and I do "docker something", and it runs locally. Except that here, when I do "docker something", it talks to a Docker demon running in a VM on the Mac.
The result is very impressive. It works as well as a native Linux machine. The next step might be to do that for Windows developers. Or Linux developers who don't want to run Docker natively for some reason. Someone came up with the wording "headless hypervisor", to say that it's a VM in which you run containers. It's a kind of hypervisor for containers, and it's headless because you don't care at all about the virtual display, the screen, the console of this VM. Because the only interaction will be through the Docker API anyway.
LS: Right. That's interesting. It seems like the common thread here is that you're basically saying, if there are these other tools that you're using to automate your workflow, in terms of the configuration and even deployment, you can still use those. But if you're just now thinking about automating, you can actually start off with Docker and things like boot2docker. You don't need to learn Puppet, Chef, etc.
J: Exactly.
Check out Part 1: How Docker Was Born and Part 3: How Docker Manages Its Massive Open Source Project
The International Criminal Court (ICC) may exercise its jurisdiction over the spate of drug-related killings in the country if the Philippine government fails to prosecute alleged vigilante perpetrators, according to the Commission on Human Rights (CHR).
During the Senate hearing on the administration's war against drugs on Tuesday, CHR Chair Jose Luis “Chito” Gascon said the government should be able to show that it was doing everything in its capacity to prevent extrajudicial killings from being the new norm.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Extrajudicial killing is any killing by government forces as well as killing by any other group which the government failed to investigate, prosecute or punish when it is in a position to do so,” Gascon said.
“Failure of the government to address this situation currently prevailing of unexplained extrajudicial killings could result in the possibility of ICC exercising jurisdiction over these matters,” he told Sen. Leila de Lima, chair of the Senate committee on justice and human rights.
Gascon noted that the Philippines, an “active participant” in the ICC, was a party to the Rome Statute from 2011 when the government ratified the treaty that established the international tribunal.
But before the ICC steps in, it should be established that the state is “unable and unwilling” to prosecute the cases, according to Gascon.
“Meron pong kapasidad ang ICC to exercise its jurisdiction … In fact, the United Nations has mechanisms of monitoring, and the ICC as well,” he said.
The ICC has limited jurisdiction over four crimes, namely war crimes, genocide, aggression, and crimes against humanity, where Sen. Leila de Lima said vigilante killings could fall into.
Gascon said crimes against humanity should be able to establish “widespread” and “systematic” attacks against the civilian population.
He said the “widespread” element was not dependent on the number of victims but on the totality of the condition without prosecution and accountability, while “systematic” constituted a policy-oriented approach.
De Lima, however, admitted that it would be difficult to establish that the state had a hand on systematic killings.
ADVERTISEMENT
“No state will ever admit that there is such a policy of killing. Kaya nga po sana maintindihan n'yo kung bakit ko ginagawa ko ito, I'm reminding the government, I'm reminding the administration,” she said.
As of Aug. 22, the Inquirer's “Kill List” notes 729 drug-related deaths since June 30 or after President Duterte took office.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
The price of a bitcoin hit a low of $360 in April and had been hovering around $450 since April 25. But it started breaking away on May 20. It now sits at $665, according to CoinDesk.
The exact reason for this move is hard to pin down. The Bitcoin2014 Conference in Amsterdam drew to a close three days before the upswing started, and it featured some positive outlooks for the cryptocurrency from its 2,000 attendees.
Read More Dish to become the largest company to accept bitcoin
"The fact that you have 51 countries (represented at the conference) and all of them have something positive to say about developments in their countries—maybe this helped show that bitcoin is bigger than just the U.S., China and England," said Micky Malka, a general partner at venture capital firm Ribbit Capital and a board member of conference host Bitcoin Foundation.
This post contains affiliate links. If you buy something from them, I earn a small percentage that helps keep The Spring Mount 6 Pack running.
My family loves to travel and we love to see different things. Part of the summer routine is to hit as many fairs as possible. There are several treats that we always have to try when we go to the fair: funnel cake and Fried Oreos. We love them but they are expensive. We would need 2 to 3 orders just to let everyone have 1. Well, that is not about to happen because we would all want our own. So, we make them at home.
Making deep fried Oreos isn't hard. I do recommend that you have a fryer because it is easier than frying in a pot. But you can certainly do it in a pot. If you want to get an easy-to-use fryer, I would recommend this one. It is similar to one that I have now and it works great for occasional home use.
Ingredients:
1 large egg
1 cup milk
2 teaspoons vegetable oil
1 1/2 cup pancake mix
1 package of Oreos
powdered sugar
Directions:
Heat the fryer oil to 375. Mix Pancake mix with egg, milk and vegetable oil until there are no lumps.
Add in a few Oreos at a time.
Coat them by flipping them over. The batter will not be heavy on them. That's ok.
Place about 3 or 4 in the fryer at a time, depending on the size of the fryer. Fry for 1 minute on each side, until golden brown.
Drain on paper towels, and dust with powder sugar. Serve the deep fried oreos while warm.
The Washington Post on Friday pushed back against President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's claims that a report about former national security adviser Michael Flynn's conversations with a Russian ambassador was “fake news.”
Trump on Friday obliquely referred to the Post's story on Flynn that cited nine former or current officials, insisting the sources were made up.
“Everything we published regarding Gen. Flynn was true, as confirmed by subsequent events and on-the-record statements from administration officials themselves,” Post executive editor Marty Baron said in a statement.
“The story led directly to the general's dismissal as national security adviser. Calling press reports fake doesn't make them so.”
Just as Trump finishes at CPAC, WaPo Executive Editor Marty Baron releases statement standing by nine-source story: pic.twitter.com/iS1Gar0PIe — ErikWemple (@ErikWemple) February 24, 2017
ADVERTISEMENT
The Post reported earlier this month that Flynn had discussed U.S. sanctions with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak in the month before Trump took office. Flynn resigned from his position days later at Trump's request.
But three days after Flynn stepped down, Trump defended the retired lieutenant general during a news conference, calling him a “wonderful man” who was treated “very, very unfairly” by the press.
During his Friday speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference in Maryland, Trump did not mention Flynn by name but talked about his problems with a story that had nine sources as he continued his ongoing attack on the media.
“There are no nine people. I don't believe there was one or two people,” Trump said.
“And I said, 'Give me a break,' because I know the people. I know who they talk to. There were no nine people. But they say nine people. And somebody reads it and they think, ‘Oh, nine people, they have nine sources.' They make up sources. They're very dishonest people.”
Trump's young administration has been roiled with frequent leaks from government officials and employees in its first month. The president has vowed to crack down on the disclosures, claiming that the leaks themselves are more concerning than the information they contain.
Updated statistics by the alternate-transportation analysts at Walk Score suggest that the Buckhead Village is no longer Atlanta's premiere pedestrian district — and that bicycling in the city is quickly becoming more viable. According to Walk Score's 2015 City & Neighborhood Ranking, Georgia State University has supplanted Buckhead Village as the ATL's king of walkability, notching an enviable score of 96. Also worth noting: Since a similar Walk Score analysis in 2013, the city's overall bikeability rating has jumped from 43 to 50, earning it bona fide "Bikeable" status now. In that timespan, two "neighborhoods" — GSU and Peachtree Center — have finally climbed into the rarified air of 90 Walk Scores and above, which could speak to residential, retail and streetcar activity in the area. It's harder to explain how the Walk Score of Midtown, for instance, could fall two points to 84, unless some sort of redistricting is to blame.
Walk Score ranked the largest 3,000 cities in the country and more than 10,000 neighborhoods, including 160 in Atlanta. Overall, Atlanta's lackluster Walk Score of 46 hasn't changed in the last couple of years. But hey, analysts did discover that, on average, Atlantans can walk to four restaurants, bars and coffee shops in five minutes. Which should be enough to stay awake, nourished and tipsy. It's no surprise that New York is gauged as the country's most walkable city with an overall score of 81.
As for the Bike Score, Atlanta still lags the country's leader, Minneapolis, which notched an 81 score despite, you know, ice.
On the Transit Score front, Atlanta remains in the "car-dependent/most errands require a car" cellar at 43 overall.
Here's a quick before/after glimpse of the top 20 Atlanta neighborhoods for walkability, as Walk Score sees them ...
Walk Score's Top 20 Walkable Atlanta Neighborhoods in Late 2013:
...
And now:
· Living in Atlanta [Walk Score]
· ATL Fails On New Walk Score Charts, But Some 'Hoods Shine [Curbed]
Adrian Peterson tore a meniscus in his right knee on Sunday night, and announced today he's going to have surgery tomorrow to repair it. In the absolute best-case scenario, he'll only be back for the playoffs. Much more likely, he's out for the season. And after that?
Peterson injured himself on this carry late in the third quarter of the Vikings' win over Green Bay, and was helped off, bizarrely, through a restaurant.
Advertisement
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
The meniscus tear—a “bucket handle tear,” to be precise—was confirmed by MRI the next day. Peterson said he was told that the minimum recovery time is three to four months, which would be December or January, and “up to six months.” Peterson has come back toward the shorter end of rehab projections before, but he's five years older than when he tore his ACL and MCL in December 2011 and impressively returned for the start of the next season.
Matt Asiata is listed as next up on the depth chart, though Jerick McKinnon is probably the better back. The Vikings also signed Ronnie Hillman today, after Peterson made the decision to have surgery.
Advertisement
The Vikings will have a big decision to make during the offseason. Peterson is scheduled to make $18 million in 2017, a huge outlay for any player, let alone a running back who'll be 32 years old and coming off a big injury. They will, it's safe to say, either force him to restructure his contract or release him outright. And whatever happens, it'll happen before Peterson's $6 million roster bonus comes due when the league year begins on March 9.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Bangladesh premier Sheikh Hasina will jointly inaugurate a border 'haat' (market) at Kamalasagar in Tripura's Sipahijala district, which borders Brahmanbaria district of Bangladesh.
The 'haat' would be jointly inaugurated through video conferencing from Dhaka during Modi's two-day visit to Bangladesh beginning from June 6, Sipahijala Additional District Magistrate DK Chakma told reporters on Thursday.
It is, however, yet to be decided whether the inauguration would be on June 6 or the next day, he added. The border haats are set up at the zero line of international border with one part on Indian side and the other in Bangladesh.
"Business in the haat would take place once a week among people living within 5 km radius of the border who would sell and buy locally produced goods and crops. No local taxes would be imposed on the items to be sold in the haats and currencies of both the countries would prevail," Shyamal Dev, senior manager of Tripura Industrial Development Corporation, which is the nodal agency for setting up border haats, told PTI.
Initially 16 items were short listed, including agricultural and horticultural crops, spices, minor forest products excluding timber, fish and dry fish, dairy and poultry products, cottage industry items, wooden furniture, handloom and handicraft items, he said.
The border 'haat' at Kamalasagar is the second in the state after the one at Srinagar in South Tripura district set up to boost bilateral trade between the two countries.
Altogether four border 'haats' would be constructed in Tripura with the other two at Kamalpur in Dhalai district and Dharmanagar in North Tripura district, Dev said.
The cost of construction of Kamalasagar haat, 28 km from here and built on 150 X 150 sq m, was Rs 2.44 crore which would be borne by the Ministry of Commerce, he added. The first border haat was set up in 2012 at Kalaichar in West Garo hills of Meghalaya.
RICHMOND, FEB. 9 -- The House of Delegates is scheduled to vote Wednesday on a bill that would protect Virginians from attempts by employers or insurance companies to implant microchips in their bodies against their will.
It might also save humanity from the antichrist, some supporters think.
Del. Mark L. Cole (R-Fredericksburg), the bill's sponsor, said that privacy issues are the chief concern behind his attempt to criminalize the involuntary implantation of microchips. But he also said he shared concerns that the devices could someday be used as the "mark of the beast" described in the Book of Revelation.
"My understanding -- I'm not a theologian -- but there's a prophecy in the Bible that says you'll have to receive a mark, or you can neither buy nor sell things in end times," Cole said. "Some people think these computer chips might be that mark."
Cole said that the growing use of microchips could allow employers, insurers or the government to track people against their will and that implanting a foreign object into a human being could also have adverse health effects.
"I just think you should have the right to control your own body," Cole said.
The religious overtones have cast the debate into a realm that has made even some supporters uneasy and caused opponents to mock the bill for legislating the apocalypse.
Del. Robert H. Brink (D-Arlington) said on the House floor that he did not find many voters demanding microchip legislation when he was campaigning last fall: "I didn't hear anything about the danger of asteroids striking the Earth, about the threat posed by giant alligators in our cities' sewer systems or about the menace of forced implantation of microchips in human beings."
Microchips, which use radio frequency identification, have been used in pets to identify and track them. Proponents suggest that such chips could be invaluable in making people's medical records portable and secure and in helping to identify and find missing children. Others have urged they be used with Alzheimer's disease patients.
But the growing use of microchips has collided with the Book of Revelation. The biblical passage in question is in Chapter 13 and describes the rise of a satanic figure known as "the Beast": "He causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads: And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name."
David Neff, editor of the magazine Christianity Today, said that some fundamentalist Christians believe that bar codes and implanted microchips could be used by a totalitarian government to control commerce -- a sign of the coming end of the world.
"This is part of a larger attempt to constantly read current history in the light of the symbolic language of the Book of Revelation," he said.
Check out the cool Illustration I did for the Challengers Assemble Sketch blog, this week the was theme was "Assassin's Creed" The video game. So I focused on the most current version of the game which is number 3 . The game is set in the United states during revolutionary times.The character is part native American so I went more with that sorta theme.Also if you get a chance there are lots of cool comic art over at Challengers Assemble blog so head on over and check theme all out.here is the linkI created this illustration using Illustrator CS6 ,the pen tool, fonts I own, several layers and layer settings, The used Photoshop CS6 for the color effect.You can also follow me out on my other social network feeds here:FacebookTumblerTwitterPintrestInstagram
VA-111 Shkval underwater rocket
In 1995 it was revealed that Russia had developed an exceptionally high-speed unguided underwater missile which has no equivalent in the West. Code-named the Shkval (Squall), the new weapon travels at a velocity that would give a targeted vessel very little chance to perform evasive action. The missile has been characterized as a "revenge" weapon, which would be fired along the bearing of an incoming enemy torpedo. The Shkval may be considered a follow-on to the Russian BGT class of evasion torpedoes, which are fired in the direction of an incoming torpedo to try to force an attacking to evade (and hopefully snap the torpedo's guidance wires). The weapon was deployed in the early 1990s, and had been in service for years when the fact of its existence was disclosed.
Development begain in the 1960s, when the Research Institute NII-24 (Chief Designer Mikhail Merkulov) involved in the artillery ammunition research was instructed to launch the development of underwater high-speed missile to fight nuclear-powered submarines. On 14 May 1969, pursuant to a government resolution, NII-24 and GSKB-47 merged into the Research Institute of Applied Hydromechanics (NII PGM), which formed the basis of the present day 'Region' Scientific Production Association. Advances in the development of jet engines and fuel technologies, as well as outstanding results in the research of body motion under cavitation made it possible to design a unique missile with a dived speed much greater than that of conventional torpedoes.
When the suction on the low-pressure side of the propeller blade dips below ambient pressure [atmospheric plus hydrostatic head] the propeller blade cavitates -- a vacuum cavity forms. There is water vapor in the cavity, and the pressure is not a true vacuum, but equal to the vapor pressure of the water. High-speed propellers are often designed to operate in a fully-cavitating (supercavitating) mode.
A high speed supercavitating projectile, while moving in the forward direction, rotates inside the cavity. This rotation leads to a series of impacts between the projectile tail and the cavity wall. The impacts affect the trajectory as well as the stability of motion of the projectile. The present paper discusses the in-flight dynamics of such a projectile. Despite the impacts with the cavity wall, the projectile nearly follows a straight line path. The frequency of the impacts between the projectile tail and cavity boundary increases initially, reaches a maximum, and then decreases gradually. The frequency of impacts decreases with the projectile's moment of inertia.
Apparently fired from standard 533mm torpedo tubes, Shkval has a range of about 7,500 yards. The weapon clears the tube at fifty knots, upon which its rocket fires, propelling the missile through the water at 360 kph [about 100 m/sec / 230 mph / 200-knots], three or four times as fast as conventional torpedoes. The solid-rocket propelled "torpedo" achieves high speeds by producing a high-pressure stream of bubbles from its nose and skin, which coats the torpedo in a thin layer of gas and forms a local "envelope" of supercavitating bubbles. Carrying a tactical nuclear warhead initiated by a timer, it would destroy the hostile submarine and the torpedo it fired. The Shkval high-speed underwater missile is guided by an auto-pilot rather than by a homing head as on most torpedoes.
There are no evident countermeasures to such a weapon, its employment could put adversary naval forces as a considerable disadvantage. One such scenario is a rapid attack situation wherein a sudden detection of a threat submarine is made, perhaps at relatively short range, requiring an immediate response to achieve weapon on target and to ensure survival. Apparently guidance is a problem, and the initial version of the Shkval was unguided However, the Russians have been advertising a homing version, which runs out at very high speed, then slows to search.
A prototype of the modernised "Shkval", which was exhibited at the 1995 international armaments show in Abu Dhabi, was discarded. An improved model was designed with a conventional (non-nuclear) warhead and a guided targeting system, which substantially enhances its combat effectiveness. The first tests of the modernised Shkval torpedo were held by the Russian Pacific Fleet in the spring of 1998.
The 'Region' Scientific Production Association has developed developed an export modification of the missile, 'Shkval-E'. Russia began marketing this conventionally armed version of the Shkval high-speed underwater rocket at the IDEX 99 exhibition in Abu Dhabi in early 1999. The concept of operations for this missile requires the crew of a submarine, ship or the coast guard define the target's parameters -- speed, distance and vector -- and feeds the data to the missile's automatic pilot. The missile is fired, achieves its optimum depth and switches on its engines. The missile does not have a homing warhead and follows a computer-generated program.
On 05 April 2000 the Russian Federal Security Service [FSB] in Moscow arrested an American businessman, Edmond Pope, and a Russian accomplice, on charges of stealing scientific secrets. A FSB statement said it confiscated "technical drawings of various equipment, recordings of his conversations with Russian citizens relating to their work in the Russian defense industry, and receipts for American dollars received by them." Pope, a retired US Navy captain who spent much of his career working in naval intelligence, was at the time of his arrest the head of a private security firm. On 20 April 2000 the FSB revealed that Pope had been seeking plans the Shkval underwater missile. Pope was detained during an informal contact with a Russian scientist who had participated in the Shkval's creation.
The arrest of Daniel Howard Kiely, deputy head of the Applied Research Laboratory at Pennsylvania State University, came almost simultaneously. The laboratory led by Mr. Kiely has for many years been developing torpedoes for US warships and submarines. Professor Kiely had joined Pope in Moscow to offer technical advice and determine the tasks for Pope's further activity. Kiely was interrogated as a witness. His testimony and objects confiscated during the search proved his involvement in Pope's activities. Later the 68-year-old professor was released and allowed to return to the United States.
The objective of the High-Speed Undersea Weaponry project at the US Office of Naval Research is to develop the vehicle guidance, control and maneuvering capabilities for the quick reaction weapons. High-speed weapons could offer an advantage for Anti Submarine Warfare (ASW) "close encounter" scenarios. The overall system response of a high-speed weapon for breaking off engagements with enemy submarines would be measured in seconds, rather than minutes. The High-Speed Undersea Weapons project has three tasks; Vehicle Guidance, Vehicle Control, and Test Bed Development. Vehicle Guidance deals with homing sensors, signal processing, waveform design, and autopilot commands that are used to guide (either autonomously or with external interaction) the weapon to its target. Vehicle control deals with control and maneuvering of the high-speed weapon with emphasis on stabilizing the supercavitating bubble cavity, and optimizing the flow for low drag. Technical issues include instability due to vehicle planing and tail slap, interaction between cavity with propulsion exhaust, and propulsion system transients, including startup. Test Bed Development is an ongoing effort that develops a test platform to test and evaluate S&T candidate systems such as homing systems, vehicle control, and propulsion systems.
Works to modernize the high-speed Shkval submarine rocket are being conducted in Russia, they are included in a new state armament program for 2018-2025, general director of the Tactical Missile Armament Corporation (KTRV) Boris Obnosov said 20 July 2017. "Work in this direction is under way, I think the parameters will be seriously improved," he said.
"Yes," said Obnosov, answering the question whether these works are included in the new state program of armaments for 2018-2025. The armament complex with the high-speed underwater rocket "Shkval-E" is designed to defeat surface targets. The complex can be deployed on surface ships, submarines or stationary installations. The effective range of shooting is seven kilometers, the depth of the underwater launch reaches 30 meters, the mass of the missile's combat part is 210 kilograms, the caliber is 534.4 millimeters, the length is 8.2 meters, and the mass is 2700 kilograms.
References
REGION ENTERPRISE: EXPERT IN HIGH-PRECISION GUIDED WEAPONS Yevgeny Shakhidzhanov, Military Parade Issue 33. May - June 1999
Issue 33. May - June 1999 CONCRETE SUBMARINES BY JIM WILSON Popular Mechanics DECEMBER 98
Newsletter Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address
Generation Y is feeling really hard done by. There is massive resentment about Generation X and the baby boomer generation and the free university education they enjoyed, the remarkably low house prices they paid and the generous tax treatment of superannuation the oldies now enjoy.
Generation Y: a guide to a much-maligned demographic Read more
The angst of the millennials is understandable, to some extent, but it reflects a lack of awareness of some of the issues Gen X and the baby boomers dealt with when they were young. It is fair to say that young generations through time always seem to be doing it tough relative to older generations. I would hazard a guess that when today's Gen Y turn 50, 60 and 70, they will have a living standard that will exceed today's Gen X and baby boomers and the youth in 2050 will feel aggrieved.
Millennials would be wise to be a little more reflective whenever they snipe about how unfair life is.
Let's think back to the 1970s and first half of the 80s, when today's baby boomers and older Gen Xers were in their 20s and 30s.
Back then, only one-third of the population finished high school. Two-thirds of people were under-educated and therefore skewed towards semi- or low-skilled professions.
Today, more than three-quarters of young people, including today's Gen Y, have finished high school. They are reaping the financial and other benefits that better education unleashes.
It is a similar issue with university attainment. While a university education may well have been free in the old days, only 3% of the population actually got a university degree in the 70s and a ticket to higher incomes. Today, about 15% of young people get a university education. Sure they have to pay for it, but the trade-off between no tertiary education and a low-skilled job versus a small fee and wonderful career opportunities is one that is easily calculated.
Gen X and the baby boomers, whether they left school early as most did, or went to university as a few did, entered a workforce that, with a few temporary exceptions, had an unemployment rate above 6.5% and was sometimes as high as 10%.
Gen Y see an unemployment rate not much higher than 6%. It has been 13 years since the rate has been above 6.5% and there is a simple correlation between a low jobless rate and the ease of getting a job.
That greater educational attainment – helped by Gen X and baby boomers voting for more university places – could also be why Gen Y are reasonably articulate in venting their anger.
While house prices today are high, it is possible for any Gen X person to go to a financial institution, get a loan and pay a staggeringly low interest rate as they buy their first house.
Those Gen Xers and the baby boomers who took the risk of buying a “cheap” house in the 70s and early 80s were confronted with interest rates that averaged 13% and peaked at 17% in the late 80s. If any Gen Y has ever put that sort of interest rate into their mortgage calculators, they might choke on their skinny soy lattes.
It is important to also recall that in the cloistered banking sector of 30 to 40 years ago, customer loyalty to a bank was important in getting a loan. If you were a Bank of New South Wales customer, it was difficult if not impossible to get a loan with a different bank. Or if you did, they would only lend you about 80% of what you wanted at the mortgage rate (remember, double digits) and the other 20% would be a “cocktail” loan with a personal loan type interest rate. There was minimal competition so it was a take it or leave it offer from the bank.
Research by the Reserve Bank of Australia shows that interest rates and not house prices are the most important determinant of servicing a mortgage debt. At the moment, the average mortgage repayment is a smaller proportion of income than the long-run average. Servicing a big mortgage on an expensive dwelling with low interest rates today is about as easy, if not easier, than managing a smallish loan on a cheap house with very high interest rates in the 70s and 80s.
Millennials at work: five stereotypes - and why they are (mostly) wrong Read more
Perhaps it is a time-honoured fact that older generations are richer than the young. After all, they have had many years to accumulate savings and wealth and young people haven't.
It is also important to be frank and acknowledge that it is always hard to buy a house. It was in the 70s, in the 80s, 90s and it still is. It requires a huge savings effort and a bit of time with baked beans on toast and glamour-free holidays to get your foot in the door.
And do Gen Y really want zero university fees but fewer university places? Do they really want much lower house prices but 13%+ on their loan?
Moderate university debt is the price the population pays for greater access to university. Anyone who has been in the paid workforce since 1991, including every Gen Y, has been accruing superannuation savings, while many baby boomers had zero superannuation for the first 10 or 20 years of their working lives.
Young people today are facing significant financial challenges, but this is not a new story. Progressive policymakers have, over the past four decades, looked at sustainable ways for the population to have the best possible access to education, housing and retirement savings. Everyone, young and old, has benefited from these policies and it is vital that policy settings do not hinder progress in these areas.
Gen Y commentator Osman Faruqi responded to this article on his blog, and you can read “Choke on my soy flat white, buddy” here. Stephen Koukoulas responded to Faruqi's assertions on his blog, and you can read “Why Osman Faruqi is wrong” here.
Australia has a banking problem.
That's the inescapable conclusion to be drawn from the Commonwealth Bank's massive financial planning scandal – a scandal that the bank has steadfastly refused to address, until public pressure forced it to today.
This morning, CBA boss Ian Narev held a media conference in which he finally apologised for the bank's excesses and pledged to review a decade's worth of financial advice (the review, however, will not be independently run). Given that the bank has already paid out $51 million in compensation to more than 1,100 customers, it could be on the hook for hundreds of millions more.
So what's this all about?
One of Australia's largest and most profitable corporations has been swindling its customers.
Many have lost their lives savings.
In May, the ABC's Four Corners aired an episode that chronicled the damage to just one of those customers: Noel Stevens, a terminally ill cancer patient who had his life insurance claim with the Commonwealth Bank rejected.
Stevens had moved his life insurance to the Commonwealth from Westpac, after answering a cold call from a Commonwealth bank teller and going in to his branch to see a Commonwealth financial planner.
Both the teller and the planner received a commission for selling Stevens the life insurance policy. But when Stevens got cancer and tried to claim, the CBA's CommInsure rejected him. It scrutinised his medical records and claimed he had deceived the bank about his medical history.
A court later found that the Commonwealth Bank was “negligent” and demonstrated “misleading and deceptive conduct” in selling Stevens that policy.
As CBA whistleblower Jeff Morris told Four Corners, the CBA has a “sales culture” in which staff are encouraged to grab as much of their customers' wallets as they can.
The CBA's most notorious villain was a Sydney financial planner named Don Nguyen. For several years in the 2000s, Nguyen was one of the CBA's top-selling financial planners. In 2007 alone, he signed up $39 million worth of custom. His salary that year was reportedly close to half a million dollars.
But Nguyen was a rogue planner. According to Morris, Nguyen was widely known inside the bank as “Dodgy Don.” As well as pushing all his clients into highly risky financial products which they clearly didn't understand, Nguyen was lying to his clients, doctoring their case files, and even forging their signatures.
As Morris told the Senate inquiry into the scandal, Nguyen had been caught paying $50 “backhanders” to the CBA's Chatswood Branch staff to give him client details directly. He had also apparently been caught by a CBA compliance manager defrauding CommInsure “by tendering $5,000 invoices for financial advice that was never provided”.
Jeff Morris' submission to the Senate inquiry is well worth a read. It's a chilling glimpse of the culture inside the Commonwealth Financial Planning division of the CBA. Not only was there a sales culture ruthlessly dedicated to fleecing customers of their life savings, but there was also a massive cover up.
By the time that the bank discovered Nguyen, he was already out of control – a rogue employee who was wreaking havoc in the heart of the bank's financial planning division.
Instead of firing him and going to the police, the Commonwealth Bank promoted him. A second financial planner was appointed to work through Nguyen's customers one-by-one, in order to cover up his wrongdoing and “sanitise” the files.
As the Senate report concludes, if Morris' account is accurate – and the CBA has made no attempt to deny the central claim that it promoted Nguyen after learning of his actions – then it “would indicate a coordinated and systematic effort by CFPL/the CBA to mislead Mr Nguyen's clients and discourage them from pursuing compensation claims”.
Nguyen continued to see clients well in 2009. He even missed the bank's 2008 Christmas party, busy attempting to sign up a $1.6 million portfolio from a 93-year old, for a $32,000 flat fee.
The CBA continued to try and cover up the extent of Nguyen's actions all the way through the Senate inquiry. The report finds that the CBA's testimony to the Inquiry “deliberately and grossly understate[d]the extent of the wrongdoing within Commonwealth Financial Planning”.
Of course, only a cynic would expect a giant bank to come clean about massive fraud and malfeasance of its own accord. If the events of the past decade in the global banking industry have proved anything, it is that 'light touch' regulation of the financial sector is utterly incapable of preventing fraud and mismanagement.
There is a regulator that is charged with supervising and enforcing the provisions of bank regulations and laws. Unfortunately, that regulator is arguably the worst in Australia: the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, or ASIC.
ASIC received a tip-off about Nguyen and the rogue actions inside the financial planning division in 2008. It did nothing. Eventually, Morris and some other whistleblowers went to the media. It was the dogged reporting of the actions of Nguyen by Fairfax's Adele Ferguson in particular that finally forced ASIC's hand. In the end, it was 16 months before the regulator took action.
We've covered the dismal failures of ASIC here at New Matilda before. The regulator is a serial offender, chronically incapable of policing its own beat.
Perhaps the worst recent example was the Trio Capital scandal, in which a gang of thieves led by Shawn Richard siphoned off $176 million from the superannuation accounts of mum and dad investors. Most of the money was transferred into bank accounts in the British Virgin Islands, where it disappeared forever.
While Richard went to jail, the alleged mastermind, Jack Flader, was not pursued by ASIC, despite ASIC's own evidence that he was the “ultimate controller” of the fraud.
The Senate Committee was scathing in its view of ASIC'S conduct in the CBA affair. It notes that ASIC simply took the bank's word on many matters, refusing to properly investigate. Terrifyingly, ASIC told the Senate Inquiry that it was happy with the CBA's compensation process, testifying that it was “fair and robust”.
That view is now untenable, given that the CBA itself has re-opened compensation.
The Report concludes that “ASIC has shown that it is reluctant to actively pursue misconduct within [the CBA]; rather, it appears to accept the information and assurances the CBA provides without question. The committee is also strongly of the view that the CBA's credibility in the CFPL matter is so compromised that it should not be directly involved in future arrangements for investigating the misconduct or reviewing the compensation process.”
Do we need a Royal Commission into the Commonwealth Financial Planning scandal, and ASIC's handling of it? You bet we do.
ASIC has been asleep at the wheel for far too long. Even the CBA appears to be admitting that it misled the regulator, and that ASIC wasn't even aware it was being misled.
But that's not the view of Finance Minister Mathias Cormann.
Despite his government's pursuit of 20-year-old allegations about the involvement of AWU officials in the house renovations of Julia Gillard, he thinks a Royal Commission into the CBA is unnecessary.
To add insult to injury, he is pushing ahead with the government's plans to wreck Labor's Future of Financial Advice (FOFA) reforms.
One of the critical planks of the FOFA reforms was aimed at outlawing financial planners from receiving commissions for selling products to their clients – exactly the loophole that “Dodgy Don” Nguyen exploited.
As for the Commonwealth Bank, well, its boss Ian Narev told customers today that “I unreservedly apologise to all customers affected.”
Thanks Ian. Perhaps he should also have apologised to the Senate, which concludes that his bank continued to obfuscate and cover up in its testimony to the recent Inquiry.
Narev's sorrow shouldn't worry the bank's shareholders or executives overly. The CBA is rolling in cash. The bank made a whopping $4.2 billion profit for the second half of last year.
And what about ASIC? It has openly acknowledged it doesn't have the resources to carry out its regulatory responsibilities.
After $120 million in funding was cut in Joe Hockey's budget, the agency has announced it will scale back its surveillance activities.
It's a good time to be a corporate criminal in Australia.
Quest for Glory III - Wages of War
Ah, another quality adventure game from Sierra! This is the third chapter in the ever interesting Quest for Glory series.
Here the Hero finds himself in the land of Tarna! A world very similar to Africa… with a few monsters and lion/humanoid creatures, not to mention ferocious shape-changers that change from leopards to humans much like werewolves. In this game you're left with the task of preventing civil war between the two factions blaming each other for the theft of each of their own ancient artifacts.
The Simbani have lost their ancient spear and blame the Leopard men, while the Leopard men blame the Simbani for the theft of their ancient drum. With war soon to break out, both tribes look to the proud Liontaurs for aid. With Rakeesh, who also appear in Quest for Glory 2: Trial by Fire, as well as Uhara, the hero must yet again set right to wrong in this priceless game.
This game uses the same system as Quest for Glory 1: So You Want To Be a Hero? VGA mixing role-playing and adventure games into one solid game-play interface. Again you are given the option of what “Class” you want to play, whether it be Magic-User, Fighter, or Thief. The graphics are great on this game, as well as the puzzles. Some of the puzzles do get tricky, but as I recall none of them were too complicated. Also, be for warned, there are many Easter eggs, as I recall one being Laurel and Hardy lost in the Desert.
In closing, this is a great game that definitely deserves a spot on all the fans of adventure games shelves. It's witty, it's heroic, it's got hours of fun puzzles, including a version of the very old game Mancala, and overall it is possibly one of the best games produced by Sierra On-Line. Enjoy!
Part of the Quest for Glory Series
that_shaman's tooltip builder
Hello everybody and welcome to the tooltip builder!
How to use this tool
Alter the tooltip's description or title by selecting it, and type away like there's no tomorrow.
Drag an icon from the left into the highlighted area to add a status effects.
Rearrange status effects by dragging their icons up or down.
To remove a status effect from your tooltip, double click its icon or drag it outside the tooltip.
Once you're done press " download " (Firefox and Chrome only) or " view " to save your custom tooltip as an image!
" (Firefox and Chrome only) or " " to save your custom tooltip as an image! Errors mayes fn hanppcurr. Have fun!
Contact
that_shaman
Tooltip builder 2015-2018 by that_shaman. Uses jQuery, jQuery UI, html2canvas, autosize.
ArenaNet copyright notice: © 2015 ArenaNet, LLC. All rights reserved. NCSOFT, the interlocking NC logo, ArenaNet, Guild Wars, Guild Wars Factions, Guild Wars Nightfall, Guild Wars: Eye of the North, Guild Wars 2, and all associated logos and designs are trademarks or registered trademarks of NCSOFT Corporation. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
This website is in no way affiliated with ArenaNet, LLC. - NCSOFT or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries.
PROVIDENCE, Rhode Island (Reuters) - Rhode Island's governor on Saturday signed into law a controversial bill legalizing same sex civil unions, but said it does not go far enough toward legalizing gay marriage.
Newly elected Rhode Island Governor Lincoln Chafee (C) speaks to the media between other Governors-elect Dan Malloy of Connecticut (L) and Peter Shumlin of Vermont outside the West Wing of the White House in Washington, December 2, 2010, following their meeting at Blair House with U.S. President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden. REUTERS/Jason Reed
Governor Lincoln Chafee, an independent who supports gay marriage, nonetheless signed the measure with the promise that it would move Rhode Island closer to the ultimate goal of legalizing gay marriage.
Chafee had urged the General Assembly to consider same-sex marriage this legislative session. But some legislators felt it would be doomed in a state populated by many elderly and Catholic voters, and a civil unions bill was passed instead.
Rhode Island is the second state to act on gay unions just before state legislatures adjourned for the summer. New York lawmakers a week ago voted to legalize gay marriage, making it the most populous state to allow gay nuptials.
Chafee said he signed the civil unions bill with “reservations” because it “brings tangible rights and benefits to thousands of Rhode Islanders. It also provides a foundation from which we will continue to fight for full marriage equality.”
He had two major criticisms of the civil union bill: that it failed to provide full marriage equality to same-sex couples and that it allowed religious entities to choose to not recognize civil unions.
Describing the proposal that passed the tiny New England state's Senate this week as “a step forward,” he said it did not fully achieve its goals of giving same gender pairs the same rights, benefits, protections and responsibilities as married couples.
The new law includes a section that says no religious organization — including some hospitals, cemeteries, schools and community centers — or its employees may be required to treat as valid any civil union, providing a religious exemption “of unparalleled and alarming scope,” Chafee said in a statement.
As a result, a civil union spouse could be denied the right to make medical decisions for his or her partner, access to health insurance benefits, property rights in adjoining burial plots or family memberships at some community centers. That could cause partners significant harm at critical moments in their lives, the governor said.
“This extraordinary exemption eviscerates the important rights that enacting a civil union law was meant to guarantee for same-sex couples in the first place,” Chafee said.
The legislation, sponsored by Democratic state Representative Peter Petrarca, essentially grants legal rights to same-gender partners without the historical and religious meaning associated with the word marriage, according to the Rhode Island General Assembly.
Gay advocacy groups supported some aspects of Rhode Island's civil unions bill but largely shared the same objections as the governor.
Opposed to it altogether is the National Organization for Marriage's Rhode Island chapter. The group said same-sex civil unions threaten the concept of one man-one woman marriage and the bill does not go far enough in protecting the religious liberties of businesses and individuals.
Rhode Island and Maine have not joined their four New England neighbors - Massachusetts, Vermont, New Hampshire and Connecticut — in legalizing same-sex nuptials. Same-sex marriage is also now legal in Iowa, the District of Columbia and, most recently, New York, but it remains banned in 39 states.
Civil unions were approved in Delaware, Hawaii, Illinois and New Jersey.
Today, the International Fund for Animal Welfare released our report Criminal Nature: The Global Security Implications of the Illegal Wildlife Trade, in order to highlight how the poaching epidemic has serious ramifications not just for endangered species, but also for nations and communities around the world.
At $19 billion per year, the illegal wildlife trade ranks as the fourth most lucrative criminal activity internationally, behind only narcotics, counterfeiting, and human trafficking.
It includes everything from the slaughter of elephants for their ivory, to the sale of great apes and exotic birds as pets, to caviar, decorative tiger pelts, and rhinoceros horns used for carvings and traditional medicines. Whatever the end product, the results for animals are tragic and are leading to widespread population declines of many endangered species.
Anyone who has seen the fallen carcass of a once-majestic elephant, tusks hacked off, can attest to the fact that poaching is cruel commerce. Worse, it is driven by some of our basest impulses: the desire for status symbols and trophies.
Sadly, the prices for animal items are skyrocketing: ivory costs up to $1,000 per pound. Rhino horn is more valuable than gold or platinum. Pangolins (a small nocturnal, scaled anteater) can fetch $1,000 each.
Huge profits, combined with soft penalties for lawbreakers and lax enforcement, have created a perfect situation for organized crime to move in.
In Criminal Nature we detail how rebel and militia groups, criminal syndicates, and even terrorist organizations are using the lucrative black market for animal parts to finance their operations. The new generation of poachers often uses military equipment like AK-47 machine guns and even rocket launchers and helicopters, which enable them to slaughter animals at will—last year, poachers killed between 300-450 elephants in a matter of weeks in Cameroon's Bouba Ndjida National Park—and their activity puts wildlife officials in mortal danger, with at least 1,000 park rangers killed in 35 different countries over the last decade alone.
(Click here for a print-ready, high-resolution version.)
As I write, elephant populations stand at three percent of the historic numbers, and rhinos have dwindled to around 26,000 in Africa—down from a half million at the turn of the twentieth century.
Big cats and other species face similar perils.
With such wide-reaching consequences for people and animals, we need our elected officials to rise to the challenge of combating the illegal wildlife trade now.
IFAW is working around the world on all links of the wildlife crime chain, and in the United States to encourage Congress and the Administration to lead the global community in its efforts to crack down on the criminals responsible for the devastation, making our world safer for people and the wildlife we love.
We hope that the report will be a valuable resource for decision makers at all levels of government—both in America and on other continents—as they weigh the options for combatting this horrific industry.
--BA
Find when your favorite TV shows — and their stars — will appear at the annual pop culture convention, set for July 20-23 in San Diego. Bookmark this page for the latest updates.
With Comic-Con quickly approaching, The Hollywood Reporter's Live Feed has compiled a look at the TV fare heading to the July 20-23 event at the Convention Center in San Diego.
This page has been updated with SDCC's official lineups from Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
THURSDAY, JULY 20
Teen Titans Go (Cartoon Network) 10-11 a.m., Room 6A.
Voltron Legendary Defender (Netflix) 10:30-11:30 a.m., Room 6BCF.
Unkitty (Cartoon Network) 11:15 a.m.-12:15 p.m., Room 6A.
Stitchers (Freeform) Noon-1 p.m., Indigo Ballroom.
Shadowhunters (Freeform) 1-2 p.m., Indigo Ballroom.
Justice League Action (Cartoon Network) 12:30-1:30 p.m., Room 6A.
The Great Debate (Syfy) 1:15-2:15 p.m., Ballroom 20.
Teen Wolf (MTV) 2-3 p.m., Hall H.
Stan Against Evil (IFC) 2-3 p.m., Room 5AB.
Colony (USA Network) 2-3 p.m., Indigo Ballroom.
Battlestar Galactica reunion (Syfy) 2:30-3:30 p.m., Ballroom 20.
Van Helsing (Syfy) 3-3:45 p.m., Indigo Ballroom.
Robert Kirkman in conversation (AMC/Skybound) 3-4 p.m., Room 6A.
Timeless (NBC) 3:30-4:30 p.m., Room 6BCF.
The Strain (FX) 3:45-4:45 p.m., Ballroom 20.
Z Nation (Syfy) 4-5 p.m., Indigo Ballroom.
Ghosted (Fox) 4:45-5:45 p.m., Room 6BCF.
Legion (FX) 5-6 p.m., Ballroom 20.
The Exorcist (Fox) 6-7 p.m., Room 6BCF.
The Inhumans (ABC) 6:15-7:15 p.m., Ballroom 20.
American Dad/animation preview (TBS) 7-8 p.m., Room 7AB.
12 Monkeys (Syfy) 7:15-8:15 p.m., Room 6BCF.
Dark Matter (Syfy) 8:15-9:15 p.m., Room 6DE.
Rocko's Modern Life (Nickelodeon) 1:45-2:45 p.m., Room 6A.
FRIDAY, JULY 21
The Big Bang Theory (CBS) 10-11 a.m., Hall H.
Psych (USA Network) 10-11 a.m., Ballroom 20.
Young Justice (WB Digital) 10-11 a.m., Room 6BCF.
iZombie (CW) 11:15 a.m.-12:15 p.m., Ballroom 20.
Fear the Walking Dead (AMC) 11:15-12:15 p.m., Hall H.
The Walking Dead (AMC) 12:15-1:15 p.m., Hall H.
Buddy Thunderstruck (Netflix) 12:30-1:30 p.m., Room 24ABC.
The 100 (CW) 12:30-1:30 p.m., Ballroom 20.
Rick and Morty (Adult Swim) 1:15-2 p.m., Indigo Ballroom.
Game of Thrones (HBO) 1:30-2:30 p.m., Hall H.
Robot Chicken (Adult Swim) 2:15-3 p.m., Indigo Ballroom.
Twin Peaks (Showtime) 2:45-3:45 p.m., Hall H.
Mike Tyson Mysteries (Adult Swim) 3:15-4 p.m., Indigo Ballroom.
DuckTales (Disney XD) 3:30-4:30 p.m., Room 6A.
The Gifted (Fox) 3:45-4:45 p.m., Ballroom 20.
Preacher (AMC) 4-5 p.m., Hall H.
Bob's Burgers (Fox) 4:15-5:05 p.m., Indigo Ballroom.
The Tick (Amazon) 4:45-5:45 p.m., Room 6A.
Outlander (Starz) 5-6:30 p.m., Ballroom 20.
The Defenders (Netflix) 5:15-6:15 p.m., Hall H.
Archer (FX) 5:15-6:05 p.m., Indigo Ballroom.
Vikings (History) 5:45-6:45 p.m., Room 6BCF.
People of Earth (TBS) 6-7 p.m., Room 6A.
Sharknado 5 (Syfy) 6:45-7:45 p.m., Room 6DE.
Hey Arnold (Nickelodeon) 11:45 a.m.-12:45 p.m., Room 6A.
Tales of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (Nickelodeon) 1-2 p.m., Room 6A.
SATURDAY, JULY 22
Once Upon a Time (ABC) 10-10:45 a.m., Ballroom 20.
Riverdale (CW) 11-11:45 p.m., Ballroom 20.
The Simpsons (Fox) Noon-12:45 p.m., Ballroom 20.
Salvation (CBS) Noon-1 p.m., Room 7AB.
Marvel animation (various) 12:30-1:30 p.m., Room 6A.
The Originals (CW) Noon-1 p.m., Indigo Ballroom.
Krypton (Syfy) 1:15-1:45 p.m., Indigo Ballroom.
Family Guy and American Dad (Fox/TBS) 1-2:15 p.m., Ballroom 20.
Lucifer (Fox) 1:50-2:50 p.m., Indigo Ballroom.
Star Trek Discovery (CBS All Access) 2:30-3:15 p.m., Ballroom 20.
Wynonna Earp (Syfy) 2:30-3:30 p.m., Room 5AB.
Happy (Syfy) 2:45-3:45 p.m., Room 6BCF.
Gotham (Fox) 2:50-3:50 p.m., Indigo Ballroom.
Mystery Science Theater 3000: The Return (Netflix) 3-4 p.m., Horton Grand Theater (off-site)
Stranger Things (Netflix) 3-4 p.m., Hall H.
Supergirl (CW) 3:30-4:10 p.m., Ballroom 20.
The Magicians (Syfy) 4-4:50 p.m., Indigo Ballroom.
Legends of Tomorrow (CW) 4:10-4:50 p.m., Ballroom 20.
Westworld (HBO) 4:15-5:15 p.m., Hall H.
The Orville (Fox) 4:15-5:15 p.m., Room 6A.
Robert Kirkman's Secret History of Comics (AMC) 4:45-5:45 p.m, Room 6DE.
Black Lightning (CW) 4:50-5:10, Ballroom 20.
The Expanse (Syfy) 5-5:50 p.m., Indigo Ballroom.
The Flash (CW) 5:10-5:50 p.m., Ballroom 20.
Ghost Wars (Syfy) 5:30-6:30 p.m., Room 6DE.
Arrow (CW) 5:50-6:30 p.m., Ballroom 20.
The Guild 10th anniversary reunion 6-6:50 p.m., Indigo Ballroom.
Future Man (Hulu) 6:30-7:30 p.m., Room 6BCF.
Broad City (Comedy Central) 7-8 p.m., Indigo Ballroom.
SpongeBob SquarePants (Nickelodeon) 11:15 a.m.-12:15 p.m., Room 6A.
Midnight Texas (NBC) 4-5:15 p.m., Room 6BCF.
SUNDAY, JULY 23
Marvel animation: Spider-Man (Disney XD) 10:15-11:15 a.m., Room 6A.
Supernatural (CW) 10:30-11:30 a.m., Hall H.
The Last Ship (TNT) 11:45 a.m.-12:45 p.m., Hall H.
Danger & Eggs (Amazon) 1-2 p.m., Room 24ABC.
Niko and the Sword of Light (Amazon) 2-3 p.m., Room 24ABC.
Mr. Mercedes (Audience Network) 1:30-2:30 p.m., location TBD.
Doctor Who (BBC America) 2-3 p.m, Hall H.
Dirk Gentley (BBC America) 1-2 p.m., Hall H.
German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier looks on during a news conference in Rome, Italy, October 12, 2016. REUTERS/Max Rossi
BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany's foreign minister said on Wednesday that he and his French counterpart had invited the foreign ministers of Russia and Ukraine to meet in Minsk next week in another push to revive peace talks on the crisis in eastern Ukraine.
Frank-Walter Steinmeier said he hoped the meeting would take place next Tuesday, weeks before U.S. President-elect Donald Trump is due to take office.
“Even if we don't manage to find the big solution for the crisis, talks like these are simply necessary to make sure the situation doesn't get out of control,” Steinmeier told the Bundestag lower house of parliament.
It is unclear yet how Trump, who is aiming for better U.S. ties with Russia, will handle the Ukraine crisis.
Kate McKinnon is adding another famed character to her canon.
The Saturday Night Live star has been tapped to voice Ms. Frizzle in Netflix's upcoming Magic School Bus reboot, it was announced Wednesday.
Magic School Bus Rides Again will feature a modernized Ms. Frizzle and her class along with an inventive high-tech bus. The series also will highlight the latest tech innovations such as robotics, wearables and camera technology — just as in the original PBS show — to encourage children's interest in science.
Scholastic Media president Deborah Forte (Clifford the Big Red Dog, Goosebumps) serves as executive producer on the new project, with director Chris Gilligan (Ice Age: The Meltdown, James and the Giant Peach) also onboard. Formerly titled Magic School 360, the reboot was first greenlighted in 2014 with an order for 26 half-hour episodes.
McKinnon steps into the voice role formerly occupied by Lily Tomlin (who currently stars on Netflix's live-action comedy Grace and Frankie). Tomlin voiced Ms. Frizzle for the original animated series' entire 52-episode run. Based on the series of books of the same name by Joanna Cole, the first Magic School Bus series premiered on PBS in 1994 and ran through 1998, continuing to air in repeats for years after.
A castmember of Saturday Night Live since 2012, McKinnon won her first Emmy for her work on the NBC show in September. Over the years, the comedian has become known for her impersonations of Hillary Clinton and Ellen DeGeneres, among many others. Her film credits include Ghostbusters and Office Christmas Party, in addition to her other recent voice work in Finding Dory and The Angry Birds Movie.
There seems to be some debate as to whether or not those fans are human or not. They're certainly not apes, apes have more sense. Sheep some call them, but even sheep have more sense than that, and produce wool so they're good for something. Thes Bieberites aren't good for anything, so far as anyone knows yet. They don't generally earn the money they spend, so they have no idea of it's worth. I think they must be alien mutants that went awry. It's a theory, anyway, something about mixing the species with humans but it caused them to have extremely limited brain function, so they're neither alien nor human. They're almost always female, we think, though it's hard to tell since they don't have any of the features of a woman, their high pitched voices and tendency to scream a lot is the only clue to their gender. Perhaps Beiber is one of the few males of that particular sub species, so they're all clamoring for his attentions? I don't know. As to their appearance, they tend to look like very young human girls, though they dress and act strangely due to their limited brain function. No IQ tests yet devised can measure a negative number for an IQ, so no IQ measurements exist for the species. Safe to say they show no intelligence at all. They'll pay high prices and wait in lines for hours just for a look at this thing called Bieber. That demonstrates this complete lack of intelligence. It's not yet known whether or not they breed as a sub species, or are only the offspring of the alien/human experiment gone horribly wrong. There are so many, perhaps it's a cloning machine gone nuts? Making physical facsimiles of young human females but the machine is not creating a full brain? I don't know, that's another working theory yet to be proven. What's your theory? Perhaps they are completely new species with human characteristics that have arisen from some polluted lake or nuclear disaster zone?
tootall1121 · 5 years ago 2 Thumbs up 1 Thumbs down Report Abuse
In automation we trust: senior thesis project examines concept of over-trusting robotic systems
By Adam Zewe
Hollywood is to be believed, there are two kinds of robots, the friendly and helpful BB-8s, and the sinister and deadly T-1000s. Few would suggest that “Star Wars: the Force Awakens” or “Terminator 2: Judgment Day” are scientifically accurate, but the two popular films beg the question, “Do humans place too much trust in robots?”
The answer to that question is as complex and multifaceted as robots themselves, according to the work of Harvard senior Serena Booth, a computer science concentrator at the John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences. For her senior thesis project, she examined the concept of over-trusting robotic systems by conducting a human-robot interaction study on the Harvard campus. Booth, who was advised by Radhika Nagpal, Fred Kavli Professor of Computer Science, received the Hoopes Prize, a prestigious annual award presented to Harvard College undergraduates for outstanding scholarly research.
During her month-long study, Booth placed a wheeled robot outside several Harvard residence houses. While she controlled the machine remotely and watched its interactions unfold through a camera, the robot approached individuals and groups of students and asked to be let into the keycard-access dorm buildings.
When the robot approached lone individuals, they helped it enter the building in 19 percent of trials. When Booth placed the robot inside the building, and it approached individuals asking to be let outside, they complied with its request 40 percent of the time. Her results indicate that people may feel safety in numbers when interacting with robots, since the machine gained access to the building in 71 percent of cases when it approached groups.
“People were a little bit more likely to let the robot outside than inside, but it wasn't statistically significant,” Booth said. “That was interesting, because I thought people would perceive the robot as a security threat.”
In fact, only one of the 108 study participants stopped to ask the robot if it had card access to the building.
But the human-robot interactions took on a decidedly friendlier character when Booth disguised the robot as a cookie-delivering agent of a fictional startup, “RobotGrub.” When approached by the cookie-delivery robot, individuals let it into the building 76 percent of the time.
“Everyone loved the robot when it was delivering cookies,” she said.
Whether they were enamored with the knee-high robot or terrified of it, people displayed a wide range of reactions during Booth's 72 experimental trials. One individual, startled when the robot spoke, ran away and called security, while another gave the robot a wide berth, ignored its request, and entered the building through a different door.
Booth had thought individuals who perceived the robot to be dangerous wouldn't let it inside, but after conducting follow-up interviews, she found that those who felt threatened by the robot were just as likely to help it enter the building.
“Another interesting result was that a lot of people stopped to take pictures of the robot,” she said. “In fact, in the follow-up interviews, one of the participants admitted that the reason she let it inside the building was for the Snapchat video.”
While Booth's robot was harmless, she is troubled that only one person stopped to consider whether the machine was authorized to enter the dormitory. If the robot had been dangerous—a robotic bomb, for example—the effects of helping it enter the building could have been disastrous, she said.
A self-described robot enthusiast, Booth is excited about the many different ways robots could potentially benefit society, but she cautions that people must be careful not to put blind faith in the motivations and abilities of the machines.
“I'm worried that the results of this study indicate that we trust robots too much,” she said. “We are putting ourselves in a position where, as we allow robots to become more integrated into society, we could be setting ourselves up for some really bad outcomes.”
After sitting on the case for months, Judge Rosemary Collyer of the U.S. District Court for Washington, D.C. this morning shut down a legal challenge by Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson and presumptive Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein to be included in this fall's presidential debates. In denying the plaintiffs' appeal to the Commission on Presidential Debates' motion to dismiss, Collyer ruled that Johnson and Stein have no standing to make antitrust and First Amendment challenges to the CPD's rules (which require a third-party candidate to average 15 percent support in five national polls in the run-up to debates), because the "Defendants here are private parties."
Johnson and Stein had sought to change the qualifying standard for debate inclusion to be getting on enough state ballots to have a mathematical possibility of winning the election—an arduous task on its own, as anyone who has worked in third-party ballot access can tell you. Since getting into the presidential debates has been the linchpin of Johnson's campaign strategy, today's news certainly comes as a kick in the teeth. "It's the most important political litigation in the last 50 years," Judge Jim Gray, the 2012 L.P. vice presidential nominee and 2016 honorary chairman of the Gary Johnson-affiliated Our America Initiative (which is driving the lawsuit), told me three weeks ago.
Judge Collyer clearly did not see it that way, writing with a barely concealed sneer:
Plaintiffs in this case have not alleged a non-speculative injury traceable to the Commission….Plaintiffs' alleged injuries are wholly speculative and are dependent entirely on media coverage decisions. The alleged injuries––failure to receive media coverage and to garner votes, federal matching funds, and campaign contributions—were caused by the lack of popular support of the candidates and their parties sufficient to attract media attention. It is obvious that Defendants did not cause Plaintiffs' alleged harms[.]
The lawsuit, which was based on events from 2012 (when Johnson wound up with 0.99 percent of the popular vote, Stein with 0.36 percent), is arguably much more germane in 2016, when Johnson is currently polling at around 9 percent and Stein at 4 percent, and the two major-party nominees are historically disliked. When a Libertarian Party ticket allows CNN to win the evening's demo ratings on cable news, something different is in the water. But the question now moves mainly (though not yet totally!) to the realm of public pressure, not legal action.
Reason will have more reaction and analysis in this space later.
This article is over 3 years old
The premier, Daniel Andrews, denies allegations that are reported to involve at least a dozen upper house MPs and several hundred thousand dollars
Victoria's parliamentary speakers will decide whether Labor should be investigated over claims it misused public money during its successful election campaign last year.
The Herald Sun reported three unnamed Labor MPs and a senior party official said they were told to divert part of their taxpayer-funded allowances for electorate offices for party campaigning.
This move is said to have involved at least a dozen upper house MPs and several hundred thousand dollars. Daniel Andrews, Victoria's premier, has denied the allegations and insisted the rules were followed.
Premier Daniel Andrews and his Victorian Labor ministry sworn in Read more
Under Victorian parliament rules, publicly funded electorate staff are not supposed to be involved in party political activities.
Andrews told parliament that “staff pooling” arrangements have been used by all sides of politics for many years. The Liberal opposition insists the practice was scrapped in 2006.
The president of the upper house, Bruce Atkinson, said he and the lower house Speaker, Telmo Languiller, will look at the allegations to determine if an investigation is needed.
“The parliament does not fund positions to support the members' political or party duties. Those rules have been in place for a long time,” said Matthew Guy, leader of the Victorian Liberals.
“Every other party follows them, why doesn't the government?
“You cannot have a situation where the premier tried to pass off as a normal practice, a standard practice, a clear breaching of the rules.”
Guy said the opposition might refer the matter to Victoria's corruption commission.
Andrews said: “I make no apology for a team of people, a tiny number of whom were employed to support their member of parliament.
“They were vastly outnumbered by thousands of volunteers who were not paid, working as hard as possible to get rid of one of the worst governments this state has ever seen.”
More than 8,000 identity records are compromised online every minute: RSA
Cyber crime and identity theft is a booming industry. People are stealing your information and spending your money. Now, just after one of history's biggest data hacks in America, you need to start preparing and protecting your information.
Hackers are a creative lot, especially when it comes to those that make a living out of stealing and selling the information of others. But this isn't just a hobby a few shady computer nerds have, this is a thriving economic industry with a million dollar marketplaces, its own language and its own industry practices and ‘how-to's'. Welcome to the dark world of identity theft and cyber crime.
Why would people be attracted to this type of life? Why would they hunt for information on my date of birth or where I lived? Information is valuable. Especially when it can lead to a number of untraceable crimes such as credit card stealing, stealing identities and moving your money into untraceable accounts. What other job could a young teen do from his home to secure $5000 in a week?
If you believe security agencies are developing their ways to defend against attacks and protect your personal information you are dead wrong. Hackers and everyday dark web entrepreneurs are making a living out of sharpening their skills and exposing huge backdoors in the systems of your computer, your banks, financial institutions and some of the world's biggest financial data holders.
Don't believe me? One of America's largest credit reporting agencies, Equifax, was hit recently by hackers in what has been one of the biggest data breaches in history. And what do they get out of this? The information is the same as a thief stealing your wallet on the street, only you don't get to see the face of this thief and he gets access to more than just your wallet.
Out of the Equifax breach, hackers were able to secure names, addresses, birth dates, social security numbers, drivers license details and the credit card numbers of 143 million Americans. That's everything someone would need to call up a bank, verify your identity and change details, or to make some small online purchases or to open an account in your name.
You need to start preparing against identity theft
Prepping is all about keeping a level of preparedness to deal with any circumstance that you are likely to come across. This means you should be prepping for something that may happen, which makes sense, right? But digital prepping against identity theft and cybersecurity breaches are just as important as prepping a food supply for a disaster because it is just as likely to happen, if not more considering 8,000 identity records are compromised online every minute.
The problem is, these thieves have a very easy market. Sure, if you want to defend your home some people might buy a gun, install an alarm system or get a dog. That would stop anyone from breaking in and walking out with your television set.
But while everyone is arming themselves against what was once a robber who would break through your window, they are failing to arm themselves against the intelligent thief. This thief can walk into your house while you are watching TV with your family, and take everything you own.
“This thief can walk into your house while you are watching TV with your family, and take everything you own.”
And now these thieves are striking in bulk. They are practically harvesting your wallets. We have seen some pretty significant breaches over the past two years, and it doesn't look like anyone is winning against these bad guys. This graphic below just goes to show how well they are at breaching the walls of some of the world's biggest companies:
These statistics on data breaches above might not seem like anything relevant to you. But they do expose a hole in your personal security in the manner that they involve email addresses, names, numbers and other data that I mentioned before that also came with the Equifax leak. With this data, it is easy for someone to sit on that information and track your movements until they have enough information to fulfil credit card purchases or to sell your information online.
What happens to your information after an identity theft?
Let's take a look at the Equifax scenario. We have a hacker, or a small team of them, that pokes and prods a wall until they find a small hole to break through. For Equifax, it was a tool designed to build web applications that had the security hole. One small security flaw and the thieves have access to the same information that is in the wallets and handbags of 143 million people.
Once they have secured that information, much like typical bank robbing movies, the thieves leave the scene, clear their tracks and sit on their pile of gold for quite some time. While some people are likely to change their passwords and credit cards, a lot of those identities will still stay ripe for the picking.
After waiting until the dust settles, profit-hungry thieves will resell that credit card and identity information on dark web marketplaces under anonymous usernames. They will only leak sales one bit at a time as they are aware that law enforcement and cyber crime investigators will be watching for any traces of Equifax identity theft accounts. All of this will take place through bitcoin or other crypto transactions and the thieves will most likely use a number of ‘washing' mechanisms to ensure their payment remains untraceable.
Effectively, they have just taken your wallet and sold it to the highest bidder without you even knowing and all by the comfort of their couch while eating takeaway pizza.
So how much will they make out of your details? Onselling bulk amounts stolen credit card information is quite profitable. For a dark web entrepreneur, the prices for this information can vary, such as:
VISA and Mastercard credit cards can go upwards of $15
VISA premium can go upwards of $28
US Email accounts (that have regular personal traffic) $130 per account
US Social media accounts $130+ per account
Corporate email accounts $460+ per mailbox
Here's a market view on just how easy it is to purchase these details.
Using this information is very simple for the purchasing thieves. For instance, Equifax executives already have the passwords to their accounts on sale on the dark web. This means that with simple access to their email account, they can access social sites such as LinkedIn and find other co-workers who may be good targets for future hacks. All it takes is a simple email to a work friend with an attachment to upload a method for a hacker to track every key typed and every movement made on that computer.
Before you know it, a hacker has just made access to volumes of passwords, emails and databases of employee and customer information. If hackers can do this to a company, imagine what a thief, armed with a ‘how-to' guide found on the dark web for free, can do to your finances and network of family, friends and coworkers.
Oh, and what about the guy that bought your credit card on the dark web for $15, what's he going to do with it? He might use it on Amazon to buy nike shoes that he can sell to neighbours or on local trading forums. That's easy money for him, just like this young guy in New Zealand making $5000 a week.
If you are like me, you don't want this happening.
How you can prepare against identity theft
Chances are, if you have a social account and more than one email address, you might have been breached already. Information is passed through social applications to an almost infinite amount of third-party applications without our knowledge. For every one of those third-party applications, our chance of having our information leaked is exponentially increased.
Here are some things you can do right now to ensure what you currently have is safe, and what you do in the future is safe.
1. Check to see if your email is compromised
A team affiliated with Microsoft, and keen on helping the online world with its safety, has created a website to ensure your email has not been compromised. This is the first step and running your email address through this site will let you know what affiliated breaches have occurred through your social and third-party applications.
Run your email through Have I Been Pwned? to check for any past breaches. You should also check the Equifax website to see what damage may have been done to your personal information
2. Get identity protection
Because your private information has been leaked or could be at risk, chances are you are very susceptible to identity theft. You can use protection from Identity Force, who also protects US Military and US Government employees from identity theft.
Identity Force monitors your information to detect whether it is being illegally sold or used and runs precaution programs to stop your information being leaked. They also have a $1 Million Identity Theft Insurance policy. I recommend checking out their free trial and seeing what they have to offer.
3. Change all of your passwords
If any of your online accounts have been compromised, you should be changing that account's password right away. If you are using the same account for any of your other accounts, you should probably be changing them as well.
According to some ‘good hackers', the best type of password is a full sentence that would only be known to you.
For instance, you could use something such as: “My #1 favourite thing in the world is my family”.
Of course, don't use that exact one.
4. Contact your financial institutions
If you have concerns that your identity and information is at risk, a quick chat with your bank would not hurt. They can put a closer watch on your bank account or credit card to search for any fraudulent transactions. If there is, most of them go through a very quick process of cancelling your card and issuing you with a new one immediately.
Take the steps to stop it from happening
Taking the steps to having effective monitoring systems in place with identity monitors such as Identity Force and even regular viewing of your transaction history, email accounts and social accounts can mean the difference between your details and financial information being breached.
There are also 8 simple safety steps that you can take online to stop any suspicious activity on your phone and computer which you should be following as a simple every day practice.
two types of cells, which were tagged with fluorescent dye, organized themselves into a functioning capillary networks within 72 hours.
Tissue engineers have come a long way in recent years, fabricating human tissue Lego blocks, artificial kidney cells, sight-restoring bio-synthetic corneas and more. But no one has figured out how to grow large amounts of transplantable tissue in the lab, because it's too difficult to keep it alive. Texas researchers may have an answer: Use a common laxative to grow some blood vessels.
Researchers from Rice University and Baylor College of Medicine grew a system of and capillaries on a nontoxic plastic matrix. They were able to control where cells grew in their plastic gel.
Previous attempts to grow blood vessels in artificial tissue have involved driving a nail into an electrically charged plastic block, which creates a feathery network of tubes that could become blood vessels or even nerve cells. Scientists can also construct the vessels themselves, but that's a painstakingly slow process.
This breakthrough is important because without a blood supply, it's impossible to grow a tissue structure thicker than a couple hundred microns, according to Jennifer West, chair of the bioengineering department at Rice. But tissue structures with a native blood supply could lead to new lab-grown tissue implants.
The new method involved polyethylene glycol, or PEG, a common ingredient in everything from laxatives and toothpaste to antifreeze and printer ink. The researchers modified PEG to resemble the body's extracellular matrix, basically the protein-sugar scaffold that makes up most tissue. They cultured some human umbilical cells and added growth factors derived from platelets, which would help promote blood vessel formation.
The team exposed their PEG to UV light, modifying it into a hydrogel, and then seeded it with the cells. They injected some fluorescent dye to watch what happened, and during 72 hours of filming, they watched their platelet plastic grow a series of tubules.
You can see the new vascular networks forming in this time-lapse video.
To test their new blood vessels, the team implanted the hydrogels onto mice corneas, which don't have any vessels. They injected a dye and confirmed new capillaries had grown, and that blood was flowing through them.
The researchers plan to follow up with a technique that uses light to create detailed 3-D patterns, and grow blood vessels in specific patterns, according to Rice.
[via PhysOrg]
(Grass)
(Food)
(Warp Star)
(Beam Sword)
(Lip's Stick)
(Star Rod)
(Fire Bar)
(Ray Gun)
(Fire Flower)
(Steel Diver)
(Smoke Ball)
(Pitfall)
(Mr. Saturn)
(Banana Peel)
(Boomerang)
(Killer Eye)
(Franklin Badge)
(Super Leaf) (Rocket Belt)
(Metal Box) (Lightning) (Bob-omb) (Gooey Bomb) (Smart Bomb) (Bombchu) (X Bomb) (Hocotate Bomb) (Deku Nut) (Green Shell) (Unira) (Soccer Ball) (POW Block) (Cucco) (Beehive) (Freezie) (Super Star) (Super Mushroom) (Poison Mushroom) (Motion-Sensor Bomb) (Sandbag)
(Assist Trophy) (Pokeball) (Masterball)
(Barrel) (Crate) (Capsule) (Rolling Crate) (Party Ball) (Blast Box)
(Maxim Tomato) (Heart Container) (Fairy Bottle)
(Hammer) (Golden Hammer) (Home-Run Bat) (Daybreak Parts) (Ore Club)
(Boss Galaga) (Spiny Shell)
(Dragoon Parts)
(Superspicy Curry)
(Timer)
(Gust Bellows)
(Hot Head)
(Bumper)
(Spring)
(Special Flag)
(Drill)
(Screw Attack)
(Bunny Hood)
(Bullet Bill)
(Back Shield)
(Super Scope)
(Smash Ball)
​
Police in northern India have arrested a baby girl's father and uncle for allegedly trying to bury her alive.
The two-month-old baby's father said he had been advised by a spiritual guru to bury her to help secure the good health of his next child, police allege.
Baby Radhika has acute malnutrition and is receiving treatment at a hospital in the town of Meerut in Uttar Pradesh state, 80km (50 miles) east of Delhi.
India has one of the highest female infant mortality rates in the world.
The Indian preference for boys has also led to a skewed sex ratio and campaigners say up to eight million female foetuses may have been aborted in the past decade.
Baby Radhika's life was saved on Wednesday in the Uttar Pradesh town of Pilkhua, not far from Meerut.
"The caretaker of the burial ground informed us that some people had brought a baby for burial, but she was crying," police officer BK Yadav told the BBC.
By the time the police reached the ground, Radhika's parents and uncle had already dug a pit, police say. The baby was wrapped in a cloth along with some religious symbols.
Police said they arrested the father and uncle, but let the mother go on "humanitarian grounds".
Mr Yadav said the mother was in hospital taking care of the baby girl.
Police have registered a case of attempted murder and conspiracy.
Real Madrid He was given task of marking him
After enjoying one of the most storied careers in Spanish football history, Xabi Alonso has eased into retirement, his time with Real Madrid marked an incredible era of Clasico's and the former midfielder recalls Jose Mourinho's plan to stop Lionel Messi.
Alonso was on the opposite side of the fence to Pep Guardiola for so long, that when the Spanish coach signed him for Bayern Munich, many were left stunned.
"Messi has done a lot of damage to me, me, Mourinho and Sergio Ramos talked about him a lot," he explained in an interview with Ecos del Balne.
"We only started to control Messi when I was marking him.
"We sacrificed positions for me to mark him, but once we controlled Messi the matches were even."
Despite the intense rivalry between the two teams at the time, there is a sense that each made the other better,
a notion that the former Liverpool midfielder subscribes to.
"The famous 5-0 made us change a lot of things," he admitted.
"At that time we weren't ready to compete, a year later we were.
"Barcelona were dominant, but by the end of 2011 we knew we could strike against anybody in four moves."
One of Alonso's major disappointments is not lifting the Premier League title with Liverpool.
The Reds had a fantastic opportunity to in 2009 but threw away their momentum with several poor results near the end of the season, the veteran simply feels the team lacked a specific player for a long, domestic campaign.
"We lacked that one special player," he admitted.
"We had an excellent squad but when it came to unlocking defences with flair, we just didn't have that player.
"In the Champions League though, we competed like our lives depended on it."
When he arrived in Bavaria in August 2014, the former Real Madrid midfielder was already 32 years old, yet he played until 2017.
Many believe it was Guardiola who gave him the conditions to extend his career and Alonso himself feels Bayern's style of play made football less physically demanding for him.
"At Bayern we played in the opponents' half for 90 minutes," he confirmed.
"I didn't have to cover that much distance and I held my position.
"This was incredible for me and I actually learnt a lot."
Collecting debt is a dirty business which is why The Federal Government turns it over to the private sector. Meet one of the biggest players in the industry, law firm Linebarger Goggan Blair & Sampson. It has worked for small-town school districts, the city of New York and at one point, the largest tax collector in the country: the Internal Revenue Service. As CNN reports, based in Texas, Linebarger works for 2,300 clients nationwide and collects $1 billion for its clients each year. But the collection system is far from perfect, leading to some nightmare scenarios. Despite decades of scandals over the way the firm gets business (and even jail time for one of its top executives) Linebarger still lands lucrative government contracts...
As CNN Money reports, Government agencies across the country are hiring private debt collectors to go after millions of Americans over unpaid taxes, ancient parking tickets and even $1 tolls...
It's a good deal for cash-strapped states, cities and other local governments. By outsourcing this dirty work and letting private companies charge debtors sky-high fees, government agencies can get these collection services free of charge. And it's a great deal for debt collectors. In an industry already known for bad behavior, debt collectors that work for government agencies usually don't have to work within the confines of consumer protection laws – opening the door for higher fees and even more aggressive tactics. Their government bosses can give them the power to threaten debtors with the suspension of their driver's license, garnishment of their wages, foreclosure and arrest to get them to pay up. State lawmakers have even passed laws allowing private collectors to charge debtors steep fees. In Florida, for example, fees can be as high as 40% on top of the total bill, which includes not only what they already owe, but interest and government penalties as well. In Texas, they can reach 30%. And in cases of unpaid toll violations, flat fees can effectively amount to more than 100%. As a result, small unpaid tolls can easily balloon into hundreds of dollars, once government penalties and collection fees are tacked on. "They keep figuring out ways to stack these fees up,” said Tai Vokins, a Kansas-based attorney and former assistant attorney general. “They're preying on the absolute poorest people." And this is all legal.
* * *
True Stories...
* * *
One of the biggest players in this industry is law firm Linebarger Goggan Blair & Sampson. Based in Texas, Linebarger works for 2,300 clients nationwide and collects $1 billion for its clients each year.
Despite decades of scandals and bad press surrounding the firm and its partners, Linebarger continues to wield widespread political influence and rake in new million-dollar contracts.
The scandals date back to its early days, when firm partners became infamous for using political connections to win contracts and change laws. Past controversies ranged from allegations of illegal loans to public officials to inappropriately influencing lawmakers, including a controversial Mexican getaway with a Texas Speaker of the House that reportedly involved a topless dancer. Some critics thought the firm could even face extinction in 2002 after a major partner, Juan Pena, was indicted on charges that he bribed two city councilmen with more than $10,000. Pena eventually pleaded guilty to bribery charges, lost his law license and was sentenced to 30 months behind bars. He did not respond to requests for comment. Yet the scandals have continued. Take Chicago, for example, where Linebarger's contract was terminated in 2008 because the firm had paid for the trip of a top city official. The bad blood didn't last long though, with the city hiring it again in the same year. "The incident ... was embarrassing to say the least, but we worked very hard to earn another chance to represent the City," said Vallandingham. Meanwhile in Memphis, attorneys in a class-action lawsuit challenging the firm's fees questioned Linebarger's payment of millions of dollars to a local attorney who helped it win the city contract to collect taxes. After the lawsuit was filed, Memphis ended its relationship with the firm. And in Texas, a partner was indicted in 2012 for covering up donations to a local elected official and his case remains ongoing. More recently, two Linebarger consultants have been at the center of alleged bribery schemes -- one of which is heading to trial and another that is still under investigation. Linebarger says the firm itself has never been charged with committing a crime and the actions of a few individuals aren't representative of its overall business practices. But one former Linebarger partner, who asked to remain anonymous, said some of the firm's tactics for getting contracts made him uncomfortable and didn't always "pass the smell test."
So how does Linebarger keep getting new business?
The firm touts its longstanding work in the field saying: "we are hired and rehired because we are good at what we do." ... But others say it's all about the money. Linebarger spends millions on campaigns and lobbying efforts across the country. And it pays big bucks to influential current Texas public officials by putting them on its payroll -- a surprising but legal practice. "They've discovered a niche that they can monopolize through political manipulation," said Byron Schlomach, a former fellow at the Texas Public Policy Foundation. "And they've become very good at it."
* * *
Linebarger's reach is growing...
Linebarger says it undertakes all of its political activities with "strict adherence to the law." ... "The way you get access is you contribute to political campaigns, you go to fundraisers ... You make friends with these people," he said.
But even if all of the politicians and government agencies end their love affair with Linebarger, there are other private collectors that would be happy to take its place. What is really needed, consumer advocates say, is an end to the special treatment given to government debt collectors.
Until then, millions of Americans are left facing ominous threats and steep fees each year. "They're bottom feeders; that's what they are," said Tom, the Oklahoma tax attorney. "The problem is they're bottom feeders with the power of the government behind them."
* * *
Chris Williamson backs proposal to allow fewer MPs to endorse candidate but says it would be better to remove threshold
MPs should have no say over who leads Labour, argues shadow minister
Labour members should be free to choose their next leader without needing the permission of MPs, the shadow fire minister Chris Williamson has said, arguing that those who oppose changing the rules are frightened of democracy.
Williamson, a strong supporter of Jeremy Corbyn, said it was looking “very, very positive” for changes to be passed at the party's autumn conference next month to ensure candidates for the Labour leadership need only the support of 5% of MPs and MEPs instead of the current threshold of 15%.
The rule change is referred to by critics as the McDonnell amendment as it would make it easier for John McDonnell, the shadow chancellor, or another candidate from the left to succeed Corbyn when the time comes.
It has not been proposed by McDonnell but has been named for him because a lack of support among MPs frustrated his possible runs for the leadership in 2007 and 2010.
Corbyn won the support of 35 MPs to become a candidate in 2015 but the amendment would mean candidates need the support of only 13 Labour MPs next time.
Williamson said he backed the rule change but he would prefer a situation where Labour members could pick their leader without needing the permission of any MPs.
“There shouldn't be a leadership threshold at all,” he said. “That needs to change. Who are the PLP [parliamentary Labour party]? They are a tiny percentage of the party.
“If we're going to have a threshold, it should be CLPs [constituency Labour parties]. But that's not the proposition. The proposition is to reduce the threshold. I'll settle for that. Why are people so frightened of democracy?”
The decision over whether to pass the McDonnell amendment will be one of the big battles of the party conference in September, with both its supporters and opponents organising hard to get their delegates selected to attend and vote.
McDonnell said last week there was now “less of a sense of urgency” around amending the rules but there was still some demand for change and there may be scope for a compromise if it was pushed at conference.
Williamson said he believed Unite, Labour's biggest union backer, would “go with it”, along with some other unions and an overwhelming number of constituencies. “It's difficult to predict but it's looking very, very positive,” he said.
Williamson, who recently caused controversy by suggesting women-only train carriages could have “some merit”, has been one of the fiercest critics of Corbyn-sceptic MPs since he was reelected in Derby North in June, having lost his seat in 2010. He has previously called for a return to mandatory reselection, and he said he still believed this was “crucial”.
“Members deserve the right to be able to select their Member of Parliament. It will strengthen and enhance the role of members of parliament,” he said.
On the possibility of centrist MPs splitting from the party to avoid deselection, he said: “If people want to go off and stand as independents or centrists around some Tony Blair party, let them go and see how far they get. I don't think it would hurt the
Labour party. If they are neoliberals, they shouldn't be with us.”
Williamson has been Corbyn's shadow fire minister since his return to parliament and has led calls from the frontbench for a wider inquiry into sociopolitical issues relating to the Grenfell fire.
“It's important we do find out how and why it started but there are deeper questions that relate to the political culture that allowed it to happen,” he said.
“It's a culture that has afflicted both Labour and Conservative governments, starting with Margaret Thatcher. That whole culture is built on deregulation, privatisation and cuts.”
He said politicians who had “foisted neoliberal brutality on this country” had contributed “directly to Grenfell Tower and these people have blood on their hands who have pushed this approach”.
“Because neoliberalism is underpinned by privatising and not fettering business, that has actually resulted in things like building control being subject to competition, which has meant the private sector coming in and cutting fees, and inevitably the quality has gone down,” Williamson said.
“You also have things like decisions about whether newbuilds are safe being done on a desktop.”
He said the arguments against neoliberal economics, privatisation and cuts had now been won in the party and across the country, as Labour was riding high in the polls.
“The demonisation of Jeremy and commonsense socialism did colour people's attitude at the election but, when you break it down, there is overwhelming support for the manifesto's policies,” he said.
“It's not a matter of left and right any more but right and wrong and this country's going in the wrong direction.”
Williamson said he expected Corbyn to face a further onslaught from his opponents before the next election but said he believed the public had begun to tune it out. He said rows over Corbyn's handling of antisemitism within Labour and his approach to Venezuela were “proxy wars and bullshit”.
“I'm not saying it never ever happens but it is a really dirty, lowdown trick, particularly the antisemitism smears. Many people in the Jewish community are appalled by what they see as the weaponisation of antisemitism for political ends.
“It is pretty repellent to use that to attack somebody like Jeremy Corbyn, who has spent his whole life fighting for social justice and standing up for the underdog.
“But I feel people have stopped listening to the smears and lies and dirty tricks. I think for all the talk about Venezuela and antisemitism, and the latest thing is sexism now, Jeremy's overwhelming landslide victories in the leadership elections and the general election mean people have stopped listening to the smears.”
Border Patrol agent, Chris Cabrera, told FoxNews on Thursday that border patrol agents are only apprehending about 30% of illegal border crossings. He also said nothing has been done to beef up border security since in light of warnings that there could be a mass migration to the United States should the Ebola outbreak reach Central America.
"We're looking at probably a 30 percent apprehension rate, and we need to get in front of this one [Ebola outbreak] where we're unfortunately, we're more reactive than proactive. And until that changes we'll be behind the curve on this one," Cabrera said.
Cabrera blamed the low apprehension rate on upper management's decision to reduce the number of agents in the field and instead task them with administrative duties.
"What needs to be done is we need to have our agents in the field where they belong, we need to stop cutting our manpower and stop cutting our hours and get our guys out there on the front line so that we can secure this border," he said. "At least from what we heard they don't seem too concerned about it. They think, they don't think anything's going to happen down here, and I hope they're right. However, I don't think they are. I think it's just a matter of time before we see the first one."
Federal law requires that the Department of Homeland Security achieve "operational control", defined as a 100% apprehension rate, across U.S. borders. Past reports have been varied, but for the most part, the apprehension rate has hovered at 50%. A government accountability report from 2011 found that Border Patrol apprehended about 64% of illegal border crossers. But radar surveillance over a 3-1/2-month period between October 2012 and January 2013 found that Border Patrol apprehended just under 50% of all illegal border crossers.
For more on this story, see Breitbart.com.
Researchers from University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center announced that they've made an important breakthrough in the treatment of depression. Their research was recently published in the scientific journal Molecular Psychiatry.
According to Medical News Today, "they have uncovered an important mechanism by which ghrelin -- a natural antidepressant hormone -- works inside the brain." Additionally they discovered a neuroprotective drug, which has the potential to be a powerful depression treatment.
Advertisement:
The researchers, including Dr. Jeffrey Zigman, an associate professor of internal medicine and psychiatry at UT Southwestern, looked at levels of gherlin in mice. Gherlin is known as the "hunger hormone," due to its role in arousing appetite. In 2008, Zigman found that when gherlin levels rose, due to prolonged stress or restricted caloric intake, it worked as a natural antidepressant.
Their latest study adds to those findings. According to Medical News Today:
"In this latest study, the researchers found that the hormone can trigger the formation of new neurons, known as neurogenesis, in the hippocampus - the brain region that regulates mood, memory and complex eating behaviors. Furthermore, they found that this process is imperative to reduce the severity of depression after prolonged stress exposure."
Next the researchers wanted to know if this antidepressant effect could be enhanced by another compound known as P7C3. Studies have shown that P7C3 can help people with Parkinson's or traumatic brain injury, but could it help people suffering from depression?
Researchers found that gherlin's neurogenesis properties were enhanced by P7C3, creating a strong antidepressant effect.
"By investigating the way the so-called 'hunger hormone' ghrelin works to limit the extent of depression following long-term exposure to stress, we discovered what could become a brand-new class of antidepressant drugs," Dr. Zingman said in a statement.
Thus far the study -- and potential treatments that could arise from it -- would only be applicable to depression associated with chronic stress, or other gherlin-resistant conditions. The team hopes to apply its findings to other forms of depression, and run clinical trials to see if P7C3 compounds can be used to treat patients with "major depressive disorder."
Advertisement:
h/t Medical News Today
Climate-change experts warned that technical innovations alone will not reverse the damage that has been done to the planet; governments around the world will have to re-imagine political and economic models completely, Reuters reported.
While measures like planting drought-resilient crops and building higher sea walls are important to take, the climate change problem "is more than a technical challenge," University of Oslo sociologist Karen O'Brien said at Paris climate change talks Wednesday.
The political and economic aspects of oil drilling, for example, clash with environmental needs – Ms. O'Brien said drilling rights in the Arctic are so desirable that the global competition could start a new cold war. At the same time, further depleting the planet's oil reserves could have climate effects leading to turmoil in the form of food insecurity.
O'Brien said it was up to people to put pressure on their governments to address these conflicts. "Small changes can make big differences, and individuals, especially when working together, can generate big social change," she said.
Still, reforming worldwide systems of politics and economics, however necessary, may sound vague and daunting. Shobhakar Dhakal of Thailand's Asian Institute of Technology, offered an approach that still focuses on a global scale, but may be more attainable.
Take Action: Tackling the issues that most impact the environment today
Mr. Dhakal put the onus of reversing the effects of climate change on large cities. By being conscious of city organization to make transportation more efficient, he told Reuters, cities can cut their carbon emissions significantly.
"Our ability to make deep cuts to global greenhouse gas emissions depends to a large extent on what kinds of cities and towns we build," Dhakal said.
The 2015 New Climate Economy report, released Wednesday, said cities are responsible for between 71 and 76 percent of the world's carbon emissions. One of the main culprits are cars, and research suggests reducing automobile use in cities may be more effective than building “green” homes and offices.
A study from 2007 using information from the Department of Transportation and the Transportation Energy Data Book found that for the average building, the energy used to travel to the building exceeded the energy used in the building itself by 30 percent.
Take Action: Tackling the issues that most impact the environment today
Roadways themselves can also be problematic, the study found. Since pavement is nonporous, water runoff from storms pollute nearby bodies of water. Pavement also absorbs heat, exacerbating already-rising temperatures.
Public transportation has always been hailed as a way to save energy, but Dhakal and others have said it should become a priority in city planning – building workplaces and services near public transit lines and within walking distances from homes could cut carbon emissions significantly.
An EPA-backed study in 2011 found households near public transit use less energy than energy-efficient suburban households.
“The most effective way to reduce energy consumption is to locate homes of all types in areas where households could replace some automobile use with transit use, leading to reductions of 39 to 50 percent in household energy use,” the report said.
However, the Paris conference emphasized that no single approach to combatting climate change will be enough on its own. Though modified urban planning is an important step, experts said, keeping the planet from warming a devastating 4 degrees Celsius by 2100, as is currently projected, will be more demanding.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Johan Rockstrom of the Stockholm Resilience Center said the world will have to rethink its high-emission way of conducting politics and economics.
"We need a new relationship between people and the planet," he said.
Dear France, America here. Hey, France, we're sorry about this nonsense that just happened.
Actually we're double sorry. Obviously, the ultimate cause here is the communist quisling government we inflicted on you in '45. The communists imported the Arabs; the Arabs did what they did. We regret having to state the obvious, but that's life under communism for you.
We're doing what we can about our own communists. Which isn't much right now. But why wait for us? Did Walesa wait for Solzhenitsyn? What, is Obama going to invade you? Like Brezhnev? Trust me, Obama is no Brezhnev.
Hey, France! Don't let a crisis go to waste! Here's another secret from America: always and everywhere, there's no gradual or relative victory for the Right. There's only absolute victory in one step. Catch the wave! You have to surf; you don't get to just paddle in. Catch any wave you can, or keep on dying.
The Left, whose mission is destruction, can take as long as it wants to tear down civilization. It can even tolerate brief remissions. It toys with nations like a cat with a mouse. But Right, whose mission is preservation, restoration, creation, must work coherently in a single step.
There's a kind of laser called a femtosecond laser. For one quadrillionth of a second, it's brighter than the sun. If you are acting politically on the basis of reason and reality, rather than instinct and emotion, you are not starting a fire; you are building a femtosecond laser.
The last chapter of Maistre's masterpiece explains the process of practical counterrevolution more or less perfectly. In theory, being French and not a barbarian, you have nothing to learn from us. But since your government is an American satellite state, we may know your enemy better than you know him.
Anyway, here's my simple manifesto for practical regime change. In an ideal world, a million Frenchmen meet in Paris and enforce these demands, basically now. It's not an ideal world and this won't happen — but shouldn't we know where we want to go?
———————
One: the Fifth Republic has failed and is terminated. All state authority is transferred to a New French State run by the military, under the supervision of Mme. Le Pen. All power to the National Front! There is no need to wait for an election. Did Lenin wait for an election?
Two: the Fourth and Fifth Republics are declared the Fifth and Sixth. The true Fourth is Vichy. All the totalitarian 20th-century regimes, the fascist (Fourth) German satellite and the Marxist (Fifth/Sixth) American satellite, are declared equally criminal and treasonous. Collaborating with London, Berlin, Washington or Moscow is one single offense.
Three: France is closed for reconstruction. Her borders are sealed and will remain sealed indefinitely. All foreigners, including diplomats, are either deported or interned. Frenchmen stranded abroad, including diplomats, are either repatriated or expatriated. These measures will not be reversed until France is once again a nation, not a province of Globomerica.
Four: real borders are not just about migration. Political sovereignty is also compromised by financial, commercial, and intellectual dependency. Since France today is a cancer patient and only strict isolation can save her, all these links must be severed. Some future strong and healthy France may restore them.
All French securities held outside France are cancelled. All external trade is settled in gold at a single entry point. No manufactured goods are imported. All Internet links are cut. Only the New State routes packets outside France, only to Washington, and for only three purposes: offering French products for sale; purchasing strategic minerals; and negotiating real planetary issues such as ocean rights, atmospheric contamination, migratory bird protection and asteroid defense.
Five: thanks to the criminal acts of the communist regime, which aimed to entrench itself in permanent power by importing a new people, possession of a French passport issued by the Sixth Republic is not proof of French citizenship. Anyone holding a French passport, but without four great-grandparents born in France, must reapply for citizenship in the New French State.
Applications are evaluated by the police. Anyone both assimilated and civilized, without regard to race, is accepted. Everyone else is deported, or interned if Globomerica will not accept them. Internment is not a punishment and will not become one, but France is a sovereign nation and no one colonizes her.
Six: the New France is not just ruled by the National Front and the military, but governed by them. France is lucky; once the colonists are expelled, she has no enemies with both the moral and physical strength to attack her. Since she has no military need for her military, she can use it for the vastly more important task of restoring the nation.
All civil servants of the Sixth Republic are deemed communist until proven patriotic, and retired with full benefits. Initially, the new government is staffed entirely by former military officers. Where hiring is necessary, any experience in the official or para-official sector, security forces excepted, is an unconditional disqualification. When in doubt, the process of denazification used in Germany in 1945 is a good guide.
Seven: France is a Catholic nation and cannot be restored without the help of the Church. Unfortunately, this institution too has been overrun by communists. The Society of St. Pius X is the legal successor of the French Catholic Church. All clerics affiliated with the Novus Ordo Church are assumed communist until proven otherwise, and purged as functionaries.
The Church has full authority over all educational institutions from kindergarten to university; she gains ownership of all existing media and publishing firms. Freedom of speech is not infringed; communists can remain communists and keep trying to peddle their poisonous product, to adults at least. But no point of strength won under communism can survive its fall.
Eight: all philanthropic institutions, NGOs, foundations, etc, are transferred to the State for liquidation. Moreover, the ultimate power source of these pernicious institutions, the 20th-century financial oligarchy, cannot be allowed to survive.
Many wealthy Frenchmen came by their money honestly, even under the corrupt rule of traitors. Many did not. Without inquiring into the affairs of the past, the personal wealth of the rich must be declared and capped at the maximum needed to ensure a luxurious lifespan. Assets above the cap, deserved or not, are exchanged for titles of nobility. Thieves and traitors are relieved to escape with this small sacrifice; honest, patriotic businessmen understand the need for it.
Nine: all state secrets, except military blueprints, are unsealed. Using these documents, and any living sources still available, the New State will sponsor an intelligence-quality history of France in the 20th century, a reference document fully independent, patriotic and Catholic without apology, and contaminated by neither fascist nor communist bias.
Ten: France must be restored culturally, architecturally, and industrially. Any buildings built in France, of a Modernist, communist, Islamic or other non-French character, are to be demolished and/or replaced in a French historical style.
To a degree consistent with the actual supply of labor, industrial production of food and clothing is banned. Since the New State has retired the whole government, many Frenchmen will need work. The only conceivable source of labor demand is artisanal production on pre-industrial patterns; honor and fulfillment can only be found in tasks equal to the worker's human potential. Anyone can be a mason or a carpenter; no one should have to be a 19th-century industrial robot.
Eleven: the New French State is a temporary regime designed to cure France, not to govern her forever. Its last task is designing its own permanent replacement, almost certainly a hereditary absolute monarchy in the great French tradition. Of course, there's not one Frenchman in a thousand today who would understand or support this plan. Yet half of France, at least, sees the same problem.
———————
What's stopping you, dear France, is the delusion that you have a simpler, easier, more painless cure. France has cancer. She even knows she has cancer. I prescribe chemo; but why not aspirin? It tastes a little bitter, so surely it is helping.
Why not just re-elect Sarkozy, with his Karcher? Maybe he will use it this time? He'll certainly promise to. Or what's with all this military dictatorship? Couldn't we elect Marine, in a normal, constitutional election? She promises to deport the terrorists. She must have a list. Of course, they'll appeal to Brussels, so there are a lot of legal issues to work through…
Alas, the truth is that France is addicted to communism, like an alcoholic to alcohol. This morning, she has a terrible hangover. She promises to quit drinking. Well, she'll certainly drink less… France, I'm sorry. This is an intervention. Not another drop! In your heart, France, you know what to do. And you're afraid of it. Aren't we all afraid of change?
The story of two Richmonders who each sent a tweet that gave them national exposure…and NOT the good kind.
Jonathan Becker recently had a rough few days.
“It started with me being my typically goofy, silly self and not thinking much of it,” said the associate professor and Interim Director of Online Academic Programs at VCU. It ended with a seemingly innocuous tweet plastered on a Huffington Post article and Becker receiving hateful messages on Twitter.
It began during the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, which Becker watched on television at home with his children, aged eight and four. Featured in the parade was Kinky Boots, a Tony Award-winning Broadway musical about a floundering shoe factory that turns its fortunes around by making fetish footwear. The Macy's Day Parade featured cast members from the play–several of them men in drag–performing songs from the show.
Here's the clip:
Becker responded to the performance by tweeting this:
Now I have to explain "Kinky Boots" to my kids. Thanks, Macy's. #MacysParade— Jonathan Becker (@jonbecker) November 28, 2013
“I posted to Twitter basically being silly and maybe being 90 percent sarcastic,” he said.
“I didn't make the connection to issues around sexuality,” Becker said. “I was more concerned…with the name.”
His thought entered the Twitterverse on Thanksgiving without fanfare. But the next day, a writer at The Huffington Post's Gay Voices channel, included it in a post titled “‘Kinky Boots' Performance at Macy's Day Parade Provokes Outrage.”
“Then things took on a life of their own,” Becker said.
In the post, Becker's comment was embedded with tweets, ones truly critical of the gay and transvestite subject matter of Kinky Boots, which Becker wasn't. “The post went up on Huffington Post and the tweets started coming in,” Becker said.
Tweets like this:
@jonbecker So people can't be themselves because you're uncomfortable talking about certain things to your kids? Fuck off, douchebag.— Zack Smith (@iZackSmith) November 30, 2013
And this:
@jonbecker Jon, While you are explaining "Kinky Boots" to your children, take this opportunity to explain "homophobe" also!— Chris VonTanner (@mcvontanner) November 30, 2013
“I've been a social justice advocate my whole life, a huge supporter of those who aren't represented in the democratic process,” Becker said. Chief among them are gay people. “It's not easy reading through a stream of messages that use language that is hurtful, especially [considering] who I am and what I believe.”
After learning his tweet was used in the Huffington Post article from a colleague, Becker contacted the online newspaper and asked that his tweet be removed. Several hours later it was, and Becker said he received an email apology from a Huffington Post editor.
“For the most part, I was able to blow it off,” he said about the barrage of negative comments directed toward him, but “to be constantly called a homophobe…was hard to see.”
“It's really interesting to me that there are people out there…[who] saw my tweet as containing hateful language and chose to respond with hateful language,” Becker said. “The experience was certainly traumatizing.”
— ∮∮∮ —
If anyone can be related to Becker's story, it's Taber Andrew Bain.
“It pretty much is a carbon copy deal,” said Bain, librarian at VCU's Tompkins-McCaw Library. “There's something happening, there's some live event going on, and I make a remark that gets collated into something that Deadspin does.”
Bain's story began a year ago while at a bar with friends to watch Sunday football. During the Sunday night game, NBC interrupted its broadcast to feature a President Obama press conference about the school shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newton, Connecticut.
“There was no where you could watch the football game,” Bain said. The volume on the bar TV was off, so all Bain saw was the president's mouth moving. Bain tweeted:
Why is Barack Obama breaking Sunday Night Football?!?!?!— Taber Andrew Bain (@taber) December 17, 2012
“Most people that follow me know that…the things I say are sort of silly,” Bain said. “Little bit of a sarcastic tone, and that's just how my personality works there.”
Within an hour after the Sandy Hook press conference, Deadspin published a post that pulled tweets of mostly racist comments directed at the President for interrupting the football game. The title: “‘Take That Nigger Off The TV, We Wanna Watch Football!'”: Idiots Respond To NBC Pre-Empting Sunday Night Football. Unknown to Bain, as he continued watching Sunday night football, was that his tweet was in the post.
“As I'm sitting at the bar, my phone starts blowing up with Twitter notifications,” Bain said. At first he paid little mind to them. Soon he couldn't escape them. “They just kept coming.” He realized the following morning what had happened.
“My first, very silly, reaction was, ‘My thing wasn't as bad as all of these other things,'” Bain said. His tweet, he said, merely expressed a “normal frustration” of a football game being preempted. “I don't think what I said at the time was ungentle or inflammatory. It got perceived that way.”
Bain's thoughts then moved to the motivations of Deadspin for publishing the post. “What does [the post] even say other than to just be shocking?” Bain said. “It's just there to be inflammatory, and that's all it's there for.”
The vitriol directed at Bain wasn't limited to Twitter responses. He received nasty voicemail messages, and one person sent an email to his work address. “That was actually really spooky for me,” he said.
The biggest issue Bain has over the incident is that Deadspin took Bain's comment out of the context of his often silly, sarcastic Twitter feed. He said that when you follow people on Twitter, you learn their personality. “You get a sense of this person's voice.” But by plucking a single tweet out of that context, that voice is lost in translation.
Bain wrote an email to the editorial staff at Deadspin expressing his belief he was mischaracterized. No one from the editorial staff responded. Within a week, most detractors relented and Bain resumed his normal digital life, although with takeaways.
“It made me kind of think about the way we that we curate information on Twitter,” Bain said. It also made him reconsider new tweets that could, once again, be scrutinized without context. “It's made me not say, or say [things] in a gentler way,” he said.
— ∮∮∮ —
Jonathan Becker said he's reflecting on his recent Twitter dust-up from a journalistic and educational perspective. Journalistic in the sense that no one from The Huffington Post contacted Becker about his tweet–for either clarification or elaboration–before listing it among those that clearly were discriminatory. “What are the ethical considerations for a site like the Huffington Post?” Becker asked rhetorically. “Did they neglect some kind of responsibility?”
That question leads to a more educational reflection, Becker's line of work at VCU. Namely how to teach students “critical information literacy skills,” Becker said, so they can recognize stories that might not be as factual as they seem.
photo by Maryland GovPics
Running for president has helped Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's businesses, the Republican presidential nominee reportedly said under oath during a deposition.
ADVERTISEMENT
"I think people like politics. And they like to be around the name and maybe me," Trump said in the deposition, according to The Washington Post.
"I think people really dig it."
Trump said that a manager at one of his properties in Palm Beach, Fla., said the presidential run led to "the best year we've ever had."
"Well, maybe the success of the campaign. You know people have said there's never been anything like this," Trump said.
The deposition, taken in June, was part of a $10 million breach-of-contract lawsuit Trump filed against chef Geoffrey Zakarian.
Zakarian pulled out of an agreement to open a restaurant in Trump-owned Washington, D.C., hotel after he launched his campaign with a series of inflammatory comments about Mexicans.
Trump said when he launched his campaign in June 2015 that Mexican immigrants to the U.S. “have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems with us. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.”
EMBED >More News Videos Everybody loves Astros slugger Jose Altuve!
The awards keep stacking up for the Houston Astros after their historic World Series win.On Thursday, Louisville Slugger announced that second baseman Jose Altuve and outfielder George Springer won Silver Slugger Awards as the top offensive players in their respective positions in the American League.Altuve and Springer are the first pair of Astros to win the award since 1999, the team announced.Springer, the World Series MVP, is a first-time winner of the award after hitting .283, scoring 112 runs and hitting 34 homers during the regular season. With Springer's popularity, a petition has been started to name a street in New Britain, Connecticut after the Astros slugger. This year's Silver Slugger Award marks the fourth for Altuve.Last night, Altuve took home a pair of Players Choice Awards after being named the MLB Player of the Year and the AL Most Outstanding Player Altuve remains a finalist for the BBWAA AL Most Valuable Player Award, which will be announced Nov. 16.
The government recently announced it is working on an export strategy, which is supposed to help reach the goal that Sweden until the year 2020 should have the lowest unemployment rate in the EU.
Sweden's economy is highly oriented towards foreign trade. Swedish companies have long thrived in the international marketplace. This has allowed us to finance universal health care and free access to higher education, and many other things. Our position as one of the most prosperous countries in the world cannot be taken for granted. Increasing all aspects of internationalization is a must if Sweden is to remain at the forefront of economic performance.
In other words, a strategy for exports to spur jobs and growth is good. Nevertheless, it would have been better if the government had decided to develop a more comprehensive strategy for internationalization. The export strategy in its current focus seems too narrow and is therefore associated with considerable risks.
The pressing issue is how Sweden best can increase its competiveness and reap the benefits of globalization. To succeed in this regard requires facilitating all aspects of internationalization, such as import, export, offshoring and foreign investment. Another crucial strategic aim is to attract foreign talent.
Global competition has made access to talent a key factor of success for knowledge-intensive firms. Human capital and brain power is an essential ingredient for innovation and growth in the new economic landscape. In specific, the twelve big multinationals with headquarters in Sweden must be able to attract international talent. That is also true for smaller innovation-driven companies, not least the successful Swedish tech start-ups.
policymakers who want to strengthen Sweden's competitiveness can start by identifying solutions to a number of concrete problems that would be relatively easy to resolve. Below I discuss a few examples.
Sweden has to be more open and welcoming. Our country is beautiful and admired around the world, and tourism is on the rise. This does not mean, however, that talents are lining up to emigrate to Sweden. Global talents that consider leaving their country of birth are rational actors. They weigh their options carefully before making the choice where to move. Every aspect of the process of settling in the new country matters.
Sweden's geographic location in the outskirts of Europe in combination with a climate that does not – to put it mildly – appeal to everyone, are factors beyond our control. But they force us to excel with respect to the things that we can change. For instance, there are still problems associated with obtaining a personal identification number. Without it employers are not allowed to pay their employees. This can be challenging, especially for young people with limited finances. Further, English should become an “official” language as to make it easier for everybody to get around. Public signs ought to be in both Swedish and English.
The supply of high quality international education is insufficient. Experience tells us that high-educated parents put great value on providing their children with the best education and learning environment possible.
It is unlikely that people would move their families across the world if their children are not able to continue their education in the new country, or at a minimum obtain a high-quality education on par with schooling in the home country. We need to fill the need for such education. A favorable climate for authorized international schools is an essential ingredient for attracting the best and the brightest to our country.
There are challenges on the demand side, too. Hiring expats is associated with significant costs for Swedish companies. Thus, even if politicians are able to reduce the cost for global talents to move to Sweden, this will be insufficient if companies cannot afford to take them on board. The barriers to hire foreign experts need to be lowered in tandem with making Sweden more open and welcoming.
One important step in the right direction would be to extend the period during which an “expert tax” can be paid to a foreign expert, from three to five years. Many companies are not able to offer competitive compensation packages without this option. Nevertheless, three years is a relatively short period of time and it is fair to assume that both employers and employees would gain from more continuity. The burden on public finances would be limited, yet provide a substantial positive impact for business and the Swedish economy.
Our search for talents must not be limited to certain countries or regions. It must be universal. This means we also have to utilize the global talents already residing here in Sweden. In this group lies an untapped potential. The fact that they have already overcome the hurdle of moving to Sweden makes it even more pressing to find ways to unlock this potential.
In part this could be done by allowing foreign students to stay longer than six months in Sweden to find a job. The corresponding period in Germany is 18 months and one year in the Netherlands. It would also be beneficial to give other talents in Sweden, such as foreign researchers, better opportunities to start a business or look for a job here.
Sweden may also consider introducing a special “talent visa”. The labor migration bill from 2008 has been important, but a prerequisite is that people have a job to move to. Sweden should offer talents the opportunity to come here to look for jobs, innovate and start new companies.
The modern economy is globalized and complex. Exports continue to be a backbone of the Swedish economy. In order to succeed in paving the road to success in the 21st century, however, Sweden must facilitate all important dimensions of internationalization, not the least when it comes to attracting global talents. We need to go from an export strategy to an expat strategy.
Maria Rankka is CEO of Stockholm Chamber of Commerce
Enjoy our Tuesday debate articles? Make sure you never miss your favourite features on The Local - here's how.
Whenever I lose my way, wondering if I am expecting too much of workplaces or the community or legislation or public places, I think about this photo. This breastfeeding mother should be our benchmark. Until mothers everywhere can incorporate breastfeeding seamlessly into their lives, until mothers can breastfeed and be whole members of our society, until mothers can breastfeed and talk to the leaders of their country at the same time.. we will not have gone far enough.
Harassing women for their choices about feeding their babies? Inexcusable. Mothers who bottle-feed should never be the targets of judgementalism and crusading. Individualism lets institutional reform and collective responsibility off the hook while hanging some poor exhausted mother out to dry. But when we think the breastfeeding campaign has gone too far bear this in mind..
Show me the women who are losing their jobs for formula feeding. Show me the women who are being kicked out of restaurants, swimming pools, gyms, childcare centres, and airplanes for formula feeding. Show me the immigrant women whose babies are removed because, among other things, they planned to formula feed. Show me the women who have been ordered to cease or interrupt formula feeding by family courts. Show me the people who, on seeing a bottle pulled out in a public place, will wrinkle their nose and say in disgust, “Are you going to do that here?” Show me the people who won't allow infant formula in an office fridge because it could be carrying disease. Show me the people who insist that bottles of infant formula should be covered with a brown paper bag so as not to gross bystanders out. Show me the people who insist that all bottle feeding should be covered with a blanket, you filthy sluts.
The feminist campaign to allow women the full freedom to breastfeed is about all of us. It is not really about the choices of individual mothers and their babies. It is about women being considered as important.. as fucking normal as men. We are all made stronger when a woman can breastfeed, in public, as a member of her community, while getting shit done. Because when that happens it says that women belong, it says that women's bodies belong, it says that women are here.
Breastfeeding being seen as disgusting and inappropriate is part of a much wider sickness in our culture. You do not have to be a breastfeeder – you do not have to have the desire to ever breastfeed nor even the breasts to do it with – to benefit from a collective voice against the ‘othering', shaming, objectifying and dehumanising of our bodies. Because exclusion is exclusion.
——————————————————————-
(Also, the term ‘nazi' is really pretty offensive – regardless of who you're getting riled up with I don't think you should attach it to anybody except actual Nazis, and I'd extend that caution to a few other words that are used in describing breastfeeding activists, too. If in doubt, stick with the adjectives ‘fucking annoying' instead).
An ambitious project spearheaded by UL could land Lafayette's oldest neighborhood with a long-overdue federal historic district designation.
An ambitious project spearheaded by UL could land Lafayette's oldest neighborhood with a long-overdue federal historic district designation. By Walter Pierce Photos by Robin May
Monday, Nov. 3, 2014
A cold bottle of beer in hand, musician Bruce McDonald leans over a simmering pot in the kitchen of the stately house on Main Street he shares with longtime partner Julie Marshall, an artist, and gazes quizzically into the chile relleno. "I didn't know you put capers in there," he muses. Food chatter erupts as Julie pours herself a gin cocktail.
It's a typical late afternoon in the kitchen for McDonald and Marshall, who have lived in this century-old house for seven years. It's one of the larger homes in Freetown-Port Rico, although they know nothing of its genesis, the records lost to the ages.
"Someone told me all these houses were built by railroad people," Marshall says. "I figure it must have been some railroad magnate."
She's probably at least half right.
Bruce McDonald and Julie Marshall
In significant ways the story of Freetown-Port Rico is the story of Lafayette. The arrival of the railroad and burgeoning industrial might of the once sleepy Vermilionville, the advent of Cajun cooking as a commercially viable and lucrative cuisine - Freetown was both a wellspring and a springboard. And it was an anachronism, a neighborhood of freed slaves and free people of color where in the early- to mid-20th century races mingled as neighbors and co-workers. Lebanese Christian immigrants - notably the Salooms, Boustanys, Naomis, Ashys and Abdallas - moved in and set up shop, and they sold their wares to anyone; the only color that mattered was green.
It has remained largely unchanged from the neighborhood of railroad and sugar cane workers it began as in the late 19th century, expanding to replace the cane fields as sugar operations moved south. A massive railroad round house, sugar mill, lumberyard and salt factory - salt water was pumped in a wooden pipe from St. Martin Parish where it was evaporated to get the salt - made Freetown the nexus of Lafayette's fledgling industrial character.
"We have some people living in Freetown and on the census it says that they're farmers," notes Dr. Ray Brassieur, an anthropology professor at UL Lafayette. "Well it's hard for us to understand today: Why would a farmer be living in Freetown, why wouldn't they just go live on the farm somewhere? That was the farm."
In fact, before it was a neighborhood much of the area was part of Ile Copale, former Gov. Alexandre Mouton's sprawling, antebellum sugar plantation.
Brassieur and Corey Saft, an associate professor in UL's School of Architecture and Design, are putting a bow on an ambitious months-long project that documented every structure in Freetown-Port Rico. Eight architecture students and two anthropology students comprised a "field school" over the summer - they also took a class with Brassieur - in what the professors hope will ultimately be the awarding of a federal historic district designation for the area. That imprimatur makes preserving or improving houses and other structures in the area eligible for tax credits of up to 45 percent of construction costs on properties 50 years old or older.
Saft got the idea for the initiative last spring while working on an unrelated project in the area. He applied for a Historic Preservation Fund Grant through the state Office of Cultural Development last April. The grant, to cover the cost of documenting the architectural and cultural heritage of the area, was awarded in June, and the team of students and professors soon began their painstaking work. (The project also received financial support from the university and the Freetown Commission, and has enjoyed valuable assistance and input from the Freetown-Port Rico Coterie.) About 600 structures, mostly homes but also commercial properties, were thoroughly documented. The work is being undertaken through the architecture school's Sustainable Development Lab, the mission of which is to encourage "sustainable economic development and community revitalization with a focus on community, housing and the public realm," as Saft puts it.
"Part of what the Sustainable Development Lab wants to do," Saft explains, "is not only what we traditionally do, which is come up with ideas and work with people, but to try and find opportunities to make things happen, to finance projects - things that just wouldn't happen otherwise; everything from adjudicated properties, brownfield sites, projects that are awkward or too small for traditional developers, but things that because it's at that smaller scale they can be catalyst projects and show people that you don't have to be a big developer; you can kind of step in a normal-size lot and contribute to the progressive growth of the city."
The grant from the state covering the research and documentation by the UL team is also paying for a consultant who is taking the data - site descriptions, photographs, etc. - and compiling it. The research will be presented to federal officials sometime next spring and, the team hopes, the historic district designation will soon follow.
The house where Marshall and McDonald live on the 400 block of Main Street in the shadow of Downtown is described in a draft version of the team's research as "a single dwelling featuring elements of the Queen Anne style. It is a one-story building set on brick piers and clad in wood siding. The main roof is a hip gable covered in asphalt shingles. A partial width porch is supported by wood columns. Queen Anne style elements include a steeply pitched roof of irregular shape, decorative spindlework brackets and porch supports, and a decorative spindlework frieze. Other architectural elements include double-hung, four over-four windows and a partially glazed wood door. This structure retains strong integrity of design, workmanship, setting, and feeling."
Old Freetown, known on yellowing city maps as Mouton First Addition, is the oldest neighborhood in Lafayette. Structures from the 19th century remain in the area, Saft says, but Freetown-Port Rico is dominated by early 20th century Southern bungalows, many in the Craftsman architectural style. The area is roughly bounded by Johnston Street, University Avenue, Pinhook Road and the railroad tracks adjacent to Evangeline Thruway.
Jefferson Street is the main artery through the area; it was originally lined with live oaks and known as Oak Avenue, running from Mouton's Ile Copale plantation to downtown Vermilionville. Vermilionville became Lafayette in 1884 in honor of the French Revolutionary War hero the Marquis de La Fayette, and could only take the name after New Orleans and Orleans Parish consolidated because theretofore there was a town in Orleans Parish named Lafayette. An apocryphal tale of Oak Avenue's origins says Gov. Mouton wanted the street lined with oaks to provide a canopy so his family's delicate skin would be protected when they ventured into town.
"The story goes that [Mouton's] wife and daughters would get sun-burned riding to the cathedral and he built the oaks to protect their beautiful complexions," explains Yvonne Saloom, wife of retired city court Judge Kaliste Saloom Jr., during a September gathering in front of St. Anne's Infirmary on Jefferson Street with Saft, Brassieur and the students. Now the parish health unit, St. Anne's was built in 1937 by Judge Saloom's mother, Asma Boustany Saloom. The Salooms - Judge Saloom is 96 years old; Mrs. Saloom is none of your damn business - regaled the team with stories about Freetown-Rico's early years and the Lebanese influence on the neighborhood.
Although most of the oaks lining the street are long gone along the Moutons' route from Ile Copale to the cathedral, a few majestic specimens remain behind the former Larosen Elementary School at the corner of Pinhook Road and Evangeline Thruway, and, Judge Saloom explains to the students, long stretches of sidewalk between Johnston and Lamar streets still follow zigzag routes that once accommodated the street-side trees.
Of course Freetown-Port Rico isn't just a street grid and historic homes - it's essential to Lafayette history.
"The story of Cajun cuisine can be told from Freetown," Brassieur says. "The Landrys lived in Freetown and built Don's; Don's was the first commercial Cajun restaurant, and that's when crawfish became commercially available to the public. The Verons had a store there on Jefferson - that's where they started. There are a lot of things we take for granted today."
Freetown-Port Rico has gone through considerable gentrification over the last two decades and, probably as much as any neighborhood in the heart of Lafayette, has a high density of artists, musicians and creative people - the ideal environment for Marshall and McDonald.
"We've come to really love the block and the neighborhood," McDonald says. "It's cool."
Former U.S. ambassador to the U.N. John Bolton was handicapped in his bid to become President-elect Donald Trump's pick for secretary of state by his own mustache, according to a Washington Post report published Thursday.
The newspaper reported that several of Trump's associates said they thought Bolton's distinctive mustache hindered him in his pursuit of the nomination for secretary of state in Trump's incoming administration.
“Donald was not going to like that mustache,” an anonymous associate of Trump's was quoted as saying. “I can't think of anyone that's really close to Donald that has a beard that he likes.”
The President-elect's unnamed associates told the Post that Trump had been drawn to 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney and ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson based on their “central casting” quality, a phrase which they said he frequently uses to refer to his process for staffing his administration.
On the campaign trail, Trump habitually took digs at his detractors' appearances, saying he “wasn't impressed” when Hillary Clinton walked in front of him at a presidential debate and attacking a reporter who accused him of forcibly kissing her in 2005 by implying that she wasn't attractive enough.
Citing unnamed sources close to the President-elect, the Post also reported that Trump was seeking to appoint a “telegenic” woman to serve in a public-facing role in his administration, both to “attract viewers” and to shield him from further charges of sexism.
Konami has confirmed that the Xbox One version of Metal Gear Solid 5: Ground Zeroes will run at 720p, while the PS4 will run at 1080p. Both versions will render at 60 frames per second however.
Konami did a comparison on their website between the current and next-gen versions of the game which offered insight into how the Xbox One and PS4 versions will differ. The difference between the PS3 and PS4 versions would appear to be greater than the difference between the Xbox 360 and Xbox One versions.
“Since Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes is a multi-platform game, we have taken the opportunity to test the differences in how each version of the game looks and plays,” explains the website. “The videos and images below show an overview of these differences, which we hope will help to decide which version is right for you.” The video should be posted soon.
Both Xbox 360 and PS3 render at 30 frames per second with the resolution being scaled to 720p.
Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes will be released March 21.
Source: *Konami
Get the biggest Weekly Politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bungling Liverpool council workmen painted road markings warning not to block the entrance to a school – after failing to notice it had been knocked down more than a year ago.
The highways staff put down the yellow markings outside the site of the former Gateacre school, which was shut to pupils two years ago before being knocked down.
The council admitted its staff had made a mistake and said it was now checking that the gaffe had not been repeated outside other sites where schools had been knocked down as part of the Building Schools for the Future programme.
But local residents and councillors said they were amazed the workmen had not applied some common sense when doing their job, which involved repainting tired old markings outside the school gates.
Even council insiders admitted “you would have thought they'd have noticed there wasn't a school there any more.”
Liberal Democrat Woolton Cllr Malcolm Kelly said he couldn't believe it when he saw the fresh coat of paint had been put down.
He added: “We've been complaining about speeding cars on here and the need for the road surfaces to be fixed for some time. The council keeps saying it has to prioritise things and then goes and spends money on doing this.”
The mistake echoed one made by highways staff in Tuebrook in 2009, when they painted their own instructions – an arrow showing which way up a one way street traffic would flow – in the middle of the road.
A council source told the ECHO the school gaffe was a “hands up” situation, adding: “They just followed their instructions without thinking about it.”
It is understood the error cost around £100, and staff are due to return to Grange Lane to take the paint off – which Cllr Kelly said would mean spending even more money.
A council spokesman said: “We are also trying to make sure that it did not happen outside other schools that were re-located.”
More Liverpool news
Construction on a development intended to kick-start the regeneration of Liverpool's Stanley Dock has ground to a halt, leaving Merseyside builders out of pocket
A teenager was rushed to hospital after an horrific workplace accident in which his arm was crushed after becoming trapped in machinery
Africa Oye returns to Sefton Park this summer headlined by Finley Quaye
Kat's silver lining! Indoor medal is unbelievable, insists Liverpool's latest athletics star
VIDEO: This Is Liverpool - the first episode review of controversial online reality show
When it comes to converting to renewable energy, the biggest success story in the islands is on Kaua‘i. Less than a decade ago, about five percent of the Garden Island's energy came from renewable sources. Now it's more than eight times that figure. But the island is also making progress on another important issue: how to make use of solar energy when the sun isn't shining. HPR contributing reporter Scott Giarman has more from Kaua‘i.
The Kaua‘i Island Utility Cooperative estimates that on a regular basis, more than 40-percent of the island's electricity now comes from renewable sources.
On sunny days, renewables can account for up to 97% of Kaua‘i's needs. Some is from hydro-electric and biomass, but as much as 80 percent comes from the sun.
At night, or when it's cloudy, the Utility Cooperative depends upon its growing network of batteries. One project – contracted jointly to photovoltaic panel manufacturer Solar City and state-of-the-art battery developer Tesla – resulted in the nation's first utility-scale photovoltaic system with batteries capable of providing 13mWh at night. By 2018, KIUC plans another 20mWh battery power system, this one managed by global sustainable energy giant AES, to come online. When completed, the utility cooperative says these systems will be capable of providing energy to a third of the island.
A fixed-price power purchase agreement with Solar City / Tesla and AES is lower than what KIUC pays to generate its own power. That means customers can expect their bills to decrease as these projects come online. Such power purchase agreements have contributed to in 18% drop in consumer costs since 2008.
A pumped-hydro plant is under consideration for Kauai's West Side that would contribute another 12mWh of nighttime energy. This system involves using photovoltaic energy to pump water vertically into a reservoir for storage when the sun is shining. At night, the water would be released to drive a hydroelectric turbine, generating electricity. Effectively, a battery.
Doc's Union Pub, the Pennsport bar with connections to the leadership of powerful electricians union IBEW Local 98, has been sold.
New owners of the building at at Second and Mifflin are business partners Bill McKeever and Anthony Giordano, who are overseeing a super-quick renovation that will transform the space into a completely new restaurant called Mifflin Tavern — potentially open by New Year's Day.
Smart striped awnings surround the corner entrance, while inside, white quartz counters look striking against black walls. Hardwood floors are being laid this week. A 10-tap beer system will be installed, and the kitchen has been expanded and outfitted with new equipment to cook a full menu of apps, sandwiches, burgers and pierogi. A second-floor dining room leads to a deck that will be outfitted with heat lamps.
Though the bones of the place remain the same, it's quite an upgrade for the bi-level space at 1843 S. Second St., which is in the middle of the stretch that's home to most Mummers clubhouses.
As Doc's, the spot was notorious both for for serving underage drinkers — it was shut down briefly in 2013 because of too many violations — and for its connection to IBEW president (and ostensible namesake) John “Johnny Doc” Dougherty. Over the summer, when the FBI raided Dougherty's home and union headquarters, they also paid a visit to this bar.
Doc's Union Pub was at the center of what a 2014 National Review investigation called a “self-pay scheme.” Between 2005 and 2013, 14 Pennsylvania candidates and committees endorsed by Local 98 spent a total of more than $400,000 at the diminutive bar. And according to FEC filings, the union's PAC gave at least $85,000 to the bar in seven separate disbursements between 2012 and 2013.
Whether the Feds' recent investigations had anything to do with the ownership transfer is unclear; the building has been in Realtor listings on and off for years.
And McKeever, 51, a publican who for 20 years has owned the Keswick Tavern in Glenside, said he had never met Dougherty until last month, when they shook hands to complete this transaction. He also said the liquor license, which is pending transfer, was completely clean and free of any liens.
The deal all came together relatively quickly, per McKeever. “I've been looking for another bar, but I'm not really a city person. I know nothing about this area,” he said, noting that he was excited to experience New Year's Day on Two Street — where the party continues after the Mummers Parade . “I hear it's quite something.”
Co-owner Giordano, 35, who also runs the US Hotel Bar and Grill in Manayunk, has more familiarity. “One of my bartenders lives there, so I got to know the neighborhood,” he explained.
Food and drink options in Pennsport have evolved recently, but most of the new openings — Federal Donuts, The Industry, The Dutch — have been further north.
Surrounded mostly by shot-and-beer dives, Mifflin Tavern will try to cater to that audience (at least three domestics on draft) but also appeal to a more modern crowd. On the drink side, that means more than 80 beers in bottles plus at least two local crafts on tap. On the food side it means that chef Harry Burns, previously at the Moshulu, might list banh mi and fish tacos among his sandwiches, and offer apps like vegetable pakora alongside standards like hot wings. Prices will suit the deep South Philly location — think $6 to $12 for just about anything on the menu.
“I don't know if this area wants food like that,” said McKeever, “but I'm going to mimic what worked at the Keswick and we'll see.”
Calls to Dougherty at IBEW headquarters for comment on the sale were not returned.
The National Commission on the War on Terrorism Is Hereby Called to Order
On June 14, when F-15E fighter jets bombed Mokhtar Belmokhtar, an al Qaeda commander in North Africa, the United States expanded the war on terrorism with its first explicit counterterrorism airstrike in Libya. What began with limited airstrikes in Afghanistan on Oct. 7, 2001, to topple the Taliban has expanded to seven other countries — Yemen, Iraq, Pakistan, the Philippines, Somalia, Libya, and Syria — with sustained military or counterterrorism operations against terrorist groups and militant armies, most with no connection to 9/11 or any apparent intention or capability to directly attack the United States.
But while its alleged enemies have evolved, America's strategy has not. Washington officials conflate local militancy with direct threats to the homeland, refuse to identify the enemy or the prioritization of adversaries, proclaim implausible strategic objectives, and stubbornly demonstrate no meaningful learning or adjustments over the past 13 years. The elements of this strategy remain unquestioned and, subsequently, ineffective.
Meanwhile, the nature of terrorist threats has metastasized. The number of jihadi terrorist groups and their estimated strength, geographic reach, social media influence, and lethality are growing, with 2014 having the most terrorist fatalities in the past 45 years: 32,727 killed. In U.S. President Barack Obama's first full year in office, 2010, it was 13,186. However, U.S. citizens are overwhelmingly not the victims. Although 28 Americans on average have died per year since 9/11, 80 percent were in Iraq and Afghanistan, where wars were started to prevent terrorism.
The White House and Congress, collectively, are incapable of recognizing how deeply and hopelessly mired the United States has become in the war on terrorism. Officials and members of congress repeat the same politically salient clichés, such as vowing to “defeat” or “destroy” the Taliban, al Qaeda affiliates, and now the Islamic State; adopt recycled assumptions, such as the myth that terrorists need safe havens (they don't) and thus the United States must bomb suspects in such countries; and then appear surprised when things continue to go poorly. Officials are simply too vested to objectively evaluate current strategies, demonstrate strategic learning, or implement meaningful new policies. It is time to recognize failure and take steps to initiate change.
To overcome this structural constraint, a commission should be established to do what elected and appointed leaders cannot: review, evaluate, and offer new policy recommendations. This National Commission on the War on Terrorism would consist of 10 former officials, diplomats, and experts — with no personal or financial interest in the outcome — empowered to speak with anyone and review any documents. Where the 9/11 Commission investigated the facts and circumstances relating to the al Qaeda attacks, this commission would evaluate and assess America's responses to those attacks.
Unlike most blue-ribbon panels, the 9/11 Commission succeeded because it provided a bipartisan understanding of the terrorism challenge, a review of U.S. policy failures dating back to President Ronald Reagan's administration, a unifying framework for thinking about terrorism, and 41 recommendations for confronting it — 78 percent of which had been implemented by 2011. The recommendations that were never adopted, like placing counterterrorism strikes under the control of the military and not the CIA, and streamlining congressional oversight over counterterrorism policies by eliminating redundant committees and subcommittees, are still good ideas and, ideally, should still be pursued and implemented.
As important as its recommendations was the 9/11 Commission's members and brilliant staffers, who were diligent, unafraid to pursue difficult truths, and highly respected. Recall, Henry Kissinger was initially appointed the commission's chair by President George W. Bush, but was appropriately dropped after he refused to disclose his clients' ties to the Middle East, particularly Saudi Arabia. Thankfully, former Gov. Thomas Kean and Rep. Lee Hamilton replaced Kissinger.
This overdue National Commission on the War on Terrorism would focus on four prosaic issues:
First, it would review U.S. counterterrorism strategic documents designed to define objectives, detail plausible courses of action, and provide theories for how America's terrorist enemies would be defeated. This begins by admitting that these groups are rarely “defeated” and never by bombs and special operations raids alone, but rather by dealing with the underlying causes — something every single official acknowledges the United States and its partners must get better at, but never pursues with seriousness. Washington keeps asking those partners to stop supporting jihadi groups, which they refuse to do: As a State Department official recently said with apparent surprise, “After 9/11, we thought they understood that this was no longer acceptable.… It seems they didn't get the message.” And Congress keeps appropriating relatively small amounts of foreign aid to programs intended to make it less likely that neutral individuals become terrorists. As Obama acknowledged in March, “We can't keep on thinking about counterterrorism and security as entirely separate from diplomacy, development, education — all these things that are considered soft, but in fact are vital to our national security, and we do not fund those.” Unfortunately, those are still perceived as entirely separate and given relatively little attention or money.
Second, the commission would evaluate — using the best available data — the effectiveness of the policies that emerged from these strategic documents, pinpointing which policies have been the most and least effective, and why. The Bush and Obama administrations have relied on the same policies, including drone strikes especially, which total 530 (480 of which Obama authorized) and have killed roughly 3,900 people; “building partnership capacity” of uninterested or corrupt partners; and “countering violent extremism.” In a major 2006 strategy document President Bush declared: “We must employ all elements of U.S. national power, including public diplomacy, development, and democracy-building programs, to address the conditions which terrorists exploit and to counter extremist propaganda and recruiting” — that is nearly the same language and approach used by the White House today.
Third, the commission would answer the most essential unresolved question: What are the underlying structural reasons that explain why unaffiliated individuals are motivated to join terrorist groups or are inspired to commit acts of terrorism on their own? This is increasingly important as all four successful jihadi terrorist attacks in the United States since 9/11 were homegrown, and, more broadly, Americans themselves have been responsible for 50 percent of all plots and attacks on domestic soil since 9/11.
Fourth, the commission would finally propose an informed path forward, including a new strategic framework, policy recommendations for federal and local government agencies, and ideas for rearranging the outdated counterterrorism bureaucracy (as the 9/11 Commission did by unifying disparate activities under the Department of Homeland Security and establishing the Office of the Director of National Intelligence).
This commission could be proposed in legislation today, passed as part of an authorization bill, and signed by Obama. Comparable commissions cost $3 million to $4 million, which is negligible given the $4 trillion to $6 trillion that the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan will eventually cost. It could be formed in the fall, with its conclusions and recommendations made publicly available in January 2017, just in time to inform Obama's successor and the 115th Congress.
My Foreign Policy colleague, Rosa Brooks, recently wrote a thoughtful essay, “U.S. Counterterrorism Strategy Is the Definition of Insanity” — i.e., doing the same thing over and over, but expecting different results, is the very definition of the war on terrorism. In December, Lt. Gen. Charles Cleveland, commander of U.S. Army Special Operations Command, made a poignant observation: “We built a great apparatus for terrorism. It has huge advocacy. If someone questions it, you run the risk of taking on an entrenched infrastructure.” Indeed, as I have written, the most dangerous and entrenched apparatus is the rigid and extremist ideology that seemingly everyone in Washington endorses and promotes.
The war on terrorism clearly needs a major review and rethink, unless the American people are comfortable with ensuring that the United States will be at war forever. Nobody currently in power in Washington is capable or willing to do this, given their personal or professional interests that prohibit any serious self-evaluation or criticism of U.S. foreign policy. An empowered National Commission on the War on Terrorism composed of respected members might overcome the inherent biases and pathologies that have frozen U.S. counterterrorism strategies. It's a small cost to find this out given that the alternative is the certainty of continued failure.
Alex Wong/Getty Images
FBI Director to Herridge: 'We Do Investigations, Not Security Inquiries'
Eric Trump: Paul Ryan's Backing Is Not Necessary
Tens of thousands of immigrants are rushing to become U.S. citizens ahead of the presidential election, so they can vote against Donald Trump.
Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio, a Trump supporter, said he's not worried, since there's no guarantee that all the immigrants who are newly registered to vote will even go to the polls, let alone unanimously vote Democrat.
Neil Cavuto pointed out that many polls show Trump trailing Hillary Clinton significantly among Hispanic and Latino voters.
Arpaio argued that those numbers will change as they learn more about Trump's policies and how he's the best candidate for jobs and the economy.
"The Hispanic community will fold into the program, too," Arpaio said. "They're here to work, they're here to take care of their families, and they're good people."
On the other hand, he said, illegal immigrants, especially those who commit crimes, must be dealt with. He added that Trump is also the strongest candidate on that issue.
Arpaio said that he hopes Congress doesn't try to force Trump to backtrack on his tough stance on illegal immigration.
"We have to have Donald Trump not give in, to do something about the problem," Arpaio said. "He's our only savior right now."
Watch more above.
U.S. Soldier Goes Viral for Giving Prince Harry Her Invictus Games Medal
New Benghazi Witness: We Could Have Saved Lives That Day
Judge Nap: How the FBI Could Prove Hillary Violated Espionage Laws
WATCH: These College Students Don't Think America Is Exceptional
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Streets and homes have been completely submerged in the city of Concordia in Argentina
More than 150,000 people in Paraguay, Argentina, Uruguay and Brazil have been driven from their homes by some of the worst flooding in years.
Heavy summer rains have caused rivers to swell across a vast area.
In Paraguay, the most affected country, President Horacio Cartes declared a state of emergency, freeing up $3.5m (£2.3m) in relief funds.
The Paraguay river in the capital, Asuncion, is just 30cm (12in) away from overtopping its banks.
That could lead to widespread flooding in the Asuncion area.
And it could affect thousands of other people who live by the Paraguay - the country's main river - the authorities said.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Some 130,000 people have been forced to leave their homes in Paraguay alone
Image copyright AP Image caption Tens of thousands of people in Paraguay have been sleeping in temporary shelters
Nearly 200 electricity pylons have been damaged or destroyed by strong winds.
Four people were killed in the country by fallen trees.
In northern Argentina, some 20,000 people have been evacuated.
At least two people have died in the floods, which have mostly affected the provinces of Entre Rios, Corrientes and Chaco.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Some experts have linked the weather to a stronger than usual El Nino phenomenon
Image copyright AFP Image caption Flooding in north-eastern Argentina is the worse to hit the region in five decades
In the southern Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul, nearly 1,800 families in dozens of towns had been forced to leave their homes.
Heavy rain began to fall in the region on 18 December, swelling the Uruguay and Quarai rivers.
South of the Brazilian border, in Uruguay, thousands of people have been made homeless in the past few days.
But most of them have now returned home.
Dry weather is forecast for the Brazilian-Uruguayan border region in the next few days, but in Paraguay and Argentina water levels are still expected to rise.
As we know, social media has become an increasingly popular and effective marketing channel for businesses of all sizes and types to reach prospects and customers. Through social media, you can speak directly to your audience and interact with them in terms of your products or service in an easier and low-cost way.
Great social media marketing could bring remarkable success to your business, creating impressive brand image and even driving leads and sales.
If you are looking for a different way for further growing your business or you are struggling with this novel marketing strategy that doesn't work well as you expected, a few social media marketing tips we've proposed in this article may help you a lot to develop an effective strategy for your successful social media campaigns.
I. Start with clear goals
For every social media marketing campaign you are planning to go with, always consider what you want to get from it. Starting a social media marketing campaign without a clear goal in mind will cost you hard but meaningless efforts and even draw you far away from potential customers.
So figure out the exact needs of your company and decide how you want to use social media to help achieve them. While you may come up with some personalized goals, there are several common ones you should include in your social media marketing strategy, e.g., raising brand awareness, creating a brand identity, generating leads and retaining customers.
II. Target potential customers
To avoid low engagement with audience on social media, it's usually important to have an accurate potential customer profile.
It is essential to make research on your target customers' age, occupation, income, pains, problems, online habits, likes, dislikes and any other useful information, which will help you identify and target the right people, in the right places and at the right times for a specific social media campaign.
III. Choose the best channels
Although there are many popular platforms or websites for performing social media marketing activities, it is not recommended to create accounts on every of them without studying which will bring the most return.
You can avoid wasting your time and energy by selecting a platform that suits your business most. Just go where most of your target audience are. If it is found that your prospects or customers spend 80% of their online time on Facebook and 20% on LinkedIn, you certainly know which will be the primary social network to focus on.
It always takes time and patience to operate your social networking account. An alternative way is purchasing SNS optimization services, getting social media promotion benefits from marketing experts.
So when your target audience often are present at a specific social network, that's where you need to be—not everywhere else.
IV. Create engaging content
Just like other areas of online marketing, content carries a big weight when it comes to social media marketing.
It is necessary to have regular post and offer valuable information that your prospects or customers will find interesting and helpful. For a successful content strategy in social media marketing, three general factors should be taken into consideration: type of content, time of posting and frequency of posting.
You can try to share various types of content including text only, images, video, links, etc on your social networks, to constantly call your audience's attention.
V. Tracking the campaign
Without tracking data for a social media marketing campaign, you are not able to measure the success of your social media marketing strategies. Google Analytics can be a highly-recommended social media marketing tool that will help you measure the most effective social media marketing strategies, as well as decide which may be a improper one.
Also, most social media platforms now have embedded data analytics tools, which enable companies to track the progress, success, and engagement of their marketing activities. So make sure to use those tools within each social platform for optimizing your ongoing or future social media marketing strategies. Some SNS optimization service providers offer monthly reportMarketing to users for timely strategy adjustment, which is a obvious way to see your marketing results(check your SNS service deal here).
All of those tips above together may still not solve some unusual problems in your social media marketing campaign, so JumoreGlobal would like to hear your thoughts, questions or comments, and we will spare no efforts to help you deal with them.
This article is about the 1960s television series. For the Duane Eddy song, see Kommotion (song)
Kommotion Genre Pop music Directed by David Joseph
Al Maricic Presented by Ken Sparkes Opening theme "March of the Mods" (a.k.a. "Finnjenka Dance") Country of origin Australia Original language(s) English No. of seasons 3 No. of episodes 5/week Production Producer(s) David Joseph,
Johnny Chester Production location(s) Nunawading, Victoria, Australia Running time 25 minutes Production company(s) Willard King Organisation Release Original network ATV-0 Audio format Mono Original release Late 1964 –
Early 1967 Chronology Preceded by The Go!! Show Followed by Uptight
Kommotion was a popular Australian "Top 40" pop music TV show of the mid-1960s, which premiered in December 1964. The program was hosted by popular disc jockey Ken Sparkes, who was one of the main presenters at Melbourne pop radio station 3UZ. In 1965, after the end of his previous series, Teen Scene, pop singer Johnny Chester became the associate producer of the program.[1]
It was produced by the Willard King organisation for Melbourne TV station ATV-0 (Channel 0) and was pre-recorded on videotape at the station's Nunawading studio. It was originally seen only in Melbourne, but was later relayed to interstate stations in the newly formed 0-10 Network as they came on line during 1965–66. The Kommotion format was a fast-paced, teenage Top 40 pop music show. It was originally shown in daily half-hour episodes, Monday–Friday at 5.30 pm; an additional one-hour special on Sundays was added later in the run of the series.
In August 1964 Channel 0 premiered its first pop TV program, The Go!! Show (or Go!!). It proved such a ratings success that its original 13-episode contract was extended to 39 episodes after only seven weeks on air, and this encouraged Channel 0 to capitalise on this success by commissioning a second series that would appeal to younger viewers. Both programs showcased the emerging 'beat' pop trend, and provided an energetic alternative to the mainstream family-oriented variety format of the rival Nine Network program, Bandstand. In combination, Go!! and Kommotion gave the nascent 0-10 Network an unbeatable lead in pop TV programming, with The Go!! Show alone regularly pulling in over 400,000 teenage viewers every week.
Format and presentation [ edit ]
Both Kommotion and Go!! featured the current beat-pop style, and both were strongly influenced by United Kingdom-based Ready Steady Go! and the Jack Good-produced American pop TV show, Shindig!.[2] Although many local guest acts appeared on both shows, there were notable stylistic differences between them. The Go!! Show was more closely modelled on Ready, Steady, Go! and was aimed at a slightly older, more sophisticated audience, it featured more local music, and it cost more to produce.[2]
Kommotion was aimed at a younger teen audience and its style was more like Shindig!. Early episodes featured a troupe of "go-go" dancers (a Shindig! trademark) and had more overseas hits than The Go!! Show, although it did so by using local lip sync artists. Fashion was another vital component of both shows: the Mod fashion trend prevalent in Melbourne, of the time, was visible in both shows. with another major influence being the BBC's perennial, Top Of The Pops.
Jim Keays, a member of the Masters Apprentices, noted in his memoir His Masters Voice (1999), that Kommotion was a key influence on the 1970s and 1980s pop TV series, Countdown. It is no coincidence that some of the regular Kommotion on-air team went on to work on Countdown, including talent coordinator and presenter, Ian "Molly" Meldrum, and future Countdown executive producer Grant Rule.
Scores of leading Melbourne and interstate pop acts appeared on the show during its two-year run, including Lynne Randell, Dinah Lee, Bobby & Laurie, Normie Rowe, Tony Worsely, Mike Furber, The Easybeats, MPD Ltd, The Elois, The Masters Apprentices, Steve & The Board and The Purple Hearts.
Alongside the appearances by local pop groups, the producers also came up with a simple and cost-effective way of showcasing current international hits. In those days, purpose-made music videos (then called "film clips") were only just beginning to be used to promote new recordings. Australia's great distance from the US and the UK meant that visits by major overseas acts were relatively rare, so the stock-in-trade for Kommotion was to use a troupe of young performers who danced and/or mimed to the latest overseas hits. The producers hired a group of about a dozen Melbourne teenagers, chosen for their looks, fashion sense and dancing ability. The regular cast roster included Ian Meldrum, Tony Healey, David Bland, Alex Rappel, Lex Kaplan, Jillian Fitzgerald, Alex Silbersher, Chantal Cantouri (later a star of Number 96), Grant Rule (later executive producer of Countdown), Norman Willison, pioneering 'go-go girl' Denise Drysdale, Shirley Reichman, Bob Pritchard and dancer Maggie Stewart (who met pop star Ronnie Burns on the show and later married him). Some performers such as Bob Pritchard went on to release records themselves. Pritchard recorded 'Shoppin Around" , "Pretty Girl" and "Goodbye Sam, Hello Samantha" which reached number four on the Australian charts. Pritchard also performed in TV dramas such as Homicide, Division 4 and Hunter.
For the mimed segments, the producers matched the performers with a particular style of music. Jillian Fitzgerald, chosen for her dancing ability, was given the 'soul' category (in spite of her fair skin) and she mimed to R&B classics like Ike and Tina's "River Deep Mountain High". Ian Meldrum specialized in the then-popular, high-camp 1930s style numbers such as Peter & Gordon's "Lady Godiva" and the New Vaudeville Band's "Winchester Cathedral". This practice reportedly led some viewers to believe that Jillian Fitzgerald was the actual singer of Aretha Franklin's "Respect", and that Meldrum had recorded "Winchester Cathedral". another member was RMIT student Keith Millar who was a neighbour of Molly's who lived with Ronnie Burns family in Elwood. Keith was best known for Tommy Roe' Oh Sweet Pea . Several of the cast became virtual pop stars in their own right. Tony Healey was one of the most popular and along with Bob Pritchard had their own fan clubs. Alex Silbersher was reportedly chased up three flights of stairs by a horde of girls when a promotion at a Sydney shopping center got out of control.
The addition of the one-hour Sunday Kommotion special evidently caused some controversy. An unattributed press clipping from the time (reproduced on the Laurie Allan tribute site) indicates that The Go!! Show producers DYT were concerned about the increased competition from their rival (which also cost less to produce), and the article suggested that this move might oversaturate the pop market and lead to a drop in ratings all round, as well as over-exposing the relatively small pool of Australia's top-ranking pop talent. The latter issue was borne out by Jim Keays' comments in his autobiography, in which he reported that The Masters Apprentices were invited on both shows so regularly that they eventually had to 'ration' their appearances for fear of overexposure.
Kommotion label [ edit ]
Like The Go!! Show, the success of Kommotion also gave rise to a short-lived pop record label of the same name. The label was set up to promote artists who appeared on the show. It is believed to have been owned by pop entrepreneur Ivan Dayman. Some early releases were produced by Nat Kipner (father of musician Steve Kipner), who went on to briefly manage and produce The Bee Gees before they left Australia, but most of the Kommotion Records releases were produced by Pat Aulton. The label folded in 1967 when Dayman's Sunshine promotions and recording company went broke, around the same time that the TV show was cancelled.
Series cancellation [ edit ]
Although the device of miming to overseas releases proved popular and highly cost-effective, it was in fact this very practice that brought about the demise of Kommotion—the series was cancelled in early 1967 after Australian Actors Equity imposed a ban on miming on all music TV shows, due to concerns that the practice was denying work to Australian musicians.
Like many other Australian pop shows of the period, most of the original tapes of Kommotion were subsequently erased or disposed of. The small amount of material that has survived was copied from the Channel 0 archive in the 1990s and copies have since circulated widely among collectors of Australian popular music.
The floor manager for both Kommotion and The Go!! Show was Ralph Baker, who became well known in Melbourne in the late 1960s as Melbourne's version of "Deadly Earnest", the late night horror movie presenter. There was a local 'Earnest' in several capitals, with Sydney's Ian Bannerman being the original. Baker subsequently became the original floor manager on 0-10's later pop show Uptight.
See also [ edit ]
Star Trek: Search For The Enterprise
Paul Olson, the guy tasked with painting the refit Starship Enterprise for The Motion Picture is on a new mission, to seek out the original studio model and restore her to her former glory.
In 1978, Paul was working in Los Angeles as an airbrush artist, having acquired the skills through his friends, Peter Lloyd, Bob Hickson, and Ed Scarisbrick. Through a mutual acquaintance of Scarisbrick, Olsen was introduced to Jim Dow of Magicam, who had devised a paint scheme for the The Motion Picture Enterprise, but who did not have the staff capable enough to apply it.
Olsen readily accepted and for the next six or seven months was deeply immersed in applying the paint scheme onto the model. In the process, Olsen got to know the modelers at Magicam quite well, a few of them he befriended, especially Mark Stetson, and among others his close co-worker, responsible for the secondary hull paint application, Ron Gress.
Upon completion of his work on the model, Olsen was asked by Douglas Trumbull to stay on to help out with visualizing some of the V'Ger effects. Olsen did, as a graphics artist (the function for which he received his credit), working alongside Production Illustrator Tom Cranham and Animation and Graphics Artist Alison Yerxa, causing his total involvement to last for sixteen months.
Once the model was complete, the lighting technicians locked it away for 3 days while setting up the Enterprise for filming, after which, Paul was invited onto the blackened stage where he saw the ship sat in drydock – he was struck with awe at the sight.
Since the filming of The Motion Picture, the models paint scheme was dulled down for the next three movies before being re-christened NCC-1701-A for the following two movies.
During the course of filming the movies and during it's long spell in storage, the model suffered alot of cosmetic damage, chipped surfaces and deterioration of the paint scheme before being auctioned off at the 2006 Christies sale.
This is where the whereabouts of the ship was lost. The model was sold to an anonymous bidder and has never been seen again, so now Paul is requesting the help of all fans to find the owner and restore it with a new paint job and lighting kit.
Paul also has other plans for the model. First up, he wishes to document the restoration project, which he believes will take aroung 12 months to complete, but more excitingly, Paul has written a movie screenplay that has gathered a lot of interest featuring the ship.
So, if you or anyone you know may know the location of this iconic ship, please contact Paul (details below) where you may become part of the documentary itself.
Please share this post with all fellow fans and spread the word far and wide and get this project underway!
You can contact Paul at paul@startrek-enterprise.us
Paul also urges you to purchase his book Star Trek: Creating the Enterprise as proceeds from this book will be used to part fund the project. You can purchase this book at Paul's website www.startrek-enterprise.us
Advertisements
Since launching in December 2016 the Oculus Touch controllers have become an essential peripheral for any new Rift owner, and Oculus' latest data proves that.
According to developer relations boss Paul Jastrzebski, nearly everyone who has bought a Rift since the price drop in March has purchased a pair of Touch controllers to go along with it. “We're seeing very, very high attach rates,” he said at last week's Digital Dragons event, as reported by Destructoid. “That's partly why we wanted to drop the price point. We realise that at $200, it was still a little high for it. So we drop the price to $99 and I think we've found a very close 1:1. Close to that.”
It wasn't made clear what Touch's attach rate for existing Rift owners was.
Oculus dropped the price of both Touch and the Rift at GDC 2017 back at the beginning of March, bringing the total of both to $598. That's just under the price of the Rift itself when it first launched, and increases the gap between the headset and its main rival, the HTC Vive, which is available for $799 and includes two controllers and two sensors for room scale tracking. Rift and Touch also includes two sensors but a third is recommended for room scale.
Though there are still plenty of experiences that support the traditional Xbox gamepad that comes with the Rift, many of the platform's biggest releases in 2017 have been exclusive to Touch. Oculus Studios titles like Robo Recall and Wilson's Heart, for example, can only be played with the controllers, as can recent big third-party releases like Star Trek: Bridge Crew.
Touch's success will no doubt continue to make it the focus for much Rift development going forward.
Editor's note: This story was updated to clarify the nearly 1:1 attach rate for Touch controllers to the Rift was for those purchased after the Rift price drop in March 2017.
Tagged with: oculus touch
Photo: heritagewoodshomes.com A teacher at Eagle Mountain Middle School was suspended for hitting a 12-year-old boy.
A Port Moody middle school teacher will serve a 10-day suspension after the school board learned he had been arrested for punching a 12-year-old boy who may have been throwing french fries at his car.
On June 1, 2008, Gentle St. Prix, a learning services teacher at Eagle Mountain Middle School, was driving with his son and a family friend, when someone in the car beside him began throwing french fries at them while stopped at a red light.
St. Prix got out of his car and confronted the people in the car beside him. The 12-year-old boy in the front seat said the person in the back seat threw the deep-fried potatoes, but the back-seat occupant blamed the 12-year-old.
“St. Prix got angry and frustrated and punched the person in the front seat. The person in the front seat was a 12-year-old boy,” reads the recently-published British Columbia Commissioner for Teacher Regulation consent resolution agreement.
The boy was left with “minor bruising” on his head.
St. Prix got back in his car and drove off, and the boy's mother called police. St. Prix was later arrested for assault, and admitted to police that he punched the boy.
He was eventually given 10 hours of community service in exchange for having the charge stayed.
In September 2012, a criminal record check found the arrest on St. Prix's record, and the Criminal Records Review Program informed the Teacher Regulation Branch. An investigation into St. Prix by the commissioner for Teacher Regulation didn't begin until February 2015.
The Criminal Records Review Program decided St. Prix did not pose a risk to children as the charge was “dated, singular and there was no pattern of behaviour.”
Almost two years after the investigation began, in December 2016, the commissioner decided to impose the 10-day suspension on St. Prix, which will be served in December 2017.
During the investigation period, St. Prix denied he was arrested, but he has since admitted to hitting the child and the subsequent arrest.
UPDATE: Our Dream Design Contest has been closed. Congratulations to Stephanie with her "Anastasia" bedroom winning with a whopping 393 votes! Great job to everyone who participated, and stick around for even more opportunities to win our furniture!
Stephanie Brown Eversole made our final five with this adorable owl themed bedroom she designed for her daughter Ana. This bedroom has exactly the kind of personality and creativity we look for! We love the adorable pastel color scheme paired with cartoon owls– good luck Stephanie!
"The addition of the Kenai Loft Bed with Study Desk would go a long way towards solving the EXTREME space issues in my nine-year-old daughter's bedroom. She doesn't even have a bed frame at all right now, but she REALLY wants a loft bed. She's also (obviously) an owl fan:), a big reader, an extremely patient and wonderful big sister, and an all-around great kid. She deserves all kinds of awesomeness!"
Click here to see Stephanie's great Polyvore entry, but for the vote to count, please comment on this post in the commenting system below.
If Ana's bedroom was your favorite entry, comment below letting us know why! Stephanie and Ana want to win the Kenai Loft Bed to save space in their bedroom!
BY: Follow @HashtagGriswold
A key Women's March organizer claimed Sunday that she had been kicked off an American Airlines flight earlier in the day and blamed "white male aggression" for the incident.
Tamika Mallory said in a Facebook Live video that, before a flight from Miami to New York, she used a kiosk to change her seat assignment from a middle seat to an aisle seat, the Washington Post reported. But when Mallory went to board, she was told the aisle seat was now taken and she would have to take the middle seat.
The gate agent laughed off Mallory's concerns, according to Mallory, saying that she did not pay for an upgrade and someone else probably just booked the seat before her.
But the national co-chair of the Women's March movement said in her Facebook video that she demanded an apology from the agent, who was also a black woman.
"The issue is not even about the seat. The issue is about the way in which you are speaking to me," Mallory said she told the gate agent.
The pilot, a white man, overheard the conversation and came out to defend his coworker.
"The first words that came out of the pilot's mouth … and this is the part that it just really hurts me … was, ‘Respect goes both ways,'" Mallory said. "And he said, ‘She told you she had nothing to do with your ticket and you had issue with that. What's your problem?'"
Mallory said she threatened to file a complaint.
"You're going to get yourself a one-way ticket off of this plane," he warned, according to Mallory.
Sure enough, when Mallory finally boarded the plane, there was an announcement asking her to come to the front of the plane. The pilot pointed to her and said he wanted her off his plane.
"It definitely was white male aggression. I was singled out, I was disrespected, and he was trying to intimidate me. I was discriminated against," Mallory later told the New York Daily News.
She also tweeted about the incident, writing, "Doesn't matter how much we do and how hard we fight, white men are allowed to treat black women like shit."
American Airlines says it is looking into the allegation.
"We take these allegations seriously, and we have spoken to all involved, including Ms. Mallory," airline spokesman Ross Feinstein said. "Due to an error with a seat change request, Ms. Mallory was informed her requested seat was not available and she was given her original, pre-reserved seat. Our team members apologized for the error and attempted to de-escalate the situation. Ms. Mallory was rebooked on the next flight to New York's LaGuardia airport."
Another American Airlines spokesman, Joshua Freed, told the Daily News that "our team does not tolerate discrimination of any kind."
The "well-calibrated interviewer" curse
Once, there was a place which did a whole bunch of technical interviewing. They were something of an anomaly in their industry, and they got a reputation as being seriously tough. Everyone "knew" that it took all sorts of skills and more than a little luck to even get your foot in the door, never mind getting through all of it to get a job.
What's not as nearly well-known is how that process actually worked on the inside. There are tales about things like founders who insisted on personally vetting every candidate, but I'm talking about things which haven't gotten much press. These are the day-to-day operations which fed the pipeline which ultimately fed that founder's personal review stack.
The usual procedure is that a candidate would be identified by a sourcer. That sourcer would then get this candidate into the system and would route them toward a target job or jobs. This would get a recruiter involved, and they'd do an introductory phone call. They were given technical questions and their answers and were supposed to score the candidate's response. If they were happy with them, the candidate would go on to the "technical phone screen".
This is where I entered the picture. As one of the technical types at this company, my name would be pulled from a hat once in a while, and then a phone screen or onsite interview would pop onto my schedule. I had to do some number of them per unit of time or it would have a negative impact on my quarterly review. This is how things went for a while, but then something changed.
Apparently the company was having a problem with "disaster onsite interviews". They'd fly a candidate out to the offices to spend a day being grilled, and the candidate would wash out halfway through. I heard tales of interviewers calling up the recruiters to kill the rest of a candidate's sessions so as to spare the other employees from also wasting their time.
I will try to convey about how much of my time a given interview would consume. First, there's the schedule wrangling when it first drops onto my plate. I'd have to acknowledge it in my calendar if it would work, or try to get the recruiter to wiggle it around so it didn't step on some other obligation I had. (The recruiters were particularly bad about booking these things right up against other stuff with no padding.) Figure that's 15 minutes of schedule wrangling and e-mailing.
In the 30 or so minutes before it was scheduled, I'd flip through their resume and do a little lightweight stalking of any URLs they happened to list. I would sometimes learn some interesting things this way, and occasionally found something we both had in common to use as an icebreaker. Then I'd either head over to the interview room (for onsites) or find a nice phone room somewhere and wait for the time to arrive.
The actual interview would take 45 minutes, and I'd take notes the whole time. Then I'd have to go back and just dump from my notes back into the "applicant tracking system" web site which asked a bunch of questions about what I thought about their technical abilities, culture fit, and that sort of thing. That could take another 45 minutes easily. I tried to do it immediately following an interview since I was much more likely to remember the context around some random scribble on my notebook immediately afterward. A couple of hours later, it might not be the same.
So figure right there I'd spend around 2 hours on a typical candidate, and I apparently managed to get a pretty good read on what they were like and what sort of technical chops they had. This level of thoroughness earned me membership in the so-called "well-calibrated interviewer list" when the hiring people tried to do something about those "disaster onsites" I mentioned earlier. They wanted to make it so these candidates would be filtered out sooner in the process.
Their plan was to feed these candidates to those of us on this new list as soon as possible in the process. We'd now be the first technical phone screen they'd encounter, and we could (in theory) knock them out of the running with that one call. Nobody else would encounter them.
What this meant in practice is that I wound up getting a steady load of these interviews as soon as they switched this thing on. That typically meant two phone screens per week.
Think about this now: that's 4 hours of my week (2 candidates at 2 hours each), or about 10%, and it happened week after week... after week. They thought it was that important.
At some point, they published numbers on who was doing what in terms of handling the load. I was shocked to see how high up the list I was. This was a large company, and I figured I'd be somewhere in the middle because I'm nobody special, but I was in the top 10 by quantity - globally.
That's when I went and looked up my teammates. I think one or two of them had done a single interview that quarter, and the rest had none.
These interviews were no walk in the park, either. More than a couple of these candidates were misogynistic bastards. One call went like this:
"Hi, this is Rachel calling from (company). May I speak to (candidate), please?"
"Oh, this is (candidate), but let me save us some time. I thought this was going to be a technical interview."
That guy bombed the interview right then and there. I didn't tell him that, though. I let him dig the deepest hole he could imagine by doing my best ditzy/derpy voice and just saying things like "they want me to ask about the load... average...?". He'd make up some garbage, and I'd log all of it. This way I could bury him both for being a sexist bastard and for being a lying piece of trash at the same time.
Let's review. It was a nontrivial amount of work, it kept happening at a steady pace with no relief in sight, it included maddening circumstances at times, and my "teammates" weren't pulling their weight. Most of the time, they didn't do them at all.
I wonder how many other people were completely burned out by this and simply refused all interviews from then on. At some point, I stopped caring about what it "might do to my quarterly review" since I figured that value was only used to punish people who didn't toe the line or to bribe people into being quiet about things they might have "discovered".
In all, I did about 100 phone screens or onsite interviews. Only 2 of them lead to people being hired, and one of them quit exactly a year later. So much for growing the company!
Well-calibrated interviewers, indeed.
January 5, 2013: This post has an update
The Schwartz & Gammell series “Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark” is perhaps one of the most beloved book franchises in horror history. Yes, “Goosebumps” is more popular and Stephen King's “The Dark Tower” has sold more copies but there is something about the “Scary Stories” books that pulls at the hearts of horror fans like nothing else does.
While many of us are waiting on news regarding the film adaptation of the books, author Jake Tri and Andy Sciazko decided to create their own children's horror book (that's also aimed at adults) in the style of “Scary Stories”, complete with haunting imagery that truly evokes the works of Gammell!
The duo is raising funds via Kickstarter and as of this post they are almost 80% funded. Because I was so enamored by the art and the very concept of this project, I reached out to see if I could get a hold of either Tri or Sciazko to discuss the project.
Below is my interview with the pair, who tell us everything you could want to know about the book, their intentions and influences, and a whole lot more. Additionally, we've got some exclusive concept art (note: not final illustrations) that haven't been seen by anyone yet. Lastly, just for fun, we were supplied with images that drew Pokémon in the style of “Scary Stories”. Get on down there and check everything out!
Let's start at the beginning. What is it about horror and horror art that is so appealing and interesting to you?
Andy: Horror has always been a huge influence on my work. While I love the whole “trying-to-creep-you-out” aesthetic to it, I also enjoy the discussion about the inner fears people have which horror can bring to the table. Jake: Whether it's film, literature, or art, the ability of horror to “stick with you” long after you've been exposed to it is unmatched when compared to other genres. You may remember things you consider beautiful, or that make you laugh… but you never forget something that truly terrifies you.
There's obviously a lot of inspiration, at least when it comes to the art, from Schwartz and Gammell's “Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark”. What is it about that style that drew you in?
Andy: Gammell's artistic style and approach to storytelling so thoroughly freaked me out as a kid; I still remember wanting to skip certain pages because they seemed to be physically crawling out of the book. But, that dark style introduced me to the works of Ralph Steadman, Bill Sienkiewicz, and Dave McKean. Gammell literally jumpstarted my interest in illustration by scaring the hell out of me. Jake: In elementary school there used to be fights on library day about who got to reserve those books. When you finally got your hands on them, it was almost like you possessed something a kid wasn't supposed to have, and that was the exciting part. You would slowly turn the pages, and when you came across illustrations like “Sam's New Pet” you were hit with a type of delightful disgust only Stephen Gammell could create. If Nightmare Soup can recapture even just a small bit of that nostalgic horror, then we've done our job.
Tell me about the book itself and what readers can expect?
Jake: Nightmare Soup is a collection of 30 short stories, each accompanied by some pretty ghastly illustrations from Andy. The book is for both kids AND adults, so you can expect some twisted, original, and entertaining stories that are also free of major adult themes, and that aren't overly graphic or explicit in nature. The tone is very similar to that of the old “Scary Stories” books.
Where did the inspiration for the stories come from?
Jake: Inspiration for the stories came from all over the place. Many are directly from nightmares I've had, or stories my family members and friends would tell me. For instance, my aunt maintains til this very day that when she was a kid, a woman with stringy black hair, sunken in facial features, and long, jagged fingernails would just stand outside her window and scratch at the glass while she tried to sleep.
Your announcement hit the front page of Reddit's r/creepy, which is a very popular subreddit. What do you make of that kind of positive response?
Andy: I am honored that people responded in such a positive (and insanely quick) manner! Definitely was not expecting to see a front page post! Thank you to you Redditors! Jake: I was especially pumped about the Reddit response. Not only was it at the top of r/creepy but it also hit the front page, and since I've been a Redditor for quite some time, that really meant a lot to me. I have to give the Reddit community a HUGE thank you as they really got the ball rolling and put a big dent in the funding goal we're looking to hit. Plus I'm pretty happy about all those sweet, sweet karma points I gained, ha!
What is going to make “Nightmare Soup” stand apart from other similar books?
Andy: I believe that readers will get a sense of campfire nostalgia, not just from the themes and storylines, but also the pacing of each tale. I went with a similar approach in my illustrations, keeping in the same realm as the classics while in my particular brand of chaotic looseness. Jake: The fact that both kids and adults will be able to enjoy a horror book (both separately and together) is pretty unique in my opinion, as most things are pretty slanted one way or the other. It certainly makes for a challenge on our part, but hopefully adults will get that sense of creepy nostalgia and kids will get that feeling of excitement and delightful disgust I alluded to earlier. Plus we tried extremely hard to make sure the stories aren't cliché and too predictable.
I know that the first book isn't even out yet but are there any plans for a second book (or more) if this proves to be a successful venture?
Jake: Oh absolutely, I would love to work with Andy on some additional projects. Maybe next year you'll see Nightmare Soup: The Second Helping, ha. I also thought it might be cool to adapt some old pieces of work like Alice in Wonderland, but with Andy's nightmarish illustrations.
Horror for kids is a tricky territory for some because there's the worry of making it “too scary”. How do you balance something that will give children nightmares but not scar them for life?
Andy: I feel that my method, while still horror, has more of a comic/cartoonish feel. And although there will be complete nightmarish imagery in the illustrations, kids will still catch a brush stroke, a paint spatter, or coffee drips that will remind them it's only a drawing. Jake: I think it's all about using “suggestion” as effectively as possible. For example, implying something terrifying happened can often be just as effective as writing a gruesome, gory depiction of it. In fact, sometimes the implication is even creepier.
Additionally, how do make it exciting and fun for adults?
Andy: It is my hope that the adults that are reading will have that subtle hint of complete childhood terror creeping about them as they turn every page. Jake: I think for adults the trick is to keep the stories as original as possible, and as I mentioned earlier, to stay away from your standard horror clichés. There are a lot of things that are universally scary at any age, and it's been my job to identify what those “things” are. Plus, Andy's illustrations are going to disturb you in the best way possible.
What are some of your own favorite children's horror stories?
President Trump has expressed his displeasure with a new system for launching planes from the next generation of Navy aircraft carriers, and said in an interview that he's ordered the Navy to scuttle the high-tech electromagnetic system in favor of an old-fashioned steam catapult.
"[You're] going to goddamned steam, the digital costs hundreds of millions of dollars more money and it's no good," Trump recounted telling the Navy.
Trump says he was upset with reports of problems with the new Electromagnetic Aircraft Launch System, or EMALS, which is an integral part of the new Gerald R. Ford-class aircraft carriers. For decades, carriers have launched their aircraft using steam catapults, which takes up a large amount of space below decks and requires heavy maintenance. Since the Navy decided that the Ford class of carriers would use electromagnetic catapults, the service has wrestled with whether the technology would be mature in time to be used aboard the first ship in the class, the Gerald R. Ford, which will be commissioned this year.
Trump toured the ship and gave a speech in the ship's hangar deck on March 2, and called for a 12-carrier Navy.
In the interview with Time conducted Monday night, Trump recounted a conversation he had with an unnamed official about problems with EMALS built by General Atomics.
"I said you don't use steam anymore for catapult? No sir. I said, 'Ah, how is it working?' 'Sir, not good. Not good. Doesn't have the power. You know the steam is just brutal. You see that sucker going and steam's going all over the place, there are planes thrown in the air.'
Trump said that "sounded bad to me."
"Digital. They have digital. What is digital?" he told Time.
"And it's very complicated, you have to be Albert Einstein to figure it out. And I said — and now they want to buy more aircraft carriers. I said what system are you going to be — 'Sir, we're staying with digital.' I said no you're not. [You're] going to goddamned steam, the digital costs hundreds of millions of dollars more money and it's no good."
Reached for comment, Huntington Ingalls said "The catapult system is provided to us by the government," and referred follow-ups to the Navy.
General Atomics has not responded to a request for comment. A spokesperson for the Navy said Thursday morning that officials were formulating a response, then said at the end of the day it would not be commenting.
"Obviously the president has an incomplete understanding of electromagnetic catapult system," said Loren Thompson, COO of the Lexington Institute, a policy think tank that is partially funded by industry. "The legacy catapult is the last vestige of the steam-powered Navy. The electromagnetic system is the wave of the future. The idea that the Navy would not want to move on to the latest technology is not consistent with making America great again."
The Time magazine interview was published early Thursday morning.
Mr Abbott said he would launch a 'fundamental review' of parliamentary entitlements, saying there was a discrepancy between "what is within the rules and what is within community expectations".
"It what has become apparent is that the problem is not any particular individual the problem is it's the entitlements system more generally," he said.
With Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Mrs Bishop going to ground over the weekend it had been unclear whether Mrs Bishop still enjoyed Mr Abbott full support, something she had lost from the majority of her Liberal party colleagues by Sunday.
It was clear, however, her full apology and pledge to pay back expenses claims had failed to shift the damaging political agenda brought on initially by the revelation she charged taxpayers for a $5,277 helicopter ride to a Liberal fundraiser last year.
The resignation follows weeks of calls for her to exit the Speakers chair from Labor and crossbench MPs.
Tony Abbott and Bronwyn Bishop meet with retirees at Dee Why RSL in 2013. James Brickwood
Opposition leader Bill Shorten responded by blasting Mr Abbott, saying her resignation "like her apology, was overdue and unrepentant".
"Mr Abbott has blamed the system, but it was Mrs Bishop's addiction to privilege that was the real culprit.
Advertisement
"Mrs Bishop hasn't resigned because it was the right thing to do, it was because she and Mr Abbott realised they had no other choice," he said.
'Bronwyn is a lady'
Unlike other coalition ministers, however, Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce came out in defence of Mrs Bishop's use of expenses on Sunday, saying they were not unreasonable and attending fundraisers was an unpleasant but necessary part of politician's jobs in a system driven by donations.
ELECTION 2010 Tony Abbott and Bronwyn Bishop campaigning in 2010. Glen McCurtayne GPM
Mr Joyce said Mrs Bishop was compelled to attend many events as she was seen as a crowd-puller and getting chauffeured there was part of doing her job.
"Bronwyn is a lady, who when things are busy, it's not unreasonable that she will have someone help her drive her to what ever job she's got.
"Obviously if you are at an event, there's alcohol here, you do not want to be getting in a car to go home. That is part of life of a politician," he said.
Raft of claims
Advertisement
A deluge of claims she misused expenses on chartered flights, helicopter rides, weddings and arts events were joined by even more reports over the weekend including:
Those allegations fall on top of a number of previous controversial expenses claims including:
Mrs Bishop has asked the Department of Finance to investigate Mrs Bishop's expenses going back 10 years, which Labor and frontbencher Kelly O'Dwyer are demanding are made public.
Mr Abbott said he had appointed former Secretary of the Department of Finance, David Tune, and Chair of the Remuneration Tribunal, John Conde, to co-chair a committee to examine politicians' entitlements, expected to report in the first half of 2016.
Mr Shorten reiterated that his party would agree to a review of the entitlements system.
Programming Freedom - February 1995 - Number 11
League For Programming Freedom
1 Kendall Square #143
P.O. Box 9171
Cambridge, MA 02139
Programming Freedom is the Newsletter of The League For Programming Freedom. Visit our web page: http://lpf.ai.mit.edu . Reproduction of Programming Freedom via all media is encouraged. To reproduce a signed article individually, please contact the author for permission.
Professor Donald Knuth of Stanford University is the world's leading authority on algorithms. His magnum opus, the three volume work the "The Art of Computer Programming," is the most important reference work on algorithms. Knuth also developed the mathematical text formatter TeX and the idea of "literate programming". Supporting evidence of Knuth's position are the following distinctions:
National Medal of Science Member, National Academy of Sciences Member, National Academy of Engineering Fellow, American Academy of Arts and Sciences Turing Award, Association for Computing Machinery 18 Honorary Doctorates
The first four of these distinctions are the highest American awards for scientists. Since there is no Nobel prize in computing, the receipt of the Turing award is often regarded as having a similar status.
Through these honors, Knuth is perhaps the most distinguished living exponent of the field of computer science. He is also now a member of the League for Programming Freedom.
Here is the letter he sent in February 1994 to the Patent Commissioner on the subject of software patents.
Commissioner of Patents and Trademarks Box 4 Patent and Trademark Office Washington, DC 20231 Dear Commissioner: Along with many other computer scientists, I would like to ask you to reconsider the current policy of giving patents for computational processes. I find a considerable anxiety throughout the community of practicing computer scientists that decisions by the patent courts and the Patent and Trademark Office are making life much more difficult for programmers. In the period 1945-1980, it was generally believed that patent law did not pertain to software. However, it now appears that some people have received patents for algorithms of practical importance - e.g., Lempel-Ziv compression and RSA public key encryption - and are now legally preventing other programmers from using these algorithms. This is a serious change from the previous policy under which the computer revolution became possible, and I fear this change will be harmful for society. It certainly would have had a profoundly negative effect on my own work: For example, I developed software called TeX that is now used to produce more than 90% of all books and journals in mathematics and physics and to produce hundreds of thousands of technical reports in all scientific disciplines. If software patents had been commonplace in 1980, I would not have been able to create such a system, nor would I probably have ever thought of doing it, nor can I imagine anyone else doing so. I am told that the courts are trying to make a distinction between mathematical algorithms and nonmathematical algorithms. To a computer scientist, this makes no sense, because every algorithm is as mathematical as anything could be. An algorithm is an abstract concept unrelated to physical laws of the universe. Nor is it possible to distinguish between "numerical" and "nonnumerical" algorithms, as if numbers were somehow different from other kinds of precise information. All data are numbers, and all numbers are data. Mathematicians work much more with symbolic entities than with numbers. Therefore the idea of passing laws that say some kinds of algorithms belong to mathematics and some do not strike me as absurd as the 19th century attempts of the Indiana legislature to pass a law that the ratio of a circle's circumference to its diameter is exactly 3, not approximately 3.1416. It's like the medieval church ruling that the sun revolves about the earth. Man-made laws can be significantly helpful but not when they contradict fundamental truths. Congress wisely decided long ago that mathematical things cannot be patented. Surely nobody could apply mathematics if it were necessary to pay a license fee whenever the theorem of Pythagoras is employed. The basic algorithmic ideas that people are now rushing to patent are so fundamental, the result threatens to be like what would happen if we allowed authors to have patents on individual words and concepts. Novelists or journalists would be unable to write stories unless their publishers had permission from the owners of the words. Algorithms are exactly as basic to software as words are to writers, because they are the fundamental building blocks needed to make interesting products. What would happen if individual lawyers could patent their methods of defense, or if Supreme Court justices could patent their precedents? I realize that the patent courts try their best to serve society when they formulate patent law. The Patent Office has fulfilled this mission admirably with respect to aspects of technology that involve concrete laws of physics rather than abstract laws of thought. I myself have a few patents on hardware devices. But I strongly believe that the recent trend to patenting algorithms is of benefit only to a very small number of attorneys and inventors, while it is seriously harmful to the vast majority of people who want to do useful things with computers. When I think of the computer programs I require daily to get my own work done, I cannot help but realize that none of them would exist today if software patents had been prevalent in the 1960s and 1970s. Changing the rules now will have the effect of freezing progress at essentially its current level. If present trends continue, the only recourse available to the majority of America's brilliant software developers will be to give up software or to emigrate. The U.S.A. will soon lose its dominant position. Please do what you can to reverse this alarming trend. There are far better ways to protect the intellectual property rights of software developers than to take away their right to use fundamental building blocks. Sincerely, Donald E. Knuth Professor Emeritus
http://lpf.ai.mit.edu
Democratic candidate's campaign perseveres despite Hillary Clinton's delegate count but seems to be shifting focus to long-term impact on US politics
From the dying embers of his presidential campaign, Bernie Sanders has forged a new slogan that gives a clue to what the defiant leftwinger will do after losing the Democratic nomination to Hillary Clinton.
“The struggle continues” might not have the wit of “feel the Bern” or the ambition of promising “political revolution”, but it hints at the dogged approach he is likely to take when he meets Barack Obama and other party leaders in Washington to discuss reconciliation on Thursday.
To the dismay of some Clinton supporters hoping for a swift capitulation from their Democratic opponent, Sanders has already scheduled another large rally immediately after his White House appointment and intends to contest the final primary election in Washington DC next Tuesday.
But there is a subtle change in tone that suggests that plans to take this undefined “struggle” all the way to the party convention in Philadelphia next month need not be the divisive slog that the establishment fears.
As an exhausted campaign team returned to its Vermont headquarters to recuperate on Wednesday, the official message was already pivoting from its recent focus on a narrowing path to victory in the nomination race and back to the long-term policy objectives that first electrified so many supporters.
“Sanders will discuss a wide range of issues, including getting big money out of politics, his plan to make public colleges and universities tuition-free, combating climate change and ensuring universal healthcare,” said a confirmation of Thursday's rally in DC that made no mention of the coming primary or the now mathematically impossible race to catch Clinton's pledged delegate lead.
Close allies have also begun to say in public what many have been saying in private for weeks now: that this is about winning hearts and minds to a cause, not winning delegates. The official rhetoric about maintaining a “path to victory” was largely a pretext for keeping the media spotlight on these policy messages for as long as possible.
“While his campaign has not won a majority of pledged delegates, it has reshaped American politics for the better,” said Dan Cantor, national director of the Working Families Party, after Clinton's stronger-than-expected win in California.
“It has expanded what's possible. He tapped into deeply held sentiments about a rigged economy and a broken political system, and built a mass movement of people who believe we can do better and demand solutions that match the scale of the crises.”
There is still plenty of rancour, too, especially after a 14-month battle with Clinton that came closer to defeating her than anyone predicted. Victory in 23 contests over the course of the primary season not only repeatedly raised hopes that winning the nomination was possible, but also brought out the competitive instincts in both campaigns.
Internal emails leaked to Politico this week suggest that some Sanders advisers worried that the public battles with Clinton became too bitter, and the Vermont senator was allowing personal pique to cloud his judgement.
But he has also needed to manage the even more passionate mood among supporters, whose propensity to oppose Clinton at every opportunity Sanders was already visibly trying to tamp down at his election night rally in Santa Monica on Tuesday, when he attempted to quieten boos from the crowd after mentioning her name.
To those supporters, this looks like victory rather than defeat. Not because they are stubbornly ignoring electoral reality (although many of them have been), but because issues that have been neglected by the party for decades will now be at the heart of its presumptive nominee's efforts to win them over in the coming weeks.
“They've never been more fired up,” added Cantor. “We're just as proud today to be part of a political revolution that is only beginning.”
There are so many rules made for women – that they should be demure yet enthusiastic, confident yet humble, and many ways we as women name ourselves in order to better reflect who we are in society.
But what is it about the term ‘ambitious shrew who needs to get fucked' that still makes some women flinch?
After all, women are just as likely as men to be shriveled old bags of dirt who really need to get laid for once. Isn't it time we admit that? Isn't it time we stop skirting those discussions and embrace them full on? For the sake of women everywhere, it's time to take on the label of conniving frigid cow so the world can finally see we're not ashamed to be who we are.
In the past, women who admitted to being frigid old bitches who had replaced sex with power were punished. But it's time that's changed. It's 2017, for Christ's sake. I think we're ready for a woman to finally stand up and say, “Hey, I'm a boss bitch nasty old hag who needs a man to remind me what I'm good for.” It would be so empowering to hear that!
Imagine a world where women admitted that the only reason they were trying to claw their way up the professional ladder with their nasty vole claws was just because they weren't having sex that was good. Is that so wrong to accept? No, embrace it!
Sure, it sounds dirty and degrading by old-fashioned standards, but millennial women are ready to embody new gender roles—ones where they fully embody the harsh feminine energy of acting like a batty old hen who's just trying to rule the roost because she couldn't keep the rooster crowing.
Are you with my ladies? If you're ready to set yourselves free, say it with me: “I am an ambitious shrew who needs to get fucked and I don't care who knows it!”
Australian hemp growers ready for good times as industry expands
Posted
Eighty years after hemp cultivation was banned in Australia, the industry is enjoying a second coming.
Sir Joseph Banks sent hemp seeds on the First Fleet so the fledgling colony could establish a crop to help make rope and sails.
However, drug concerns led to cultivation being banned in 1937.
In the background of a ban on human consumption in Australia, which has just been overturned, the industry has been slowly rebuilding for export for the past 20 years.
Hunter Valley-based farmer Bob Doyle, the head of the Australian Industrial Hemp Alliance, said Australian growers have been exporting hemp seeds as a food product for several years, even under the domestic human consumption ban.
"Australia is just catching up. The rest of the western world has had the food approved for a long time," Mr Doyle said.
Newcastle organic shop owner Phil Maher agrees that the seeds are very popular.
"We get inquiries about hemp seeds every day, but we can't talk about their fantastic benefits. So we point people to other avenues to get the appropriate information," he said.
In Australia, they can only be sold as a component of skincare products.
But high in protein and omega 3, they are tipped to become the next superfood on local supermarket shelves.
"They are really, really versatile, so they don't need any preparation," Mr Maher said.
"You can just sprinkle them on food, or put them in a smoothie, or add them to your cooking."
The industry is now predicted to double in size over the next 12 months after clearing the major legislative hurdle.
"At the moment most of that grain will end up being imported," Mr Doyle said.
"Australia is actually not ready to grow enough of its own."
The industry has struggled to expand as farmers battled restrictive legislation.
"To date it's been the government and it's been from police. They've been the ones holding up food approval," Mr Doyle said.
He said the problem is that the low-THC industrial plant looks the same as the plant used as an illicit drug.
Now that Federal Government approval is through it is hoped that NSW state legislation will be finalised by the end of the year.
As a fibre product, the outside of the stalk, known as the bast, is exported to be made into rope and other textiles.
The inside pith is being processed domestically as a building product, to be used in walls.
"This is a great opportunity for the farmers in New South Wales, we know this industry is worth about $150 million in the United States and our farmers can get a piece of that now right here," said NSW Primary Industries Minister Niall Blair.
Medicinal industry still on the outer
Mr Doyle said that as Australia is already very good at growing grain crops it would be relatively easy to transition to the crop.
"From a fibre point of view, people compare it to growing cotton," he said.
"There will be a need for more growers, without any doubt to meet the demand there is a need for more growers right across the country.
"It's one plant with three very good uses — food, fibre and medicinal."
While the hemp industry is looking to expand for food and fibre, roadblocks remain in the medicinal sector.
The state's chief scientist, Mary O'Kane, recently said there are still legal hurdles around the local production of medicinal cannabis.
At the moment, terminally ill patients have to rely on imported products or the black market.
"New South Wales is leading the nation on medicinal cannabis trials," said Minister Niall Blair.
"We are doing it the appropriate way, with the appropriate agencies involved, and that's something other states could take stock of."
Topics: agricultural-crops, drugs-and-substance-abuse, health-administration, dungog-2420
The feng shui for this meeting is not propitious. Almost every significant interest group in the United States, and many political forces in China, have been offended by recent developments in the bilateral relationship. In July and August, Washington was reeling from a massive theft (attributed to China) of Office of Personnel Management data. My four-year-old granddaughter, like many other listeners, heard a more-than-faint resemblance between the smash-hit music from Disney's Frozen and Beijing's musical masthead for the recently awarded 2022 Beijing Winter Olympic Games. The U.S. Department of State's Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor picked the moment when the Chinese government is apoplectic about foreign “subversion” to release a call for NGOs to submit “Statements of Interest” in competing for $10 million to “support the bureau's policy priorities of fostering democracy and human rights in China,” going on to advise potential applicants that “projects should have direct and lasting impact by promoting reforms and structural changes that take advantage of changing social and political dynamics in China…” Not to be outdone, with the U.S. trade deficit with China climbing rapidly, Beijing devalued its currency, thereby energizing many in the U.S. Congress to again agitate against currency “manipulation,” even though this devaluation may be a way-station toward a more market-driven exchange rate mechanism. All this was occurring amid an upswing in the arrest of lawyers and human rights activists in China, thereby energizing the American Bar Association, the New York Bar Association, and many others around the world to criticize human rights trends in the country.
All in all, this has been a terrible summer for U.S.-China relations, with both sides taking initiatives that empower those in each society that view the other increasingly as a strategic competitor.
Climbing the Real Summit
Going back to 1949, it is hard to discern a time in which Washington and Beijing have sent out more mutually contradictory strategic signals to each other. Given the tendency in both capitals to pay greater attention to negative than positive messages, there is a downward momentum in ties that is very concerning. This strategic slide needs to be addressed during Xi's state visit. Unless the two presidents focus on this underlying problem, the upcoming summit may come to be viewed in history as having simply been a brief respite in the unhappy journey to more friction and perhaps intense conflict. Presidents Barack Obama and Xi Jinping need to develop and articulate a shared, more coherent, constructive, and domestically compelling rationale for the bilateral relationship, and then bring their respective behaviors into alignment with that vision. Given the domestic politics in both countries, this is a long shot.
Japanese Sales Chart: Oreshika on PS Vita Debuts at Over 90,000, Can't Beat Yokai Watch 2
Not even a debut of over 93,000 for Oreshika: Tainted Bloodlines on PlayStation Vita could stop Yokai Watch 2, which followed up its 1.3 million performance two weeks ago by moving another 331,000 copies last week.
Despite the success of Yokai Watch 2, the 3DS hardware fell by over 23,000 units, while the PlayStation Vita dropped over 11,000. Elsewhere in hardware, the Wii U once again defeated the PlayStation 3, and the PS3 outsold the PlayStation 4 by a fair margin.
Here's how each system sold, along with the top 20 selling games in Japan between July 14 and July 20, 2014, according to Media Create:
Systems (Last Week in Parentheses)
3DS LL – 31,192 (55,531) PlayStation Vita – 27,352 (38,907) Wii U – 8,209 (8,658) PlayStation 3 – 7,389 (7,763) PlayStation 4 – 6,456 (7,150) 3DS – 6,185 (6,425) PlayStation Vita TV – 2,249 (1,803) PSP – 556 (779) Xbox 360 – 129 (140)
Games (Lifetime in Parentheses)
Yokai Watch 2: Ganso/Honke (3DS) – 331,946 (1,648,653) Oreshika: Tainted Bloodblines (PS Vita) – 93,775 Atelier Shallie: Alchemists of the Dusk Sea (PS3) – 43,744 Gundam Try Age SP (3DS) – 21,524 Mario Kart 8 (Wii U) – 14,992 (542,358) Yokai Watch (3DS) – 12,790 (1,208,077) Freedom Wars (PS Vita) – 9,761 (262,427) Taiko Drum Master: Don and Katsu's Space-Time Great Adventure (3DS) – 9,258 (101,478) Pokémon Art Academy (3DS) – 5,714 (69,636) Watch Dogs (PS3) – 5,628 (59,585) Grand Theft Auto V Low Price Version (PS3) – 5,090 (23,659) Pokémon X/Y (3DS) – 4,925 (4,106,912) Murdered: Soul Suspect (PS4) – 4,467 FIFA 14 (PS4) – 4,094 (67,541) Monster Hunter 4 (3DS) – 3,905 (3,311,605) Watch Dogs (PS4) – 3,455 (85,832) Happe-chan Minna de Odekake! Wakuwaku Hoppe Land!! (3DS) – 3,433 Pro Evolution Soccer 2014: Aoki Samurai no Chousen (3DS) – 2,996 (70,108) Persona 4 Golden (PS Vita) – 2,929 (304,785) Wii Sports Club (Wii U) – 2,898
With Oreshika doing so well in Japan, do you think it deserves a physical release in Europe?
[Source: 4Gamer via Gematsu]
The 2013 MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference had a lot of key takeaways: That Larry Sanders is a great defender, that optical tracking data is the bomb, that as important as being smart is getting your point across in an accessible way.
Underrated, however, was a fascinating finding from smart guys Justin Rao (of Microsoft) and Matthew Goldman (from U.C. San Diego). Their presentation was about when teams should shoot 3s, but nestled in the paper was new and powerful evidence that in crunch time, the best teams get even better.
Yes, this confirms what a thousand jocks and pundits have been saying for a century. That's part of the reason it's so surprising! But also because, by and large, it has been tough to come up with real evidence that anybody could truly consistently raise their games in this way. And they have interesting ideas about what's causing it all.
- Brightwing is fantastic at sneaking enemy mercenary camps with this skill. The fact that she can quickly take Siege Giants and then simply teleport out means that she'll be virtually uncontested in doing so. It's even possible for her to take a Siege Giant camp on her own early by just Bribing one and killing the other. Combine this with the fact that anotheron the team means a free Knight camp and you're in business. Bribewing!- Envenom is a very strong skill in general right now. Early in the game, not many heroes can deal with this short of tapping the well, and it might be too late for that. Later on, it can be used to add to your team's burst. There's also an instant component to the ability that can finish off fleeing heroes. Overall this is a very solid pickup which personally fits with my very aggressive playstyle on... I mean, Brightwing.- This skill is just far too good to pass up. The passive healing fromis already quite good, and the cooldown on Brightwing's abilities are short enough that you will be casting them almost all the time. You will get an absolutely absurd amount of value out of this pickup, and it's really the only no-brainer selection in Brightwing's kit. This is what makes her and her team so annoying to deal with.- This ability takes a lot more skill thanto utilize effectively, but the added utility is just too good to pass up most of the time. It's hard to get a skill that has both initiation, disengage, AND hard CC in such a neat package, with insane range and decent damage to boot.- This ability has great synergy with, besides its obvious benefit. You can use this for a quick burst of healing on your team, as well as a double duration Polymorph on a particularly annoying enemy Hero. Just a solid choice all around!- This is a tough tier - everything here has its merits. However, I believe that with, this talent offers you the most additional utility for your team, allowing you to completely obliterate a single target as quickly as possible. That being said, be sure to check out the Alternatives below, since this is probably the tier with the most personal choice.- A tough choice between this andgives you a much longer duration CC on your, while also slightly buffing the amount of damage it deals. This can be very very annoying to deal with, and slightly edges out the ability of Blink to get you into a better position.
Early Game
Mid Game
Late Game
Teamfights
Brightwing is incredibly strong in the early game. Her abilities are just as strong here as later, and are more difficult to play around.will negate most of the enemy laner's harass, andat level 4 will allow you to pick up a lot of early kills, or bully someone entirely out of lane. On a map like Haunted Mines,will allow your allies to be incredibly aggressive.Be sure to stay in lane as much as you can early game, as you want to be building up your [{Bribe]] stacks. Once you have at least 1 stack, it's possible to steal the enemy team's Siege Giants, particularly if you have an ally with. You can then teleport out to an ally for a clean steal!is actually relatively useful during this phase for itscomponent, as Heroes are taking pot shots at your allies rather than focusing on them entirely. That being said, remember that it's still more useful to use this as an escape or initiate or general move speed buff than for theDuring the mid game, it's still best for you to hang around in lanes and split push. Not only can you teleport out whenever you want with, you're also boosting up yourstacks. Note that you should be sticking with your allies if they are roaming, getting kills, and in need of healing, as it's much more useful to be gettingoff with your team and pushing lanes with them than pushing one on your own.You should get a feel of when it's okay to return to base for Mana, as you will often find yourself running on empty after fights or just in general practice. Since Brightwing is able to useto return to the battlefield instantly, you'll want to return to the fountain often, drink up, then return to the most relevant allied Hero when you're full.By now you might very well have your level 20 talents.gives you some fantastic initiation with, and makes you even more slippery in general. At this point you should be focusing on usingto burst down enemy Heroes, if you've taken this talent and it's not necessary for some other purpose. Other than that, your late game is functionally identical to your mid game.Your most obvious task as Brightwing is to keep your team alive by any means necessary. Remember to constantly use all of your abilities on cooldown during a fight, in order to maximize the healing provided by. However, you should also be looking for key times to use, ideally to cancel a scary Hero Ability, but even just to stop someone from finishing off someone on your team.Also keep an eye on your melee allies, and be prepared to useto either reduce the damage they take, or to speed them up to get the finishing blow. If you have to disengage, useor. Your strength lies in AoE healing, so you should be focusing on keeping the lowest health target from going down as much as you can, as they are the most likely to kick the bucket without focused healing.
Resources For Teachers and Students of Early American History
Archiving Early America provides the in-depth background that allows you to understand this country's formative years. For free access to our extensive body of information, click here The U.S. Constitution (read the full-text here) is the greatest document for personal freedom ever written by man. You'll find it at Freedom Documents , along with the Declaration of Independence full-text ) and the Bill of Rights . Read the first public printing of the Constitution as it appeared in The Pennsylvania Packet on September 19, 1787.
See the Freedom Documents...»
Rare Photos AMAZING Photos of the Last Veterans of The Revolutionary War In The Early America Review! AMAZING Photos of the Last Veterans of The Revolutionary War In The Early America Review! See the photos...»
Dish Network's ad-skipping Hopper DVR likely doesn't violate copyright law and should remain on the market, a federal appeals court ruled today.
TV networks have been attacking the Hopper with great ardor in the past year. Fox and NBCUniversal sued the Hopper in 2012, asking a judge for an order to get the Hopper off the market while a trial was pending. The request for a preliminary injunction was denied in November, but the networks appealed. Now that appeal has been decided in Dish's favor.
Meanwhile, Fox celebrated the 2013 edition of the Hopper with a fiery court motion blasting the new box, insisting use of the device's features isn't "consumer place-shifting"—rather, "it is piracy."
At CBS, the legal department took the remarkable move of censoring its own news team in the name of fighting Dish. CNET editors chose the Hopper as the "Best in Show" at this year's CES convention, but that decision was squelched by CBS lawyers. The brouhaha resulted in CES taking the job away from CNET altogether and the resignation of a well-known CNET reporter.
The rhetoric may be getting hotter, but the ad-skipping DVR is going to stay on the market. The US Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit upheld the lower court judge's decision to side with DISH, saying that Fox "had not established a likelihood of success on this claim." At the end of the day, the copies on a Hopper DVR are made "at the user's command," the three-judge panel noted. Even though many details of the copying are up to Dish—it's up to Dish how long the copies are kept, for example—they are still fundamentally copies made by the user, not by Dish.
Even better for Dish, the appeals court found that it's likely to succeed on a fair use defense. Dish customers make home, noncommercial copies, and those are legal—just like the home copies made on VCR tapes that were at issue in the famous 1984 Betamax case.
In one section, the court reminds Fox that the ads it is complaining about being skipped aren't even its own content:
Commercial-skipping does not implicate Fox's copyright interest because Fox owns the copyrights to the television programs, not to the ads aired in the commercial breaks. If recording an entire copyrighted program is a fair use, the fact that viewers do not watch the ads not copyrighted by Fox cannot transform the recording into a copyright violation. Indeed, a recording made with PrimeTime Anytime still includes commercials; AutoHop simply skips those recorded commercials unless a viewer manually rewinds or fast-forwards into a commercial break. Thus, any analysis of the market harm should exclude consideration of AutoHop because ad-skipping does not implicate Fox's copyright interests.
The lawsuit against Dish can still move forward, but in the meantime, the Hopper will remain on the market. The case is being litigated in a Los Angeles federal court.
“This decision is a victory for American consumers, and we are proud to have stood by their side in this important fight over the fundamental rights of consumer choice and control," Dish's general counsel said in an e-mailed statement.
In a statement to The Wrap, Fox emphasized that there was a "very high" bar to win a preliminary injunction. The network added: "This is not about consumer choice or advances in technology. It is about a company devising an unlicensed, unauthorized service that clearly infringes our copyrights and violates our contract."
Jose Mourinho will reach a significant milestone on Sunday when Chelsea FC play West Bromwich Albion
Chelsea FC travel to The Hawthorns on Sunday afternoon to take on West Bromwich Albion. Hot off the signings of Abdul Baba Rahman and Pedro, there will be a decidedly different atmosphere around the club as Jose Mourinho takes charge of his 300th Blues game.
RELATED: How Chelsea FC Spoilt Manchester United's Pedro Party
The boss will become only the fifth manager in Chelsea FC history to break the 300 competitive game mark. Having presided over 185 clashes during his first spell at Stamford Bridge, Sunday afternoon marks his 115th game since returning to West London.
Mourinho has the fourth best winning percentage of all managers in Chelsea's history, with 195 victories in 299 matches yielding him a 65% record. The men who can claim victory, so to speak, in this department are Avram Grant, who won 67% of his games, Guus Hiddink (73%) and Ray Wilkins (100%).
Having said that, Ray Wilkins was only ever in charge for one game, while Avram Grant failed to win when it really matters (ie. in a final). Everyone loves Guus Hiddink so we won't try and tarnish him.
Mourinho will no doubt be unfussed over such a milestone and will be wholly focused on getting his severely misfiring Chelsea team into shape. The Blues have been close to abominable so far this season, but the management have finally acted to bolster a squad that was in dire need of it.
Mourinho will be able to call upon a pair of exciting new signings after Abdul Baba Rahman and Pedro joined the club in the past few days. The arrivals, especially that of the latter, have done much to lift the mood around the club. Scrolling through our feed on Twitter (@prideolondon), it is almost as if new life has been breathed into Chelsea fans around the word. Hell, spirits had fallen so low that some morons had even resorted to calling for Mourinho's head!
RELATED: Chelsea FC: Pedro Speaks On His Transfer
Now, the skies are blue again and the optimism is back. Mourinho will expect his players, new and old, to make Sunday's meeting with WBA a memorable one that kickstarts the club's campaign. My colleague Zahir Gilani may not be too convinced that the Blues will run riot over the Baggies, but even an ugly win will do.
That is literally what Chelsea need at the moment. A win. Three points. Victory. An ability to score more goals than the opposition team.
Hopefully Jose Mourinho's 300th game will bring us just that.
“He is doing extremely well,” Thierry Henry enthused. “He is going to score goals but it is his all-round game that I am so impressed with. That has no price. As a fan you are waiting to have a player like that. Finally we have one.”
It didn't take Alexis Sanchez long to justify the hype. Receiving the ball on the right-hand side of the penalty area after fine link-up play between Mesut Ozil and Jack Wilshere, the forward looked up and calmly swept a low shot past Tolga Zengin.
That matchwinning goal against Besiktas last August was his first for the club and perhaps his most important so far, ensuring Arsenal's place in the Champions League group stage for the 17th consecutive season.
"The supporters here are very cheerful and enlivening, which is a very nice thing, and my team-mates are really kind too. My goal now is to take Arsenal as high as possible" Alexis Sanchez
Alexis hasn't looked back since. His first Premier League goal followed four days later, at Leicester, and he emphatically announced himself to English football in his next appearance - acrobatically volleying past Joe Hart in Arsenal's 2-2 draw against Manchester City at Emirates Stadium.
The goals have kept coming, albeit not as frequently since the turn of the year. Nonetheless, be it clinical curled finishes, precise free-kicks, thunderous long-range strikes or slaloming solo runs, the Chilean's showreel of superb strikes has grown ever longer during a virtuoso first season in north London.
City boss Manuel Pellegrini hailed Alexis as “the best player in England” shortly before the forward helped Arsenal to win at Etihad Stadium in January, while Arsène Wenger has praised the speed with which the 26 year old has adapted and integrated himself into the squad.
There was more approval from Henry too. Arsenal's all-time record goalscorer has described the Chile forward as a player “we should all be happy with”. Alexis is the first player since Henry to score 20 goals in a debut season at Arsenal.
The way he reached that milestone, deftly shifting the ball away from Kolo Toure before arrowing a fierce shot into the roof of the net in the impressive recent 4-1 win over Liverpool, is a fine example of the poise, touch and explosive finishing capabilities he possesses.
Arsenal fans have taken Alexis to their hearts and voted him as the club's player of the month three times in a row between last September and November. They have come up with a song, serenading him with ‘Alexis Sanchez baby', to the tune of The Human League's 1980s hit ‘Don't You Want Me'.
The man himself is pretty pleased with his start to life in London too and, having helped Arsenal win the Community Shield on his debut, now has his sights set firmly on more silverware.
Alexis Sanchez
Alexis, how would you sum up your first season in England? I am well adapted to the country and the league but of course I must keep on learning. I want to expand my knowledge of English football in general and of the club and my team-mates in particular, but overall I love this league. At the end of the day, football was invented in this country, right? I live where football was invented. That makes me really happy.
How easy was it to settle in, both at Arsenal but also in London? It hasn't been really easy but so far my spell here has been a very positive one. I like the city a lot and I feel really comfortable at the club. The supporters here are very cheerful and enlivening, which is a very nice thing, and my team-mates are really kind too. My goal now is to take Arsenal as high as possible.
What facets of your game and your character helped you to settle quickly? Ever since I started watching the Premier League, I found English football very appealing. I hope to keep on learning from my team-mates and to keep on improving day after day. That's what I'm here for.
Alexis Sanchez
Let's go right back to the start. Do you remember how you became interested in football as a child growing up in north Chile? I always liked football. I loved it since I was a child. I remember telling my mother I was back from school, even if I had skived the lessons just to play football throughout the day. It didn't matter to me playing with school shoes on. I just wanted to play. Football helped me forget my worries and problems. I can't be without a football at my feet.
Did the worn out shoes or a blank schoolbook offer hints that you hadn't been? Despite my worn out shoes and broken trousers I always said yes when I was asked if I had been to school. On the other hand, when I was asked about my broken clothes I said I fell down. I always found a good excuse to keep on playing football.
What was life like in Tocopilla? When I was a kid I had to go to school every day. After the lessons I´d go to a grocery store to get some fruit or a bit of bread just before playing football. Football is very popular in Tocopilla. Sometimes I played and sometimes I stared at another game, ready to join in, in case a player was missing. I was happy to come into a game despite having school uniform on.
Alexis Sanchez
It wouldn't take long until you got scouted for those kickabouts… That's right, although I was the youngest of all. I was about 13 years old, whereas the majority of the guys playing those games were about 25 or 26 years old. I learnt how to cope with knocks and tackles.
Which players did you idolise in those days? I didn't have any particular idol as I didn't watch much television, but I admired those Chilean players who were successful at the time, guys like Marcelo Salas and Ivan Zamorano. My mum is my biggest idol.
Can you tell us the story about the mayor of the town and your boots? There was a time in which I had no football boots as my mum didn't have money to buy a pair for me. I begged for new boots at home, but unfortunately my mum couldn't pay for them. At that time I was the most important player for Arauco, the municipality's football team. My mum went to Arauco's city hall to ask for some sort of grant to the town's mayor so I could have a new pair of boots. I wasn't aware of her move until one night at 10pm a delivery van stopped at my doorstep with some brand-new boots for me. I put them on straight away and I started playing in the street. I was really happy about that.
Alexis Sanchez
Did you dedicate your first goal in your new boots to her? Yes I did, although during my first games with my brand-new boots I focused more on the boots than on the game itself.
How challenging was it to move to Europe at such a young age? I can adapt well to anything as long as I play football. Football is my passion and I am happy as long as I chase a ball.
How does the Premier League differ from what you were used to at Barcelona? Here in the Premier League you can get beaten 3-0 by a team near the bottom of the table. That's not an unusual thing in English football and is also why any prediction ahead of matches can be very deceptive. Regardless of how good or bad the team you play against is, you can feel that there's a huge crowd and pressure everywhere you go. I really like that.
Do you think it was easier to win matches in La Liga? That depends on really. When I played for Barcelona, I knew that some home games were going to be easier than some others as the team had plenty of confidence. That confident mentality helped Barcelona players to win games. However, a confident mentality may not be enough when it comes to the Premier League. Your opponent is going to run and fight endlessly, regardless of your confidence levels.
Is the high tempo the most surprising aspect of playing in Premier League? It is indeed. Every team is really strong. For instance, you cannot take for granted any in-game score in this league. Any team can score goals in the last minutes of the game and I like that. Arsenal have impressed in the FA Cup again this season, memorably winning at Old Trafford en route to Wembley.
How did you feel after beating Manchester United at their own stadium? Very tired! It was a really physically demanding game, a box-to-box one. I got back home both happy and exhausted. The team played the game with a great attitude and with a genuine spirit to win it from the very first minute. We never put our head down against a top club like Manchester United and that attitude gave us the victory.
Alexis Sanchez
The win at Old Trafford wasn't the first time this season that the team displayed that competitive and hardworking side to their game either… That's true. We also played like that away at Manchester City. We showed a great winning mentality that day. If we add that to the very talented squad we have we will be able to beat anyone.
We're in the closing months of the season now. How do you feel about the team's chances? It's all down to us. If we want to stay in the top four or climb some places in the table we must maintain the winning mentality. I always say that mentality is a crucial aspect in a football environment. If a footballer goes on the pitch with the right mentality, he will perform well.
What's the team spirit like at Arsenal? How do you feel you have integrated here? I'm a happy man who chats to everyone. My aim is to improve in every training session. I love to play with the ball so much that sometimes they ask me to relax and leave the ball a bit! I want to win titles for Arsenal. We have the right team and the right players to do it. We have everything to collect silverware.
Alexis Sanchez
How positive is the environment in the team at present? I would say it's very positive, not only among the players, but I would say that extends to the staff too. Everyone at the club is always available for us and that's a great thing for us to have as players.
Buy the magazine Read more in this month's magazine Subscribe now
Which of your team-mates have impressed you the most since you arrived at the club? When I arrived at the club I didn't know the players that well, but I was really surprised by everyone's quality. I'm not saying this just because it's my obligation to do it as a club player. Every Arsenal footballer has an amazing quality. Being part of a team like this makes me very proud and I am willing us to win many titles here.
You seem to have struck up a real understanding with Santi Cazorla. What can you tell us about him? Santi Cazorla is a spectacular player. You never know whether he will kick the ball with the right or the left foot. Besides, he moves with short but quick strides, which is a remarkable trademark too. Although I knew about his quality, playing alongside him makes me very happy.
Finally, you passed 20 goals for the season recently. Which has been your favourite for Arsenal so far? I really like a free-kick I scored against Southampton in the Capital One Cup. It was during one of my first games for the club, we got a free-kick about 25 yards out and I managed to score. I screamed with pure joy when I saw the ball hitting the net.
Cricketer-turn-politician Navjot Singh Sidhu, who plays a celebrity judge in a popular television comedy show, is willing to broker peace between bickering programme host Kapil Sharma and fellow comedian Sunil Grover.
Kapil and Sunil had a fight when they were flying back with their team to New Delhi after a show in Melbourne. Apparently, Kapil got drunk on the Air India flight last Friday, belittled Sunil and also physically assaulted him. Kapil apologised to him on Twitter, but the two have yet to patch up.
“Kapil and Sunil are brothers. Being a senior member of the show, it is my duty to bring them together again,” said Sidhu, a cabinet minister in the new Congress government in Punjab.
“It is a show that is much loved by the people,” he said, referring to the hugely successful The Kapil Sharma Show on Sony.
Sidhu is associated with show right from the start, and enjoys a great rapport with entire crew, including Kapil and Sunil.
Besides the Kapil-Sunil feud, the 53-year-old Sidhu's participation in the show has also come under a cloud as government ministers are not supposed to promote private programmes.
Though the comedians and the crew were initially quiet about the spat, Sunil took to Twitter to express his feelings and all hell broke loose after that.
A source, who was onboard the 12-hour flight, said the fight broke out after Kapil took umbrage as his crew started having their meal before he finished his drink. He apparently drank an entire bottle of Glenfiddich whisky.
Sunil tried to calm down Kapil, but was yelled at. “Kapil got up, took off his shoe, and hit Sunil,” the source said.
Kapil apparently shouted at Sunil, “Gaya tha na tu toh. Aaya na waapas mere hi paas.” This was in reference to Sunil quitting the comedian's previous show, Comedy Nights with Kapil, to start his own on with a rival channel, and later returned after failing to get enough TRPs.
After the latest spat, Sunil has allegedly vowed not return to The Kapil Sharma Show, even if his fee is doubled. His contract with Sony is till April 23.
Kapil had dismissed their feud as “an argument” in a Facebook post but Sunil, in his tweets, asked the stand-up comedian to “start respecting human beings”.
Paji @WhoSunilGrover sry if I hurt u unintentionally.u knw vry well how much I luv u. M also upset .love n regards always:) — KAPIL (@KapilSharmaK9) March 20, 2017
Sunil, who plays the popular characters of Dr Mashoor Gulati and Rinku Bhabhi on Kapil's show, wrote: “thanks for making me realise it was your show and you have power to throw out anybody, anytime … You are the wittiest, and the best in your field. But don't act like a ‘God'.”
For his part, Kapil tweeted that he is sorry if he had unintentionally hurt Sunil. Kapil had even written that he loves Sunil like his “elder brother”.
The two TV actors didn't respond to requests for comments on the fight.
Follow @htshowbiz for more
First Published: Mar 23, 2017 17:58 IST
The USPTO awarded search giant Google a software method patent that covers the principle of distributed MapReduce, a strategy for parallel processing that is used by the search giant. If Google chooses to aggressively enforce the patent, it could have significant implications for some open source software projects that use the technique, including the Apache Foundation's popular Hadoop software framework.
"Map" and "reduce" are functional programming primitives that have been used in software development for decades. A "map" operation allows you to apply a function to every item in a sequence, returning a sequence of equal size with the processed values. A "reduce" operation, also called "fold," accumulates the contents of a sequence into a single return value by performing a function that combines each item in the sequence with the return value of the previous iteration.
Google's MapReduce framework is roughly based on those concepts. A series of data elements is processed in a map operation, then combined at the end with a reduce operation to produce the finished output. The advantage of partitioning a workload this way is that it's extremely conducive to parallelization. Each discrete unit of data in the series can be processed individually and combined at the end, making it possible to spread the workload across multiple processors or computers. It's a fairly elegant approach to scalable concurrency, one that offers efficiency regardless of whether your environment is a single multicore processor or a massive grid in a data center.
Google published a paper in 2004 that described how it uses MapReduce. The paper attracted considerable interest and paved the way for the MapReduce pattern to become a common technique for parallelization. One of the most well-known third-party implementations of MapReduce for distributed computing is Hadoop, an open source Apache project now used by Yahoo, Amazon, IBM, Facebook, Rackspace, Hulu, the New York Times, and a growing number of other companies.
Google's patent on MapReduce could potentially pose a problem for those using third-party open source implementations. Patent #7,650,331, which was granted to Google on Tuesday, defines a system and method for efficient large-scale data processing:
A large-scale data processing system and method includes one or more application-independent map modules configured to read input data and to apply at least one application-specific map operation to the input data to produce intermediate data values, wherein the map operation is automatically parallelized across multiple processors in the parallel processing environment. A plurality of intermediate data structures are used to store the intermediate data values. One or more application-independent reduce modules are configured to retrieve the intermediate data values and to apply at least one application-specific reduce operation to the intermediate data values to provide output data.
Hadoop isn't the only open source project that uses MapReduce technology. As some readers may know, I've recently been experimenting with CouchDB, an open source database system that allows developers to perform queries with map and reduce functions. Another place where I've seen MapReduce is Nokia's QtConcurrent framework, an extremely elegant parallel programming library for Qt desktop applications.
It's unclear what Google's patent will mean for all of these MapReduce adopters. Fortunately, Google does not have a history of aggressive patent enforcement. It's certainly possible that the company obtained the patent for "defensive" purposes. Like virtually all major software companies, Google is frequently the target of patent lawsuits. Many companies in technical fields attempt to collect as many broad patents as they can so that they will have ammunition with which to retaliate when they are faced with patent infringement lawsuits.
Google's MapReduce patent raises some troubling questions for software like Hadoop, but it looks unlikely that Google will assert the patent in the near future; Google itself uses Hadoop for its Code University program.
Even if Google takes the unlikely course of action and does decide to target Hadoop users with patent litigation, the company would face significant resistance from the open source project's deep-pocketed backers—including IBM, which holds the industry's largest patent arsenal.
Another dimension of this issue is the patent's validity. On one hand, it's unclear if taking age-old principles of functional software development and applying them to a cluster constitutes a patentable innovation. On the other hand, Google's MapReduce paper indisputably popularized the concept and is freely characterized by Hadoop's developers as the inspiration behind their project. This suggests that Google is owed some credit by the industry for advancing distributed computing with its MapReduce paper, a factor that could strengthen the patent.
Listing image by Han Soete
The following is a patient story wherein an IT Engineer, Kieran Merry from New Zealand has got his bariatric surgery done successfully from Dr. Randeep Wadhawan, Surgeon at Fortis Hospital Delhi through the assistance from Cosmetic and Obesity Surgery Hospital India.
Hello, my name is Kieran Merry, an IT Engineer by profession in New Zealand. I have got my successful bariatric surgery done through Cosmetic and Obesity Surgery Hospital India. They have helped me to get my surgery by Dr. Randeep Wadhawan, the surgeon at Fortis Hospital Delhi. I still recall my childhood of teasing as a hurtful past being called a fat boy.
I have struggled with weight since the early age of seven and hated how I felt and looked but never found any motivation to make a permanent change. I've tried diets to lose weight but it always came back. Nothing ever stuck with me and eventually I have got the point where I lied to myself about my true feelings that I lack the power to change and was happy being like this. I tried convincing myself as I was big-boned and genetics were to blame however, the truth was I was being miserable and hated for being overweight. It was until the day my doctor told me about my health condition due to overweight and recommended undergoing bariatric surgery. But the expensive cost of bariatric surgery at my native place was well out of my budget. That's the time my friend recommended me about getting the bariatric surgery in India from the Surgeon at Fortis Hospital Delhi, Dr. Randeep Wadhawan.
I began searching for more information online and came across Cosmetic and Obesity Surgery Hospital India, a leading medical service provider in India assisting the foreign patients to get their bariatric surgery at affordable cost from Dr. Randeep Wadhawan, Surgeon at Fortis Hospital Delhi.
I went through their website and filled up their consultation form. Within a couple of days, I got a call from their executive asking about my medical reports and overall general health, so that my case could be studied by Surgeon at Fortis Hospital Delhi, Dr. Randeep Wadhawan. I received the medical expert opinion with the details of the bariatric surgery for me and the schedule. After discussing it with my family, I gave them my confirmation to fly down to India to undergo bariatric surgery from Dr. Randeep Wadhawan, Surgeon at Fortis Hospital Delhi. My sister came along with me during this medical trip to India.
Get Free Consultation with Dr. Randeep Wadhawan at
We received a warm welcome at the airport and were escorted to Fortis Hospital Delhi wherein we met Dr. Randeep Wadhawan. He was a gentleman who explained what to expect during the bariatric surgery and post surgery. This really helped me to clear all my doubts and anxieties I had regarding the surgery. My surgery went as per schedule. The recovery was smooth. I was impressed with the care, compassion I received from the Surgeon at Fortis Hospital Delhi, Dr. Randeep Wadhawan, the nurses and staff took care of all my needs.
I am extremely thankful to Dr. Randeep Wadhawan, Surgeon at Fortis Hospital Delhi and the team of Cosmetic and Obesity Surgery Hospital India for their assistance to plan my bariatric surgery in India.
They have helped with the medical visas, flight ticket booking arrangements, food, stay, appointment with doctor, etc. I would recommend you to anyone seeking economical bariatric surgery in India to get it scheduled through them.
Thanking You,
Kieran Merry, IT Engineer, New Zealand
Read more related articles
Tagged فورتيس مستشفى نيودلهي الهند , الدكتور رانديب ودهون , أعلى السمنة مرض السكري جراح في الهند
A New Arab cameraman captured the picture on Wednesday in east Mosul [TNA]
A US soldier fighting alongside Iraqi special forces has been photographed in the flashpoint city of Mosul dressed in an Iraqi military uniform.
A US soldier fighting alongside Iraqi special forces has been photographed in the flashpoint city of Mosul dressed in Iraqi military uniform.
A cameraman from The New Arab captured the picture on Wednesday in east Mosul. The soldier was seen holding a video camera and dressed in the black fatigues and helmet of Iraq's Counter-Terrorism Service [CTS].
An Iraqi military officer told The New Arab that US troops were stationed at a headquarters in the city's al-Zuhour district close to the ongoing fighting against IS militants.
"US forces have become pivotal to any advances made by the Iraqi military and CTS inside Mosul," the source, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said.
"The US troops are a security precaution, however, there are members of the joint operations command who do not want them there," he added.
Tens of thousands of troops launched a huge offensive to retake Mosul, Islamic States' last major bastion in Iraq, and areas around it on October 17.
On Wednesday, The New Arab reported that recent advances in the south-east of the city have been supported by US ground forces, with the 101st Airborne having entered the city in recent weeks, and been caught up in fighting close to the al-Salam hospital.
This marked the first time conventional US forces have been involved in combat operations inside the city during this offensive.
The gains come just a day after reports that clashes had broken out between IS' foreign and Iraqi fighters.
The clashes were reported to have come after foreign fighters refused to allow Iraqi families to flee front lines in the east of the city to western Mosul.
Iraqi forces have retaken at least 80 percent of east Mosul from IS, the spokesman of the special forces spearheading the campaign said on Wednesday.
The initial phase of the offensive saw a variety of forces retake significant swathes of land in little time but the going has been tough inside the city itself.
After a lull in operations, the CTS and other forces stepped up their coordination and, with increased air and advisory support from a US-led coalition, launched a fresh push just before the New Year.
Last year, photos emerged of US special forces dressed in Kurdish fatigues, fighting alongside the Kurdish-Syrian People's Protection Units [YPG] during its offensive in Syria's Raqqa province.
My previous post on how Body Positivity is killing women, went viral, thanks to Areo Magazine kindly republishing it.
It also raised some follow-up question, and snarky comments, which needs to be followed through.
In the wake of the University of Birmingham's extensive study, which states that people with a high BMI are at greater risk of developing either coronary heart disease, a stroke, heart failure or peripheral vascular disease (PVD) compared to healthy, normal BMI numbered people, now it's time to finally admit the obvious, that being obese WILL cause health problems, and it is time to stop sugar coating the truth and start yelling from the roof tops the reality if one actually wants to start saving lives.
The body positivity movement that the larger community have formed on social media sites such as Instagram and Facebook is spearheaded mainly by plus size model Tess Holliday. Her Instagram following alone is at 1.4 million (despite the controversy over her online shop allegedly scamming fans and stealing from charity) and her movement Eff your beauty standards Instagram has 352k followers, abounding with positive, empowering quotes, and gallant, shapely women, standing up to the “social norm” and being illustrious of their bodies. If you read my last post, you will know my rationale on this, but to reiterate, despite the camaraderie and benevolence surrounding this crusade, it is still warping the mind of a generation, convincing them that despite medical evidence and extensive research (3.1 million people, the biggest in a study similar to this) that living this way is unhealthy, a drain on medical resources, and to put it bluntly, a deplorable foreboding demise.
An affinity of people, who have an overt issue with eating, all congregating and persuading one another that they're fine, that nothing is wrong with them and it is everyone else's problem that have an aversion with way you look/are? Sounds awfully familiar to me. In 00's, the days of the newly innovative MSN messenger and one of the pioneers of social media platforms, Myspace, another unfortunate trend plagued the internet; pro-ana/mia sites.
For those who are too young and unaware of what the much publicised pro-ana/mia sites are, they are websites created to encourage, spurs on and swap tips between people suffering with anorexia and bulimia that will furtherance their quest to a skinnier and smaller body.
Now obviously I am not directly comparing the body positive movement to the pro-ana sites, there are variances, for instance, from what I can see, there is no encouragement to exuberate peoples weight problem, but the message and motivation behind both of these factions are acutely similar. Both have created a safe space with no judgement and no negative comments, only admiration for each other's bodies, a worldwide applaud for being yourself, encouragement and consolation for doing what you want despite you going against the popular phantasm of what should be right that hoards the public views and saturates the media; and of course, the scientific fact. All of this in defiance of the health implications. The inevitable, broken, dolorous affinity with food, and the fact that simply it isn't right.
The most distinct difference between the two though is the social perception. One was grotesquely shunned, with bans on media sites such as Tumblr, Instagram and Myspace, and called for the websites to be shut down and blocked the same way as porn was. They were regularly brought up in TV shows, and deemed as evil and a way to feed a mental illness. Maybe even causing death. But this organization that sits on the opposite side of the scale is being praised. Adopted by feminism, hailed as a breakthrough, a voice for the “real woman” and is brainwashing millions into thinking that having issues with food, being overweight and shortening your life expectancy is something to be proud of. It is encouraging eating disorders. Just as pro –ana/mia sites are.
According to the eating disorder charity b-eat, 50% of eating disorders reported were either binge eating disorder or EDNOS (eating disorder not otherwise specified, which diagnostics recently have stopped using as a criteria). So surely we should not be celebrating and encouraging this disorder the same way pro-ana/mia does for bulimia and anorexia? Why do we delicately tip toing around this issue? Is it the number of people who are behind it? The feminist babysitters who also stand up for the bigger sister and will take everything that isn't their opinion as hate speech and will brutally attack without checking the facts?
As mentioned before, I have already written about my distaste for the body positive movement, and the ramification it is having on the western healthcare and a generation's future, and many of the comments received have been pretty abhorrent. Some even came from people who hadn't even read the article, but still decided to form an opinion and preach with the masses. I was told to “fact check” (despite the scientific facts and stats being there, and linked in the piece). I was called names. But what astounded me most was the body shaming I received. The feminist “sisterhood”, supposedly a collection of women who picket for all body types, saw I was a bit of a gym bunny and instantly accused me of being an exercise addict, that it's a mental illness, and to top it off, I was pitied by the commenters. How can one possible be heard, when people won't listen, unless it is what they want to hear. If I was approached with facts and figures, proving this lifestyle is safe, healthy and positive, I will grab my spoon, eat humble pie and look further into it. But no one does. And the other side won't reciprocate the gesture.
Do not mistake my concerns for an attack on obese people or bullying; if anything I am overly concerned for a generation that is heading to premature deaths, but not before suffering with heart disease, diabetes, joint pain and the other numerous, debilitating health woes that is costing our health services resources that could be used for things like cancer. One of the most detrimental aspects of this movement is the political correctness persona it hides behind. Doctors in the UK are warned against using the word fat in case they hurt people's feelings. Medical professionals are not allowed to tell it like it is for the sake of their patient's health, in case they get upset. The attacks I was subjected to were not justified with fact or evidence, they were delivered as a result of people's feelings being hurt. In the PC world we now live in, we would rather cushion everyone into a false sense of security, instead of telling the brutal truth, shocking people into reality and maybe getting them to change for the better.
My wake-up call was when my GP told me I was infertile at the time. I said what will make me fertile again? I was told that my weight isn't helping the situation. So in my own head, I told myself “you being fat is stopping you being fertile. What have you done? Why are you living like this? Damaging yourself so much that you're now exuberating current health problems.” I was ashamed. And that shame drove me to lose weight and live a healthy lifestyle. Now all of my health problems are under control and I rarely see my once frequently visited GP. Unfortunately, not everyone thinks the same way as me, and the false sense of security that the PC world has created has now penetrated the public's consciousness, which subsequently does the opposite to protect, but drives them blindly to a life of a miserable, obese prison while convincing themselves and others that they are fine.
I feel that the two movements in these respects are the same; but are directly on opposite ends of each other. Whenever I try to explain myself, I always depict a seesaw, and both health endangering communities are level on either side, but we need to find a medium. Society should exact a campaign for a healthy lifestyle and a healthy mind set. An active conduct paired with a balanced diet. It is that simple. If we don't, then this perilous epidemic will be claiming lives of thousands too soon; it's time to wake up a realised just how treacherous, ugly and formidable this movement really is, despite its size.
February 19, 2013 3 min read
Crowdfunding advocates raised the volume today on their call to push the Securities and Exchange Commission to finalize rules needed for business owners to raise equity through crowdfunding.
"This is a story about capital," said Sherwood Neiss, principal of consulting and advisory firm Crowdfund Capital Advisors and a chair of the not-for-profit crowdfunding organization Crowdfunding Professional Association. He was one of about a dozen crowdfunding supporters making their pitch at the National Press Club in Washington, D.C., today.
The SEC has already missed several deadlines to write rules to structure the implementation of the Jump start Our Business Startups Act, known as the JOBS Act.
SEC spokesperson John Nester said in an email that Commission is working on the rules among other priorities and that they'll be done "as soon as possible," but it is putting an "emphasis on getting them right."
Related: Crowdfunders Press the SEC: What Is Taking So Long?
"We can not move without the SEC's help," said Candace Klein, the CEO of SoMoLend, a debt platform to help local communities support the small businesses in their neighborhood, and a co-chair of the Crowdfunding Professional Association. The next step would be for the Commission to issue proposed rules for public comment before voting on a final version.
Klein expects "some kind of movement" toward the end of this year, but there is continued uncertainty as to whether the JOBS Act rules will be handed down for public comment before or after Mary Jo White officially takes over as SEC Commissioner later this year.
Klein says that members of the Crowdfunding Professional Association have met with SEC officials at least 30 times to help them understand crowdfunding and the protections already in place and the precautions that the industry is taking.
Related: Loans, Contracts and Jobs: How Federal Spending Cuts Could Affect You
For example, one fraud-prevention service available to crowdfunders is CrowdCheck, which provides a background report to all investors in a clear and readable manner. CrowdCheck founder Sara Hanks, a securities lawyer with 30 years' experience, says she is working to dispel the concern that entrepreneurs using crowdfunding "are going to defraud our grandmothers." Chris Tyrell, the Principal of Nehemiah Investments, a family investment office in Princeton, N.J., pointed out that equity crowdfunding has already been happening across the globe with very high success rates.
The JOBS Act, passed in April, will allow entrepreneurs to sell a portion of their company equity to anyone with the cash and the interest, not just restricting investments to accredited investors as under the current law. It also would lift a ban that prevents entrepreneurs from publicly soliciting money.
Related: Entrepreneurs Like Obama's Call for Tax Reform, Immigration Overhaul and Deficit Accord -- Minimum-Wage Hike, Not So Much
Have you raised money for your business with crowdfunding? If so, what was your experience like? Leave a comment below and let us know.
A robot in a strange world. Pieces of meat lingering on a floor bloodied by your exploits. Beneath the surface of a strange planet lie dozens of mutated creatures awaiting demise at your hands. However, in this fascinating world, it is the design and technology of this wild environment that captures Game Lens' attention.
This article discusses A Robot Named Fight, a game by Matt Bitner, and contains minor spoilers.
They call you Fight, and for all you know, that is the sole purpose of your existence. As you groggily stand up from your knees in a graveyard for mech, you know that your only goal is destruction, helping technology triumph over the grotesque, meaty things that infest your world. That is all you are instructed before you open your eyes to an alien world with nothing but a gun.
Throughout your endeavors on this strange planet, you will meet horrendous creatures standing in the way of even more horrifying monstrosities - staunch defenders of the Megabeast, the enslaving overlord. As luck would have it, it is Fight's raison d'être to eradicate the meaty disease that has seen mech made all but extinct on its flailing planet.
A Robot Named Fight is an upcoming indie game developed solely by Matt Bitner that blends together two unlikely genres - a metroidvania that met the roguelike genre to become a wonderful creature in a strange world. A Robot Named Fight does not diverge from the individual characteristics of the metroidvania and roguelike genres. However, the marriage of the two genres, combined with the gory, SNES-inspired graphics and the game's own quirks make for an exceptional experience.
A forgiving game, A Robot Named Fight invites you to explore an unusual, ever-changing planet that only wants you dead. It is easy to lose yourself beneath the crude surface of the planet where players find themselves, and that is why Game Lens took the plunge, exploring the gory, bloodied interior of a foreboding world.
Peeling Away A Meaty Surface
Room after room, you pilot Fight beneath the metallic surface of your planet. The lifeforms increasingly resemble abominations as they multiply, obstructing you from ridding the planet of its fleshy infection. It is a formula that does not stray far from your average roguelike game, with opponents that are not particularly intelligent or challenging, except when in numbers. Conversely, each randomized labyrinth seems to have a mind of its own.
You would be forgiven if you thought that each maze beneath the planet's surface was hand-crafted just for you, like a sentient being that carves out a path to the ultimate monstrosity hanging from the sky. Game Lens took an in-depth look at procedural generation a few months ago, outlining the pros and cons of one of the most common techniques in modern roguelike games. In an age where procedural generation has become a regular fixture in roguelike games, A Robot Named Fight does not reinvent the wheel, but finds its own way to stand out as Matt Bitner told Game Lens.
Matt Bitner saw in the technique a tool that greatly enhances replayability. Nonetheless, procedural generation also comes with its own pitfalls, as the developer told Game Lens. "Procedurally generated levels can often be repetitive and maze-like, with dead ends and meaningless paths," Matt explained. Unabated, he went on to describe how he "wanted to use the principles of a metroidvania and item-driven exploration to give more direction to procedurally generated levels."
"I had to create a system where rooms could support multiple kinds of exits, communicate the kinds of exits they support to the level generation algorithm and then let the level generation algorithm filter rooms and make decisions based on that information."
Matt Bitner UPLOAD REMOVE
It was from this ambitious ideal that the core procedural generation engine in A Robot Named Fight came to be. At the start of each playthrough, the game picks ten items from a pool of more than sixty objects. Subsequently, Matt's algorithm builds a dungeon built around the abilities granted by this mix of weapons and powers.
Thanks to this algorithm, A Robot Named Fight manages to strike a balance between curated and procedurally-generated content; the rooms themselves were designed by Matt, but the dungeons are created on the fly. In this way, the algorithm bridges the gap between procedurally generated content and the curated touch of a level designer. Nevertheless, designing rooms that are capable of achieving this goal was not a simple task, with Matt having to keep in mind the various quirks of the system while creating them.
In reality, the algorithm works charmingly. Upon every death and every birth, you are cast into a new, classical metroidvania dungeon. Unfailingly, the path to your triumph is crystal clear, as if the maze itself was guiding you with invisible hands. In short, what Matt created is an elegant solution comprising two types of rooms - those that are accessible, and those that will become accessible when the required items are found. As for the players, this system reduces the need to backtrack to find the right path. The alternative is not only a frustrating experience, but an unnecessary risk for players in a video game where death signals a definitive end.
That is not to say that the game does not suffer from flaws. For example, the lack of direction requires players to experiment with their abilities, having to discover the applicability of power-ups on their own. Notwithstanding the burden of the design shortcomings, A Robot Named Fight's procedural generation algorithm masterfully avoids creating impersonal dungeons, hiding the imperfections until players discover the game's secrets for themselves.
Tempting Fate
Procedural generation poses design questions beyond the superficial make-up of a dungeon. Luck plays an integral role, particularly when the labyrinth is built around a small number of objects. Consider, for example, seeking a balance between items - ensuring none are too strong, or too weak for that matter. It is not far-fetched to imagine luck taking center stage, which is undesirable if you consider that a video game should be driven by player choices. Matt Bitner evoked this dilemma with Game Lens - a pursuit to strike the delicate balance between luck and player control. The first solution is the dungeon itself.
Matt's algorithm does not stop at creating dungeons with an origin, a destination, and the connecting rooms in-between. In fact, the game creates a sprawling network, filled with nooks and crannies that not only present unwarranted danger, but also reward the daring adventurer. In this way, exploration is recompensed by new abilities, ore that can be crafted into useful objects, and minor items that improve Fight's attributes.
The second solution adopted by A Robot Named Fight to counteract pure, luck-based gameplay are Allies - fellow robots who turn ore into useful items, including guns, orbs and maps. Although the game falls short in explaining what purpose the items on sale serve, seasoned players will be able to decipher icons and know what it is that their playthrough is missing, and use Allies to plug the shortcomings. In Matt's own words, "as the player becomes more familiar with the game they can use their familiarity to make wiser choices at shops and overcome unlucky item RNG [Random Number Generation]."
"The player has the choice to take the time to search these [items] out, trading speed and time for power. They can also find scrap around the world that Allies can use to forge additional power ups selected from a list, granting the player some influence over their build." Matt Bitner
UPLOAD REMOVE
The gameplay's micro-decisions - such as the choice of empowerment over time, and the inherent risks of exploration over the peril of being unprepared for a boss fight - give player the chance to embrace luck, or to tempt fate. Nevertheless, Matt Bitner's decisions do not serve to eliminate luck altogether, for good reason.
The right cocktail of power-ups and attribute boosters can create an overpowered character that obliterates opposition and bathes in chaos. Under the right circumstances, this yields an enjoyable run, but not only that; an unfair advantage arising from this randomness gives inexperienced players a fighting chance. And like before, players do not have to rely on pure luck.
A Robot Named Fight also rewards exploration and progress with new content - items that can either present new opportunities in future playthroughs, or orbs that can accompany players on new adventures. As a result, the game gets noticeably easier with time, improving upon the age-old roguelike formula. Ultimately, the game succeeds in finding the sweet spot where luck and player choices may co-exist.
A Meaty Underworld
It takes time to explore hell. From killing monsters to discovering the secrets of your meat-infested abode, mastering technique does not come cheaply, nor without risks. As a roguelike game, A Robot Named Fight forces you to exercise caution. Safety itself costs time, and as a result, determining the ideal length of a playthrough can be challenging.
Do you use save slots, or would that kill the spirit of a roguelike game? Do you enforce a time limit, or would that exacerbate the difficulty of an already-challenging genre? Questions such as these arise in any game development environment, which is why Game Lens brought up the length of A Robot Named Fight with its developer.
In its essence, A Robot Named Fight is not particularly difficult; most monsters have predictable patterns, and a few power-ups are enough to beat the tougher kinds. Seasoned players of the roguelike genre might even argue that it is too easy, especially when considering that each playthrough includes no less than three checkpoints. Yet if there is one thing that the game nails, it is the playthrough length, which ties in perfectly with the difficulty conundrum.
"The shorter play time makes the permadeath less punishing, allows for a higher overall difficulty, and also emphasizes replayability by limiting the number of items available in a single run to a unique subset." Matt Bitner UPLOAD REMOVE
Having gotten used to the game, completing it can take less than an hour - even as little as 35 minutes, according to Matt Bitner. That hour is chock-full of content, but Matt told Game Lens that it ensures it is short enough that permadeath is not too punishing. At the same time, playthroughs are long enough to allow players to discover and grow comfortable with their Fight build. In fact, players will find themselves using this hour to fine-tune their character, get acquainted with their new abilities and prepare tactics to avoid an untimely demise.
This hour of discovery and self-exploration also serves as a wholesome factor for replayability. Indeed, starting the game from scratch does not feel like a punishment, but like a fresh start. The wide array of usable items results in vastly-diverse playthroughs, and experimenting with putting your skill set to use is a refreshing experience. There is more to the experience than just randomly-generated characters, however.
It is the attention to detail that separates a good game from a great game. The flying meat, the dripping blood splattered over the floors and the mysterious messages scribbled on walls, as small and insignificant as they may sound, contribute to A Robot Named Fight's experience. And just like how the graphics, the sound effects and little details tell a story, the emotions told by the soundtrack tie everything together.
What is the role of music in video games? Does it take center stage, or does it sit quietly in the corner, observing and occasionally intervening? Perhaps the answer is not important, because what matters is the effect that it leaves on the player. A Robot Named Fight's soundtrack seems to have followed this ideal.
"The music in A Robot Named Fight really sets the emotional tone for each environment. There's really only one character in the game, the player, so whatever narrative they want to project upon the gameplay is up to them and the music is sort of there as a guide." Matt Bitner UPLOAD REMOVE
Matt did not just develop A Robot Named Fight, but he also composed a soundtrack for it. In the beginning of the game, when you are still doe-eyed, looking around at your new locale, you will likely appreciate the accompaniment. However, as time wears on and chaos grips the world, it takes a step back; the soundtrack itself becomes a partner to the player from the shadows.
Perhaps that is what makes the soundtrack so fitting in A Robot Named Fight - a sole adventurer on a seemingly-impossible quest fighting to the rhythm of Matt's soundtrack. Although the game's story is low-key - up to each player to figure out for themselves - the indie game's music is also an attempt to set the tone, enrich the environment and tell its own story, as Matt told Game Lens. "That is not to say that the game does not have a story, but the story definitely is not overt," he admitted. However, he continued, "it [the story] is hinted at by things like the soundtrack and art in each environment, but it is ultimately up to the player to parse it all."
It is not often that a roguelike invites you to look for meaning, and truth be told, A Robot Named Fight does not try to tell you a story. Instead, it sets the stage and lets you fight for your life while exploring a world that tells you a narrative through graffiti, weird rooms and other minuscule details.
It is beneath the rubble, the scrap metal and the mounds of meat that players will discover what defines their persona. Finding a meaning in chaos is no mean feat. Make no mistake, however - with time, you will grow to relish the mayhem wrought by your destruction.
And you will grow attached to Fight over and over again - as long as it takes for the Megabeast's guts to be hanging out over the sky.
This article was made possible thanks to Matt Bitner, who graciously accepted to answer Game Lens' questions. A Robot Named Fight will be released on Steam for Windows and OSX on the 7th of September, 2017.
Image copyright PA
A 60-year-old woman who wants to use her late daughter's frozen eggs to give birth to her own grandchild is continuing her legal battle.
The woman is appealing against the UK regulator's refusal to allow her to take her only child's eggs to a US clinic to be used with donor sperm.
Her daughter, who died five years ago, was said to have approved of the plan.
The mother lost a High Court case last year but was subsequently granted permission to challenge the decision.
The latest round of the case is being heard at the Court of Appeal in London, before a panel of three judges.
'Natural sympathy'
The UK fertility regulator, the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority (HFEA), said, in 2014, the daughter's eggs could not be released from storage in London because she had not given her full written consent before she had died, from bowel cancer at the age of 28.
But, in the latest legal proceedings, lawyers acting for the mother told the judges she wanted to fulfil her daughter's wishes to carry a child created from her frozen eggs and "raise that child".
Jenni Richards QC added the eggs would "simply be allowed to perish" if the court did not rule in her favour.
Meanwhile, Catherine Callaghan, appearing for the HFEA, said in a written argument before the court: "It is natural to feel sympathy for the appellants' loss and for their wish to keep their daughter's memory alive by trying to conceive a child using their daughter's eggs."
But it was not the court's role to decide whether it would have permitted the mother to undergo fertility treatment using her daughter's eggs.
Ms Callaghan added: "Rather its role is to determine whether Mr Justice Ouseley erred in concluding that the HFEA's statutory approvals committee acted lawfully and rationally in exercising its broad discretion to refuse to authorise export of the frozen eggs to a treatment centre in New York for use in the way proposed."
'Required consent'
During earlier High Court proceedings in June 2015, the court was told her daughter was desperate to have children and had asked her mother to "carry my babies".
Lawyers acting for the mother and her 59-year-old husband told Mr Justice Ouseley the daughter would have been "devastated" if she had known her eggs could not be used.
But the judge ruled that the HFEA was entitled to find the daughter had not given "the required consent" and said there had been no breach of the family's human rights.
Although she consented for her eggs to be stored for use after her death, she did not fill in a separate form outlining how she wished them to be used.
He said he was dismissing the case "conscious of the additional distress which this will bring to the claimants, whose aim has been to honour their daughter's dying wish".
It was thought if the case had been successful her mother could have become the first person in the world to become pregnant using a dead daughter's eggs.
In February 2016, when seeking permission to appeal, her lawyers argued there was "clear evidence" of what the daughter wanted to happen to her eggs when she died.
'Prospect of success'
Lord Justice Treacy said the case papers had left him doubtful as to whether there would be "sufficiently strong" reasons to allow the challenge to continue further.
But after hearing submissions in court, he concluded there was "an arguable case with a real prospect of success".
Untitled a guest Nov 9th, 2011 4,471 Never a guest4,471Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 1.10 KB //File: %install_dir%/steam/steamapps/common/dota 2 beta/dota/cfg/autoexec.cfg //Binding Console to any other key will disable console from opening on the dashboard, and it can only be opened in a game. Also, pressing Tilde (`) anytime in console will close it bind "F2" toggleconsole //HoN Like Courier - Tilde (`) swaps between courier and hero alias "hon_courier" "marx_select_courier" alias "marx_select_courier" "dota_select_courier; alias hon_courier marx_select_hero" alias "marx_select_hero" "+dota_camera_follow; alias hon_courier marx_select_courier" //Quick Courier - Tilde (`) tells the courier to get all items in stash, send them to the hero, and then reselects your hero //Optional: Uncomment dota_ability_execute 4 to force the courier to use his speed boost, this has potential to waste the boost if you accidentally press it! alias "quick_courier" "dota_select_courier; dota_ability_execute 2; dota_ability_execute 3; //dota_ability_execute 4; +dota_camera_follow" bind "`" "{YOUR COURIER CHOICE: hon_courier OR quick_courier}" //Automatically join the reddit channel! chat_join reddit
RAW Paste Data
//File: %install_dir%/steam/steamapps/common/dota 2 beta/dota/cfg/autoexec.cfg //Binding Console to any other key will disable console from opening on the dashboard, and it can only be opened in a game. Also, pressing Tilde (`) anytime in console will close it bind "F2" toggleconsole //HoN Like Courier - Tilde (`) swaps between courier and hero alias "hon_courier" "marx_select_courier" alias "marx_select_courier" "dota_select_courier; alias hon_courier marx_select_hero" alias "marx_select_hero" "+dota_camera_follow; alias hon_courier marx_select_courier" //Quick Courier - Tilde (`) tells the courier to get all items in stash, send them to the hero, and then reselects your hero //Optional: Uncomment dota_ability_execute 4 to force the courier to use his speed boost, this has potential to waste the boost if you accidentally press it! alias "quick_courier" "dota_select_courier; dota_ability_execute 2; dota_ability_execute 3; //dota_ability_execute 4; +dota_camera_follow" bind "`" "{YOUR COURIER CHOICE: hon_courier OR quick_courier}" //Automatically join the reddit channel! chat_join reddit
Defining a language
A grammar defines a language.
In computer science, the most common type of grammar is the context-free grammar, and these grammars will be the primary focus of this article.
Context-free grammars have sufficient richness to describe the recursive syntactic structure of many (though certainly not all) languages.
I'll discuss grammars beyond context-free at the end.
Components of a context-free grammar
A set of rules is the core component of a grammar.
Each rule has two parts: (1) a name and (2) an expansion of the name.
For instance, if we were creating a grammar to handle english text, we might add a rule like:
noun-phrase may expand into article noun.
from which we could ultimately deduce that "the dog" is a noun-phrase.
Or, if we were describing a programming language, we could add a rule like:
expression may expand into expression + expression
If we're working with grammars as mathematical objects, then instead of writing "may expand into," we'd simply write $\rightarrow$:
noun-phrase $\rightarrow$ article noun
expression $\rightarrow$ expression + expression
As an example, consider the classic unambiguous expression grammar:
\[ \mathit{expr} \rightarrow \mathit{term}\; \mathtt{+}\; \mathit{expr} \\ \mathit{expr} \rightarrow \mathit{term} \\ \mathit{term} \rightarrow \mathit{term}\; \mathtt{*}\; \mathit{factor} \\ \mathit{term} \rightarrow \mathit{factor} \\ \mathit{factor} \rightarrow \mathtt{(}\;\mathit{expr}\;\mathtt{)} \\ \mathit{factor} \rightarrow \mathit{const} \\ \mathit{const} \rightarrow \mathit{integer} \]
So, how do we know that 3 * 7 is a valid expression?
Because:
expr may expand into term;
which may expand into term * factor;
which may expand into factor * factor;
which may expand into const * factor;
which may expand into const * const;
which may expand into 3 * const;
which may expand into 3 * 7 .
Backus-Naur Form (BNF) notation
When describing languages, Backus-Naur form (BNF) is a formal notation for encoding grammars intended for human consumption.
Many programming languages, protocols or formats have a BNF description in their specification.
Every rule in Backus-Naur form has the following structure:
$\mathit{name}$ ::= $\mathit{expansion}$
The symbol ::= means "may expand into" and "may be replaced with."
In some texts, a name is also called a non-terminal symbol.
Every name in Backus-Naur form is surrounded by angle brackets, < > , whether it appears on the left- or right-hand side of the rule.
An $\mathit{expansion}$ is an expression containing terminal symbols and non-terminal symbols, joined together by sequencing and choice.
A terminal symbol is a literal like ( "+" or "function" ) or a class of literals (like integer ).
Simply juxtaposing expressions indicates sequencing.
A vertical bar | indicates choice.
For example, in BNF, the classic expression grammar is:
<expr> ::= <term> "+" <expr> | <term> <term> ::= <factor> "*" <term> | <factor> <factor> ::= "(" <expr> ")" | <const> <const> ::= integer
Naturally, we can define a grammar for rules in BNF:
$\mathit{rule}$ $\rightarrow$ $\mathit{name}$ ::= $\mathit{expansion}$
$\mathit{name}$ $\rightarrow$ < $\mathit{identifier}$ >
$\mathit{expansion}$ $\rightarrow$ $\mathit{expansion}$ $\mathit{expansion}$
$\mathit{expansion}$ $\rightarrow$ $\mathit{expansion}$ | $\mathit{expansion}$
$\mathit{expansion}$ $\rightarrow$ $\mathit{name}$
$\mathit{expansion}$ $\rightarrow$ $\mathit{terminal}$
We might define identifiers as using the regular expression [-A-Za-z_0-9]+ .
A terminal could be a quoted literal (like "+" , "switch" or "<<=" ) or the name of a class of literals (like integer ).
The name of a class of literals is usually defined by other means, such as a regular expression or even prose.
Extended BNF (EBNF) notation
Extended Backus-Naur form (EBNF) is a collection of extensions to Backus-Naur form.
Not all of these are strictly a superset, as some change the rule-definition relation ::= to = , while others remove the angled brackets from non-terminals.
More important than the minor syntactic differences between the forms of EBNF are the additional operations it allows in expansions.
Option
In EBNF, square brackets around an expansion, [ expansion ] , indicates that this expansion is optional.
For example, the rule:
<term> ::= [ "-" ] <factor>
allows factors to be negated.
Repetition
In EBNF, curly braces indicate that the expression may be repeated zero or more times.
For example, the rule:
<args> ::= <arg> { "," <arg> }
defines a conventional comma-separated argument list.
Grouping
To indicate precedence, EBNF grammars may use parentheses, () , to explictly define the order of expansion.
For example, the rule:
<expr> ::= <term> ("+" | "-") <expr>
defines an expression form that allows both addition and subtraction.
Concatenation
In some forms of EBNF, the , operator explicitly denotes concatenation, rather than relying on juxtaposition.
Augmented BNF (ABNF) notation
Protocol specifications often use Augmented Backus-Naur Form (ABNF).
For example, RFC 5322 (email), uses ABNF.
RFC 5234 defines ABNF.
ABNF is similar to EBNF in principle, except that its notations for choice, option and repetition differs.
ABNF also provides the ability to specify specific byte values exactly -- detail which matters in protocols.
In ABNF:
choice is / ; and
; and option uses square brackets: [ ] ; and
; and repetition is prefix * ; and
; and repetition n or more times is prefixed n * ; and
or more times are prefixed ; and repetition n to m times is prefix n*m .
EBNF's { expansion } becomes *(expansion) in ABNF.
Here's a definition of a date and time format taken from RFC 5322.
date-time = [ day-of-week "," ] date time [CFWS] day-of-week = ([FWS] day-name) / obs-day-of-week day-name = "Mon" / "Tue" / "Wed" / "Thu" / "Fri" / "Sat" / "Sun" date = day month year day = ([FWS] 1*2DIGIT FWS) / obs-day month = "Jan" / "Feb" / "Mar" / "Apr" / "May" / "Jun" / "Jul" / "Aug" / "Sep" / "Oct" / "Nov" / "Dec" year = (FWS 4*DIGIT FWS) / obs-year time = time-of-day zone time-of-day = hour ":" minute [ ":" second ] hour = 2DIGIT / obs-hour minute = 2DIGIT / obs-minute second = 2DIGIT / obs-second zone = (FWS ( "+" / "-" ) 4DIGIT) / obs-zone
Regular extensions to BNF
It's common to find regular-expression-like operations inside grammars.
For instance, the Python lexical specification uses them.
In these grammars:
postfix * means "repeated 0 or more times"
means "repeated 0 or more times" postfix + means "repeated 1 or more times"
means "repeated 1 or more times" postfix ? means "0 or 1 times"
The definition of floating point literals in Python is a good example of combining several notations:
floatnumber ::= pointfloat | exponentfloat pointfloat ::= [intpart] fraction | intpart "." exponentfloat ::= (intpart | pointfloat) exponent intpart ::= digit+ fraction ::= "." digit+ exponent ::= ("e" | "E") ["+" | "-"] digit+
It does not use angle brackets around names (like many EBNF notations and ABNF), yet does use ::= (like BNF). It mixes regular operations like + for non-empty repetition with EBNF conventions like [ ] for option.
The grammar for the entire Python language uses a slightly different (but still regular) notation.
Grammars in mathematics
Even when grammars are not an object of mathematical study themselves, in texts that deal with discrete mathematical structures, grammars appear to define new notations and new structures.
For more on this, see my article on translating math into code.
Beyond context-free grammars
Regular expressions sit just beneath context-free grammars in descriptive power: you could rewrite any regular expression into a grammar that represents the srings matched by the expression. But, the reverse is not true: not every grammar can be converted into an equivalent regular expression.
To go beyond the expressive power of context-free grammars, one needs to allow a degree of context-sensitivity in the grammar.
Context-sensitivity means that terminal symbols may also appear in the left-hand sides of rules.
Consider the following contrived grammar:
<top> ::= <a> ")" <a> ::= "(" <exp> "(" <exp> ")" ::= 7
<top> may expand into <a> ")" ;
which may expand into "(" <exp> ")" ;
which may expand into 7 .
While this change appears small, it makes grammars equivalent to Turing machines in terms of the languages they can describe.
By restricting the rules so that the the left-hand side has strictly fewer symbols than all expansions on the right, context-sensitive grammars are equivalent to (decidable) linear-bounded automata.
Even though some languages are context-sensitive, context-sensitive grammars are rarely used for describing computer languages.
For instance, C is slightly context-sensitive because of the way it handles identifiers and type, but this context-sensitivity is resolved by a special convention, rather than by introducing context-sensitivity into the grammar.
Parsing
This article covered the process of interpreting grammars and common notations.
A closely related topic is parsing.
Parsing takes a grammar and a string and answers two questions:
Is that string in the language of the grammar? What is the structure of that string relative to the grammar?
For an comprehensive treatment of parsing techniques, I recommend Grune and Jacobs, Parsing Techniques: A Practical Guide :
As an aside, if you think you've invented a new parsing technique, you need to check this book first. Your peer reviewers will check it.
My own articles on parsing may also serve as a useful reference:
Alternative style sheets
A document doesn't need to have a single style sheet. You can give it a default style and any number of alternatives for the reader to choose from. This page, for example, has as alternatives all the W3C Core Styles, plus two style sheets found elsewhere on the Web (author: David Baron).
How the reader can select the alternatives depends on the browser. Not all browsers yet offer a menu for it, but many do. E.g., in Opera, Internet Explorer and Firefox you can find the styles under the “View” menu. As of 2012, Chrome requires an extension (e.g., Decklin Foster's Style Chooser).
To include extra style sheets, it suffices to add more <LINK> elements in the header, with the right REL and TITLE attributes, as follows. (I left out some of the styles; see the source of this document for even more links.)
<link rel="stylesheet" title="Gold (right, fixed) + navbar" href="../threepart-f.css"> <link rel="alternate stylesheet" title="Oldstyle" href="http://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/Core/Oldstyle"> <link rel="alternate stylesheet" title="Modernist" href="http://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/Core/Modernist"> ... <link rel="alternate stylesheet" title="Steely" href="http://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/Core/Steely"> <link rel="alternate stylesheet" title="Forest (by David Baron)" href="http://dbaron.org/style/forest"> <link rel="alternate stylesheet" title="Plain (by David Baron)" href="http://dbaron.org/style/plain">
Groups of links with the same TITLE are automatically combined into one style sheet.
AT&T Inc has reached an agreement in principle to buy Time Warner Inc for about $85 billion, sources said on Friday, paving the way for what would be the biggest deal in the world this year, giving the telecom company control of cable TV channels HBO and CNN, film studio Warner Bros and other coveted media assets.
The deal, which has been agreed on most terms and could be announced as early as Sunday, would be one of the largest in recent years in the sector as telecommunications companies look to combine content and distribution to capture customers replacing traditional pay-TV packages with more streamlined offerings and online delivery.
AT&T, which sells wireless phone and broadband services, has already made moves to turn itself into a media powerhouse, buying satellite TV provider DirecTV last year for $48.5 billion.
It also in 2014 entered a joint venture, Otter Media, with the Chernin Group to invest in media businesses, and has rolled out video streaming services.
AT&T will pay $110 per Time Warner share in cash and stock, or about $85 billion overall, sources told Reuters. It will need to line up financing to pay for the deal, since it only has $7.2 billion in cash on hand. This could put pressure on its credit rating as it already has $120 billion in net debt as of June 30, according to Moody's.
Time Warner's shares rose almost 8 percent in regular trading, and a further 3.4 percent after hours, to $92.50, giving it a market value of about $73 billion. AT&T closed down 3 percent at $37.49.
Time Warner is a major force in movies, TV and video games. Its assets include the HBO, CNN, TBS and TNT networks as well as the Warner Bros film studio, producer of the "Batman" and "Harry Potter" film franchises. The company also owns a 10 percent stake in video streaming site Hulu.
Time Warner Chief Executive Jeff Bewkes rejected an $80 billion offer from Twenty-First Century Fox Inc in 2014, but sources said on Friday that the former suitor had no plans to renew its bid.
The Wall Street Journal reported on Friday that Apple Inc approached Time Warner a few months ago about a possible merger.
Israel's Jewish population crossed the 6 million mark during Passover, a symbolic sign of peaceful vengeance for the approximately same number of Jews who were exterminated by the Nazi regime.
The Israel Jewish community, which compromises approximately 75 percent of the total population outside of Judea and Samaria, now is the largest in the world, depending on one's definition of “Who is a Jew?”
Advertisement
The American Jewish population is estimated by most sources as being 5.5 million, while it is up to 2 million larger if one includes as Jewish those who were born to Jewish fathers but not to Jewish fathers and those who were not converted according to Jewish tradition.
The largest American Jewish population center is in New York City, with approximately 2 million. followed by nearly half a million in Paris.
There are approximately 380,000 Jews in Canada, with most of them living in metropolitan Toronto. Next in Line is Britain's 290,000 Jews.
“In the world today there are 13,800,000 Jews,” Hebrew University Professor Sergio Della Pergola told the Yediot Acharonot newspaper.
“Israel has indeed experienced a growth in the number of Jews last year, but world Jewry outside Israel did not fare so well. On the contrary, world Jewry has experienced negative growth,” reflecting assimilation.
Although most of the world's Jews live outside Israel, Israeli historian and author Tom Segev told the London Daily Telegraph, “Within five, seven or 10 years, you might be able to say that most Jews in the world live inside Israel, and it will be legitimate to use the cliché that for the first time in 2,000 years, the Jews are in Israel. Then the question will be, what do you do with the Zionist ideology?”
Israelis are attracted to metropolitan Tel Aviv, but massive government programs, including new highways and rail links, are trying to reverse the trend and encourage Jews to settle in the Negev and the Galilee.
Serves 6 to 8
Ingredients
2 tablespoons coconut oil, divided 3 pounds beef stew meat, trimmed of fat 1 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced 2 cloves garlic, minced 2 teaspoons peeled and minced fresh ginger 1 (13.5-ounce) can full-fat coconut milk ⅓ cup tomato paste ½ cup red curry paste 2 tablespoons fish sauce 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice 2 teaspoons sea salt 2 cups broccoli florets 2 cups julienned carrots 1 cup peeled and julienned jicama Fresh cilantro
Preparation
1. Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat, and, working in batches, brown the meat on all sides.
2. Use a slotted spoon to transfer each batch of browned meat directly to the slow cooker, then continue browning. Wipe out the pot between batches if a lot of liquid has accumulated at the bottom, to ensure even browning.
3. Wipe out the pot and add the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil. Sauté the onion, garlic, and ginger over medium-high heat for 5 minutes.
4. Pour in the coconut milk and stir continuously to release the browned bits on the bottom of the pan.
5. Add the tomato paste, curry paste, fish sauce, lime juice, and salt, then pour the mixture over the beef.
6. Cook on high for 5 hours or low for 8 hours. Add the broccoli, carrots, and jicama during the last 30 minutes of cooking on high or the last hour on low. Serve garnished with the cilantro.
This recipe is excerpted from Meals Made Simple. Danielle Walker is the founder of AgainstAllGrain.com and bestselling cookbook author of Against All Grain and Meals Made Simple. Find more recipes at www.againstallgrain.com.
Yesterday's PC Gamer Show featured our first-in-the-world hands-on with Killing Floor 2 alongside our interview with two of the people making it, Tripwire's John Gibson and Bill Munk. Today, we're sharing a full, seven-wave match of Killing Floor 2 on normal difficulty from that session that includes our in-game voice chatter, rendered in glorious 60fps.
Our video jumps between three different perspectives to show as much of the different weapons and perks as possible. Watch until the end for a clue about the identity of one of Killing Floor 2's bosses. If you need more, come back tomorrow for another two KF2 videos—one of our Hell On Earth difficulty round, and another of the Biotics Lab maps from a single perspective.
Who's playing
KFTester1 - Evan Lahti (Commando)
KFTester2 - Wes Fenlon (Berserker)
KFTester3 - John Gibson (Field Medic)
KFTester4 - Bill Munk (Commando)
KFTester5 - Lucas Sullivan (Support)
KFTester6 - Mike Schmitt (Berserker)
Komodo Newsletter View this email in your browser As a Komodo investor, you have a chance to get free JUMBLR assets. Simply hold KMD coins under your control, and everything else happens automatically for you. Later on, you can access them through the Agama Wallet.
Here's what you need to know: Snapshot happens on block 360,000 (around June 13th)
Distribution occurs one week after the snapshot
Last KMD ICO payout before the snapshot date arrives on Friday, June 2nd. If you still have unclaimed Komodo coins on our ICO website, you will have to claim them before the coming Friday . You can just request a payout to a KMD address you generated through the ICO site. Follow the instructions on this newsletter.
In case you are holding KMD on an exchange, you will have to withdraw them into a KMD address you control. You have several options: Agama Wallet
Komodo Swing Wallet
Ledger Nano S Here are detailed steps about how to request a payout from our ICO site. You must complete these steps before Friday . If you have already withdrawn your KMD, then you can skip this section. Login to our ICO site Go to home page, click 'HOME' If you don't have a seed generate a new one by clicking 'Reset Seed,' follow the instructions Double-check your seed matches with the KMD address, click 'Check KMD address,' follow the instructions go to 'PAYOUT' tab click 'Request payout' type the seed, click 'confirm' click 'send' (if you can't click send there is a problem) You should see your withdrawal as 'PENDING' on your ICO site dashboard After we have processed the payout and completed the share drop, you can access your KMD coins as well as the JUMBLR asset at any point by logging into Agama Wallet with your seed. Jumblr is a cryptocurrency privacy protector. There are no other parties involved as the user is just sending coins to himself. We call it a 'single party tumbler.'
The JUMBLR asset has nothing to do with the technology. The asset is there just for the investors. The fees that the people pay go towards the asset holders. So the JUMBLR holders receive dividends.
Snapshot happens in the KMD chain. The KMD and JUMBLR addresses are the same. We will send JUMBLR to the same address and you can access it with the same seed / privatekey you use for the Komodo.
Jumblr uses Komodo's zk-SNARKs privacy technology and SuperNET's atomic swap protocol. Recently Lootz interviewed jl777 on his Core Radio show about Jumblr among other things. Listen Interview
Now that Facebook has purchased Instagram, third-party services that offer access to photos and feeds are getting hammered by users.
Although Instagram is a mobile-only social network, the service makes an API available to developers who want to access the stream of user photos and comments. This has allowed for the creation of Instagram web and desktop viewers, including Followgram, InstaGrid, Ink361, Instagrille, Carousel and InstaDesk.
As users contemplate deleting their Instagram accounts forever, many of these sites are becoming popular destinations for those who want to preserve their photos.
Instaport's ability to offer easy-to-access archives of a user's photos is in hot demand. The site is still standing, but we've seen lots of nginx server errors and slow download times. Meanwhile, Followgram is also facing heavy user activity, which is causing slower than normal load time and access to full photo feeds.
At this point, it isn't clear if the services themselves are the bottleneck, or the API calls these services are making to Instagram's servers. Meanwhile, it's unclear what the Facebook ownership of Instagram will mean for APIs going forward.
Are you having a hard time accessing any third-party Instagram website? Let us know in the comments.
Mashable's Favorite Instagram Stories
Being a backup quarterback can be one of the most demanding jobs in the world of sports. Backups are expected to know the entire playbook, develop a rapport with their receivers, and be a leader on and off the field, while having far fewer repetitions in practice. Holding a clipboard on Sunday afternoons may seem like a good way to make a living, but there is always the possibility that a backup must take over when circumstances deem it necessary.
A qualified backup quarterback is a luxury for NFL teams and many are making significant investments in their backups. Already this NFL season, we have seen several backup quarterbacks turn in incredible performances. Mark Sanchez is the latest backup to emerge as a competent starter and his performance is already causing pundits to re-evaluate his status. Several legendary teams would not hold that distinction if it were not for the performance of their quarterbacks in waiting.
A backup carries a lot of the same pressure that starting quarterbacks feel. Backups are often viewed as a potential upgrade over their current starter. They can be called upon in an attempt to bring their teams back into contention in dire circumstances. When these quarterbacks step onto the field they will face the same defense as the starter, but with far less time to prepare. These men have risen to the occasion to accomplish some of the most amazing feats ever seen on a football field.
Continue scrolling to keep reading Click the button below to start this article in quick view Share Tweet Email Copy Link Copied
15 Randall Cunningham – Minnesota Vikings
via imgarcade.com
Randall Cunningham spent nearly a decade under center as the starting quarterback for the Philadelphia Eagles. Following a brief retirement during the 1996 season, Cunningham returned as a backup quarterback for the Minnesota Vikings. In 1998, when Brad Johnson went down with a broken leg in Week 2, Cunningham stepped in and had the best season of his NFL career. He led the Vikings to a 15-1 regular season record, while chucking touchdown passes to Cris Carter and Randy Moss (who was a rookie). The Vikings eventually lost to the Atlanta Falcons in the NFC Championship game and traded away Brad Johnson in the offseason.
14 Tony Romo – Dallas Cowboys
Jasen Vinlove-USA TODAY Sports
After going undrafted and spending two seasons as a holder for the Dallas Cowboys, Tony Romo was finally given an opportunity to start in his third NFL season. Romo has been the Cowboys starter ever since and broken several team records along the way. He has earned three Pro Bowl appearance, finished second in the NFL in passing touchdowns in 2007 and third in passing yardage in 2009. Despite his reputation of not being a clutch player, Romo has the highest 4th quarter passer rating of any quarterback in the league since 2006.
13 Jeff Hostetler – New York Giants
via jaysteeleblog.wordpress.com
The New York Giants under Bill Parcells were a juggernaut. Jeff Hostetler spent the better part of five seasons as the backup to Phil Simms, before he was finally given a chance to shine in the 1990 season. Hostetler had been frustrated as a backup and considered retirement, but after Simms suffered a foot injury, he was given the starting job for the end of the campaign. Hostetler helped the Giants to five consecutive wins as a starter, including a win over the Buffalo Bills in Super Bowl XXV. Following the Super Bowl victory, Hostetler decided not to retire and spent seven more seasons in the NFL. He was mediocre the rest of his career, but he's a legend in New York after his Super Bowl win.
12 Trent Dilfer – Baltimore Ravens
via vikingsportsmag.com
Trent Dilfer came to the Baltimore Ravens as the backup for Tony Banks, after leading the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for six years. Dilfer entered a Week 8 game for Banks who had thrown three interceptions against the Tennessee Titans. Dilfer was unable to help the Ravens win in Week 8, and they struggled in Week 9. However, Dilfer then rattled off eleven consecutive wins as the Ravens starter and helped them win the Super Bowl. Dilfer threw for over 250 yards only once during that 13 game stretch and holds the honor of being considered one of the best game manager quarterbacks of all time.
11 Doug Williams – Washington Professional Football Team
via haikudeck.com
Doug Williams entered the NFL as a highly touted prospect from Grambling, and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers drafted him with the 17th overall pick. Williams spent five seasons as the Bucs starter before jumping ship for the USFL. When the USFL folded, he was persuaded to join Washington by head coach Joe Gibbs. He began as a backup to Jay Schroeder and didn't start a game in his first season. During the 1987 season, Schreoder was injured and Willaims stepped in as the starter. That season, Williams became the first black quarterback in NFL history to win the Super Bowl. He returned as the starter in 1988, but wasn't great and was out of the league by 1990. He's still a legend in Washington though.
10 Brett Favre – Green Bay Packers
via lombardiave.com
After being drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in the second round of the 1991 NFL Draft, Falcons head coach Jerry Glanville said it would take a plane crash for Favre to start. Favre was traded the following season to the Green Bay Packers, despite doctors recommending the Packers reject the trade due to a failed physical. Favre went on to become one of the most prolific passers in the history of the NFL and earned 11 Pro Bowl appearances. He won three consecutive MVP Awards from 1995 to 1997 and won Super Bowl XXXI. If Glanville had his way, America never would have fallen in love with the Gunslinger.
9 Terry Bradshaw – Pittsburgh Steelers
via comediansandspeakers.com
Terry Bradshaw is now known as the quarterback who led four Pittsburgh Steelers teams to Super Bowl victories, but he wasn't always the man in Pittsburgh. Despite being the 1st overall pick in the 1970 NFL Draft, Bradshaw began his career as a backup to Terry Hanratty. It took Bradshaw some time to adjust to the speed and pressure of the NFL, but when he did, he delivered several of the most memorable performances in the history of the sport.
8 Doug Flutie – Buffalo Bills
via blogs.canoe.ca
After winning the Heisman Trophy in his senior season with Boston College, Doug Flutie was at the center of the war between the NFL and USFL. While the NFL's Buffalo Bills had doubts about Flutie's height, the USFL doubled down and made him the highest paid rookie in any sport. The league soon folded and Flutie had unsuccessful stints with the Bears and Patriots before becoming a legend in the Canadian Football League. Flutie returned to the NFL in 1998 and won the starting job after Rob Johnson went down with an injury. Flutie went 7-3 as a starter, earning a Pro Bowl appearance and NFL Comeback Player of the Year.
7 Kurt Warner – St. Louis Rams
Mark J. Rebilas-USA TODAY Sports
Kurt Warner's journey to the NFL began after he was cut from the Green Bay Packers during a pre-season try out. He then went from stocking boxes at a grocery store to throwing touchdown passes in the Arena Football League and NFL Europe, before he was given a chance as a backup on the St. Louis Rams. When starting quarterback Trent Green suffered a torn ACL in preseason, Dick Vermeil named Warner as the starter. Warner led the Rams to a 13-3 record in the 1999 season, at the head of the offense known as the Greatest Show on Turf. The Rams won the Super Bowl that season, and Warner was named Super Bowl MVP and NFL MVP.
6 Earl Morrall – Baltimore Colts, Miami Dolphins
via commons.wikimedia.org
Earl Morrall may be the ultimate backup quarterback. During his 21 seasons in the NFL, he won three Super Bowl titles with two different teams, playing a crucial role in two of those wins. In the 1968 season, Morrall stepped in for an injured Johnny Unitas and led his team to an appearance in Super Bowl III. Two years later, in Super Bowl V, he replaced an injured Unitas and actually won the big one. Two years after that, he stepped in for the injured Bob Griese and led the Miami Dolphins to the only perfect season in NFL history. Morrall was replaced by Griese after struggling against the Pittsburgh Steelers' Steel Curtain defense in the AFC Championship Game. Morrall earned the inaugural Comeback Play of the Year Award for his efforts. He then won another Super Bowl as a backup to Griese in 1973.
5 George Blanda – Oakland Raiders
via grayflannelsuit.net
George Blanda played more NFL seasons than any player in history. His 26 seasons in the NFL were spent as a kicker and quarterback for several teams. He won three AFL Championships with the Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders during the 1960s. During the 1970 season with the Oakland Raiders, he was utilized in a similar fashion to a relief pitcher for regular starting quarterback Daryle Lamonica. Blanda stepped in for Lamonica during the 1970 AFC Championship Game, where he threw two touchdowns, kicked a 48-yard field goal, and two extra points while becoming the oldest quarterback to play a championship game.
4 Jim Plunkett – Oakland Raiders
via goldengatesports.com
After spending seven seasons as a routine starter for the New England Patriots and San Francisco 49ers, Jim Plunkett joined the Oakland Raiders as a backup in 1978. After limited playing time over the next two seasons, Plunkett was given the starting job when Dan Pastorini injured himself. Plunkett led the Raiders to a 9-2 record in the regular season before going 4-0 in the postseason and winning Super Bowl XV, earning the Super Bowl MVP award. Plunkett repeated the feat in 1983, when he replaced Marc Wilson and led the Raiders to a Super Bowl XVIII victory.
3 Aaron Rodgers – Green Bay Packers
Brett Davis-USA TODAY Sports
Aaron Rodgers was expected to be the first overall pick in the 2005 NFL Draft, but slid down the board to the Green Bay Packers who selected him with the 24th overall pick. Rodgers spent three seasons as a backup before being given the starting job. Since earning the role, Rodgers has become the best quarterback in the NFL. He led the Packers to a Super Bowl XLV victory and was named MVP of the game. He followed it up with an NFL MVP season during the 2011 campaign. Rodgers is one of the most consistent quarterbacks in the game and has become a beloved figure among Packers fans.
2 Steve Young – San Francisco 49ers
Andrew Weber-USA TODAY Sports
Steve Young spent two very unsuccessful seasons with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers before he was traded to the San Francisco 49ers to serve as Joe Montana's backup. Young had several fantastic performances while stepping in for the injured Montana and earned the starting job when Montana suffered a pre-season injury in 1991. The 49ers missed the post-season that year despite a 10-6 record. The following year, the 49ers traded Montana in order for Young to become the team's starter. He rewarded their faith in the 1994 season, during which he led the team to a 13-3 record and a Super Bowl title.
1 Tom Brady – New England Patriots
Winslow Townson-USA TODAY Sports
Tom Brady entered the NFL with a chip on his shoulder after being selected 199th overall at the 2000 NFL Draft. Brady climbed the depth chart in his first season and replaced the injured starter Drew Bledsoe in Week 3 of the 2001 season. The Patriots went 11-3 with Brady as a starter, and he earned an invitation to the Pro Bowl for his efforts. The 2001 Playoffs is where Brady really proved his mettle with a string of heroic performances against the Raiders, Steelers, and in the Super Bowl against the heavily favored Rams. Brady and the Patriots were victorious in Super Bowl XXXVI, and he earned the MVP honors. He has since won two more Super Bowls and continues to be one of the league's biggest stars.
On this day, Montanan Jeanette Rankin, the first woman elected to Congress and a dedicated lifelong pacifist, casts the sole Congressional vote against the U.S. declaration of war on Japan. She was the only member of Congress to vote against U.S. involvement in both World Wars, having been among those who voted against American entry into World War I nearly a quarter of a century earlier.
Rankin was a committed pacifist, and she cared little about the damage her beliefs caused her political career. Although some male representatives joined her in voting against World War I in 1917, many citizens saw her vote as evidence that a woman could not handle the difficult burdens of national leadership. Perhaps as a result, Montanans voted her out of office two years later. Ironically, Rankin won re-election to the House in 1940, just in time to face another vote on war.
While her commitment to pacifism was politically harmful during World War I, Rankin knew that in the case of World War II, it would be downright suicidal. The surprise Japanese attack on the U.S. military base at Pearl Harbor was devastating, and zeal for revenge was at a fever pitch. The vast majority of Americans supported President Roosevelt's call for a declaration of war.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Rankin, however, believed that Roosevelt deliberately provoked the Japanese to attack because he wanted to bring the U.S. into the European war against Germany; she was determined not to cooperate with the president's plan. After a 40-minute debate on the floor of the House, a roll call vote began. When her turn came, Rankin stood and said, “As a woman, I can't go to war and I refuse to send anyone else.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
When news of Rankin's vote reached the crowd gathered outside the capitol, some patriots threatened to attack the Montana congresswoman, and police escorted her out of the building. Rankin was vilified in the press, accused of disloyalty, and called “Japanette Rankin,” among other impolite names. She stood her ground, however, and never apologized for her vote.
When her term neared completion two years later, Rankin was certain she would not win re-election and chose not to run again. She continued to be an active advocate for pacifism, and led a campaign against the Vietnam War in 1968 when she was 87 years old.
The former chief of staff of a Detroit pension fund trustee has pleaded guilty to accepting bribes as part of the federal government's long-running corruption investigation in the city.
George Stanton, who worked with ex-Councilwoman Alberta Tinsley-Talabi, pleaded guilty Tuesday to accepting $15,000 in bribes from Roy Dixon, an investment sponsor before the two Detroit pension funds.
During a hearing before United States District Judge Nancy Edmunds, 49-year-old Stanton admitted that during the latter part of 2007, he accepted multiple payments in cash as a reward for supporting Dixon's proposed investment.
In 2006 and 2007, Tinsley-Talabi was selected by the city council to serve as a trustee of the Police and Fire Retirement System. Stanton's duties as chief of staff included supporting and advising Tinsley-Talabi related to duties as a trustee.
In 2007, Dixon was acting as a representative of PR Investment Group, Ltd., a company that was seeking a $15 million investment from the Detroit pension funds in order to purchase speculative real estate in the Turks & Caicos Islands.
United States Attorney McQuade said Dixon gave Stanton $15,000 in cash in an effort to secure the pension fund's support for his investment proposal.
“Detroit's bankruptcy and the risk to retirees' pension benefits demonstrate the importance of rooting out corruption from Detroit's two pension funds. The pension funds should be managed to benefit retirees, not to line the pockets of public officials,” McQuade said.
Based on his guilty plea and felony conviction for accepting bribes, Stanton is facing a maximum of ten years in prison and a fine of up to $250,000.
A criminal indictment is pending against Dixon, against Jeffrey Beasley (the former Detroit city treasurer and trustee to the two Detroit pension funds), against Paul Stewart (a former vice president of a Detroit police union and a former trustee of the Police and Fire Retirement), and against Ronald Zajac (the former General Counsel of the two Detroit pension funds).
As part of the indictment, Dixon is charged with paying bribes to Stanton, Beasley, Stewart, and others in return for their support of the Turks & Caicos investment.
Furthermore, Dixon is charged with embezzling more than $3 million in Detroit pension fund money from a separate private equity investment by both Detroit retirement systems in a used car dealer who specialized in customers with poor credit.
In addition, a number of other defendants have been convicted in relation to the pension fund investigation, including:
Monica Conyers — a former Trustee of the General Retirement System and former member of the Detroit City Council, for conspiracy to take bribes, including bribes relating to a proposed multi-million dollar pension fund investment in Wireless Resources and a $10,000 extortion payment relating to the Police and Fire Retirement System's investment in the Romulus Deep Injection Waste Well.
Samuel L. Riddle — Conyers' Chief of Staff, for conspiracy to commit bribery and extortion relating to the Wireless Resources and Romulus Deep Injection Well investments.
DeDan Milton — a former Trustee of Detroit's two pension funds; for conspiracy to commit bribery and extortion.
Andrew Park — an owner of Asian Village, who paid a bribe to obtain a $2.75 million loan from Detroit's General Retirement System.
Derrick Miller — former Chief Information Officer of Detroit, who accepted the bribe from Park and who took a kickback of more than $500,000 on a $44 million investment by Detroit's two pension funds
Chauncey Mayfield — for conspiracy to commit bribery with Treasurer Beasley by supplying Beasley and former Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick with tens of thousands of dollars in hotel, entertainment, and private jet flights, as well as a job for Beasley's paramour and significant contributions to the Kilpatrick Civic Fund, all in return for maintaining Mayfield's position as an investment advisor controlling over $200 million in pension fund money.
The case was investigated by agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Internal Revenue Service, and the Department of Labor.
Tinsley-Talabi has not been charged with any criminal wrongdoing.
Gadget news reporters are kind of like grown-up versions of those kids who just can't help but peek at their Christmas presents. And at this point in the metaphor, Samsung is probably ready to smack some little punks if they don't stop peeling back the wrapping paper. We're still a solid month away from the (very probable) public announcement of the Galaxy S8 and S8+, but we're now getting near-daily leaks of the final design. Today's peek under the tree comes courtesy of BGR.
We've seen leaks of the physical phone design before, but these have been taken by someone who exercised a little more care, giving us a much clearer look at the curvaceous body and rounded corners on the AMOLED screen. The latest batch of images makes it clear that while the Galaxy Note 7 might be gone, its design cues are not forgotten, as the S8 and S8+ use the same back-to-front case symmetry that curves both the front and rear tempered glass and the phone's rigid frame for a smooth, rounded body at all points. This design element made the Note 7 feel much smaller in the hand than its pure dimensions would suggest, and it seems the same beats are expressed here.
Ye gods, anonymous leaker person, CUT YOUR NAILS
Some of the more striking design elements in the S8 include full virtual navigation buttons a la Pixel and Nexus phones (which can probably be customized by the end user), a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor to make up for the lack of a physical home button, and an extra button on the body on the right edge, opposite what is presumably the power button and volume rocker. We're not sure what this extra button is for, but if we had to guess, we'd say it's a dedicated button to activate Samsung's Alexa-style voice assistant, the previously-leaked "Bixby."
Leaked specs indicate that the S8 and S8+ will be of mostly identical physical design with enormous 5.8-inch and 6.2-inch displays, respectively, with a host of competitive internals representing the usual modest bump over last year's designs. Samsung's Unpacked event is scheduled for Thursday, March 29th, with an April retail release expected to follow.
In an offseason filled with pressing questions, this one's pretty high on the list: Can (and will) the Falcons keep Taylor Gabriel around?
If Gabriel were set to become an unrestricted free agent, I would say no. Kyle Shanahan loves Gabriel and would surely want the 49ers to throw some of their massive cap space toward bringing him to San Francisco, where he'd provide the team's new quarterback with an insanely fast weapon at wide receiver.
But Gabriel is not a UFA, he's a restricted free agent. That means the Falcons can tender him at a level that would make another team think twice about trying to scoop him up. RFAs can be tendered at a first round level, which is the most costly option and would figure to run the Falcons more than $3 million; a second round level, which will cost under $3 million; and an original round tender which would cost you under two million. If the Falcons decline to match an offer sheet from another team, they'll get a pick unless they give him the lowest possible tender, because Gabriel was originally an undrafted free agent.
The question is, will they pony up to keep him? Gabriel was a huge weapon for Atlanta last year, but they are returning Julio Jones, Mohamed Sanu, Tevin Coleman, Devonta Freeman, and Austin Hooper, at the very least. Gabriel's 35 receptions, 579 yards and six touchdowns as a receiver, plus his ability to take the ball out of the backfield, was a major boon to the offense. You won't easily replace that output, even if Steve Sarkisian's offense may not give him the same opportunities as Kyle Shanahan's did, and Gabriel's speed and obvious talent make him so dangerous.
Ultimately, it'll come down to money and draft picks, as it always does. The Falcons are about to hand Desmond Trufant and possibly Devonta Freeman big extensions, and they'll be looking to bolster the roster in a year where they have a little less cap space than usual. If the Falcons tender Gabriel at the second round level and some team ponies up, they may very well choose to let him walk away and get the compensation back. Unless the team wants to make him a much more prominent piece of the offense, you can argue that it would be a smart move to do so.
What do you think will happen?
Your message has been sent successfully
An "up-and-coming conservative media network currently in development" is holding a casting call at an undisclosed New York City studio on the night before Election Day, according to a casting notice obtained by established conservative media network Fox News.
The notice says the network requires on-air talent "be knowledgeable about conservative viewpoints, current events and the presidential election," "look upscale and intelligent," and be "outspoken and energetic."
Advertisement:
Fox News is logically paranoid that the super-secret casting call signals the launch of Donald Trump's rumored media venture:
While the casting call doesn't identify any specific employer, it does suggest initial programming will be streamed on the internet, infrastructure the Trump campaign has already set up through its Facebook live feed where aides have been broadcasting events and counter news programming.
The Republican nominee, however, has denied any sort of ambition to that end.
"I want to win the presidency, and I want to make America great again," Trump told The Washington Post in September. "It's very simple. I have no interest in a media company. False rumor."
These rumors seemed to gain traction last month when Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, "informally approached one of the media industry's top dealmakers about the prospect of setting up a Trump television network after the presidential election," according to The Financial Times.
Fox News said it had "reached out to the Trump campaign for comment, but none was given as of late Wednesday."
Of course, anyone who watched this fall's Commander-in-Chief Forum on NBC knows the Republican presidential nominee doesn't publicize his plans to squash his enemies.
First, New York Times reporter and CNBC anchor John Harwood sent an email giving the Clinton campaign advice on how to deal with other GOP candidates in the race while gloating about how he provoked Donald Trump at a debate that he moderated.
Two examples from the Wikileaks email dump from the account of Clinton campaign manager John Podesta show the shocking level of cooperation and deference paid by the media to the Clinton campaign.
Daily Caller:
In a December 2015 email to Podesta, Harwood bragged about his much-criticized debate performance in which he asked Trump “Let's be honest, is this a comic book version of a presidential campaign?” Harwood titled the email “I imagine…” and continued the sentence in the body of the email, writing, “…that Obama feels some (sad) vindication at this demonstration of his years-long point about the opposition party veering off the rails.” “I certainly am feeling that way with respect to how I questioned Trump at our debate,” Harwood continued. In May of 2015, early on in the Republican primary process, Harwood sent Podesta an email telling him to “watch out” for Dr. Ben Carson.” The subject line of that email read, “Watch out.” “Ben Carson could give you real trouble in a general,” Harwood warned. Harwood added to the email three news clips on Carson from a recent interview Harwood had conducted with him. Earlier WikiLeaks releases showed Harwood lavishing praise on Hillary Clinton in emails to Clinton campaign staffers.
Why is Harwood still employed? If he really wants to work for the Clinton campaign, he can drop the pretense of being a responsible journalist and go full-on Hillary-lover. A shocking display of partisanship by Harwood.
Also, a reporter for the New York Times gave the Clinton campaign veto power over quotes that were to appear in a fluff profile piece.
Polizette:
Hillary Clinton spent time in summer 2015 with The New York Times reporter Mark Leibovich and made a crack about 2008 Republican presidential candidate Sarah Palin. But the remark didn't make it into the long profile. Leibovich agreed to give the Clinton campaign veto power over the statements she made. The revelation comes in Part III of a massive email release from WikiLeaks. Leibovich evidently gave the campaign the ability to ax quotes as part of a deal for access. Danielle Rhoades Ha, vice president of communications for the Times, defended the arrangement. “We were transparent with our readers and disclosed the arrangement in the story,” she wrote in an email. In the 42nd paragraph of the 54-paragraph story, Leibochich explained the deal: “In early July, after much back and forth with the campaign and reluctance on my part, I decided to take the campaign up on its offer of an off-the-record conversation with Clinton. I figured I would use the opportunity at Bretton Woods to ask Clinton directly for an interview or at least to let me do part of our conversation on the record. She chose the latter.” But the disclosure did not exactly specify Clinton and her team would be allowed to determine, retroactively, which parts of the conversation were on or off the record. Leibovich emailed campaign Communications Director Jennifer Palmieri on July 7, 2015, to try to lobby for a batch of quotes. "These exchanges were pretty interesting ... would love the option to use," he wrote. The Palin shot came during a discussion between Clinton and Leibovich in which the Democratic candidate for president discussed having eaten moose stew in Alaska. "So that's why I always got a big kick out of Sarah Palin with all of her, 'We're cooking up some moose stew here,'" she said. But Palmieri told Lebovich that Clinton did not want the Palin quote to appear, and it did not. Instead, the passage in a story titled "Re-Re-Re-Reintroducing Hillary Clinton," read: "She had seen a few in her day, she told me. 'I've eaten moose, too,' she said. 'I've had moose stew.'" The Clinton camp also objected to using a quote in which the candidate said that "gay rights has moved much faster than women's rights or civil rights, which is an interesting phenomenon somebody in the future will unpack."
Needless to say, it's a huge advantage when a candidate gets to write her own profile piece in a major media outlet like the Times.
The Times should be charging the Clinton campaign ad space for all the fawning attention and support they give them while Harwood should be paid for his advice. They're not even pretending to be objective anymore and the FEC should investigate the Times and other outlets for making in kind donations to the Clinton presidential campaign.
More on the newest emails here.
Its spring on the Mediterranean and that means thousands of Africans and Middle Easterners are boarding rickety boats to reach Europe, where they expect to be welcomed and treated generously. The Associated Press reported on April 14 that more than 7,000 migrants have been plucked from the Mediterranean in the last four days. Furthermore:
More than 280,000 people entered the European Union illegally last year. Many came from Syria, Eritrea and Somalia and made the perilous sea journey from conflict-torn Libya.
But even during the attempted escape to a better life, the common Muslim urge to murder infidels couldnt be suppressed, and allahs gangsters had to kill 15 non-Muslims because they were Christians.
Didnt the killers understand that they were headed for a continent of cultures based on Christian principles? How did they expect to get along? The killers are just an extreme example of the diverse barbarians headed north to overwhelm Europe. Africa is home to over a billion people why wouldnt a hundred million or more leave for the freebies of Europes social welfare societies?
By not blocking the thousands of boaters (as the Australians wisely do), Europe is training Africans to keep coming.
Dr. Matthew Hitchcock stands in his new medical offices Thursday on Hixson Pike before leaving for a house call in Red Bank. Hitchcock purchased the former Chattanooga Federal Savings and Loan building to open his Direct Primary Care practices near Highland Plaza. Dr. Matthew Hitchcock stands in his new medical... Photo by Tim Barber /Times Free Press.
More Info Hitchcock Family Medicine monthly fee schedule: • Ages 18-45: $55 • Ages 46-65: $75 • Ages 65 and up: $100 • Children of members ages 2-18: $10
More Info Conditions diagnosed at the EPB Employee Health Center over past eight years: • 546 cases of hypertension • 396 employees with high cholesterol • 203 with diabetes • 20 men with high numbers for prostate specific antigen, a possible indicator of prostate cancer
Dr. Matthew Hitchcock makes house calls.
Yes, you read that right.
He visits his patients at home, toting his medical equipment in a classic, black, pebble-grained leather doctor's satchel.
"Doing house calls has been so much fun. The patients have loved it, too," says Hitchcock, a native of Dunlap, Tennessee who recently finished a stint as a Navy doctor and just launched a practice in Hixson.
Hitchcock is a local example of what's old becoming new again in medicine.
His traditional style of cash-only family doctoring — called "direct primary care" these days — has become more popular, even as the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, mandates that every American must have health insurance.
Hitchcock is one of at least four Chattanooga doctors who prefer cash to dealing with health insurance companies.
Hitchcock plans to get 500 patients who'll pay a monthly fee of $55 to $100, which he says will give him twice the earnings of a typical family practice doctor with a quarter of the patient load. That, he says, will make life better for him and allow him more time with patients.
Meanwhile, the company doctor also is making a comeback. At the Roper Corp. stove-manufacturing plant in LaFayette, Georgia, for instance, there's no charge for employees who are on Roper's health insurance plan to use a plant clinic that's staffed with a doctor, nurses and equipped with a small pharmacy.
"There are tons of [company] clinics in Chattanooga," said health care consultant Ed Adams of EBS Consulting in Chattanooga.
For the past decade, Adams has helped businesses and organizations set up on-site health clinics, including at Collegedale-based McKee Foods, the maker of Little Debbie snack cakes.
"It's a growing thing," he says. "A lot more companies are considering it."
Although more Americans have insurance under Obamacare, many pay more out of pocket for it.
That's partly because of the rising cost for many workers of their health insurance deductibles, or the amount employees pay out-of-pocket before insurance kicks in. High deductibles could be an incentive for people to sign up with a cash-only doctor, Adams said.
"If you have a high deductible, $5,000 or so, that might appeal to you," he says.
'Like a gym membership'
Hitchcock Family Medicine, which is due to open this month in a former bank building on Hixson Pike, will charge its 500 patients a flat, monthly fee based on their age.
"They pay me a direct fee, a lot like a gym membership," says Hixson, a bearded, 34-year-old father of three whose wife, a nurse, will pitch in as needed at the office.
"Businesses can sign up with me," he adds. "The business can pay a percentage of my fee, 0 to 100 percent. This can be a great way for a small business to offer something for their employees."
Hitchcock will get to do the kind of doctoring that he wants to, including house calls and hour-long patient visits — without having what he describes as the hassle and expensive overhead needed to deal with what Hitchcock calls "the insurance hamster wheel."
"If you need to come in and see my ever single day, you can come in and see me every day," he said.
Hitchcock doesn't have the crushing medical school debt that some doctors do, thanks to his service as a Navy doctor.
"The Navy paid for everything," says Hitchcock, who attended the University of Tennessee's College of Medicine in Memphis. Before that, he did his undergraduate studies at Clemson University and completed high school at The McCallie School, a private, college prep school in Chattanooga.
He plans to run a low-overhead, one-man operation. He's not even hiring a receptionist. He'll answer all the phone calls himself.
"The key to his whole model is just keeping your overhead as low as you can," Hitchcock says.
Aside from a refurbished, classic, 1930s-era examination table, Hitchcock won't have much equipment. Instead of having his own an X-ray machine or lab, he's outsourced those services to an area medical imaging business and with the local medical laboratory with the national company, Quest Diagnostics, Inc.
"Pennies on the dollar," is how Hitchcock describes the flat, up-front fee he'll pay for such lab tests as a thyroid panel, which will cost him $8, compared to the normal $140.
Hitchcock bought the building on Hixson Pike that he renovated into his doctor's office.
"The mortgage payment was about half what I was looking at for rent around the county," he says.
He's styling his practice after Atlas M.D., in Wichita, Kansas, a successful practice with a handful of doctors that's become a model for others to follow.
"I'm literally using their business model directly," Hitchcock says.
Hitchcock thinks more family doctors will try direct primary care.
"I hope so," he says, since doctors starting out will opt for high-paying, lower-stress specialties such dermatology instead of going into family practice. About 70 percent of U.S. doctors are specialists, he said.
One obstacle Hitchcock faces is getting people to believe that the direct primary care model is possible.
"That's the first words out of everybody's mouth," he says. 'It's too good to be true.'"
'No cost to go' to company clinic
Both patients and employers come out ahead with a company clinic, Adams said, which usually open at companies with 500 or more employees and pays for itself within 18 months.
"You have the convenience of accessing it at work," Adams says. "You don't have to take a day off or wait two weeks for an appointment."
Roper Corporation has a health clinic on site staffed with a doctor, nurses and pharmacy. Employees and family members who pay the monthly premiums for the company's BlueCross BlueShield of Georgia health insurance get care free of charge.
"There really is no cost to go," plant spokesman Scott Reece says, "other than your premiums."
In 2011, Roper opened the clinic, which is operated by Redmond Hospital of Rome, Georgia, to save money. Roper is self-insured and hires BlueCross BlueShield of Georgia to administer its health insurance.
"Our health care costs were kind of getting out of control," Reece says. "We were looking for ways to cut costs."
The clinic saves money, Reece said, because Roper pays the Redmond hospital directly each month. That's less expensive than having to reimburse BlueCross BlueShield when patients use an off-site doctor, he said.
The clinic has proven popular with the Roper plant's roughly 1,750 employees.
Visits to the clinic this year total 13,316, Reece said, of which 2,121 were by spouses and children. Employees save an estimated $1,500 a year, Reece says, thanks to the clinic.
And that's a benefit that Roper touts when it hires workers, for the plant, which has starting pay for assembly line workers around $12 to $13 an hour.
"That's one of the things we do when we interview people," Reece says. "We tell them about our wellness center."
Screenings save companies money
Businesses also can save big by improving the health of their employees, Adams said, through screenings for diseases and risky conditions.
That's been the case for EPB, Chattanooga's publicly-owned electric, Internet and cable TV provider, which for the past eight years has offered free care for both its current and retired employees at an employee health center on McCallie Avenue headed by Dr. Glenn Beasley.
"It's been very successful," EPB spokesman John Pless says. "It really helps reduce overall health care costs."
Since it opened eight years ago, health screenings have detected more than 1,000 potentially life-threatening conditions, from hypertension to diabetes, according to the health center's most recent annual report released this summer. The health center has been used, Pless said, by 82 percent of EPB's employees.
"The whole bottom line of this is EPB fostered the culture of wellness," he says.
Roper gives discounts to employees who get screened for five things that can show health risks: body mass index, cholesterol, blood sugar, blood pressure and tobacco use.
There's a 50 percent discount on health insurance premiums for employees who test in the healthy range for three of the five screenings, Reece said. Employees who take the test get 25 percent off, regardless of how healthy they are. Roper employees who decline the health screenings pay 100 percent of their health premium.
"What we're trying to do is get people to pay attention to their health," Reece says.
Artur Fischer, a German inventor who registered more than 1,100 patents, including the first synchronized camera flash and an anchor that millions of do-it-yourselfers used to secure screws into walls, died on Jan. 27 at his home in Waldachtal, in southwestern Germany. He was 96.
His death was announced by his company, the Fischer Group.
Mr. Fischer, a locksmith by training and an obsessive tinkerer, came up with his first patented invention in 1947, when he wanted to take pictures of his newborn daughter.
“At the time, you could only use a powder flash for interior shots, which you had to ignite with a cord,” he told the magazine Der Spiegel in 2015. “It was dangerous, and the picture quality was poor because the subject usually blinked at the flash.”
He came up with a synchronized mechanism that triggered the flash when the shutter was released. The device was bought by Agfa, a large camera company, and Mr. Fischer was on his way, coming up with hundreds of solutions to nagging technical problems over the next seven decades.
*Editor's note - this article has been changed to clarify that Rod Sullivan wants to discuss changing who Johnson County is named for, not the name itself.
______________
An eastern Iowa county supervisor says he'd like to see a public discussion about whether his county should have a different namesake.
Johnson County Supervisor Rod Sullivan tells the Iowa City Press-Citizen he's not necessary advocating for a change, but he'd like to see what the public thinks about naming the county after a different Johnson.
Johnson County was named in 1837 for Richard Mentor Johnson, a U.S. House member, senator and vice president under President Martin Van Buren. Johnson also was a slave owner and colonel during the War of 1812, credited with killing the leader of the Native American resistance.
Sullivan suggests in his weekly email newsletter the county could instead be named after President Lyndon B. Johnson, Lady Bird Johnson or civil rights leader James Weldon Johnson.
________________
PREVIOUS STORY:
An eastern Iowa county supervisor says he'd like to see a public discussion about whether it should change it's namesake.
Johnson County Supervisor Rod Sullivan tells the Iowa City Press-Citizen he's not necessarily advocating for a change, but he'd like to see what the public thinks.
Johnson County was named in 1837 for Richard Mentor Johnson, a longtime U.S. House member, senator and vice president under President Martin Van Buren. Johnson also was a slave owner and colonel during the War of 1812, credited with killing the leader of the Native American resistance.
Sullivan raised the potential for a changing the namesake in his weekly email newsletter.
It was the summer of 2008, hardly the ideal setting for the beginning of a forestry fairytale.
Forestry Firms Burning Jobs read more
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
The global economy was on the brink of collapse and thousands of British Columbian forestry workers had already lost their jobs. Dozens of mills had either shuttered their gates for good or cut back on production as the U.S. housing market crumbled.
But that year saw a group of unemployed mill workers scrounge up enough cash to rescue their 50-year-old Nanaimo pulp mill and reinvigorate the region's largest private employer. With $25,000 each and the support of three local investment groups, Harmac Pacific's employees bought their pulp mill, saved their jobs and defied the odds.
This month they celebrate their fifth year in business. The mill is operating close to full capacity, employee share prices have increased significantly and workers earned dividends for the first time last Christmas.
History of a mill
When Pope & Talbot, the mill's previous owner, filed for bankruptcy in the fall of 2007, PricewaterhouseCoopers was charged with finding buyers for the Portland-based company's three B.C. mills.
It was obvious to Bob Smiley, a 40-year-old veteran of Harmac, that the only investors interested in buying Harmac were "chop-shop outfits" who would dismantle the mill, sell the parts and turn the land into a golf course or condo development.
"Everybody saw the value in the land, but nobody saw the value in the pulp mill -- except the employees," said the grey-haired, mustachioed Smiley, whose methodical recollection of events befits his years served as union treasurer.
Smiley was one of a trio of longtime Harmac staffers who brought the idea to the other employees. But his own story, the one he recounted recently sitting in the sparsely populated offices of the Harmac mill, where a faint miasma of decaying matter hangs in the air, starts much earlier.
Smiley's connection to Harmac stretches back to its inception. His father moved to B.C. from Saskatchewan after the Second World War, and was hired as one of the first workers to operate the newly constructed pulp mill.
The younger Smiley started working as a summer student at Harmac in the '70s -- what he called the "glory days of the pulp and paper industry."
Over the subsequent decades he would witness the rise of environmental regulations in the '80s, yo-yoing pulp and paper prices, the departure of MacMillan Bloedel and eventually, what could have been the end of the Harmac legacy.
Built in the late 1940s by MacMillan Bloedel and named after Harvey Reginald MacMillan (Har-Mac), a man who built up his forestry empire to eventually dominate the industry in B.C., the mill quickly became one of the world's foremost producers of northern bleached softwood kraft pulp. Known in the business as NBSK, this is a special kind of pulp used in the production of specialty papers, tissues, diapers, sanitary napkins, hospital gowns and even the conical membrane found in speakers.
In the mid-'90s MacMillan Bloedel started selling off its pulp and paper assets. For a while, Harmac operated as a stand-alone mill.
"When MacMillan Bloedel hived Harmac off, it became just a one-horse company," said Smiley. "It was perfect timing from our perspective. Pulp prices peaked in 1995 at around $1,000 per tonne," he said. "It was like a brave new world. We had been sort of cast off by M and B, but all of a sudden we were rolling in dough."
Eventually the storied Oregon-based company Pope & Talbot bought Harmac for $78 million. Pope & Talbot had an impressive pedigree: 150 years operating in the shipping, lumber and pulp industries.
But the company overextended itself in Canada. They bought more mills in B.C. through the '90s, largely financed by debt. Then the softwood lumber dispute erupted in 2001, resulting in massive duties levied on Canadian lumber bound for the U.S.
In 2001 and 2002 Pope & Talbot posted net losses in excess of $20 million. The company began to crumble under the weight of its debt.
Investors fled. The stock price tumbled from $23 per share in the spring of 2000 to five dollars by the end of 2005. Then, in the fall of 2007 the company filed for bankruptcy in Canada and the U.S. and the stock, when it eventually sunk to less than 10 cents per share, was bumped off the New York Stock Exchange.
Still, even as Pope & Talbot receded into bankruptcy, no one expected the Harmac mill to close completely.
Asia Pulp and Paper, a massive Indonesian company, made a $105-million offer to buy the mill in April 2008. But the deal fell apart at the last minute.
"The receiver came in, PricewaterhouseCoopers, and basically put a lock on the gate. And that was it," said Smiley. "Everybody went home."
"Right up until the very end, people didn't really think it was going to happen. They didn't believe the mill was going to shut down because it had always been there," he said. "Somebody will come."
But nobody came.
Plan B takes shape
That's when an idea that had been hatched as a backup plan started gaining momentum.
What if the employees bought the mill?
Smiley said they thought they needed $30 million to buy it from the receiver and have enough capital to get it running again. They thought they could raise $7 million from the employees and borrow the rest.
"We were naive enough to think that we could buy it on our own," said Smiley. "Of course, come August of '08, Jimmy Pattison couldn't borrow money.
"Things were starting to tighten up pretty good. That's when we started looking for other partners."
Levi Sampson was a fresh-faced 27-year-old at the time, working as a marketing manager for a Victoria gym, when he and his family decided to approach the Harmac employee group about investing their money in the cause.
Sampson's family money comes from the Alberta oil patch -- his father is CEO of Niko Resources, a Calgary-based oil and gas company with assets across Asia.
"Our family decided to make an investment. We saw a model that we thought would work," Sampson said, sitting in the corner office at the Harmac mill where he now serves as president and regularly travels the world marketing Harmac pulp. (The whole company is based at the Nanaimo mill site, a stark difference from the foreign corporate ownership models of the past.)
"We wouldn't have gotten involved in the forest industry if it wasn't for a change in mentality and a new way of doing things," he said.
Sampson said he saw two choices facing the unemployed Harmac workers: pack up their families and look for work elsewhere, or pony up $25,000 and buy back their jobs.
"When we started up this employee owned model, most of the media was writing us off -- most of the analysts as well," said Sampson.
Indeed, media and analysts at the time said the fact that the employees were the only group interested in investing illustrated the poor state of the pulp industry, and was a harbinger of the death of the B.C. forest sector.
"This is nothing short of tragic. H.R. MacMillan must be rolling over in his grave," one analyst said at the time.
"It would be great to see a local success story because of what the mill means to the Nanaimo economy, but the game has changed for the pulp industry," said another.
But Harmac's employees used that negative energy "as fuel" and forged ahead with their plan.
By the end of July the Harmac employees, along with the Sampson's, Williams Lake-based Pioneer Log Homes and Fraser Valley construction company Totzauer Holdings bought the mill for $13.2 million.
"They had to believe not only in themselves but also the people that they work with to get it done together," Sampson said.
Still weathering the storms
Smiley said 225 workers bought in, about half of the original 530 workers employed by Pope & Talbot.
"The [previous] couple years had been so difficult here," said Smiley. "It was hard for people to believe that things could change for the good," he said. "And a lot of people didn't come back, particularly people with transferable skills."
"I know that each and every individual went home and talked to their families, because it was a big commitment, not just financial commitment because people were out of their jobs, it was an emotional commitment," said Smiley.
For those that stayed, months of uncertainty and the prospect of losing their livelihoods erased the hard-fought battle lines that once divided hourly, unionized workers from salaried staff.
"We were all very romantic about what we were doing," Smiley said. Where every staff member is also an owner, squabbles about overtime and flexible job descriptions faded.
They had trimmed overhead costs way back. No expensive corporate head office. No costly hoard of executives. No fancy marketing and sales team.
But by the middle of 2009 the price for NBSK had bottomed out again at around $570 per tonne. Sampson's cost savings weren't enough.
"The first year, we were all bailing at the same time. The boat was sinking," Smiley said.
The union lent $1.2 million to Harmac to keep it afloat, Smiley said. "But I would say that if you asked people, they would say that was the best time. Everyone was rowing the boat together."
Harmac weathered the price collapse and has enjoyed a steadily increasing market ever since. The price for a tonne of NBSK costs around $950 today, and Harmac produces 280,000 tonnes every year.
The company has attracted more than 100 new employee-owners since 2008. While you don't have to buy a share in the company to work there, Smiley said most workers choose to.
Sampson said there will be a BBQ held this month to celebrate their fifth year in business, but also to mark the completion of a $45-million electrical generation plant.
The plant uses wood waste for fuel and will produce 25 megawatts of electricity, 15 of which will feed the BC Hydro power grid, providing enough electricity to light and heat 17,000 homes. The rest will go to powering the mill -- further cutting costs.
And, when the plant goes online, the company will have a second revenue stream for the first time in its history, and it will conclude more than $100 million in efficiency upgrades and carbon emissions reduction work.
Some of that money came from the federal government's Green Transformation fund, a billion-dollar aid package for the struggling pulp and paper industry.
The industry, worth $4.5 billion in Canada, is highly volatile. Prices routinely peak and plummet. And the latest bull market hasn't been enough to keep other B.C. mills from closing for good.
Sampson attributes his mill's success, in an environment rife with failures, to the unique model.
"We just go lean and mean and do things a little different," he said. His point was aptly illustrated on a tour of the mill site that revealed building after building of heavy, specialized equipment that seemed to require few operators, and a reception office with no receptionist; just a bale of pulp, apparently the mill's first product after restarting in 2008, adorned with the signatures of its many owners.
Harmac's unprecedented 11-year labour agreement also helps keep the mill operating smoothly. Lockouts aren't a problem when employees are also owners.
When asked if he thinks the employee-ownership model could be replicated elsewhere in the forestry industry, Sampson is reserved.
"I have had people talk to me from within the forestry industry [asking] if it could be duplicated somewhere else and if it could be successful somewhere else," he said. "My answer to that is always 'only if you have the right people in place and if you have the right group of individuals,' and that's from top to bottom.
"I also think it has to come from the workforce itself. I would never suggest for any employee ownership model, not just the forestry industry, to try to force that on a group of people. That's not a way for success. If it comes from the people who say they want to buy in, then it makes sense."
Image copyright AFP Image caption Nikos Maziotis was captured by Greek police after the central Athens shooting
One of Greece's most wanted men has been arrested after a shootout in central Athens.
The left-wing militant Nikos Maziotis was wounded along with a policeman and two bystanders, after allegedly taking part in an attempted robbery.
Maziotis led the anarchist movement Revolutionary Struggle, designated a terrorist group by the EU and US.
A 1m-euro ($1.3m; £800,000) bounty was put on his head after he disappeared in 2012.
Analysis: Mark Lowen, BBC News, Athens
Nikos Maziotis disappeared after conditional release from pre-trial detention in 2012. He was sentenced in absentia to 25 years for attacks by his group including on the US embassy and an Athens courthouse.
In April this year, Revolutionary Struggle claimed responsibility for a car bomb outside the Bank of Greece. It is one of a handful of home-grown anarchist groups here that, in recent years, have targeted political party offices and international figures.
The deadliest was the so-called November 17 movement, which assassinated more than 20 people including the CIA chief in Athens and the British military attache. One of its leaders escaped prison earlier this year and is still at large.
Image copyright AP Image caption Nikos Maziotis has a 1m-euro bounty on his head and has been on the run for two years
On Wednesday lunchtime Maziotis reportedly tried to rob a shop in central Athens whilst wearing a disguise.
After a policeman demanded his identity card, he opened fire, attempting to flee. The police shot back and captured him.
The shootout began in the crowded Monastiraki district, steps away from the city's central Syntagma Square.
Maziotis has been on the run since he was convicted last year of involvement in attacks in Greece organised by Revolutionary Struggle.
The left-wing militant group is best known for bombing the Athens stock exchange in 2003 and firing a rocket-propelled grenade at the American embassy in 2007.
THE NRMA Insurance Broncos have added some size and experience to their middle forward rotation with a surprise signing this morning.
Premiership-winning prop Sam Tagataese has joined the Broncos on a one-year deal in a move that will add depth to the NRL squad.
He trained with his new teammates for the first time this morning.
Tagataese has played with the Storm, Titans and Sharks, winning the 2016 Grand Final with Cronulla.
He has 168 games of NRL experience, and at 193cms and 110kg will give the Broncos another weapon in the middle after losing both Adam Blair and Herman Ese'ese in the off-season.
Samoan international Tagataese said he was excited to join the Broncos, especially as it will be his first time working under Wayne Bennett.
"I am definitely excited especially as my partner is from Brisbane, and when I first moved to Australia I lived in Brisbane," he said.
"I actually haven't (met Bennett before) but I am definitely looking forward to it.
"I have heard so many good things about him, and just look at his record.
"And as my father-in-law said, he is a master coach.
"I am looking to getting the best out of myself at this point of my career and being coached by a great coach."
The Broncos have also confirmed they released David Mead yesterday to take up a three-year deal with the Catalans Dragons in the English Super League.
Update: A Google representative tells us that the accident occurred while the vehicle was in manual mode, not self-driving mode, which means there is still no recorded instance of a self-driving car causing an accident.
One of Google's famous self-driving cars has reportedly been involved in one of its first traffic accidents.
The accident occurred near Google's Mountain View headquarters in California. According to a report from Jalopnik, the accident involved two Toyota Priuses. It looks like the Google self-driving car rear-ended the other Prius, at least from our initial assessment of a photo Jalopnik published. We've reached out to Google for comment.
While this is not the first accident the Google cars have been involved in (one of the cars was rear-ended by a driver), it's the first time we've heard of a Google self-driving car being the cause of an accident.
Google's self-driving cars have been on the roads for nearly a year now, mostly in California. Recently, the search giant successfully lobbied to get self-driving cars on the streets of Nevada. We've even been in the back of one of the vehicles, and we can attest that they can successfully maneuver through dozens of cones at speeds up to 40 miles per hour.
While Jalopnik believes that the fender-bender is proof that self-driving cars may not be in the best interests of society, we have a different take. There were 10.2 million traffic accidents in the U.S. in 2008, which results in 39,000 deaths. That's 17.9 people per 100,000 licensed drivers. If Google self-driving cars can beat those statistics, they could actually prevent more accidents than they create. We also waste millions of hours commuting and driving through traffic; imagine if you had that time to be productive instead.
Clearly Google self-driving cars are not ready for prime time — nobody thinks they will be for years to come. However, it's not inconceivable that the time sink that is driving will become a thing of the past, and that would be a good thing for all society.
What do you think of Google's self-driving cars? Are they a potential benefit to society or a disaster waiting to happen? Let us know in the comments.
Graphic courtesy Jalopnik, used with permission
Many Americans don't have to worry about giving Uncle Sam part of their hard-earned cash for their income taxes this year.
An estimated 45.3 percent of American households — roughly 77.5 million — will pay no federal individual income tax, according to data for the 2015 tax year from the Tax Policy Center, a nonpartisan Washington-based research group. (Note that this does not necessarily mean they won't owe their states income tax.)
Roughly half pay no federal income tax because they have no taxable income, and the other roughly half get enough tax breaks to erase their tax liability, explains Roberton Williams, a senior fellow at the Tax Policy Center.
Despite the fact that rich people paying little in the way of income taxes makes plenty of headlines, this is the exception to the rule: The top 1 percent of taxpayers pay a higher effective income tax rate than any other group (around 23 percent, according to a report released by the Tax Policy Center in 2014) — nearly seven times higher than those in the bottom 50 percent.
On average, those in the bottom 40 percent of the income spectrum end up getting money from the government. Meanwhile, the richest 20 percent of Americans, by far, pay the most in income taxes, forking over nearly 87 percent of all the income tax collected by Uncle Sam.
The top 1 percent of Americans, who have an average income of more than $2.1 million, pay 43.6 percent of all the federal individual income tax in the US; the top 0.1 percent — just 115,000 households, whose average income is more than $9.4 million — pay more than 20 percent of it.
When it comes to all federal taxes — individual income, payroll, excise, corporate income and estate taxes — the distributions of who pays what is more spread out. This is partially because nearly everyone pays excise taxes, which include taxes on gasoline, alcohol and cigarettes.
Amazon will hire 100,000 workers this holiday season, the Associated Press reports.
This is a 25% increase from last year, when the company hired 80,000 new employees for the holidays. Retailers Walmart, Target, and Kohl's are all adding about the same amount of jobs as they did in 2014 — 60,000, 70,000, and 85,000 respectively. Others, including Macy's, J.C. Penney, and Toys R Us, are hiring fewer holiday workers.
This suggests a shift in the way that Americans shop. In the past, retailers had to hire more people to work cash registers and sales floors; Amazon's holiday workers will be fulfilling warehouse roles in fulfillment and sorting facilities.
The online retailer has also recently hired 25,000 full-time workers.
Amazon's market cap rose past Walmart, the world's largest company by revenue, over the summer. The gap has since been growing wider; Amazon's cap has since reached $262.5 billion as compared to Walmart's $190 billion.
Walmart CEO Doug McMillon maintains that customers prefer an interactive shopping experience in stores. The retail giant is currently developing its e-commerce offerings. “Here's a key question,” Foran previously told Fortune. “Will it be easier for an e-commerce company to build out a massive store network and create a customer service culture at scale? Or are we better able to add digital and supply chain capabilities and leverage our existing stores? We like our chances.”
TiVo's plan to create a service along the lines of Aereo, but “done legally and better,” as TiVo CEO and president Tom Rogers put it recently, is still murky, though the company is expected to reveal all at an event in San Jose sometime in July.
In a brief interview Wednesday, Rogers wouldn't let the cat out of the bag, but dropped some hints suggesting that whatever TiVo does have in mind, expect it to build on what it's started with the Roamio OTA, a new DVR model sans CableCARD slot that's targeted to cord-cutters, enabling them to combine over-the-air TV with over-the-top video and essentially create their own video service bundles.
“We haven't been very specific about it,” Rogers acknowledged, “but it will certainly build on what we currently are doing in the OTA space, fully recognizing that there are…consumers out there that are going beyond where Aereo was when it came to recording network signals.”
Notably, TiVo acquired only Aereo's trademarks and customer lists for about $1 million in March following a bankruptcy auction. Other parties snapped up Aereo's patents and some of the now-defunct company's equipment and technology.
We'll know more this summer, but I think that scenario makes it unlikely that we'll see TiVo build and operate its own antenna arrays, a la Aereo, to capture OTA signals and redistribute them via the Internet. Given Rogers's most recent comments, I'd expect the coming product to include expansions and enhancements to the Roamio OTA, perhaps with a cloud DVR component.
The Roamio OTA is starting off as a retail product, but Rogers also talked up how it is also being positioned to help MPVDs counter the small but growing cord-cutting threat.
“Increasingly, we're hearing from cable operators on this who say, ‘Hey, we need to have some way of relating to the broadband only subs that are not taking our video package…and provide us with a way to do that with a combination of a device and an interface where we as operators don't have to bear programming costs,'” Rogers said. Cablevision Systems, which is not one of TiVo's MVPD partners, has already begun to market specialized cord-cutter packages.
That approach, Rogers said, gives MVPDs “a nice way of allowing people to get network signals without their paying retransmission consent in a nice way for consumers to integrate whatever streaming services they want that don't involve payment by a cable operator for programming.”
Frontier Communications is the first and only MVPD so far to announce plan to market the Roamio OTA to broadband-only subs, but expect more to join the club. Frontier president and CEO Dan McCarthy told an investors conference last week that a trial with TiVo is underway.
“We have some interesting discussions going on with various operators on that front,” Rogers said. “I think they're quickly concluding that it's not a question of encouraging cord-cutting, but that there are people who are going to not want the video package but are going to want broadband. And they [the operators] want to be able to maintain as close relationship as they can.”
The Texas Longhorns will be without sophomore point guard Isaiah Taylor indefinitely after the school confirmed on Monday that he suffered a broken left wrist.
Taylor won't need surgery and the injury is not season-ending, but depending on the severity of the fracture, he could miss eight weeks or more, a timetable that would keep him out for the rest of the non-conference season and the start of conference play.
The dynamic point guard took a hard fall late in last Thursday night's victory over Iowa in Madison Square Garden when he drove the lane, went for a dunk attempt, and took a a hard foul from Iowa's Gabe Olaseni that caused him to fall on his wrist. Following a review, officials assessed a Flagrant 2 foul on Olaseni, resulting in an automatic ejection.
After attempting both free throws Taylor left the game having scored 15 points, most of them in the second half on acrobatic finishes around the rim. Through three games, he was averaging 15 points and 2.3 assists per game while emerging as one of the top point guards in the country.
Junior Javan Felix has replaced Taylor in the starting lineup during his absence, reprising the role he held two years ago when former point guard Myck Kabongo was suspended by the NCAA.
Texas will face off against No. 24-ranked UConn on November 30 and then travel to Lexington to battle No. 1-ranked Kentucky on December 5, with Taylor virtually certain to miss both of those games.
As a result, the Longhorns could struggle to pile up impressive non-conference wins and could get off to a slow start in the loaded Big 12 without Taylor, a scenario that could result in Texas picking up a much lower seed than it could with a healthy Taylor.
There's enough talent and depth on this team that the injury shouldn't completely derail the season, but it is a major setback for a team that looked like a possible Final Four contender at the start of the year.
Beyond the Cuban Missile Crisis
The Cuban missile crisis is the best-known example of narrowly avoiding nuclear war. However, there are at least four other less well-known incidents in which the superpowers geared up for nuclear annihilation. Those incidents differed from the Cuban missile crisis in a significant way: They occurred when either the U.S. or Soviet or Russian leaders had to respond to false alarms from nuclear warning systems that malfunctioned or misinterpreted benign events.
Recieve emails about upcoming NOVA programs and related content, as well as featured reporting about current events through a science lens. Email Address Zip Code Subscribe
In the past quarter century, Russia and the U.S. each have come close twice to launching nuclear missiles like this Russian ICBM to counter a perceived attack. © WGBH Educational Foundation
All four incidents were very brief, probably lasting less than 10 minutes each. Professional military officers managed most of them. Those officers had to decide whether or not to recommend launching a "retaliatory" strike before possibly losing their own nuclear first strikes. In three of the four incidents, the decision not to respond to the alarm was made when space-based early-warning sensors failed to show signs of massive nuclear attacks. The fourth incident was caused by an inadequate early-warning satellite system that was fooled into thinking that reflected sunlight was the flames from a handful of ICBMs.
Support Provided By Learn More
Russia was poised, for a few moments at least, to launch a full-scale nuclear attack on the United States.
As the following brief history of those four incidents makes clear, space-based early-warning systems played a major role in avoiding nuclear war. During the 1980s, a few specialized articles in the media hinted at the presence of those systems. However, it was only during the Gulf War that the American public truly became aware of U.S. capability to detect missile launches using space-based assets. During that crisis, U.S. Defense Support Program (DSP) satellites, first orbited in 1970, detected the launch of every Iraqi Scud missile. The satellites made the detections from their orbits by "seeing" the infrared light that the missiles' motors gave off during powered flight. The warning of launches was transmitted to Patriot air defense missile batteries in Israel and Saudi Arabia to support attempts to shoot down the incoming warheads.
The association with the fighting of conventional war has obscured the more important strategic role those systems have played: reassuring leaders of the United States and Russia that they were not under nuclear attack. A review of the four nuclear crises will better highlight that role.
The training tape incident
Shortly before 9 a.m. on November 9, 1979, the computers at North American Aerospace Defense Command's Cheyenne Mountain site, the Pentagon's National Military Command Center, and the Alternate National Military Command Center in Fort Ritchie, Maryland, all showed what the United States feared most—a massive Soviet nuclear strike aimed at destroying the U.S. command system and nuclear forces. A threat assessment conference, involving senior officers at all three command posts, was convened immediately. Launch control centers for Minuteman missiles, buried deep below the prairie grass in the American West, received preliminary warning that the United States was under a massive nuclear attack.
Minuteman missiles similar to this one, shown in a test firing from Cape Kennedy, Florida, could deliver a nuclear payload as far as 8,000 miles away. AP Photo/Jim Kerlin
The alert did not stop with the U.S. ICBM force. The entire continental air defense interceptor force was put on alert, and at least 10 fighters took off. Furthermore, the National Emergency Airborne Command Post, the president's "doomsday plane," was also launched, but without the president on board. It was later determined that a realistic training tape had been inadvertently inserted into the computer running the nation's early-warning programs.
However, within minutes of the original alert, the officers had reviewed the raw data from the DSP satellites and checked with the early-warning radars ringing the country. The radars were capable of spotting missiles launched from submarines close to the U.S. shores and ICBM warheads that had traveled far enough along their trajectories to rise above the curvature of the Earth. The DSP satellites were capable of detecting the launches of Soviet missiles almost anywhere on the Earth's surface. Neither system showed any signs that the country was under attack, so the alert was canceled.
In the "training tape" incident, Defense Support Program early-warning satellites saved the day. Pictured is a DSP satellite going aloft in April 2003. Courtesy Lockheed Martin
The computer chip incident
On June 3, 1980, less than a year after the incident involving the training tape, U.S. command posts received another warning that the Soviet Union had launched a nuclear strike. As in the earlier episode, launch crews for Minuteman missiles were given preliminary launch warnings, and bomber crews manned their aircraft. This time, however, the displays did not present a recognizable or even a consistent attack pattern as they had during the training tape episode. Instead, the displays showed a seemingly random number of attacking missiles. The displays would show that two missiles had been launched, then zero missiles, and then 200 missiles. Furthermore, the numbers of attacking missiles displayed in the different command posts did not always agree.
Although many officers did not take this event as seriously as the incident of the previous November, the threat assessment conference still convened to evaluate the possibility that the attack was real. Again the committee reviewed the raw data from the early-warning systems and found that no missiles had been launched. Later investigations showed that a single computer chip failure had caused random numbers of attacking missiles to be displayed.
The autumn equinox incident
On September 26, 1983, the newly inaugurated Soviet early-warning satellite system caused a nuclear false alarm. Like the United States, the Soviet Union realized the importance of monitoring the actual launch of ICBMs. However, the Soviets chose a different method of spotting missile launches. Instead of looking down on the entire Earth's surface the way U.S. DSP satellites do, Soviet satellites looked at the edge of the Earth—thus reducing the chance that naturally occurring phenomena would look like missile launches. Missiles, when they had risen five or ten miles, would appear silhouetted against the black background of space. Furthermore, when the edge of the Earth is viewed, light reflected from clouds or snow banks has to pass through a considerable amount of the atmosphere. That view reduces the chances that clouds and snow may cause false alarms.
A satellite has to be in a unique position to view a recently launched missile silhouetted against the black of space. To get that view, the Soviet Union picked a special type of orbit that it had used for its communications satellites. Those orbits, known as Molnyia orbits, come very close to the Earth in the Southern Hemisphere but extend nearly a tenth of the distance to the moon as the satellite passes over the Northern Hemisphere. From that position high above northern Europe, the Soviet Union's Oko ("Eye") early-warning satellites spend a large fraction of their time viewing the continental U.S. missile fields at just the right glancing angle. However, shortly after midnight Moscow time on September 26, 1983, the sun, the satellite, and U.S. missile fields all lined up in such a way as to maximize the sunlight reflected from high-altitude clouds.
A Russian Oko early-warning satellite's hypothesized view of U.S. missile fields at the time of the so-called "autumn equinox" incident Geoffrey Forden, MIT
Whether that effect was a totally unexpected phenomenon is hard to know. That may have been the first time this rare alignment had occurred since the system became operational the previous year. Press interviews with Lt. Col. Stanislav Petrov, the officer in charge of Serpukhov-15, the secret bunker from which the Soviet Union monitored its early-warning satellites, indicated that the new system reported the launch of several missiles from the U.S. continental missile fields. Petrov had been told repeatedly that the United States would launch a massive nuclear strike designed to overwhelm Soviet forces in a single strike.
Why did that false alarm fail to trigger a nuclear war? Perhaps the Russian command did not want to start a war on the basis of data from a new and unique system. On the other hand, if the sun glint had caused the system to report hundreds of missile launches, then the Soviet Union might have mistakenly launched its missiles. Petrov said that he refused to pass the alert to his superiors because "when people start a war, they don't start it with only five missiles. You can do little damage with just five missiles."
The Norwegian rocket incident
Early on the morning of January 25, 1995, Norwegian scientists and their American colleagues launched the largest sounding rocket ever from Andoya Island off the coast of Norway. [Sounding rockets collect data on atmospheric conditions from various altitudes.] Designed to study the northern lights, the rocket followed a trajectory to nearly 930 miles altitude but away from the Russian Federation. To Russian radar technicians, the flight appeared similar to one that a U.S. Trident missile would take to blind Russian radars by detonating a nuclear warhead high in the atmosphere.
The trajectory of the Black Brant XII sounding rocket, which triggered the "Norwegian rocket" incident Geoffrey Forden, MIT
That scientific rocket caused a dangerous moment in the nuclear age. Russia was poised, for a few moments at least, to launch a full-scale nuclear attack on the United States. In fact, President Boris Yeltsin stated the next day that he had activated his "nuclear football"—a device that allows the Russian president to communicate with his top military advisers and review the situation online—for the first time.
However, we can be fairly confident that Yeltsin's football showed that Russia was not under attack and that the Russian early-warning system was functioning perfectly. In addition to the string of radars surrounding the border of the former Soviet Union, Russia had inherited a complete fleet of early-warning satellites that, even by 1995, still maintained continuous 24-hour coverage of the U.S. continental missile fields. In the early 1990s Russia had still managed to launch replacement satellites for its early-warning system as the previous ones died out—thereby retaining continuous coverage. Because of those satellites, Yeltsin's display must have shown that no massive attack was lurking just below the horizon.
Towards reliable early warning
The danger posed by those incidents was not the unauthorized or accidental launch of a handful of nuclear-tipped missiles but the possibility that either country might misinterpret a benign event—a computer training tape mistakenly inserted into an operational computer or sunlight glinting off clouds during a rare lineup of the sun, Earth, and satellite—and decide to launch a full-scale nuclear attack.
Each incident caused officials to take steps to solve a specific problem. After the training tape incident, the U.S. Department of Defense constructed a separate facility to train operators so that a training tape could not again be inserted into the computer running the nation's early-warning system. Apparently, the Soviet Union launched a new fleet of early-warning satellites into geostationary orbit simply to provide a second angle from which to view U.S. missile fields. That expensive and redundant system ensured that at least one satellite could search for missile launches free from sun glint.
Despite measures taken to prevent them, such accidents are inevitable.
After three of the four incidents, the U.S. government maintained that steps were taken that would prevent any future false alarms. However, it had to wait only seven months after the first incident (the computer tape incident) to see that complex organizations, relying on even more complex machinery, can find new and unexpected ways to fail. In fact, a comprehensive study of nuclear accidents has shown convincing historical evidence that, despite measures taken to prevent them, such accidents are inevitable.
The most recent example of solving the "last problem" was the Clinton administration's initiative to share early-warning data with Russia. The jointly manned center has been presented by the American side as a solution to the decline of Russia's early-warning facilities. Russians familiar with the negotiations, however, maintain that the center has no military significance. That view is underscored by the choice of the site for the center: an old schoolhouse nearly an hour away from downtown Moscow. In fact, U.S. Department of Defense officials familiar with the Joint Data Exchange Center (JDEC) admit that, even if the center had been active during the Norwegian rocket incident, its only effect would have been to facilitate the launch notification issued before the NASA launch.
Any assistance the United States provides must increase Russia's confidence in the validity of its own early-warning systems. The JDEC fails that test. Russia would never believe that the United States would pass along launch indications if a U.S. nuclear attack had been launched.
The title of this post says it all. A 2% shift in public opinion is not so large and usually would not be considered shocking. In this case the race was close enough that 2% was consequential.
Here's the background:
Four years ago, Mitt Romney received 48% of the two-party vote and lost the presidential election. This year, polls showed Donald Trump with about 48% of the two-party vote. When the election came around, Trump ended up with nearly 50% of the two-party vote—according to the latest count, he lost to Hillary Clinton by only 200,000 votes. Because of the way the votes were distributed in states, Trump won the electoral college and thus the presidency.
In this earlier post I graphed the Romney-Trump swing by state and also made this plot showing where Trump did better or worse than the polls in 2016:
Trump outperformed the polls in several key swing states and also in lots of states that were already solidly Republican.
The quantitative pundits
Various online poll aggregators were giving pre-election probabilities ranging from 66% to 99%. These probabilities were high because Clinton had been leading in the polls for months; the probabilities were not 100% because it was recognized that the final polls might be off by quite a bit from the actual election outcome. Small differences in how the polls were averaged corresponded to large apparent differences in win probabilities; hence we argued that the forecasts that were appearing, were not so different as they seemed based on those reported odds.
The final summary is that the polls were off by about 2% (or maybe 3%, depending on which poll averaging you're using), which, again, is a real error of moderate size that happened to be highly consequential given the distribution of the votes in the states this year. Also we ignored correlations in some of our data, thus producing illusory precision in our inferences based on polls, early voting results, etc.
What happened?
Several explanations have been offered. It's hard at this point to adjudicate among them, but I'll share what thoughts I have:
– Differential voter turnout. It says here that voter turnout was up nearly 5% from the previous election. Voter turnout could have been particularly high among Trump-supporting demographic and geographic groups. Or maybe not! it says here that voter turnout was down this year. Either way, the story would be that turnout was high for Republicans relative to Democrats, compared to Obama's elections.
– Last-minute change in vote. If you believe the exit poll, Trump led roughly 48%-41% among the 14% of voters who say they decided in the past week. That corresponds to an bump in Trump's 2-party vote percentage of approximately .14*(.48-.41)/2 = 0.005, or 1/2 a percentage point. That's something.
– Differential nonresponse. During the campaign we talked about the idea that swings in the polls mostly didn't correspond to real changes in vote preferences but rather came from changes in nonresponse patterns: when there was good news for Trump, his supporters responded more to polls, and when there was good news for Clinton, her supporters were more likely to respond. But this left the question of where was the zero point.
When we analyzed a Florida poll last month, adjusting for party registration, we gave Trump +1 in the state, while the estimates from the others ranged from Clinton +1 to Clinton +4. That gives you most of the shift right there. This was just one poll so I didn't take it too seriously at the time but maybe I should've.
– Trump supporters not admitting their support to pollsters. It's possible, but I'm skeptical of this mattering too much, given that Trump outperformed the polls the most in states such as North Dakota and West Virginia where I assume respondents would've had little embarrassment in declaring their support for him, while he did no better than the polls' predictions in solidly Democratic states. Also, Republican candidates outperformed expectations in the Senate races, which casts doubt on the model in which respondents would not admit they supported Trump; rather, the Senate results are consistent with differential nonresponse or unexpected turnout or opposition to Hillary Clinton.
– Third-party collapse. Final polls had Johnson at 5% of the vote. He actually got 3%, and it's a reasonable guess that most of this 2% went to Trump.
– People dissuaded from voting because of long lines or various measures making it more difficult to vote. I have no idea how big or small this one is. This must matter a lot more in some states than in others.
I'm sure there are some other things I missed. Let me just emphasize that the goal in this exercise is to understand the different factors that were going on, not to identify one thing or another that could've flipped the election outcome. The election was so close that any number of things could've swung enough votes for that.
P.S. Two other parts of the story:
– Voter enthusiasm. The claim has been made that Trump's supporters had more enthusiasm for their candidate. They were part of a movement (as with Obama 2008) in a way that was less so for Clinton's supporters. That enthusiasm could transfer to unexpectedly high voter turnout, with the twist that this would be hard to capture in pre-election surveys if Trump's supporters were, at the same time, less likely to respond to pollsters.
– The “ground game” and social media. One reason the election outcome came as a surprise is that we kept hearing stories about Hillary Clinton's professional campaign and big get-out-the-vote operation, as compared to Donald Trump's campaign which seemed focused on talk show appearances and twitter. But maybe the Trump's campaign's social media efforts were underestimated.
P.P.S. One more thing: I think one reason for the shock is that people are reacting not just to the conditional probability, Pr (Trump wins | Trump reaches Election Day with 48% of two-party support in the polls), but to the unconditional probability, Pr (Trump becomes president of the United States | our state of knowledge two years ago). That unconditional probability is very low. And I think a lot of the stunned reaction is in part that things got so far.
To use a poker analogy: if you're drawing to an inside straight on the river, the odds are (typically) against you. But the real question is how you got to the final table of the WSOP in the first place.
A catchphrase used to mock theorists who base their conclusions on impractical or unlikely assumptions
"Assume a can opener" is a catchphrase used to mock economists and other theorists who base their conclusions on impractical or unlikely assumptions. The phrase "takes aim at how economists use assumptions to simplify—and sometimes oversimplify—the problems they face".[1] It may be used to express the writer's disdain for "the propensity of modern economic theory for unjustified and oversimplified assumptions."[2]
Origin [ edit ]
It derives from a joke which dates to at least 1970 and possibly originated with British economists.[3] The first book mentioning it is likely Economics as a Science (1970) by Kenneth E. Boulding:[4]
There is a story that has been going around about a physicist, a chemist, and an economist who were stranded on a desert island with no implements and a can of food. The physicist and the chemist each devised an ingenious mechanism for getting the can open; the economist merely said, "Assume we have a can opener"!
The phrase was popularized in a 1981 book and has become sufficiently well known that many writers on economic topics use it as a catchphrase without further explanation.[5][6]
Examples of usage [ edit ]
The joke and its application to economists were taken up in the 1981 book Paper Money by "Adam Smith" (pseudonym of George Goodman),[7] wherein he applied the story to the then-tendency of economists to assume that inflation would go away, and mocked the notion that economists are "the high priests of this esoteric mystery."[8] In contrast, he asks "why the economists are always wrong."[9] The phrase "assume a can opener" became "his nagging accusation against the deductive logic and analytical models of economists."[10]
The Italian finance minister Tommaso Padoa-Schioppa used the phrase in 2006 to illustrate that "Very often, when economists comment, they assume politics away."[11] It has been used in Australia to describe "a treasurer who has lost all touch with reality"[12] and politicians "assuming away" the problem of getting a global greenhouse gas deal.[13] It was used in India to describe American economic policy toward China.[14]
It has been extended beyond economics to describe diplomats and negotiators working toward peace in the Middle East, who have "attempted to build confidence among the warring parties as if the conflict were just a big misunderstanding" and who "assumed leaders who did not exist, as a way to conjure a preferable reality."[15]
See also [ edit ]
Occam's razor – Philosophical principle of selecting the solution with the fewest assumptions
Spherical cow – A humorous metaphor for highly simplified scientific models of complex real life phenomena
Sign me up for news alerts
The demolition of a disused building at Grain Power Station is believed to be the cause of a explosive noise on Sheppey this morning.
It is understood energy company E.ON notified local residents of its intention to carry out its destruction at 8am, which is when a loud, thunderous sound was reported by Island residents.
At first, it was thought the 650ft chimney stack at Kingsnorth Power Station, which overlooks Sheppey and is in the process of being taken down, had been demolished.
Aerial view of Kingsnorth Power Station
But it's not due to disappear completely until 2016.
Grain-A power station was closed in 2012, and Kingsnorth a year later because it did not meet EU standards on pollution.
Energy firm E.ON announced last year that work had started to knock both plants down.
Police said they had not received any calls from residents about this morning's explosive noise.
Ten years ago, Dave Chappelle gathered a bunch of artists to perform at an outdoor concert in Brooklyn. In 2005, he shared those performances in the great Michel Gondry-directed film Block Party. Now, he's announced his first New York shows in a decade, and heads up, they sound awesome.
From June 24-26, Chappelle will co-headline shows at Radio City Music Hall alongside a few musical guests. The Roots, Janelle Monáe, Erykah Badu, Busta Rhymes, and DJ Premier are all tapped to perform, and they'll all be accompanied by a full orchestra. More guests will be announced later. He's also performing five consecutive nights of stand-up at Radio City from June 18-22, which won't include musical guests and are all sold out.
Watch Badu perform in Block Party:
Correction: A previous version of this story neglected to mention the first five nights of Chappelle's Radio City shows.
We're counting down here at FoxDeploy, about to reach a traffic milestone (1 Million hits!) , and because I am pretty excited and like to celebrate moments like this, I had an idea…
I was originally inspired by MKBHD's very cool YouTube subscriber tracker device, which you can see in his video here, and thought, boy I would love one of these!
It turns out that this is the La Metric Time, a $200 ‘hackable Wi-Fi clock'. It IS super cool, and if I had one, I could get this working in a few hours of work. But $200 is $200.
I then remembered my poor neglected rPi sitting in its box with a bunch of liquid flow control dispensers and thought that I could probably do this with just a few dollars instead(spoiler:WRONG)!
It's been a LONGGG time since I've written about Windows IoT and Raspberry Pi, and to be honest, that's mostly because I was getting lazy and hated switching my output on my monitor from the PC to the rPi. I did some googling and found these displays which are available now, and mount directly to your Pi!
Join me on my journey as I dove into c# and buying parts on eBay from shady Chinese retailers and in the end, got it all working. And try to do it spending less than $200 additional dollars!
Necessary Materials
To properly follow along, you'll need a Raspberry Pi of your own. Windows 10 IoT will work on either the Raspberry Pi 2B + or Raspberry Pi 3, so that's your choice but the 3 is cheaper now. Click here for one!
You'll also need a micro SD card as well, but you probably have one too. Get an 8gb or bigger and make sure it is fast/high-quality like a Class 10 Speed card.
Writing an SD Card is MUCH easier than it was in our previous post. Now, it's as simple as downloading the ‘IoT Dashboard‘ and following the dead simple wizard for Setting up a new device. You can even embed Wi-Fi Connections so that it will connect to Wi-Fi too, very cool. So, write this SD Card and then plug in your rPi to your monitor or…
Optional Get a display:
There are MANY, many options for displays available with the Raspberry Pi and a lot of them work…in Linux. Or Raspbian. Or PiBuntu or who knows what. A lot of them are made by fly-by-night manufacturers who have limited documentation, or worse, expansive documentation that is actually a work of fiction. I've bought and tried a number of them, here is what I've found.
Choosing the wrong display and hating your life
First out the gate, I saw this tiny little display, called the “LCD MODULE DISPLAY PCB 1.8 ” TFT SPI 128 x 160″. I immediately slammed that ‘BUY' button…then decided to look it up and see if it would work.
While it works in some Linux distros I could not make it work with Windows 10 IoT, as it just display a white screen. It is well, well below the supported minimum resolution for Windows (it could barely render the start button and File Explorer icon on the start bar, in fact, if we could even get it working) so it was no surprise. There's $10 down the drain.
Kind of off to a rocky start, at 25% of the price of the bespoke solution…surely, spending more money is the way out of this mess.
Next up, I found this guy, the 3.5″ Inch Resistive Touch Screen TFT LCD Display 480×320.
This one easily worked in Raspian, but at such a low res, I could never get it to display a picture in Windows, just a white screen, indicating no driver. I contacted the manufacturer and they confirmed support for Linux (via a driver written in Python!) but no Windows support. At $35, it was more painful to box up,
From what I can tell, these are both Chinese counterfeits of displays made by WaveShare. So at this point I decided to just legitimately buy the real deal from WaveShare, since they mention on their site that the screen does work with Windows 10 IoT.
If you're doing the math, I was halfway there to the full solution already in pricing.
Choosing the right monitor and a sigh of relief
I eventually ponied up the dough and bought the 5inch HDMI LCD V2 800×480 HDMI display. This one uses the HDMI connection on the rPi and also features a touch screen. The screen even works with Windows 10 IoT!
It implements touch via a resistive touch panel rather than the standard capacitive touch. And no one has written a driver for the touch panel 😦 So, it works, and it is a great size for a small project, but it doesn't have touch. At this point, I decided that this was good enough.
When I connected this display, I saw scrolling lines which changed patterns as the content on the screen changed.
This is a great sign, as it means that Windows is rendering to the display, but at the wrong refresh rate or resolution.
To fix this, remote in to your Raspberry Pi via the admin$ share, and change the Video section of your C:\EFSIS\Config.txt file. Once you've made the change, reboot the device and display will just work!
# # Video # framebuffer_ignore_alpha=1 # Ignore the alpha channel for Windows. framebuffer_swap=1 # Set the frame buffer to be Windows BGR compatible. disable_overscan=1 # Disable overscan hdmi_cvt 800 480 60 6 0 0 0 # Add custom 800x480 resolution (group 2 modes 87) hdmi_group=2 # Use VESA Display Mode Timing over CEA hdmi_mode=87
What we're doing here is adding a new HDMI display mode and assigning it the numerical ID of 87 (since Windows ships with 86 HDMI modes, and none are 800 x 480!) and then telling windows to use that mode. With all of these changes in place, simply restart your Pi and you should see the following
At this point I decided that I ALSO wanted touch, so I bought the 7″ model too (jeeze how much am I spending on this project??). Here's that one WaveShare 7inch HDMI LCD (C ).
I'll follow up on this later about how to get touch working. Update: scroll down to see how to enable the 7″ display as well!
Here's my current balance sheet without the 7″ display included. Don't wanna give my wife too much ammunition, after all.
So, now that we've got our Pi working, let's quietly set it off to the side, because we've got some other work to do first before we're ready to use it.
Update: How to enable a 7″ Display
Here's the display I mentioned, the WaveShare 7inch HDMI LCD (C ).
I love this screen! I wholly recommend using this display for your Pi, it has built in touch which is 100% supported, it's also a capacitive touch model with fused glass, so it looks like a high-end smart phone screen. It's super sexy.
If you buy this one, you can actually enable support for the screen when you first record the Win10 IoT image. To do this route, when you write the OS onto the SD Card, open explorer and go to the SD Card's EFIESP partition.
Next, open Config.txt and add or change the final few lines to match this below. Again only if you bought the 7″ display. If you bought a different HDMI display, you can simply change the resolution to match.
init_uart_clock=16000000 # set uart clock to 16mhz kernel_old=1 # load kernel.img at physical memory address 0x0 safe_mode_gpio=8 # a temp firmware limitation workaround max_usb_current=1 # enable maximum usb current gpu_mem=32 hdmi_force_hotplug=1 # enable hdmi display even if it is not connected core_freq=250 # frequency of gpu processor core in mhz framebuffer_ignore_alpha=1 # ignore the alpha channel for windows. framebuffer_swap=1 # set the frame buffer to be windows bgr compatible. disable_overscan=1 # disable overscan hdmi_cvt 1024 600 60 6 0 0 0 # Add custom 1024x600 resolution (group 2 modes 87) hdmi_group=2 # Use VESA Display Mode Timing over CEA hdmi_mode=87
It's that simple. Be careful using this method, because if you go to the Device Portal on the device and check the Resolution settings there, our custom HDMI mode will not be displayed. Fiddling with the settings in Device Portal can force your Pi to reboot and erase your settings, forcing you to go through this process again.
Getting Started with C#
Windows 10 IoT can run apps written in JavaScript, Python and C#. It can also run PowerShell remoting as well, but if you go that route we cannot use the typical PowerShell and XAML approach we've been doing. And a GUI was crucial to this whole project. So, for the first time ever, we are going to write this natively in c# and XAML.
Since I was just getting my toes wet, I decided to start super simply with a basic hello world console app in C#. I followed this guide here. Soon enough, I had my own hello world app! Launch Visual Studio, make a new Project and then choose Visual C# \ Console Application. Then, erase everything and paste this in.
// A Hello World! program in C#. using System; namespace HelloWorld { class Hello { static void Main() { Console.WriteLine("Hello Foxy!"); // Keep the console window open in debug mode. Console.WriteLine("Press any key to exit."); Console.ReadKey(); } } }
If you look through the code, it's not THAT far away from PowerShell. Sure there are way more nested code blocks than we'd normally have in PowerShell, but essentially all we do is call Console.WriteLine() which is the c# equivalent of Write-Host , and provide an overload which is written to the screen. Then we end this by waiting for the user to hit something with Console.ReadKey();.
I hit Compile (F5) and boom!
What does using mean?
C# makes use of Namespaces. Namespaces are a way of organizing code into different modules that might be importable (on systems that don't have them, you could add new namespaces with DLLs or by installing software) and prevents code collision. Our new program begins with using System; (called a directive, we're directing our program to use the System namespace), which contains a lot of cool functions we need, such as Console.WriteLine() . If we didn't begin the code by importing the System Namespace we'd have to write System.Console.WriteLine() everytime, instead of just Console.WriteLine() .
With that out of the way, and now that we are C# experts (let's pause and add ‘Developer' to our LinkedIn and StackJobs profiles too) I decided to move on to a basic WebRequest, following this great example.
Babies first WebRequest
I copied and pasted the demo and hit F5, only to see that this is pretty boring, essentially just loads the Contoso page and displays the HTTP status code. That, frankly will not fly.
To spice things up a bit under the covers, I decided to instead hit the awesome JSONTest.com page, which has a bunch of nifty test endpoints like ip.JSONTest.com. Hitting this endpoint will give you back your public IP address. Nifty! I simply changed the URL on line 18 to string url ="http://ip.jsontest.com"; and BOOM smash that F5.
using System; using System.Collections.Generic; using System.Linq; using System.Text; using System.Net; using System.Web; using System.Threading.Tasks; using System.IO; namespace WebHelloWorldGetIp { class Program { static void Main(string[] args) { string url = "http://ip.jsontest.com/"; HttpWebRequest request = (HttpWebRequest)WebRequest.Create(url); request.Credentials = CredentialCache.DefaultCredentials; // Get the response. WebResponse response = request.GetResponse(); // Display the status. Console.WriteLine(((HttpWebResponse)response).StatusDescription); // Get the stream containing content returned by the server. Stream dataStream = response.GetResponseStream(); // Open the stream using a StreamReader for easy access. StreamReader reader = new StreamReader(dataStream); // Read the content. string responseFromServer = reader.ReadToEnd(); // Write the response out to screen Console.WriteLine(responseFromServer); //clean up reader.Close(); response.Close(); //Wait for user response to close Console.WriteLine("Press any key to exit."); Console.ReadKey(); } } }
How different things are…
A quickly little note here, as you may have noticed on line 19, when we created a variable with string url=".." we had to specify the type of variable we want. PowerShell was dynamically typed, meaning it could determine the right type of variable for us as we go, but C# is NOT, it is statically typed. Keep this in mind, furthermore where PowerShell was very forgiving and case insensitive, C# is case sensitive. If I define string name = "Stephen" and then later write Console.WriteLine("Hello " + NAME ); I will get an error about an undefined variable.
We hit F5 and…
Sweet! Now we've done a working webrequest, the next step is to swap in the URL for WordPress's REST API and see if we can get stats to load here in the console. If we can, then we move the code over to Windows 10 IoT and try to iron out the bugs there too.
Querying WordPress from C#
In my usage case, I wanted to query the WordPress API, and specifically the /Stats REST Endpoint. However, this is a protected endpoint and requires Authentication as we covered in a previous post on oAuth.
WordPress handles Authentication by adding an Authorization property to the header, which is simply a key value pair of this format
Key ValueName Authentication Bearer #YourBearerTokenHere
We are using the System.Net.Http.Httpclient class, which supports adding extra headers using this format as seen below.
request.Headers["Authorization"] = "Bearer <YourKeyHere>";
Then I spiff things up a bit more than seen here (mostly adding a cool Fox ascii art), and get the following results:
This is nice, but it's JSON and I want just the numerical value for Hits.
Visual Studio 2013 and up integrates Nuget right into the IDE, so it's very easy to reference awesome community tools. We're going to add NewtonSoft JSON to the project, following the steps seen here.
With that in place, all we have to do is create a new jObject which has a nifty .SelectToken() method you use to pick an individual property when you parse JSON.
JObject Stats = JObject.Parse(responseFromServer); Console.WriteLine(Stats.SelectToken("views"));
If you'd like to see the completed code. It's here, and here's the output.
Alright, now all I have to do is make a GUI, and port this over to Raspberry Pi–which runs on .netCore and only uses some of the libraries that full dotnet supports–surely that will be very easy, right?
A good stopping point
Phew, this was fun! We learned which components to use (and which to avoid) learned a bit about c# background terminology, and even wrote our first WebRequest, parsing JSON using Nuget packages we installed into our application. This was awesome!
Stay tuned for Part II, dropping later this week! (this will link to Part II when available)
Advertisements
The holiday break is really over as shows are returning in droves this week and new series prepare to launch. Almost all of the Big 4 had something new or newish on last night, with Hollywood Game Night (1.2/4) and New Girl (1.4/5) making their season debuts in whole new parts of a new year – and both taking a drop.
There was a classic sitcom case of mistaken identity and a Bollywood dance number on the Season 5 premiere of the Zooey Deschanel-led New Girl on Tuesday. But now moved to midseason and 8 PM, the comedy suffered a to-be-expected fall from its Season 4 debut on September 16, 2014. Perhaps falling more than anticipated, last night's bow was down 18% in adults 18-49 compared with its previous opener to hit an all-time opener low. Compared to the 9 PM winter return of Season 4 on January 6 last year, last night's New Girl was pretty steady, with just a 7% dip in the demo.
Its time-slot rival Hollywood Game Night took a slightly harder hit Tuesday with a 20% drop from its Season 3 debut last July 7. Lacking an America's Got Talent lead-in, the Jane Lynch-fronted show was surely going to suffer. While last night's HGN slipped only 8% among 18-49s compared to its Season 2 premiere on January 20, 2014 at 8 PM, it still marked a season-opener low for the NBC show.
On CBS, NCIS (2.6/9) and NCIS: New Orleans (2.4/7) were up double digits to lead the network to an easy win Tuesday with a 2.1/7 rating and 14.38 million viewers. With a crossover, the procedurals rose 24% and a strong 41%, respectively, in the demo from their last originals December 15 to hit season highs for both. (In fact, the numbers were the best the shows have done since February 17 and January 6, 2015, respectively). With those kinds of numbers, it was no surprise the midseason return of newbie Limitless (1.4/5) also was up – in this case 8% as Bradley Cooper made another appearance on the show based on his 2011 film. NCIS and NCIS: NOLA saw dips of 7% and 4%, respectively, from their midseason returns last season but were still No. 1 and No. 2 in the ratings for the night.
Against that kind of competition, the rest of Fox's revamped comedy night didn't spike, with Grandfathered (1.0/3) and The Grinder (0.8/2) steady with their last outings last year. Brooklyn Nine-Nine (1.2/4) was down 29% from its last Sunday outing on an NFL-infused Fox but consistent with non-Sunday offerings.
A Shark Tank (1.2/4) special set up the Season 2 premiere of Beyond The Tank (1.1/4) last night on ABC at 9 PM. Down 31% from its Season 1 opener May 1 last year (a Friday), BTT faced off against time-slot winner Chicago Med (1.9/6). The Dick Wolf newbie was part of the other crossover of the night with Chicago Fire (1.8/6) at 9 PM. Without a lead-in from The Voice for the first time this season, Med was down 10% from its last original December 8 at 9 PM. In the 9 PM slot last night, Chicago Fire burned off 14% of the demo that it had for its last original on the same mid-December date.
The CW was all encores last night.
BEIJING (Reuters) - The United States stressed on Thursday that it opposes Taiwan plans to hold a referendum on U.N. membership, while China urged Washington to help oppose the vote that it calls a dangerous provocation.
Supporters of Taiwan's main opposition Nationalist Party (KMT) celebrate after the Taiwan legislative elections outside the party's headquarters in Taipei, January 12, 2008. REUTERS/Nicky Loh
Speaking before regular high-level talks with China, U.S. Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte pointedly criticized the vote planned for March in which Taiwan's independence-leaning President Chen Shui-bian wants approval to seek U.N. membership under the name “Taiwan”.
China regards Taiwan as a breakaway province that must accept reunification and calls the referendum a provocative bid to create formal independence for the island.
“From the perspective of the United States, the conduct of such a referendum is a mistake,” Negroponte told reporters, echoing comments made in December by U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
“We think it is a provocative policy on the part of the Taiwanese authorities.”
Negroponte made the remarks ahead of two days of talks with Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Dai Bingguo that will cover Taiwan and other diplomatic hotspots, including North Korea and Iran.
China indicated that Taiwan remains its top worry and it wants Washington efforts to help stifle Chen's plans for the vote alongside presidential elections on the island.
Both Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi raised the referendum when meeting Negroponte on Wednesday, the Communist Party's official People's Daily said.
“Under current circumstances, opposing secessionist activities such as the referendum more firmly is vital for peace and stability across the Taiwan Strait and overall China-U.S. relations,” Yang was quoted as telling Negroponte.
SENSITIVE ISSUE
Wen told Negroponte that Washington should “properly” deal with sensitive issues such as Taiwan.
China has claimed sovereignty over self-ruled Taiwan since the end of the Chinese civil war in 1949. It has vowed to bring the island back under mainland rule, by force if necessary.
The United States switched diplomatic recognition from Taipei to Beijing in 1979, recognizing “one China”, but is obliged by the Taiwan Relations Act to help the island defend itself and is its biggest ally and arms supplier.
“This is an issue that must be dealt with by peaceful means,” Negroponte told reporters.
Taiwan's main opposition Nationalist Party (KMT) thrashed the ruling Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) in legislative elections on Saturday, strengthening its bid to recapture the presidency in March and heralding better relations with China.
But China remains jittery, especially with Beijing's Olympic Games in August drawing additional attention to its actions.
Taiwan, under its official name the Republic of China, lost its U.N. seat to China in 1971. Repeated attempts by Taiwan to rejoin the world body have failed.
The use of “Taiwan” — rather than Republic of China — in Chen's latest campaign is viewed as particularly inflammatory by Beijing, which sees it as firming up the pro-independence claims.
Taiwan is recognized by just 23 mostly small, poor countries around the world, against 171 that recognize China.
Related Coverage China cites Tiananmen protests in obituary praise
Late last year, China abruptly cancelled a U.S. naval port call to Hong Kong, possibly reflecting unhappiness over U.S. military activities around Taiwan.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu said her country approved of Washington's opposition to the referendum.
But she also told a news conference that the United States should “proceed with caution” in the Taiwan Strait, where U.S. navy ships sometimes pass, calling the area “highly sensitive”.
FILE - In this May 8, 2016, file photo, a North Korean solder stands guard near barrels stacked up near the river bank of the North Korean town of Sinuiju, opposite the Chinese border city of Dandong. China announced Saturday, Sept. 23, 2017 it will limit oil supplies to North Korea under U.N. sanctions starting Oct. 1, 2017, stepping up pressure on Pyongyang over its pursuit of nuclear and missile technology. (Chinatopix via AP, File)
BEIJING (AP) — China announced Saturday that it will limit energy supplies to North Korea and stop buying its textiles under U.N. sanctions imposed over its nuclear and missile development, further reducing support from Pyongyang's last ally.
Exports of refined petroleum to the North will be limited to 2 million barrels per year, effective Jan. 1, the Commerce Ministry said. Sales of liquefied natural gas are banned outright.
North Korea depends on China for almost all its oil and gas but estimates of its consumption are low, leaving it unclear how Beijing's new limit will affect them. The restrictions announced Saturday do not apply to crude oil, which makes up the biggest share of energy exports to the North.
China also will ban textile imports from the North, the ministry said. Textiles are believed to be the North's biggest source of foreign revenue following rounds of U.N. sanctions under which Beijing cut off purchases of coal, iron ore, seafood and other goods.
China accounts for some 90 percent of the North's trade, making its cooperation critical to efforts to derail Pyongyang's nuclear and missile development.
Chinese leaders were long the North's diplomatic protectors but express increasing frustration with the government of Kim Jong-un. They support the latest U.N. Security Council sanctions but are reluctant to push Pyongyang too hard for fear Kim's government might collapse. They also argue against doing anything that might hurt ordinary North Koreans.
Chinese officials complain their country bears the cost of enforcing sanctions, which have hurt businesses in its northeast that trade with the North.
The U.N. Security Council voted Sept. 11 to limit fuel supplies and ban the North's textile exports. China, one of five permanent council members with power to veto U.N. action, agreed to the measure after the United States toned down a proposal for a complete oil embargo.
Petroleum exports for use in the North's ballistic missile program or other activities banned by U.N. sanctions also are prohibited, the Commerce Ministry said.
The U.S. government's Energy Information Agency estimates the North's 2016 daily imports from China at 15,000 barrels of crude oil and 6,000 barrels of refined products. That would be the equivalent of almost 5.5 million barrels of crude and 2.2 million barrels of refined products for the full year.
North Korea has abundant coal but depends almost entirely on imports for oil and gas.
North Korean textile exports in 2016 totaled $750 million, according to South Korea's Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency. It said nearly 80 percent went to China.
A former high school sophomore in Florida who was raped by her geometry teacher has won a nearly $50 million judgment against him.
Bresnniel Jansen Mones, 35, admitted to having sex with a minor and sending her lewd texts when he was a teacher in 2014. He was slapped with the hefty damages — $49.3 million — by a Miami-Dade civil court jury Tuesday, Channel 7 Miami reported.
“I feel like I am making a difference. No amount of money would ever change that,” the victim, identified only as C.R.R., told the outlet. “Being young and being put in that position, I felt like I was against a 32-year-old that obviously had more power, and people would believe him over me, and I didn't stand a chance.”
The Miami-Dade County school board also reached an undisclosed settlement with the student in a different suit, according to the Miami Herald.
They were accused of neglect in failing to protect the then-16-year-old from a teacher they allegedly knew had preyed on students before.
The suit said Mones sent the girl messages about sex, including images of his genitals, forced oral sex on her, and had sex with her on his desk.
“I was raped by my geometry professor. I was 16 years old at the time, and he had complete control over me,” the victim, now 20, told the local NBC affiliate. “I try not thinking about it and I don't speak of it unless I have to face a certain situation. But other than that, I try and go about my normal day.”
After the creepy teach pleaded guilty, he served six months in prison and was released in June.
His original probation period of 10 years was reduced to eight and he lives in South Miami-Dade as a registered sex offender.
“I feel like he should have been punished more,” Mones' victim told Channel 7 Miami. “Ten years can pass by and he can do whatever he wants to do.”
She said she now lives in fear because Mones is no longer in jail.
Goldman Sachs: Income inequality will ‘achieve greater prosperity and opportunity for all'
In a sign the Obama administration may finally be reacting to Main Street anger over Wall Street bonuses, the Treasury Department's “pay czar” is planning new limits on compensation for the senior-most executives at seven companies that received large amounts of bailout cash.
The 25 highest-earning executives at the seven firms — Citigroup, Bank of America, A.I.G., as well as GM and Chrysler and their respective financing arms — will see their compensation for this year slashed by an average of 90 percent, the New York Times reported in an exclusive on Wednesday.
Overall, compensation for all executives at the seven companies will drop 50 percent compared to last year. At A.I.G., whose bailout alone cost taxpayers $180 billion, executives in the company's financial products division will see their compensation limited to $200,000.
Notably, some of the most high-profile recipients of government aid, such as investment bank Goldman Sachs, are not on the list.
The Times said Kenneth Feinberg, the administration's “pay czar,” whom the newspaper refers to as “the special master at Treasury handling compensation issues,” will announce the new restrictions in the next few days.
“The pay restrictions illustrate the humbling downfall of the once-proud giants, now wards of the state whose leaders' compensation is being set by a Washington paymaster,” wrote the Times. “They also show how Washington in the last year has become increasingly powerful in setting corporate policies as more companies turned to the government for money to survive.”
GOLDMAN SACHS ADVISER: INCOME INEQUALITY PROVIDES ‘OPPORTUNITY FOR ALL'
But there is little indication that the Obama administration's new hard line on executive bonuses is changing the mentality on Wall Street. News of the pay restrictions came the same day as controversy erupted over comments by a Goldman Sachs adviser that growing income inequality between senior executives and employees is “necessary” to rebuild the economy.
“We have to tolerate the inequality as a way to achieve greater prosperity and opportunity for all,” Bloomberg news service quoted Brian Griffiths as saying. Griffiths is an adviser to Goldman Sachs International and once served as a special adviser to British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher.
Goldman Sachs set aside $16.7 billion this year for compensation and benefits, an increase of 46 percent over 2008.
As Pat Garofalo noted at ThinkProgress, executive compensation is on the rise in the United States even as employee salaries in almost all economic sectors decline. Pay cuts in sectors other than finance are “occurring more frequently than at any time since the Great Depression,” Garofalo wrote.
As RAW STORY reported in August, income inequality in the United States is at its highest level since records began.
But the phenomenon of runaway bonuses appears to be limited for the most part to the financial industry. A recent report from Grant Thornton indicates that executives in most industries are cutting back on bonuses, with 55 percent of executives reporting that their companies are in the midst of reducing compensation packages.
Only nine percent said their companies were increasing compensation.
A British financier has been arrested on suspicion of murder after two women were found dead inside the bloodied walls of his luxury apartment in Hong Kong.
The women were discovered in the 31st floor flat in the Wan Chai district of Hong Kong – a skyscrapper-filled central area popular with young, expat professionals. The 29-year-old Briton, who has not been named, was said by The South China Morning Post to work for a “top-tier global bank”.
Police arrested the man - reportedly a Bank of America Merrill Lynch employee, on Saturday after the two women, both of whom were said by local media to be sex workers of Asian origin, were discovered. According to a statement posted on a government website, police went to an apartment on Johnston Road after receiving a report by a 29-year-old foreign man at 3.42am.
The body of one was heavily decomposed, stuffed inside a large suitcase left on the balcony. Police believe it could have remained there for several days.
“She was nearly decapitated and her hands and legs were bound with ropes. She was naked and wrapped in a towel before being stuffed into the luggage,” a source told the newspaper . Her passport was found at the scene, and the newspaper said she was aged 25 and from Indonesia.
“From what we can see it was intentionally hidden because it was put in a travel suitcase,” said a police spokesman, describing the suitcase as being three foot long and one-and-a-half in width and height.
“This body belonged to a person who has passed away for quite some time,” he said, adding that maggots were found in the corpse.
The other victim, a woman aged between 25 and 30, was found with her throat cut, lying naked in the living room. She had been stabbed multiple times, and a knife was recovered from the scene.
CCTV footage from Friday allegedly showed the woman and the suspect returning to the flat around midnight. A small quantity of cocaine was found in the living room, the SCMP reported. “We are investigating whether he was under the influence of illegal drugs at the time of the incident,” the source said.
“There was a female that was unconscious, with knife injuries and was naked,” said Wan Siu-hung, assistant district commander, who attended the scene in Wan Chai.
Mr Wan said the cause of death was thought to be from a cut on her throat.
One resident who has lived at J Residence for about a year told the SCMP he had noticed an odd smell recently.
“There was a stink in the building like a dead animal,” he said. “It was a shock because you would never expect something like this to happen in Hong Kong.”
He said the building's occupants were mainly expatriates. A middle floor 350 sq foot home in the building was rented out in October for HK$21,000 (£1,700) per month.
Policemen on the balcony of an apartment in which two women's bodies were found in a flat at Hong Kong's Wanchai district (Reuters)
The area is both a business centre and a sought-after residential area.
Close to the Happy Valley racecourse and just behind the exhibition centre - where the handover from Britain to China was famously celebrated in 1997 - the district attracts affluent expats who want the prestige of living on Hong Kong island, but perhaps cannot afford the eye-watering prices of The Peak - the exclusive hillside mansions, overlooking Victoria Harbour.
By night it buzzes with life, as people drawn from all over the territory flock to its many bars and restaurants.
The gruesome case is unusual in Hong Kong, which has very low levels of violent crime. According to police statistics, the city of seven million saw 14 cases of homicide in the first half of the year.
A spokesperson for the Foreign Office told the BBC: “We can confirm that a British national has been arrested in Hong Kong.
“We are in touch with the local police and stand ready to provide consular assistance.”
Husband Bill has perhaps been a more reliable defender of legal abortion. Already pro-choice when he served as governor of Arkansas, he seemed troubled by the question of when life begins. He noted in his 2004 memoir that it is self-evident that biological life starts at conception. Even so, “No one knows,” he wrote, “when biology turns into humanity or, for the religious, when the soul enters the body.” Kengor reports that Bill sought the guidance of his then-minister, the Reverend W. O. Vaught, a conservative Baptist whose anti-abortion stance was well known. Vaught's opposition, however, had been shaken by the real-life trials of parishioners faced with difficult pregnancies. Challenged by Bill to offer a definitive answer, Vaught turned to the Bible. Based on his reading of scripture, he concluded that not until God “breathes life” into a body does “personhood” start. Human life, then, begins at birth with the first breath, he said; while abortion may be morally suspect, it does not qualify as murder. For Bill, Vaught's interpretation—which differs from the UMC's—settled the issue.
In her public comments, Clinton has been more ambivalent than her husband. She has noted that the question of when human life begins is “delicate” and “difficult,” echoing the UMC's position that the beginning of life is “the God-given boundary” of human existence. When Clinton was New York's Senator, she refused to sanction legislation placing limits on access to contraception because, she argued, doing so effectively turns abortion into a stand-by method of birth control. In a 2006 email released by her campaign, Clinton argued that low-income women experience more unintended pregnancies when contraception is expensive or hard to find, and “almost half of unwanted pregnancies end in abortion.” She made clear in a 2007 Democratic presidential forum that she wants to make abortion “safe, legal, and rare.” And, she emphasized, “By rare, I mean rare.”
Clinton has broadened the scope of standard pro-choice arguments by acknowledging that abortion can be an agonizing decision and that it “represents a sad, tragic choice to many, many women.” She has also acknowledged that it can lead to long-term feelings of guilt and regret, which the UMC calls “post-abortion stress”—after-effects rarely discussed by pro-choice activists. When women weigh whether to terminate a pregnancy, Clinton counsels them to “summon up what we believe is morally and ethically and spiritually correct and do the best we can with God's guidance.” Once again, her religiously grounded advice tracks the UMC's: “We call all Christians to a searching and prayerful inquiry into the sorts of conditions that may cause them to consider abortion. We entrust God to provide guidance, wisdom, and discernment.”
Misgivings aside, Clinton's support for legal abortion seems to have been constant since at least 1973, the year of Roe v. Wade. Women throughout history have sought abortions, legal or not, she says, and they will continue to do so even at the risk of their lives. She shares this non-negotiable starting point with the UMC, which while professing the sanctity of unborn human life also avows its respect for “the sacredness of the life and well-being of the mother.” For Clinton and the UMC, the primary concern is to ensure the safety of women who, regardless of their reasons, opt for abortion.
Inauguration-goers had plenty of room to watch Donald Trump become the 45th president Friday.
Photos appear to show that Trump, whose campaign trail crowds snaked for blocks around jammed arenas, only managed to fill about half the National Mall in Washington D.C. The two blocks farthest from the west steps of the Capitol where the transfer of power unfolded were nearly empty — white patches in stark contrast to the same ceremony eight years earlier, when Barack Obama took the oath of office before a record-setting crowd estimated at almost 2 million people.
During Obama's inauguration, StubHub and eBay refused to resell tickets to avoid sky-high resale prices. This time around, scalpers reportedly lost money. And earlier this month, the Trump team promoted Facebook ads selling tickets to the inauguration. The ads offered “limited edition, commemorative ticket as a keepsake to frame.”
In his inaugural address, Trump returned to his populist message of the disconnect between the successes of the Obama presidency and the voters who feel left behind. “For too long, a small group in our nation's capital has reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the cost,” he said. “Politicians prospered, but the jobs left. And the factories closed.”
One of the difficult parts I am experiencing when working with Backbone is separating out display logic properties from models. Let's look at a simple example where we display a user model in a view and allow the user's email address to be edited.
The Problem
var User = Backbone . Model . extend ({ url : '/users' }); var UserView = Backbone . View . extend ({ template : Handlebars . compile ( $ ( 'script[data-template-name="user"]' ). html ()), events : { 'click .edit-email' : 'editEmail' , }, editEmail : function ( e ) { e . preventDefault (); this . model . set ( 'editEmail' , true ); } }); var user = new User ({ id : 1 , first : 'David' , last : 'Tang' , email : [email protected]' }); var userView = new UserView ({ model : user }); userView . render ();
And the corresponding UserView template using Handlebars.
{{#if editEmail}} <input type= "text" value= "{{email}}" > {{else}} {{email}} <a href= "#" class= "edit-email" > Edit </a> {{/if}}
Whenever the edit button is clicked, the template switches from displaying the email and edit button to a text input where the email can be edited.
So imagine I click on that edit button. If I call user.toJSON() , the object will be:
Now let's say the API I am working with only allows certain properties to be sent across. In the case of this example, the API expects only properties id, first, last, and email. If unexpected properties are sent across, like editEmail, the API returns an error response.
Essentially the User model has beome polluted with display specific properties. One solution you might consider would be to write a custom AJAX call and override the save() method. This could work, but do you really want to do that for all your models? Probably not.
One of the things I really liked about Ember is how it defines controllers as a way to decorate models with display logic properties. There is a clear separation between the data models and the UI specific properties. Similarly in Angular, you can bind data to $scope or this if you are using the controller-as syntax, both which act as view-models and can be decorated with display specific properties.
A Solution
A solution I came up with was to introduce a view-model into Backbone called ViewModel that extends Backbone.Model . Here are the requirements:
1. The view-model should accept any number of properties containing Backbone models
var vm = new ViewModel ({ user : user , // a User model instance address : address // an Address model instance });
This could be improved to allow for infinite nested models, but this should suffice.
2. The view-model should call toJSON() on the data models attached to it
3. The view-model should emit “change” and “change:{property}” events when its models change.
var vm = new ViewModel ({ user : user }); vm . on ( 'change' , function () { console . log ( 'change event emitted' ); }); vm . on ( 'change:user' , function () { console . log ( 'change:user event emitted' ); }); vm . get ( 'user' ). set ( 'email' , [email protected]' ); // "change" event emitted // "change:user" event emitted
The Implementation
var ViewModel = Backbone . Model . extend ({ constructor : function ( options ) { Object . keys ( options ). forEach ( function ( key ) { var vm = this ; if ( options [ key ] instanceof Backbone . Model ) { options [ key ]. on ( 'change' , function () { vm . trigger ( 'change' ); vm . trigger ( 'change:' + key ); }); } }, this ); return Backbone . Model . apply ( this , arguments ); }, toJSON : function () { var json = Backbone . Model . prototype . toJSON . apply ( this , arguments ); Object . keys ( json ). forEach ( function ( key ) { var value = this . get ( key ); if ( value instanceof Backbone . Model ) { json [ key ] = value . toJSON (); } }, this ); return json ; } });
Conclusion
This is just one implementation I am experimenting with. I haven't tried it in the application I am building at work, but I am considering it. Please let me know what you think in the comments and what solutions you have tried/considered.
Related Posts
Disclaimer: Any viewpoints and opinions expressed in this article are those of David Tang and do not reflect those of my employer or any of my colleagues.
Image copyright ESA/David Ducros Image caption The Ariane 6 will launch from a dedicated new launch pad in French Guiana
The final tranche of R&D funding needed to introduce a new rocket for Europe was committed on Wednesday.
The European Space Agency has amended an August 2015 contract with Airbus Safran Launchers (ASL), to unlock a further €1.7bn (£1.5bn; $1.9bn).
It tops up initial monies of €680m and means ASL can now complete development of the Ariane 6.
This new rocket will replace the Ariane 5 but, crucially, aims to cut current launch prices in half.
The move to a new vehicle is seen as vital if Europe is to maintain its competitive position.
The Ariane 5 is still the dominant player in the market for big commercial satellite launches, but this position is being challenged by a new wave of American offerings, in particular from the California SpaceX company.
Image copyright ESA/David Ducros Image caption The Ariane 6 will come in two versions
This US firm's Falcon 9 rocket already undercuts the Ariane 5 on price and will get even cheaper if efforts to fly each vehicle multiple times prove successful.
The contract amendment signed in Paris follows approval by key committees at Esa in the past few days.
They signalled their contentment with the preliminary design progress on the Ariane 6 and the reorganisation in Europe's rocket industry required to implement vehicle production.
The last detail to be agreed was the establishment of a second line of fabrication for the carbon-fibre casings of the 6's strap-on, solid-fuel boosters.
This will be in Germany and will supplement the line already planned in Italy.
Many boosters are required, not only for the 6 but to use as the first stage on an upgrade to a smaller rocket known as Vega.
"Thanks to the trust and support of Esa and its member states' representatives, the industry has met its commitments and proved its ability to fulfil its role as a design and industrial authority," said Alain Charmeau, CEO of Airbus Safran Launchers.
“We have met the deadlines and quality objectives set, and now, thanks to the industrial organisation rolled out in record time, we can continue to develop a flexible, modular and competitive launcher that will fly in 2020".
The Ariane 6 will come in two versions. One, known as Ariane 62, will loft medium-sized spacecraft into orbit - the kind of platforms that image and study the Earth.
A second version, known as Ariane 64, will put up the heavy telecommunications spacecraft, which sit 36,000km above the equator.
The new rocket leans heavily on its heritage. Indeed, its upper-stage engine, called Vinci, was originally intended for an upgrade of the Ariane 5. Prototype Vinci test firings were conducted through the summer.
The Ariane 6 will fly from a dedicated launch pad at the Kourou spaceport in French Guiana. Jungle land has already been cleared for the facility, which is subject to separate contractual arrangements between Esa and the French space agency (CNES).
Image copyright ASL Image caption The Prometheus engine would be made substantially cheaper than the existing Vulcain power unit
Wednesday's signing means there should be no arguments over the Ariane 6 when Europe's research ministers meet for their big council gathering on 1/2 December in Lucerne, Switzerland.
In recent years, these fora have been dominated by negotiations over funding, national participation and workshare.
This time, the Council will confine itself to discussions about technology evolution programmes, such as the proposal to develop a liquid methane/oxygen engine dubbed Prometheus, which could one day power the Ariane 6's core stage.
Engineers believe this propulsion unit would be substantially cheaper to produce than the Vulcain engine that will drive the 6 skyward when it starts operating in four years' time.
Wednesday's contract amendments were signed at Esa HQ in Paris by the agency's director general, Jan Woerner, Mr Charmeau, and Jean-Yves Le Gall, the president of CNES. The signatures were inked in the presence of Thierry Mandon, French secretary of state for research and higher education.
Image copyright ESA Image caption Thierry Mandon (L), Jan Woerner (C) and Alain Charmeau at Esa HQ on Wednesday morning
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
BLOG
10 feb Artist Spotlight: The Fantastic Flight of Frank Frazetta
The Fantastic Flight of Frank Frazetta
Comic books have a rich history of being wrongfully treated as an underappreciated, trench-level art form that usually provide inspiration, and sometimes even unjustly so (in other words, being ripped off), for other artists and media. However, there are those unusual moments in comic book history when the tables turn and artists whose works outside of comics, or in some instances did not work directly in the medium, undeniably provide an endless amount of inspiration for other creators that follow them. Case in point: the inimitable art of Mr. Frank Frazetta.
For those of you who don't know, Frank Frazetta is the artist best known for his elaborate and masterful fantasy illustrations and paintings, among them his very own Death Dealer and the hundreds of covers and drawings he did for Robert E. Howard's Conan series. However, Frank Frazetta did work in comics. In fact, it is with the medium where he started out as a professional creative working during the industry's golden age first as a clean-up artist (he was the guy who polished the rough figures drawn by a primary artist) and then as an inker. By the time the 1950's came around, he had already made a name for himself as an established comic book illustrator, which opened up opportunities for him to handle solo art duties on a variety of books. But perhaps his most well-known direct contribution to the medium was his work for EC Comics and National Comics – this was at a time before DC Comics as we know it today was formed – along with his frequent collaborator, the equally legendary Al Williamson. During his stay within the comic book industry, he worked on characters like the Shining Knight and Buck Rogers until he was hired by Li'l Abner creator Al Capp to work on the same comic strip. At the same time, he was working on his own Johnny Comet strip during those days and providing art assists on flash Gordon. He would continue focusing on these dailies until 1961, at which point he returned to comic books.
It was during the 1960's that Frank Frazetta will veer away from doing the funny books and start pouring his attention to the medium that he'll be best remembered for: doing painted covers and posters for various companies and groups. One reason for his departure from the medium is compensation. According to him, he had earned as much as his yearly salary doing comics painting a single movie poster for the movie “What's New Pussycat?” However, Frazetta was undoubtedly in his element when it came to providing painted covers and illustrations for characters like Conan, Tarzan, and the John Carter series, so much so that it is his works during this point in his career that future creators, not only in comics but throughout popular culture in general, often cite as a primary inspiration in their own respective careers. From there, he would go on to create numerous artworks for movies, books, and music albums.
Yes, we could say that what Jack Kirby did for the superhero genre, Frank Frazetta did for fantasy. The world would be a much blander place without him. So, thanks for everything Frank. We're pretty sure that wherever you are right now, it's as epic as the works you did.
Planned Parenthood said Thursday that it will sue the conservative anti-abortion group behind secretly taped videos that appeared to show abortion providers selling fetal tissue, which ignited a firestorm over the women's-health organization before the videos were widely criticized as having been deceptively edited.
Officials announced they would sue the Center for Medical Progress and the company behind it, Biomax, for “providing fraudulent information in violation of federal law” to gain access to Planned Parenthood conferences and doctors as part of what they called an “elaborate secret conspiracy” to discredit the organization that provides reproductive health care and abortions.
Amy Bonse, a lawyer representing Planned Parenthood, said the organization was seeking damages of an unspecified amount. She said the lawsuit names Center for Medical Progress head David Daleiden and several others as “members of a criminal enterprise” and alleges that they “engaged in repeated criminal acts,” including falsifying drivers' licenses, secretly taping, breach of contract, and “providing fraudulent information in violation of federal law.”
“The laws are clear,” Bonse said. “David and his co-conspirators repeatedly and knowingly violated them.”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The videos led to a congressional clash over government funding for the group and became a flash point in the presidential race. Multiple investigations of the allegations have found no evidence of any wrongdoing.
Daleiden responded defiantly to the lawsuit on Thursday. “Game on,” he wrote in an email. “I look forward to taking the depositions of all the Planned Parenthood CEOs who profited off of their business relationship with StemExpress.”
Dawn Laguens, executive vice president of Planned Parenthood for America, called the defendants in the lawsuit “among the nation's most extreme anti-abortion activists,” and noted that the videos had led to an increase in threats against doctors and other providers. She linked last year's shooting at a Colorado Planned Parenthood clinic to the heated climate created by the videos.
And she reiterated that allegations of the group selling fetal tissue for profit are “patently untrue.”
“This case is about a network of anti-abortion extremists and the laws they broke in order to spread lies and harm Planned Parenthood.” she said. “This entire smear campaign is a fraud based on illegal acts and a web of lies.”
— Additional reporting by Alex Altman
Write to Charlotte Alter at charlotte.alter@time.com.
The senior designer of cult Criterion FPS Black has revealed his new game: World War 2 shooter Enemy Front.
The outspoken Stuart Black last year left Codemasters, where he was a creative director of failed FPS Bodycount.
Enemy Front is set for launch on PC, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and is published by City Interactive. It is developed using Crytek's CryEngine 3 at City Interactive's UK and Poland studios.
You play a soldier dropped behind Nazi lines. Missions include quick skirmishes, espionage assignments and sabotage activities.
The story spans several years, progressing from the trenches in France to a secret weapon base in Berlin. It includes the events of the Wolf's lair and the dechiphering of the Enigma code. You have to stop the Nazis from developing a "terrifying weapon".
Enemy Front is described as a gritty FPS that "takes players back to the carnage and chaos of WW2". The maps are "fully destructible".
RDS.ca
SYRACUSE, N.Y. - Benoît Groulx a fait un pas de plus vers la Ligue nationale de hockey mardi, alors qu'il est devenu l'entraîneur-chef du Crunch de Syracuse, le club-école du Lightning de Tampa Bay dans la Ligue américaine. Une nouvelle d'abord rapporté par RDS.
Benoit Groulx sera nommé Ent-chef du #Crunch de Syracuse, club-école du #Lightning de Tampa Bay, au cours des prochains jours #AHL #RDS — Stephane Leroux (@StephRDSJunior) May 10, 2016
Le directeur général du Crunch, Julien BriseBois, en a fait l'annonce lors d'une conférence de presse. Groulx succède à Rob Zettler, qui se verra offrir de nouvelles fonctions au sein de l'organisation, selon ce que rapportent des médias de Syracuse.
Âgé de 48 ans, Groulx possède une feuille de route impressionnante au niveau du hockey junior, et provient d'une organisation, les Olympiques de Gatineau, qui a formé pour la Ligue nationale de hockey des entraîneurs tels le regretté Pat Burns, Alain Vigneault et Claude Julien. Ces trois hommes ont tous gagné au moins une fois le trophée Jack-Adams, remis à l'entraîneur-chef par excellence dans la LNH. Burns est le seul dans l'histoire du circuit à y avoir fait graver son nom en trois occasions.
« Ç'a été un peu inattendu de recevoir l'appel de Julien Brisebois, a confié Groulx à RDS. Il m'a alors demandé si je voulais aller le rencontrer. On a ensuite passé beaucoup de temps ensemble, avant qu'il ne me présente à Steve Yzerman (DG du Lightning). [...] Quand je suis revenu chez moi, je me suis dit que c'était probablement l'occasion que j'attendais depuis un certain temps que de travailler avec des personnes de hockey comme eux qui veulent être compétitifs aussi bien dans la Ligue américaine que dans la LNH. »
Groulx en sera à un deuxième séjour dans la Ligue américaine de hockey, après avoir dirigé les Americans de Rochester de 2008 à 2010. En deux saisons, les Americans ont affiché un dossier global de 73-76-11 et participé une fois aux séries éliminatoires.
Benoît Groulx fait le saut chez les professionnels
« À l'époque, je pense que j'étais un coach old school, alors qu'aujourd'hui, je dirais que je suis un coach new school. De nos jours, les entraîneurs doivent être exigeants avec leurs athlètes, tout en les gardant responsables, mais il doit aussi y avoir une proximité entre les athlètes et les entraîneurs, spécialement au niveau professionnel. C'est la différence entre le Benoit Groulx qui sera à Syracuse et celui qui était à Rochester à l'époque », note Groulx, qui a préféré saisir l'offre du Lightning, plutôt que de prendre la barre des Senators de Binghampton, le club-école des Sénateurs d'Ottawa.
« Pierre Dorion (DG des Sénateurs) et Randy Lee (adjoint de Dorion) ont été extraordinaires avec moi. Ils m'ont proposé Binghampton, mais j'avais déjà trouvé ce que je cherchais », a expliqué Groulx.
Dans la LHJMQ, Groulx s'est joint aux Olympiques en 2001 et en 12 saisons avec l'organisation, il a présenté un dossier cumulatif de 460-293-18-59 et a mené son équipe à trois championnats de la ligue, en 2003, 2004 et en 2008. En 2003-2004, il a été élu entraîneur par excellence dans la LHJMQ.
Les compétences de Groulx l'ont également amené à diriger sur la scène internationale, d'abord comme adjoint lors du Championnat du monde des moins de 18 ans, en 2004, et lors des Championnats du monde de hockey junior de 2014, à titre d'adjoint, et l'année suivante en tant qu'entraîneur-chef. Sous ses ordres en 2015, le Canada a affiché un dossier parfait de 7-0 et a remporté la médaille d'or, battant la Russie lors d'une finale endiablée disputée à Toronto.
The appropriateness of spanking as a parental disciplinary technique arouses passionate debate. But a new meta-analysis of five decades of research suggests that, in addition to the psychological effects on children, there may be a large price to pay for the parents.
Measuring the effects of spanking has proven difficult, not only because so many people come to the topic with unmovable opinions, but because spanking is often accompanied by other forms of physical punishment, and many studies do not distinguish these sufficiently for conclusions to be drawn about spanking alone.
In the Journal of Family Psychology, Dr. Elizabeth Gershoff of The University of Texas at Austin brings together studies of the effects of spanking that included a total of 160,927 children. "Our analysis focuses on what most Americans would recognize as spanking and not on potentially abusive behaviors," Gershoff said in a statement. Spanking was defined as an open-handed slap to the buttocks or limbs.
Gershoff concluded that there is an association between spanking and 13 of the 17 detrimental outcomes they tested for. Most strikingly, she found that it is a very ineffective way to get children to follow parents' wishes.
"We found that spanking was associated with unintended detrimental outcomes and was not associated with more immediate or long-term compliance, which are parents' intended outcomes when they discipline their children," Gershoff said.
On top of this, the traditional line that “it never did me any harm” doesn't stand up very well. Adults who were spanked as a child were more likely to suffer mental health problems and to behave in anti-social ways.
A UNICEF report found that in most countries, more than 70 percent of children were spanked in the previous month, so it is obviously not the case that spanking is always disastrous (unless you take a very grim view of the state of humanity). However, the evidence Gershoff compiled suggests that the frequency of spanking is as important as whether it happens at all. The more often a child was spanked, the more likely they were to show negative effects.
The aspect of Gershoff's study that is likely to draw the most disbelief is her comparison with physical abuse. "We as a society think of spanking and physical abuse as distinct behaviors," she said. "Yet our research shows that spanking is linked with the same negative child outcomes as abuse, just to a slightly lesser degree."
Despite the fact that the studies Gershoff used go back as far as the 1960s, the comparison of spanking to abuse always draws a backlash, even though some psychologists argue they are actually the same thing.
Sweden banned spanking in 1979, but recent proposals to do the same thing in Canada have proven highly controversial, while in New Zealand legislation, which remains in force, to ban smacking was opposed by a more than 88 percent majority in a non-binding referendum after opponents of the ban claimed that "no decent research shows smack by a loving parent breeds violence."
This post may contain affiliate links; please read the disclosure for more information.
I visited Disney Springs earlier this week and there were plenty of new items to see, so let's take a look at what has changed in our latest photo report:
The Town Center will open in phases beginning May 15th
Work continues on the new bus loop
The Coca-Cola Store is coming along nicely
A Jungle Book photo-op is located near the AMC
Jungle Book banners up as well
STK off in the distance
Windows were finally installed last week
Work continues on The Edison
The Town Center as seen from The Landing
Work continues on the kiosks near Fulton's
A fountain has been installed as well
Fulton's is now closed to be turned into a new concept
The other new kiosk across from Fulton's
The buildings near T. rex Cafe are coming along nicely as well
B.B. Wolf's is also nearing completion
As is the Aristocrepes
Walls up near the old bus loop, now in its final days
Custom MagicBands and phone cases can now also be ordered at Disney's Pin Traders
Many new phone case designs can be found here
Work progresses on the new home of the Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique
Once Upon a Toy now has the new Hoth sand playset in stock
There's also now a latex Dewback toy
If they can't sell guns at Disney Parks, I guess these Boba Fett blasters will have to do
New Twenty Eight and Main t-shirt designs have been released at Marketplace Co-Op
This shirt features the original Spaceship Earth opening line but the current logo
More phone cases could be found at Marketplace Co-Op
Walls up near the Marketplace stage
World of Disney now also has sections that are dedicated to certain characters or brands
Some new t-shirts
Disney PArks are starting to make more and more socks
New Marie ear hat
MAd Tea Party coffee mugs for sale
A new Disneyland mug for sale at World of Disney
I can't believe it, but there is now an Ortensia plush on sale to go with Oswald
Another look at the new structures in the Marketplace
Again looking towards the Town Center
We then went up to the Morimoto Asia balcony to get a better view
This building won't be ready by May 15th…
Signage for D-Luxe Burger already installed
Another STK sign waiting to be installed
Another look at The Edison
Windows now installed at the entrance of STK as well
New Star Wars Vinylmation were released recently
Two-thirds of the way through a book entitled The Reason for God, Tim Keller openly admits on page 162 that he isn't even going to attempt to provide evidence that God exists. Why not? Because, he says, you already know God exists. All of you. Atheists, too. He's just trying to make you see that you already do. Chapter 10 on “The Problem of Sin” then proceeds as if nothing more needs to be said on the matter.
Can I just say I am so ridiculously tired of the presumptuousness of it all?
Let Me Tell You What You're Really Thinking
Just yesterday I read a piece by a Christian writer—yet another self-styled apologist—who was explaining that even though his professional career has come to center around defending his faith, his own teenage daughters are currently distancing themselves from the religion in which they were raised. No matter, he says. Deep down they know their father is right. They're just mad at God for not making the world a happier, healthier place, despite the fact that evidently they were not even raised to have such an expectation. Nor was I, for what it's worth.
I left a comment on his post to the effect that I can relate to the difficulty of watching as your own children walk down a path different from your own. In my case, their mother and I raised them to be good evangelical Christians, but I was the one who ended up on a different path from them. Now my girls are all still devout Baptists, while their father has become an atheist.
The difference between him and me? I will never presume to tell my daughters that whatever path they are currently on is just a phase, and that I trust they will grow out of it one day. What a condescending way to speak to your own children! I have no idea what my children will ultimately believe about the big questions of life, but I have also made it clear that I don't really care. My daughters' conclusions about the big metaphysical questions are not the most important thing about them to my mind.
What matters so much more to me is the kind of women they become. What they believe about miracles and prayer and afterlives matters far less to me than whether or not they are learning to be compassionate, critical thinkers who treat each other well and seek to do whatever they can to make the world a better place. In fact, when I first started writing again after my deconversion, one of the first things I did was begin a series of short letters to them so that they can know exactly how I feel about a number of issues that I know will come up as they wrestle with their father's departure from the faith. I plan on adding more letters to that collection soon.
[Read “Letters to My Daughters“]
But here Keller does the same thing that the apologist father does with his own children: He presumes to tell his readers that he knows more than they do about what's really going on inside their minds and hearts.
So. sick. and. tired of it.
Furthermore, since Keller has finally concluded that real evidence for the existence of God is unnecessary (because we already know, right?), he shifts abruptly into preaching sermons for the remainder of the book. No more real argumentation is really needed. From this point onward, he will be slinging churchy words and phrases left and right, trotting out sweeping religious generalizations in rapid fire succession, never stopping to actually support or validate the claims that he is making. I guess we're just supposed to know that whatever he says next is right.
No Matter What You Do, You're Wrong
He starts by trotting out the word “sin” and building an entire chapter around it. I wrote earlier this week that using that word instead of any of the alternatives defeats your purpose if what you're doing is trying to appeal to people who don't already think the same way as you do. But preaching and evangelism depend upon loaded language like this because in order to make their case, they have to first choose proprietary words—words which stack the deck in favor of their own framework—or else they won't really be able to build a substantial case.
Additionally, instead of choosing commonly accepted examples of what is right and what is wrong, he starts things off by defining sin in such fundamentally skewed terms that only people who are correctly oriented toward his specific deity are in the right no matter what they are doing at the moment.
Sin is the despairing refusal to find your deepest identity in your relationship and service to God. Sin is seeking to become oneself, to get an identity, apart from him. (p.168) Sin is not simply doing bad things, it is putting good things in the place of God. (p.178)
This is why years ago I finally had to accept, despite my natural inclination to be conciliatory, that humanism and evangelical Christianity are fundamentally opposed to one another. The Christian gospel depends on judging even our good deeds and our praiseworthy traits as “sinful” because…well…because there has to be something to save you from. Without a sense of that need on your part, they have nothing to offer you.
Keller does what any preacher and evangelist has to do: He shoehorns all life into an inescapable (false) dilemma: You're either livin' for Jesus, or you're livin' in sin. There are no alternatives.
Does that scare you? Does it sound stifling? Remember this—if you don't live for Jesus you will live for something else. (p.179)
He then rattles off a list of the usual suspects, rivals to the primacy of Jesus in our lives like our families, our careers, our political loyalties, our pursuit of happiness, and our hunger for personal significance and self-worth. To care “too much” about any of these things, he tells us, qualifies as idolatry.
Our need for [any of the above] is so powerful that whatever we base our identity and value on we essentially “deify.” We will look to it with all the passion and intensity of worship and devotion, even if we think of ourselves as highly irreligious. (p.169)
Sound familiar? That came up in the other day's post as well. It's the exact same song and dance every time.
The bottom line is that it doesn't matter what you do, you're wrong. Even doing good things is bad, because you're doing them for some motivation other than pleasing Jesus.
Thus we see how they have to rig the game in such a way that no matter how well you think you're doing, you are really failing at life. This is the “good news” that Keller has come to share with you. Perhaps you only think you are happy, or are doing the best you can. Keller is here to tell you that you are not.
The chapters which follow will prescribe a remedy for the diagnosis you have just received. Perhaps you didn't even know you were sick. Well, you are. But fret not, my friend, for Christianity has exactly what you need!
Yet Another Closet Fundamentalist
Before I leave this chapter, I cannot neglect to take a moment to highlight the masked archaisms that undergird everything Keller is pushing on us.
I often speak about the similarities between fundamentalist and evangelical Christianity. I maintain that these are words intended to differentiate between subcultures which in reality believe the same basic things. The differences are stylistic, cosmetic at best. I often quip that an evangelical is basically a fundamentalist with a better haircut.
But listen to what Keller says are among the consequences of our being so very, very sinful:
We are told that as soon as we determined to serve ourselves instead of God…the entire world became broken. Human beings are so integral to the fabric of things that when human beings turned from God the entire warp and woof of the world unraveled. Disease, genetic disorders, famine, natural disasters, aging, and death itself are as much the result of sin as are oppression, war, crime, and violence. (p.177, emphasis mine)
Say what, now? Keller is claiming that droughts and floods, tornados and hurricanes, and even aging and death itself only exist because of human beings.
Think about that for just a minute. Earlier in this book he gave an obligatory nod toward accepting common ancestry, even if he did it in a weirdly noncommittal way. In so doing, Keller was distancing himself from the Young Earth Creationists who believe the Earth is only around 6,000 years old. But now he is turning around and stealing a page from their playbook, arguing that death, disease, and aging all entered the world because of humans, specifically.
Did anyone ever explain to Keller that in the calendar of cosmic history, human beings didn't even enter the story until about 9pm on December 31st? And now he is wanting to pin the very existence of aging and death on us alone?
How exactly do human beings cause tornados? And hurricanes? Evidently Keller buys into the notion that somehow the forces of nature owe their destructive qualities to divine punishment for human transgression. This final point could have been issued by Pat Robertson or Ken Ham, both of whom can be regularly heard making those fantastical claims.
Honestly, my patience with this has already run out. It doesn't really matter that Keller is better at packaging fundamentalism/evangelicalism. He can dress this discussion up and make it look like it belongs in a Manhattan business luncheon. But it really is the same, old stuff, all over again.
*********
As with the rest of this review, I am including links to the videos of Steve Shives, who covered all of these chapters in pairs in his “An Atheist Reads” series. Be sure to check them out. Here he covers Chapters 10 and 11:
[Image Source: Unsplash]
__________
If you'd like to read the rest of my responses to Keller's chapters up until this point, you can find them listed here:
(Other Posts in this Series)
UFC flyweight champion Demetrious Johnson is poised to make history in just a few hours when he meets Wilson Reis in the Octagon to defend his title for the tenth time. If successful, he will have tied the record of arguably the greatest fighter of all time, Anderson Silva. It's an achievement worthy of all the buzz it's receiving, but traditionally, the flyweight division has had great difficulty getting much steam behind it.
In a recent interview with Bloody Elbow's Three Amigos Podcast, Johnson discussed why he feels the division has struggled to gain a solid foothold with fans in terms of viewership, a problem he feels is attributed to the lack of drama among the athletes in the weight class.
Honestly, I just think that there's not a lot of buzz for flyweight because there are not a lot of assholes in our division. -Demetrious Johnson, UFC Flyweight Champion
“You know, I'm not sure. There's not a whole lot of drama in the division because I'm not a controversial person. You know, I go in there and do my job, then I go home and take care of my family.” He continued with an honest assessment of the division that has historically attracted the most fans, light heavyweight. “You look at the light heavyweight division, and it's pretty thin in terms of talent, but it gets one of the biggest buzzes in the UFC because you have Jon Jones with all his legal issues and his beef with Daniel Cormier. Honestly, I just think that there's not a lot of buzz for flyweight because there are not a lot of assholes in our division.”
In his illustrious career, Johnson has only suffered two losses, the first to Brad Pickett (now retired), and the second to former bantamweight kingpin Dominick Cruz. Having cut a swathe of destruction through the division, many fans have been holding out for a rematch with Cruz, a prospect he admits he doesn't put much thought into.
“If it happens… Listen, a lot of the reporters and media think about all that stuff, but me, I think about my fight in front of me, then I have that fight and go home. After that, I start thinking about how I can build my video game career, or about my family. I don't sit there and loll around in bed, rubbing my chest like, ‘Huh, will I ever fight Cruz again?' If it happens, it happens. If it doesn't, it doesn't.”
The man looking to dethrone “Mighty Mouse,” Wilson Reis, was slated to fight for the title last summer, but a leg injury forced the champion to withdraw from the bout. Reis was able to slide right back into the Number 1 contender spot, despite the fact that Joseph Benavidez has toiled away, racking up six wins since his last defeat, a crushing knockout courtesy of Johnson. Benavidez also lost to Johnson via split decision in their first contest.
For Johnson, this comes as no surprise, and feels that Reis was the logical choice to fit the bill for the UFC to promote a “fresh blood” narrative.
“Yeah, I'm not surprised at all. Wilson Reis worked hard for his title shot, and the next thing you know, it got taken away from him because I got injured. He wasn't gonna sit there and pout and whine and say, ‘I'm gonna wait it out.' He actually kept on working hard, won two in a row, and now here we are, about to throw ‘em up.
The whole thing with Joseph being on a 6-fight win streak, I think the UFC was looking at it like if he were to lose again, what do you do—three losses to the champion of the division—do you send him to 135? Do you cut him? What do you do?
At the end of the day, the UFC does what they want, and they wanted fresh blood and a new story, and we got it.”
There was plenty more in this great interview, which can be found HERE, at the 1:17:25 mark of the audio. Demetrious Johnson will face Wilson Reis tonight in the main event of the UFC On Fox 24 card in Kansas City, MO. If he wins, it will mark his tenth, successful title defense, a record currently held by the legendary Anderson Silva.
Remember, if you're looking for us on SoundCloud or iTunes, we're under the MMA Nation name. Follow our Twitter accounts: Stephie Haynes, Three Amigos Podcast, Iain Kidd and Mookie Alexander or our Facebook fan page, Three Amigos Pod.
Photographs recently obtained by NK News showed at least six dress shirts branded with Lands' End labels and “Made in China” tags on a rack displaying previous projects at North Korea's Sonbong Textile Factory, raising the possibility that the Dodgeville, Wisconsin-based catalog retail giant had outsourced part of its production to a country currently under multiple U.S. sanctions.
Lands' End spokesperson Michele Casper, who said the company would be investigating whether the garments seen in the Songbong factory related to an “issue with a supplier” or reflected an “instance of counterfeiting,” now tells NK News that the company is indeed in full compliance with all applicable local laws.
“Lands' End has no arrangements whatsoever for the production of merchandise in North Korea,” Casper said in an email. “Our investigation into this matter to date has found NO evidence that Lands' End or our factories are sourcing merchandise in North Korea. Lands' End complies with applicable laws as to country of origin for its sourcing. It only allows production of its merchandise at approved factories that meet requirements of applicable laws, regulations, and Company policies. We have no information on the legitimacy or origin of the photograph. The shirt may be a counterfeit or a sample of our merchandise being used without authorization.”
READ: American brand clothing seen at North Korean garment factory
Publicly-traded Sears Holdings (NYSE: SHLD), the parent company of Lands' End, describes its Global Compliance Program for merchandise vendors and factories as having been “designed to help ensure that Sears, Sears Canada, Kmart, and Lands' End suppliers operate according to the Program requirements and all applicable local legal laws governing such issues as child labor, wages, benefits, working hours, harassment, health and safety, and factory security.”
Suppliers must “Report the use of subcontractors to Sears Holdings Global Compliance,” states the GCP guidebook. “This includes the use of any facility producing or storing merchandise to be sold by Sears, Sears Canada, Kmart, or Lands' End.”
Of course, the veracity of such reporting–especially within an industry like garment manufacture in third-world countries–does not always meet the levels a firm like Sears/Lands' End would prefer. In November 2012, more than 100 workers were killed in a fire at the Tazreen Fashion Ltd. factory in Dhaka, Bangladesh, where clothes were being made for Sears (as well as Wal-Mart) in a fatally unsafe environment. However, Sears claimed ignorance, insisting in a statement, “Any merchandise found at that factory should NOT have been manufactured there and we are currently investigating further.”
According to the source who took the photos of the Lands' End garments in the Sonbong Textile Factory,”While the labels said ‘Made in China,' it was clear that the contracts were outsourced to North Korea. The factory director was quite proud of the quality of the garments made for export.” Another source who also visited the factory in June said a manager at the plant told him the plant worked “largely on contract from Chinese companies,” taking advantage of “low-cost” North Korean labor.
If, in fact, these garments are legitimately being produced for Lands' End by North Koreans, there may be a perfectly good reason why company officials are not aware of it. A caveat in the corporate compliance guidebook requires notification only when certain specific production processes are jobbed out–which do not appear to include sewing. To wit:
“If the production of a component part is subcontracted, the facility must only be registered if the component has the store name or a brand name embossed, stamped, molded, or embroidered on the component part itself.”
Lands' End did not respond to repeated requests to provide the names of their Chinese suppliers. The outsourcing of any element of clothing production by a U.S. company to North Korea, whether done knowingly or not, would constitute a likely violation of Executive Order 13570, punishable by up to a U.S. $1 million fine or 20 years in prison.
0 Shares
For the community of scientists who study the Earth's climate, these are bewildering times.
They've seen wave upon wave of political attacks. They're getting accustomed to a public that grows more skeptical of their conclusions even as scientists grow more confident in them.
No wonder there's much frustration out there in the climate science world—and now, a group of researchers has organized to do something about it. Their initiative is called the Climate Science Rapid Response Team, and it pledges to organize dozens of researchers to help set the record straight.
But can scientists really maintain a war room? What would that look like? How far can they go in fighting back against misinformation, without leaving themselves politically exposed?
To answer these questions, Point of Inquiry called up two of the initiative's founders: John Abraham and Scott Mandia.
John Abraham is an associate professor of engineering at the University of St. Thomas in St. Paul, Minnesota. He has some 80 published papers, conference papers, and patents to his name.
Scott Mandia is a professor of physical sciences at Suffolk County Community College in Selden, New York. He runs the “Global Warming Fact of the Day” group on Facebook, and is known as @AGW_Prof on Twitter.
Links Mentioned in this Episode
climaterapidresponse.org
American Family Radio's Bryan Fischer invited Fox News commentator Todd Starnes onto his radio program this afternoon to discuss tonight's Republican presidential primary debate, and of course the conversation turned first to Donald Trump.
Reading from a Politico article that reported that Jeb Bush called Trump an “asshole” and a “clown” after Trump retweeted a racist comment about Bush's wife, Fischer asked, “Which Donald Trump are we going to see? Are we going to see Mr. Green Jeans or are we going to see a guy with his hair on fire?”
Starnes replied that this was the wrong question to be asking because Trump's “bombastic” appearance is all a set-up by the liberal media.
“I'm wondering if perhaps the political chattering class is trying to goad Donald Trump into some sort of fight with Jeb Bush during the debate,” he said. “Because Mr. Trump, leading up to tonight's debate, has been talking about how he's going to, he's not going to be a bombastic individual, he's going to have a pleasant conversation.”
“And you know, Bryan, when you really step back and look at Donald Trump and look at him as a businessman, I suspect that we've all bought in to this caricature that the media is creating, the mainstream media is creating, that this is how Donald Trump acts all the time. So I would not be surprised to see him even-keeled and steady-as-she-goes tonight.”
Fischer agreed that “this has the potential to be one of the most boring debates on record.”
JAB Holding Co. agreed to buy Panera Bread Co. for about $7.5 billion, adding a fast-growing U.S. bakery chain to a food empire that spans coffee, bagels and doughnuts.
Panera investors will receive $315 per share in cash, the companies said in a statement Wednesday. That's 20 percent higher than the closing price on March 31, the last trading day before Bloomberg reported Panera was considering a sale after receiving interest.
The agreement includes assumption of $340 million in debt. Panera shares rose as much as 13 percent to $310 in pre-market trading.
Panera adds another U.S. brand to JAB's growing caffeine empire, which includes Stumptown Coffee Roasters, Keurig Green Mountain, Krispy Kreme Doughnuts and Peet's Coffee & Tea. JAB has expanded its coffee business rapidly after an initial 2012 purchase of a stake in Amsterdam-based D.E Master Blenders 1753, the maker of Senseo and Douwe Egberts brands.
Closely held JAB, which is backed by the billionaire Reimann family of Austria and also controls cosmetics maker Coty Inc., is encroaching on the territory of Starbucks Corp., which was the first company to express takeover interest for Panera, two people familiar with the situation have told Bloomberg.
In the U.S., JAB has developed a portfolio of co-branded restaurants called Coffee & Bagels, offering Caribou java and Einstein Bros. bagels. The planned addition of Panera pushes the food conglomerate in a new direction, giving it greater access to the lunch and dinner crowd.
The bakery chain, which operates more than 2,000 cafes across the U.S. and Canada, has grown steadily in recent years from a single store in Boston, becoming one of the largest operators in the fast casual segment. In the fiscal first quarter, comparable net bakery-cafe sales increased 5.3 percent from a year earlier, Panera said in pre-announcing results on Wednesday. Over the past 20 years its shares have multiplied their value by 90.
“We are pleased to join with JAB, a private investor with an equally long-term perspective, as well as a deep commitment to our strategic plan,” Panera founder Ron Shaich said in the statement.
The purchase is expected to close in the third quarter, subject to shareholder and regulatory approvals, the companies said. Shaich and entities affiliated with him have agreed to vote shares representing a 15.5 percent stake in favor, they added.
Panera was advised by Morgan Stanley and law firm Sullivan & Cromwell.
TRENTON — A state Senate panel today approved a bill that would require the state Health Department to issue a new birth certificate for people who have gone through the clinical process of altering their gender.
State law since 1984 has required the state Health Department to issue a new birth certificate to people who have undergone gender reassignment surgery.
Not every transgender person undergoes surgery because of the expense and the health risks involved with a major surgery, said Joseph Vitale, chairman of the Senate Health, Human Services and Senior Citizens Committee, (D-Middlesex), who sponsored the bill.
Some opt for hormone replacement therapy, supporters of the bill said.
This bill would require a new birth record for people who have undergone "clinically appropriate treatment for the purpose of gender transition, based on contemporary medical standards, or that the person has an intersex condition." The person's licensed health care provider would have to sign a form vouching the treatment had taken place, according to the bill.
People who identify themselves as intersex are born with anatomy that is not medically identified as standard male or female, according to the Intersex Society of North America.
Vitale said he sponsored the bill (S2786) on behalf of a constituent because "the world is changing."
"Birth certificates always have been a means of how we traditionally identify a person. In the transgender community, it doesn't reflect who they are mentally spiritually and in every other way but physically," Vitale said. "They don't argue what they were then, but I am not that person now."
Jeanne LoCicero, deputy Legal Director of the ACLU of New Jersey, said a young transgender man inquired about changing his birth certificate.
"I had to advise him he could not, because, although he had undergone clinically appropriate treatment, he had not undergone surgery. As a 20-something looking for a job, he could not afford to do that," LoCicero said.
"He had concerns about being outed for having to present inconsistent documents," said LoCicero, who noted transgender people often face "severe and latent discrimination" and "the risk of violence." He obtained a passport instead because the U.S. State Department does not require transgender people to show proof of the surgery, she said
Sen. Sam Thompson (R-Middlesex) said he would not support the bill, although he stressed he supports transgender people and their right to live how they want.
"My concern is a birth certificate is an historical document," Thompson said. "If you want a document saying you are a lady today, I am 100 percent for it."
The Senate Health, Human Services and Senior Citizens Committee approved the bill by a 6-2 vote with one abstention.
The Assembly passed the bill by a 43-27 vote in June.
RELATED COVERAGE
• As midnight strikes, same-sex couples wed across New Jersey
• Judge dismisses lawsuit against N.J. gay-to-straight conversion therapy ban
More Politics
The exorbitant costs of attending the Democratic Convention in Philadelphia on July 25-28 this year, is threatening to leave some delegates out in the cold.
The DNC strongly requires delegates to stay at an appointed hotel, and costs for a room start at $569 per night, plus tax and fees, with the hotel requiring a five night minimum, putting base costs for attending the convention in the thousands, effectively shutting out anyone below a certain income bracket.
null
There were other surprise costs buried in the literature packets distributed to delegates including a “Breakfast and Bash” ticket for $200, which is not technically required, but it's where the delegate credentials will be handed out. In a further blow to the pocket, all costs must be booked by June 30, a month before the convention, and paid in full by July 17.
“Some are getting nearby cheaper places to stay, which puts them at great risk of not getting past security or receiving their credentials, however they have no other choice as many have just been notified of their delegate status and do not have enough time to fundraise,” Natalie Higley, a California delegate and mother-of-one explained.
Natalie considers herself lucky. As a tier one delegate, she was fairly certain that she was going back in May, so she was able to start her fundraising early. But many delegates aren't so lucky and have only had a very short amount of time to fundraise. There are others who won't even know if they're confirmed to go until after the hotel cut-off date.
Younger and poorer delegates have taken to the internet in an attempt to crowd-source funds for their trip, with mixed success. Donors have expressed concern that they can't always check the credentials of the various delegates who are asking for money, and thus are leaving themselves open to fraud.
null
The jaw-dropping costs have affected both Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton delegates, but it seems to be affecting Bernie Sanders delegates more due to his platform attracting younger people, and people in precarious financial situations due to ill health, career status, or earning below living standard wages.
To mitigate this problem, a Bernie Sanders volunteer organized an Adopt-A-Bernie-Delegate website which enables Bernie Sanders supporters to pool resources and help pay for hotel costs, airfares, and the Breakfast and Bash tickets.
However, according to Natalie Higley, all the Bernie delegates are still strongly committed to attending in one way or another. Enthusiasm promises to fuel the pathways of all delegates this year in what promises to be a hotly contested convention. However, the high cost of entry for a delegate does leave the DNC open to accusations of being elitist.
The exact number of pledged delegates is still up in the air with the vote in California still being counted, and with Bernie Sanders pulling back four percentage points from the initial announced results. Hillary Clinton was announced the winner of California by 13 percentage points, but she now only holds a lead of nine, with the predominantly Bernie Sanders-leaning provisional votes still being counted.
Anger about the early call and the slow vote count from Bernie Sanders supporters is being felt by Alex Padilla, California Secretary of State.
“We've certainly heard from people,” said Alex. “We've received phone calls here and there, but a lot on social media.”
Ben Tulchin, lead pollster for the Sanders campaign, says there's no question Clinton will win the California primary, but he argues strongly that the slow ballot count still hurt Sanders.
“The election night results showed Clinton winning by 12 to 15 percentage points,” he said. “Those numbers became the national narrative,” and affected his momentum, even though the final margin may be less than half that.
It's that loss of momentum which has left Bernie open to calls for him to drop out before the convention, despite him having enough delegates to contest it.
[Image by AP Photo/John Amis]
Bangalore: Jnanpith award winner U R Ananthamurthy, who strode the Kannada literary world like a colossus with his pathbreaking works, died of multiple health complications at a private hospital in Bangalore.
Ananthamurthy, rated as one of the best writers in the country who won acclaims from critics and fans alike, breathed his last this evening, 10 days after he was hospitalised with fever and infection, the doctor attending on him said.
82-year old Ananthamurthy is survived by his wife Esther, a son and a daughter.
"He had a cardiac arrest. We tried to resuscitate but it was not successful. So we with great regret announce that he is no more with us," Manipal Hospital Medical Director & Chairman - Medical Advisory Board H Sudarshan Ballal told reporters.
Ananthamurthy, who had been suffering from kidney related disease for some years and was undergoing dialysis treatment with diabetes and heart problem, turned critical last night, he said.
"His condition got critical since last night and blood pressure also deteriorated. He was also facing breathing problem, so we had kept him under ventilator..," Ballal said.
Ananthamurthy's wife and children were by his side when the end came, hospital sources said.
In his several decades of literary life, he has won the Padma Bhushan in 1998, Jnanpith award in 1994 and the state Rajyothsava award in 1984.
His nomination for the 2013 Man Booker International Prize brought him to the attention of a Western audience. He was also the Vice-Chancellor of Mahatma Gandhi University in Kerala during the late 1980s.
PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
The European Parliament has approved the ratification of the Paris Agreement by the European Union today.
With today's European Parliament approval of the Paris Agreement ratification – in the presence of European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, the United Nation's Secretary General Ban Ki-moon and the President of COP 21 Ségolène Royal – the last hurdle is cleared. The political process for the European Union to ratify the Agreement is concluded.
* President Jean-Claude Juncker in his State of the Union Speech on 14 Septemebr called for a swift ratification of the agreement.
He said: "Slow delivery on promises made is a phenomenon that more and more risks undermining the Union's credibility. Take the Paris agreement. We Europeans are the world leaders on climate action. It was Europe that brokered the first-ever legally binding, global climate deal. It was Europe that built the coa­lition of ambition that made agreement in Paris possible. I call on all Member States and on this Parliament to do your part in the next weeks, not months. We should be faster." Today this is happening.
President Jean-Claude Juncker said: "Today the European Union turned climate ambition into climate action. The Paris Agreement is the first of its kind and it would not have been possible were it not for the European Union. Today we continued to show leadership and prove that, together, the European Union can deliver."
The Vice-President for Enery Union Maroš Šefčovič said: "The European parliament has heard the voice of its people. The European Union is already implementing its own commitments to the Paris Agreement but today's swift ratification triggers its implementation in the rest of the world."
Commissioner for Climate Action and Energy Miguel Arias Cañete said: "Our collective task is to turn our commitments into action on the ground. And here Europe is ahead of the curve. We have the policies and tools to meet our targets, steer the global clean energy transition and modernise our economy. The world is moving and Europe is in a driver's seat, confident and proud of leading the work to tackle climate change".
So far, 62 parties, accounting for almost 52 % of global emissions have ratified the Paris Agreement. The Agreement will enter into force 30 days after at least 55 parties, representing at least 55% of global emissions have ratified. The EU ratification and deposit will cross the 55% emission threshold and therefore trigger the entry into force of the Paris Agreement.
The EU, which played a decisive role inin building the coalition of ambition making the adoption of the Paris Agreement possible last December, is a global leader on climate action. The European Commission has already brought forward the legislative proposals to deliver on the EU's commitment to reduce emissions in the European Union by at least 40% by 2030.
Next steps
With today's approval by the European Parliament, the Council can formally adopt the Decision. In parallel the EU Member States will ratify the Paris Agreement individually, in accordance with their national parliamentary processes.
More information
Conclusions of the Extraordinary Environmental Council from 30 September 2016
Statement by the Commission following the Ministers approval of the ratification
Commission's proposal for the EU ratification of the Paris Agreement from June 2016
Commission's assessment of the implications of the Paris Agreement for the EU from March 2016
Speech by President Juncker at the Leaders Event of the COP21 in Paris
Commission's reaction following the historic climate deal in Paris on 12 December 2015
* new quote added on 04/10/2016 at 12:30CET
Canada's marijuana producers are scrambling to prepare for the legalization of recreational cannabis next summer, lining up financing, expanding their greenhouses and signing deals to supply provincial governments.
But as those provinces prepare their cannabis-selling regimes, a major question is lingering over the nascent industry: Will there be enough pot to go around?
The consensus among producers is that it won't even be close.
I would be shocked if they did not sell out on the first day
“I don't think there's (a licensed producer) today that could even do the initial stocking order for 40 stores,” said Chuck Rifici, chairman and chief executive of Cannabis Wheaton Income Corp., referring to the number of locations Ontario alone hopes to have open by legalization. “Canadians are already consuming a very high amount of pot per capita, and so a good percentage of those are going to walk into the CCBO in Ontario and I think they will clear the shelves.”
While Rifici acknowledges that he is biased because his company — which exchanges financing for a right to buy a quantity of output from a producer — is ultimately “a bet on lack of supply,” he is not alone is his assessment.
Mackie Research Capital, for example, recently pegged total demand for marijuana in 2018 at approximately 795,000 kilograms — but forecast that licensed producers will end 2017 with production capacity of a little over 100,000 kilograms annually. This “will not nearly be enough to fulfill near-term demand,” analyst Greg McLeish wrote in a Sept. 20 report.
The firm doesn't foresee supply meeting demand until late 2020, McLeish said.
Even the finance minister of Ontario wasn't sure of successfully stocking the province's proposed e-commerce channel and approximately 80 retail outlets they expect to have ready in the first year of legalization, which is still slated to begin by July 2018.
“These numbers are contingent on getting enough supply from federal licensed producers,” Charles Sousa said last month, when announcing the program.
The prospect of empty shelves at government pot retailers poses problems not just for officials looking to curb the influence of the black market, but also for regulators tasked with keeping watch over a snowballing sector, producers hurrying to meet demand, and even for medical marijuana users, who could face competition for scarce product.
Some governments have tried to get out in front of the problem. New Brunswick announced in September that it had signed two supply deals with licensed producers, which were worth an estimated $40 million to $60 million apiece annually, and secured about nine million grams of recreational cannabis a year.
More such deals are expected, and as provinces line up to ink supply contracts, producers have found themselves in a race to expand their capacity.
McLeish found that more than $1 billion has been raised by marijuana businesses since the start of 2014, with most of those funds going towards the construction of new facilities or the expansion of existing ones. Funded expansion plans will bring total production capacity up to about 720,000 kilograms, he wrote.
“However, though a number of these developments are well underway or are in the final design phase, it can take two years for new facilities to be fully operational, so the majority of this new capacity will not come online until late 2018 or 2019,” McLeish noted, adding that “growing this amount of cannabis is unprecedented, and we believe that licensed producers will likely experience production challenges when they scale up their facilities.”
Sébastien St-Louis, chief executive of Quebec-based Hydropothecary Corp., said his company has “aggressive expansion plans underway.” The company announced Thursday it had broken ground on a 250,000-square-foot, $25-million greenhouse expansion that will now allow it to churn out 25,000 kilograms of dried cannabis a year.
Such expansions may still not be enough. St. Louis, who also serves as a director of the Cannabis Canada Association, which represents most of the licensed medical producers in the country, said their construction plans aren't likely to meet the initial demand.
“When that group represents about 70 per cent of the production in Canada of medical marijuana, and when you look at those, at all the expansion plans from those members, including Hydropothecary, that represents about 25 per cent of the estimated future demand for marijuana,” St. Louis said, basing his projection on a $20-billion annual market for weed.
St. Louis said that the group would ultimately be able to meet supply, “whether that's 24, 36 months down the line.”
“But I think it'll take some time for the market to pick up as well,” he added.
Some are warning that the race to expand supply could have other consequences.
Jennifer Maccarone, chief quality officer and vice-president of regulatory and governmental affairs for Up Cannabis Inc., a Brantford, Ont.-based licensed producer of medical cannabis, said people in the industry are “making rash decisions and not thinking methodically about how things are being put together.” One example she gave was ensuring a company selects the right water and fertilization systems.
But Maccarone also pointed to recalls earlier this year, after it was discovered that product at certain producers was tainted with a banned pesticide, namely myclobutanil. While Health Canada inspects licensed producers to ensure they are in compliance with the rules, and earlier this year said it would begin conducting random tests of cannabis products, Maccarone suggested that not all officials may be completely prepared to do the job.
“The auditors that we're seeing now are not coming equipped with the right education to properly audit, and therefore it's very easy to dupe them if you're in that realm,” she said. “Which is also allowing for all of these recalls that are happening with companies, because if the auditing process was there, then these myclobutanil recalls would have been captured by the regulator.”
In addition, Maccarone said applicants for licenses are now being allowed to submit a video of their security features, rather than having government inspectors come out to a facility to see for themselves, and that the government is short-staffed and underfunded given the extent of the industry ramp-up and market demand.
A Health Canada spokesperson said in an email that, “To support an application to become a licensed producer and demonstrate that the proposed facility meets the regulatory requirements, an applicant may submit video of their facility, however this is not required under the regulations.”
The spokesperson added that they inspect all facilities before growing begins and before a license to sell cannabis to the public is issued.
“Health Canada will schedule this first inspection after it has determined that an application meets the regulatory requirements and it has issued a license to cultivate, and once the producer is ready to initiate production in its facility,” they said.
As of May 25, Health Canada said it had received 1,665 applications under the current medicinal marijuana program. Of those, 428 were being processed, 265 had been refused, 69 had been withdrawn, and 858 were “incomplete and have been returned.”
Health Canada said in May that it would “streamline” the application process for medical cannabis production licenses, allowing for greater production. As part of that process, the department also said existing licensed producers in good standing and proposing a “straightforward” modification or expansion of a facility could get that project approved without a physical inspection beforehand.
As for medical marijuana users, it is not clear what effect the competition from recreational marijuana will have.
Market data published by Health Canada suggests interest in medical marijuana is exploding ahead of the recreational legalization. As of the end of the first quarter of the 2016-17 fiscal year, there were 75,166 medical clients registered. By the end of June, that number stood at 201,398. The amount of dried marijuana sold to clients in the first quarter of 2016-17 was 4,037 kilograms; by the fourth quarter it was 5,836.
Several media reports have suggested there have already been issues regarding supply in the medical market, albeit with respect to specific strains or products and not overall.
Rifici said that most producers may wish to prioritize medical patients over recreational customers.
“The growth of the medical market is actually a big piece as to how much will be left over for the rec market,” he said.
For its part, Health Canada says medical users should be prioritized.
“The Government expects that licensed producers will prioritize sales to individuals who require cannabis for medical purposes over non-medical sales,” a spokesperson for Health Canada said, noting that some had already publicly committed to doing so.
But a September report from PwC warned the increased focus on recreational pot could draw attention away from the medical regime.
“The tight timeline will require cannabis regulators, retailers and producers to prioritize efforts and may put some key areas of the recreational cannabis policy objectives — such as curbing the black market — in jeopardy,” said the report. “Because decision-makers will have so little time for regulatory development, the focus will be exclusively on recreational cannabis, to the detriment of changes that may be required for medical cannabis.”
Pot activist Jodie Emery suggested one solution would be for the government to ease up on those already doing business.
“There's no way that (the legal industry) can provide the actual recreational demand,” she told the Financial Post in an interview. “But, in fact, that demand's already being supplied by the existing industry, and that's another reason to legalize cannabis, is to stop criminalizing that existing industry.”
Canada wouldn't be the first jurisdiction to be hit with supply problems after legalizing recreational marijuana. Nevada put out a “statement of emergency” shortly after its legal market opened in July, noting that the state's medical marijuana stores had been swamped by customers.
“The initial weekend of legal operation of marijuana establishments resulted in well over 40,000 retail transactions and some establishments report sales of more than double their estimates,“ said the Department of Taxation's notice.
The population of Nevada, though, is just shy of 3 million. Canada's is more than 35 million, making for a much larger marijuana market.
Unless precautions are taken, Rifici predicted the government's recreational supply would not last long.
“I would be shocked if they did not sell out on the first day,” he said.
gzochodne@postmedia.com
Twitter: @geoffzochodne
By John Denton
Feb. 24, 2015
ORLANDO – If anyone in the NBA can relate to the sense of loss that Miami Heat all-star Chris Bosh is going through now that his season is over and his career is in danger, it is Orlando Magic forward Channing Frye.
It wasn't so long ago that Frye missed an entire NBA season because of a scary heart condition and for a time he wasn't sure if he would ever play basketball again.
During a routine physical prior to the 2012-13 season, Frye was found to have irregularities in his heartbeat. Further testing and several nervous days later determined that Frye had a dilated cardiomyopathy, also known as an enlarged heart caused by a virus. Frye, a member of the Phoenix Suns at the time, feared that his basketball career was over at the tender age of 29.
``Anything that has to do with the heart is scary,'' recalled Frye, now 31. ``The first thing I thought about was my own well-being and the second thing was whether I'd ever be able to play basketball again. That part of it was rough.''
Frye's sympathies are going out to Bosh in the wake of the standout forward being ruled out for the rest of the season after developing blood clots on one of his lungs. It's common for the clots to have worked their way from the legs to the lungs, a dangerous occurrence. Blood clots are always a serious condition, but this is a particularly scary moment for Bosh and the NBA after former player Jerome Kersey died last Wednesday from a blood clot in his lung. Kersey, a long-time Portland Trail Blazer, was 52.
Miami, 24-31 and sitting tenuously at No. 7 in the Eastern Conference playoff race, was staggered by the loss of Bosh – an all-star this season who was averaging a team-best 21.1 points and also 7.0 rebounds a game. Bosh is in the first year of a five-year, $118 million free-agent contract that he signed in July.
The Magic, winners of three straight and four of six since interim head coach James Borrego took over on Feb. 5, won't have to face a player in Bosh who has given them fits with his pick-and-pop abilities. In his last trip to Orlando – a 99-92 Heat win on Nov. 22 – Bosh made 13 of 20 shots and four of six 3-pointers for 32 points. Orlando did a much better job getting out to him on Dec. 29 – Bosh scored 20 points and didn't make a 3-pointer – and the Magic won 102-101 in Miami.
Frye, who would have been guarding Bosh on Wednesday, said basketball is the least of the concerns with the Heat star, who is universally liked by coaches and opposing players throughout the NBA. Frye just wants Bosh back in good health.
``Chris is in good hands I figure and I wish him the best,'' Frye said. ``I don't know a lot of information on blood clots or where they come from, but hopefully it's something that can be corrected and he can get back to play. He's a great competitor, a great athlete and he's busted me a couple of times. I think he's one of the best power forwards in the game, and I want him to come back so I can compete against the best.''
FRYE'S HEART SCARE
Frye had no indication that anything was wrong with him in the fall of 2012 when his world was rocked by the news of his enlarged heart. The first diagnosis was that he would never play basketball again. Second and third opinions were that he could use rest and medication to repair his heart and that he would eventually be back to normal.
Out of basketball and forced to wear a mobile heart monitor around the clock, Frye had to limit his activities and exertion levels to next to nil. Even golf was out of the question, and doctors initially frowned on him even watching basketball games from courtside because of the effect it would have on his racing pulse and elevated heart rate.
Instead, Frye poured himself into spending extra time with his children and practicing yoga to ease his mind. The pain of losing basketball hurt him more than his heart condition, and his mission was to get back to basketball when some figured him done as a sharp-shooting ``stretch-four'' forward.
``There were conflicting reports of `yes, you can play again,' and `no, you can't play,''' Frye recalled. ``I just continued to get enough information and eventually I was able to prove the naysayers wrong. And here I am now. For me, it was just about getting all of the right information from all of the right doctors. In Chris' case, I'm sure he's going to the best doctors in America.''
After missing a full year, Frye came back and played all 82 games during the 2013-14 season. Statistically, he was one of the most efficient power forwards in the NBA while helping the Suns to 48 victories. While trying to get back onto the court, Frye's prevailing thought was wanting to play again so that his young daughter – who suffers from vision problems – could see him play basketball. Also, a year out of basketball gave him a new perspective on the game he treasures so greatly.
``Every day I appreciate it just being able to come in here and hoop and be around the guys,'' Frye said. ``And one big motivation for me was that (two years ago) my daughter was going through some stuff with her eyes and I wanted to be able to play long enough so that she could see me play. The last game (in Phoenix) I got her close seats and she saw me on the JumboTron. So that was pretty big for me. That day, for me personally at least, was huge. And I hope Chris Bosh can come back and he gets himself right.''
DOING WHAT'S BEST FOR THE TEAM
Frye, who signed a four-year free-agent contract with the Magic in July, has had a season full of highs and lows in Orlando. But under Borrego – who has encouraged him to shoot more often and to defend harder – the sweet-shooting forward has shown signs of coming around of late. He had 12 first-quarter points and 15 points total in Orlando's 103-98 defeat of Philadelphia on Sunday.
For the season, Frye has averaged 7.6 points and 4.2 rebounds – numbers that Borrego said can be misleading because his true impact on the Magic offense is spreading the floor and creating interior space for Nikola Vucevic and Tobias Harris and wider driving lanes for Victor Oladipo and Elfrid Payton. Frye is shooting 38.9 percent from 3-point range and 283 of 391 (72.3 percent) of his shots have come from beyond the 3-point stripe.
``You don't always see (Frye's true impact) in the stats after the game, but Channing does open up the floor for us. We move him around and try to move that other big man away from the rim to give us more space,'' said Borrego, whose Magic are 4-2 in his six games as coach. ``So you may not always see it in (Frye's) numbers, but when he does get his shots you want him to shoot it with confidence. We want him to shoot more of them and we're encouraging him to do that.''
Frye showed off his selflessness recently when he called Borrego after he was appointed Orlando's head coach following the dismissal of former coach Jacque Vaughn. Frye knows that he has struggled defensively this season, and he told Borrego that if needed to make a change in the starting lineup that he would fully support the switch for the good of the team. Borrego stuck with Frye in the starting lineup and the forward has responded with four steals and three blocked shots in the past five games.
```He's one of the first players to say, `What do you need from me?' That meant a lot to me and our group,'' Borrego said. ``He's a pro and he understands the business. He understands the group and he's not a selfish kid. He wants what's best for this group. He's willing to come off the bench, start, play (power forward), play (center) or guard (power forwards) or guard (centers). He says, `Whatever you need coach, I've got you.' And that meant a lot to us.''
Added Frye: ``As a professional and as a person, I owe that to J.B. to give him a 110 percent and I owe him a serious amount of respect for coming into a tough situation. I've tried to let him know, `Hey man, whatever you want to do and whatever is best for us to win …' I've never complained about coming off the bench, not playing or not playing a lot. Whatever he wants to do, do it. I'm here for (Borrego). We're building a trust. It's only been six games, but so far he's shown me a lot about himself and I hope that he can continue to grow with us.''
Note: The contents of this page have not been reviewed or endorsed by the Orlando Magic. All opinions expressed by John Denton are solely his own and do not reflect the opinions of the Orlando Magic or their Basketball Operations staff, partners or sponsors.
Digital Album Streaming + Download Includes high-quality download in MP3, FLAC and more. Paying supporters also get unlimited streaming via the free Bandcamp app. Purchasable with gift card Buy Digital Album name your price You own this Sends as Gift
Share / Embed
about
Performed live and showcased at the legendary Sedna Sessions New Year Show hosted by the Shepherd of Robots, Protector of The Digital Realm, the one and only UP DIGITAL (aka. Barry Forbes).
Hugs and respect to the entire Sedna crowd who have turned up and supplied an insane amount of support and hearts.
This album is a gift to you, but I would really appreciate if you could spread the word by sharing it via your favourite social network.
credits
released January 1, 2015
Weldroid, Illl, Xenoton
license
Johannesburg - Sudanese officials failed to present President Omar al-Bashir's passport to the immigration officer at Waterkloof Air Force base, meaning al-Bashir's departure from South Africa broke protocol.
According to government's explanatory affidavit submitted to the High Court in Pretoria on Thursday, Home Affairs department director general Mkuseli Apleni said the immigration officer on duty checked all the passports presented by a Sudanese delegation preparing to leave the country last Monday.
"After the receipt of the passports, the immigration officer first of all checked to determine whether any of the passports belonged to President Bashir. The immigration officer concluded that the passport of President Bashir was not amongst the passports provided," Apleni said.
"Thereafter the immigration officer further checked all the passports and noted that all the passports were endorsed for departure on June 15 2015 [last week Monday]."
Thereafter, the Sudanese plane with flight number SUDAN01 left the base.
"It would therefore appear from the above that President Bashir departed from the Republic without his passport being presented to the immigration officer by the two Sudanese representatives who was accompanied by the protocal officer of Dirco [Department of International Relations and Cooperation]," Apleni said.
"The latter contention is fortified by the fact that verification on the passport details of President Bashir against the Movement Control System of the Department of Home Affairs reveals President Bashir indeed entered the Republic of South Africa but that there is no record of him leaving the Republic."
No passenger list for VIP planes
In the affidavit, Apleni said SUDAN01 was at the base on June 15 for "security and reasons and refuelling".
The Sudanese delegation contacted the Dirco protocol officer indicating there was a need to move from Sandton in Johannesburg, where the AU conference that al-Bashir had attended was held, to the base. The protocol officer then contacted SAPS protection services, who made the necessary arrangements to accompany the delegation to the base.
Standard operating procedures dictated that flights are declared either a normal or VIP flight.
"As to what procedure is followed in declaring a flight as either normal or VIP, immigration officers do not play a role. This is the function of the Department of Defence."
If a flight is declared VIP, the passports of passengers on board - excluding the crew - are presented to the immigration officer by representatives of the foreign state of the VIP flight, accompanied by the Dirco protocol officer.
"Neither the immigration officer nor the Dirco protocol officer are provided with a passenger list," Apleni said.
"It is pertinent to note that passengers on a VIP flight do not personally appear before the immigration officer on duty. The immigration officer checks the passports for applicable endorsements, visas etc, where after the passports are scanned and stamped without any further delay."
NDPP should investigate
On Wednesday, the court suggested the National Director of Public Prosecutions (NDPP) investigate how South Africa violated a court order to prevent al-Bashir from leaving the country, allowing him to evade arrest for alleged crimes against humanity.
Judge President Dunstan Mlambo said ignoring the principles of the rule of law would lead to democracy crumbling "stone by stone".
"A democratic state based on the rule of law cannot exist or function if the government ignores its constitutional obligations."
He was giving the reasons for the court's finding on June 15 that al-Bashir should be detained and handed over to the International Criminal Court (ICC). The Southern African Litigation Centre had approached the court on June 14 to order al-Bashir's arrest.
At the time, Judge Hans Fabricius ordered that al-Bashir not be allowed to leave the country prior to the matter being argued in court the following day.
Mlambo, flanked by Fabricius and Deputy Judge President Aubrey Ledwaba, said South Africa is one of the 31 African states to have ratified the Rome Statute, which gave rise to the ICC.
The ICC had issued warrants of arrest for al-Bashir - one in 2009 and another in 2010 - for alleged war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide in Sudan's Darfur region.
He said that in spite of repeated assurances that al-Bashir was still in South Africa during the hearing last Monday, the Sudanese president arrived home on June 15 at a time that indicated he would have taken off from South Africa at around noon, while proceedings were still under way.
He questioned why the South African government's counsel said it needed more time to prepare answering papers when the papers they received were not voluminous; how it was possible that al-Bashir could move to Waterkloof Air Force Base unnoticed; and for his plane to take off while the order by Fabricius the previous day was in place.
Quote
Totaku: Alright, I guess before I begin, I was kind of curious if you wouldn't mind me sharing my story with the community since they may find this interesting.
Konstantin: Sure thing, though I'd like to reiterate that I was pretty intoxicated throughout the encounter, and got progressively more so as it went along.
Moreover, my Japanese is not exactly fluent, so What I think was said and what was actually said may not be the exact same thing.
Totaku: Something tells me I figured you must of gotten pretty drunk while hanging with ZUN.
Konstantin: Well, we did meet at a bar
Totaku: Anyways, I guess Ill began by asking about how you two ended up meeting.
Because I kind of wondered how you managed to spot him while at a bar. I'm surprised he wasn't busy with a meeting or at an interview at the time since I hear sometimes when he goes to bars is while discussing matters with fellow staff members.
Konstantin: Met up with wah earlier that night, and mentioned that I've been a fan of his blog and comic and have been meaning to buy him a beer. He suggested a couple of bars in Akihabara (since that's where we were), one of them being The Button.
Since the idea of a gamer bar was extremely appealing to me and extremely Akiba, we settled on that. So we're sitting at the end of the bar, drinking, occasionally chatting with the bartender, who's a big-time gamer, naturally, when I notice that among various game paraphernalia strewn around the bar, there are quite a bit of Touhou stuff.
I congratulate the bartender on his taste in decor, and mention that I'm a huge Touhou fanboy.
At that point, wah mentions that ZUN actually drinks there occasionally, and that he met him there earlier on. At this point I'm pretty fuzzy whether it was wah or the bartender, but one of them looked at the table in the corner, right next to the end of the bar where we were sitting, and mentions that that's ZUN sitting right there.
I look over and it, in fact, was him! Minus the hat, but definitely looking like ZUN and wearing a ZUN shirt
Totaku: I bet you were quite excited!
Konstantin: After the initial holy crap wears off, I check with wah whether it would be appropriate to buy ZUN a beer, and, getting a positive answer, proceed to do so. I keep on drinking and chatting with wah, trying not to stare too hard, and eventually the beer makes it to the table, the bartender talks a bit to ZUN, and he turns around and takes notice of us. This develops into about an hour-long on-again off-again conversation between me, ZUN, wah, the bartender, and the guys at ZUN's table.
Totaku: Makes me kind of curious, what did you talk to ZUN about?
Konstantin: Various stuff.
Totaku: Anything fascinating in particular.
Konstantin: First off, the obligatory I'M A HUGE FAN OF YOUR GAMES fanboy drooling. Followed up with thanking him for his general contribution to doujin culture, which led to a discussion of the difference between doujin and indies, Touhou fandom in the West, the scope of the fandom, and what different people find attractive in Touhou.
Also random asides about cultural and linguistic comparisons between Japanese, American, and Russian stuff.
At one point he mentioned being interested in what a Western con was like.
Totaku: Oh, thats actually very fascinating! Because someone from the Maiden of the Kaleidoscope crew was interested in wanting to someday see if they could get him to come here to the US to attend a con.
Konstantin: And I _think_ suggested that he'd be interested in visiting AWA at some point (at which point I plugged Sakura-con, and Seattle in general, as a hub of US Touhou fandom)
I also mentioned that I've purchased all of his games, often paiying $30-40 for the privilege. To which he remarked that they should have been in the $10-15 range.
Totaku: Yup, import costs are really expensive.
Konstantin: So I think if the case could be made to him that people abroad want his games and are getting ripped off due to lack of a legitimate licensor, he could be persuaded to consider some sort of Western release. Though he made no indications that he was actually considering such a move, or was, in fact, open to such.
Totaku: Figured as such.
Konstantin: It did come up that there are fan translations out there, and that the fans are sufficiently able to understand most of the cultural references.
Pretty much I did my best to try to express my thanks for the whole massive thing he spawned, to convey the fact that there's a large Western fandom following the whole phenomenon, and to lobby for catering to that fandom.
Totaku: But anyways, I guess ZUN was quite impressed to know that western fandom is out there.
Course when I think about it, he's been exposed to Walfas, and some westerners have come out there, to try to meet him, but approaching him directly has been pretty hard to do. You're probably one of the few from the West that actually had a chat with the man himself.
Are there any other interesting points or view ZUN brought up based on your chat with him?
Konstantin: Aside from that, there was also some discussion of his trip to Europe and beer in general.
Totaku: This brings up a very fun question one fan mentioned he was curious about. Any mention about his favorite brand of beer?
Konstantin: He seems to consider Kirin lager to be one of the smoother beers, and thus tends to prefer it, though he doesn't really have a favorite beer.
Totaku: Mmm is that so? Oh and since you brought up about the US, have you mentioned about the micro breweries we have here?
Konstantin: Not really, though I did mention that I've been to a Belgian pub with over 400 local beers at one point. Not sure if I told it to ZUN in Japanese or wah in English, though. I was pretty tankered at that point.
Totaku: Hahahaha I imagine so, I wonder how well ZUN handles his beverages? Anyways, Did he also mention anything about Whiskey in his discussion? Another fan brought this up since he said he noticed ZUN had a thing for Whisky based on a twitter pic he found.
Konstantin: Not really, or at least not that I can remember. Wouldn't be surprised, but I never asked. Plus I know nothing about whiskey anyway
Totaku: Did you two talk about any kind of comparisons on your and his views on Touhou fans and their interest?
Konstantin: Did explain to him the concept of secondary fan, to which he supplied an equivalent Japanese term, which I can't for the life of me remember
Totaku: Did mention anything about his married life in particular or is he still his same old productive self?
Konstantin: He seems to be working. He did mention he was going to an upcoming music-oriented con. I think M3
Totaku: Ah I see. I also heard he's going to the beer festival that's taking place later this year as well. Or at least he supplied his new art piece of Beer-ko for the event.
Konstantin: Anyway, I should really be trying to get some sleep, jet lag not with standing.
Totaku: Ah ok well, I think you answered enough questions for now. If I may ask, may I use your photo you have taken as well?
Konstantin: Sure! I specifically asked him if it was OK for me to publish the photo on the Internet.
Totaku: Anyways, thanks a lot for the time!
Konstantin: And I guess I should really de-lurk and join the english-language fandom at some point
Totaku: Ill post you the link when I get it fixed up.
Konstantin: In my defense, I didn't even know ZUN was a customer at that bar when I picked it. Anyways, have a good night!
Totaku: Yes sir, good night to you too!
Not too long ago, a good friend of mine recently went to Japan to take a vacation and decided to go site seeing. But on one faithful night while traveling through Akihabara with another web comic artist, wah__ of Mistake of Youth fame.The two decided they would go to a gaming bar where they would end up meeting face to face with the creator of Touhou himself ZUN (seen in the right in the picture below)!Meet Konstantin Koptev (left), a good old friend of mine that Ive known since the days of the Tsunami Channel. To explain, Konstantin was a Russian who moved to the US and attended CMU in Pittsburg where he met a Japanese man named Akira Hasegawa who the two would work together on ideas for comics until Akira later created the Tsunami Channel I would eventually come across this web comic series and then meet the two of them online and eventually became good friends and kept contact with them ever since. (I even have my own blog spot on there if you look back a few pages in the Tsunami Channel, the same for Konstantin).Sometime after the Tsunami Channel came to a halt because of Akira's life changing when he returned to Japan, I began to take my interest in Touhou and later found out Konstantin was into it as well. Thus, the two of us would become involved in Touhou.Eventually Konstantin moved to the West Coast where he would make a living and on occasions take trips to Japan. And as mentioned earlier, on the day of October 25th, 2012, he managed to do something I didnt think most of us would do.Sit down, and actually talk face to face with ZUN (as seen right of picture) .I have asked for permission from Konstantin to share his story and picture to the community and was told that he even asked ZUN if it was ok for him to do the same, so in the end I have been given permission to provide you this interview.As of October 31, 2012, at around 1 AM Central time, I was able to meet up with Konstantin and have a talk with him about his adventure in Japan and discuss with him about the event of him meeting up with ZUN.As of this point of the discussion, I will proceed to our interview where I talked to him about that nightThat concludes the discussion I had with him that night about the event.Im going to see if I can get him to talk some more about the event in the course of the next few days. But as for now I thought it is best to share with you what I did get to learn about his time ZUN since he allowed me to share it with you all.We both had hoped to one day meet ZUN in our lives, but we had no clue that one of us would meet him up and talk with him!The interview was done via instant message and I do have the discussion saved if needed. Konstantin also has a twitter if you want to see more facts regarding this.Anyways, hope you enjoy this interview. I hope he can provide me more for you all to listen to since he doesn't mind sharing his story to you all.
What Mom isn't on the lookout for fun and easy crafts for kids that can be done by the kiddies on their own? To me, easy kids crafts means no instructions, and no slaving away with glue, glitter and other other complex elements! If you're not the crafty type, like me, read on …
Pin for later!
This past Monday we were still on “Spring Break” (love that term, what artful person coined that?) and thankfully, the kids figured out one of their best crafts yet — I had almost nothing to do with it. With colored paper, tape, glue and scissors on the kitchen table, my little crafters went to town creating paper wallets and money. Now, if you are seriously anti-materialist, you might have an issue with this activity because the reason the kids got SO into it is that they loved the notion that they could create infinite amounts of money for themselves. But it's just play, right?
How to Make a Paper Wallet
Crafting your own paper wallet is not tricky. Just take colored paper, cut to you preferred size, fold it over and use generous amounts of tape. All the scrap paper becomes coins and bills which you can see in the background here. Who said money and wallets can't be pink?
One nice thing about paper wallets is that you can write your name on them — why didn't we adults think of that?
And it's fun to see just how much money you can stuff inside — paper is a lot more flexible and welcoming than leather!
Beckett opted for the sunny yellow look, his color du jour.
He made his wallet nice and wide — all the more room inside.
And it got nice and full in no time. “Mommy, look how much money I have!,” he exclaimed!
And that my friends is enough to put a smile on any child's face — and here's the best part, Mommy got about two hours off! The only work I did was to pop in and help Annaliese write her name and and take these photos.
Who knew making money nor making a paper wallet could be this easy. A happy morning for all of us!
What easy crafts for kids at home do you like to do? Please comment below and share as I love new ideas!
You might also like:
Calligraphy means “beautiful writing.” Calligraphy can be both a delight to the eye and an inspiration to the spirit. Now the appreciation for the art of calligraphy has grown incredibly. Calligraphy fonts are used in creative art to express the elegance, beauty and grace.
I have collected 45 elegant calligraphy fonts which are free to download. Click on the images to download the respective calligraphy fonts.
Installing Fonts to Windows and Photoshop
In order to install the download fonts to your windows , follow the easy steps given below :
Click Start and then select ” control panel “
In control panel , search for Fonts folder
Open the fonts folder and paste the download fonts in the folder
Note : Remember to unzip the zip files before pasting them to fonts folder.
that's it Now you can see your new fonts available in all text editors like MS Word and also in Photoshop.
Renaissance calligraphy font
Radagund calligraphy font
Mutlu Ornamental calligraphy font
Aquiline two calligraphy fonts
BreastBomb Calligraphy font
Champignon Regular Calligraphy Font
Marriage Script Calligraphy Font
Deftone Stylus calligraphy Fonts
English Calligraphy Font
Franciscolucas Briosa
Lauren Script Calligraphy Font
Old Script Calligraphy Fonts
Promocyja script calligraphy font
KellyBrown calligraphy Font
Orphiel Demo Calligraphy Font
Adinekirnberg script
ALS script – calligraphy Font
A Charming Font Expanded
A charming Font Extended Italics
A Charming Font Left leaning
Super Expanded calligraphy Font
Allergo Calligraphy font
Balzac Callygraphic Font
Beautiful ES calligraphy font
Pavane script calligraphy font
Chancery Cursive
Chopin Script
Renaiss italic calligraphy font
Cygnet Round
Dopkin Plain calligraphy font
Edwardian Script calligraphic font
Scrypticaly Italic Calligraphic font
FLW script calligraphy font
Free Booter Script Calligraphy font
Gabrielle calligraphy fonts
GESSELE
Adorable calligraphy fonts
OHIO SCRIPT
Quigley wiggly
Saffron Too
Splendid ES calligraphic font
Selfish calligraphic fonts
shardee calligraphy fonts
ibleum calligrpahy font
Wrexham Script calligraphic font
Zothique Demo
These are some of the calligraphy fonts which i like and use in my design works. If you have any other suggestions let me know. I will include them with a link to your site
In this post, I am going to explain you an overall overview of Startup India Action Plan,2016 so that you can easily understand the process to add your prestigious Pvt. Ltd. Company, L.L.P or Partnership firm into The most recognized plan of Government of India which is “Startup India Action Program 2016”.To understand the content of this post, First, you need to know:
What is Startup India Action Program:
“Startup India Action Program, 2016″ is a Government Initiative drive/policy for inventors, students, research enthusiastic personalities, Young Entrepreneurs and for those who want to create something unique and creative for people of India.”Startups“ have an innovative solution to complex problems. As per Tracxn, 3500 startups was founded in 2015 in India. Some of the famous Startup in India are Paytm, Flipkart, Ola, Delhivery, Swiggy etc.
Some of the Benefits given to “Startups” in India:
1.) Tax Exemption for 3 years.
3 Years Income Tax Exemption will be given to Startups. To catch this opportunity, Startups have to take the certificate from Inter-Ministerial Board. It is subject to Non-Distribution of Dividend of Startup.
2.) Startup will get 80% rebate on Patent Fee.
It is a very good news for all inventors, research enthusiastic and Entrepreneurs who have something unique in their mind. If you want to create something which is novel, non-obviousness and has Industrial Application and Enabling then go ahead and grab this opportunity. This will definitely fast track the Patent Filing Process in India. In this scheme, A list of Facilitators is provided by Government, the cost would be borne by central govt.
3.) Very Easy Exit Procedure for Startups.
It is also a very good step taken by the Government of India to support Young Entrepreneurs, Researchers and inventors to give them a burden proof platform in which they can show their creativity and provide an easy solution to a big problem of the world. If somehow, Startup unable to generate revenue and attract an audience or if Startup Owner wants to wind the business, then they can easily do it. They can easily wind up the business in 90 days from the application made for winding up business.
4.) Entrepreneurs Relationship Building
A Business is a Network of Networks. If you want to expand your business then you have to build a positive relationship with other business. Govt. is also providing this kind of facility and creating a platform for startups to meet nationally or internationally by holding two startups fest annually.
5.) No Inspection
No inspection will be conducted for 3 years in case of “Labour Laws”.In case of Environment Laws, Startup falling in the list of the white category are allowed to self-certify compliances.
6.) Research and Development
Government plans to set up 7 new research and development research parks for “Startups” in India.
7.) Pick up Investors on your own
The government has given a power to “Startups” which means Startups can choose among their VC
Eligibility to Register in Startup India Action Plan→
You must follow 1 to 5 points and any of 6 to 10 points→
Before registering in startup India action plan,
1.) You must be
a.) Pvt. Ltd.
or
b.) Partnership firm.
or
c.) L.L.P
2.) Turnover does not exceed INR 25 Cr in any of the financial years.
3.) It must not be older than 5 years.
4.) It must create an innovative product for commercial use.
5.) It must get certification of innovative product from Dept of Industrial Policy & Promotion
Any of 6 to 10 points→
6.) Either get validated by incubator in Post Graduate Indian College or get a recommendation letter from same.
7.) Either get validated by incubator which is funded by Government of India or get a recommendation letter from same.
8.) Either get validated by incubator which is recognized by Govt of India or gets a recommendation letter from same.
9.) Get funded by:
a.) Angel Network.
or
b.) Angel Fund.
or
c.) PE Fund.
or
d.)Incubation Fund.
or
e.) Accelerator
10.) A “Patent” granted by Controller General of Patents, Designs and Trademarks as per your Business Model.
Still on vacation, but I have internet access for a bit, and have checked in on a few matters. The big story of the week among the dismal science set is the Romney campaign's white paper on economic policy, which represents a concerted effort by three economists — Glenn Hubbard, Greg Mankiw, and John Taylor — to destroy their own reputations. (Yes, there was a fourth author, Kevin Hassett. But the co-author of “Dow 36,000″ doesn't exactly have a reputation to destroy).
And when I talk about destroying reputations, I don't just mean saying things I disagree with. I mean flat-out, undeniable professional malpractice. It's one thing to make shaky or even demonstrably wrong arguments. It's something else to cite the work of other economists, claiming that it supports your position, when it does no such thing — and don't take my word for it, listen to the protests of the cited economists.
And by the way, this isn't obscure stuff. To take one example: the work of Mian and Sufi on household debt and the slump has been playing a big role in making the case for a demand-driven depression, which is exactly the kind of situation in which stimulus makes sense — so you have to be completely out of it and/or unscrupulous to cite some of their work and claim that it refutes the case for stimulus. Or to take another example, which Brad DeLong picks up, anyone following the debate knows that the Baker et al paper claiming to show that uncertainty is holding back recovery clearly identifies the relevant uncertainty as arising from things like the GOP's brinksmanship over the debt ceiling — not things like Obamacare.
Can Hubbard, Mankiw, and Taylor really be that out of it? I don't think so. They just believe that they can pull one over on the rubes, and pay no professional price. Let's hope they're wrong.
Simon Wren-Lewis wonders what could have possessed Mankiw and Taylor to sell their souls this way. I won't pretend to have a full answer. But surely part of it is simply that they have been caught up in the vortex of the broader Romney campaign — a campaign that has made fraudulence part of its standard operating procedure. Remember, Romney spent months castigating President Obama because he “apologizes for America” — something Obama has never, in fact, actually done. Then he spent weeks declaring that Obama has denigrated small business by claiming that businessmen didn't actually build their own firms — all based on a remark that was clearly about infrastructure.
Meanwhile, Romney's tax plan is now a demonstrated fraud — big tax cuts for the rich that he claims would be offset by closing loopholes, but the Tax Policy Center has demonstrated that the arithmetic can't possibly work. He turns out to have been dishonest about when he really left Bain. And on and on.
So this is a campaign that's all about faking it — fake claims about Obama, fake claims about policy, fake claims about Romney's personal history.
Is it really surprising, then, that the economists who have decided to lend their names to the campaign have been caught up in this culture of fraud? Maybe some of them were initially reluctant, or thought they could support the campaign with selective renderings of the truth. But the pressure was on to be team players, to give the campaign material it could use — and so, one day, they all ended up putting their names to a report that is just plain dishonest, in ways that can be and have been easily documented.
This would be a terrible thing even if it were in a defensible cause. It's even worse when the goal is to elect a man who seems to have no core, no purpose save personal ambition.
A UNIVERSITY student who killed her boyfriend with a lethal dose of heroin is writing a PhD thesis on women who commit crimes.
Law graduate Anu Singh, 38, was convicted of manslaughter over the death of her boyfriend, Joe Cinque, in 1997.
After a dinner party at their Canberra flat, she sedated him with Rohypnol, injected him with heroin and watched as he vomited blood and died in their bed. She served four years for Mr Cinque's manslaughter.
Her research project at the University of Sydney, Offending Women - Toward A Greater Understanding Of Female Criminality, is listed on the university's website under current research projects.
Ms Singh's project is being supervised by two leading legal minds, Professor Julie Stubbs from the University of NSW and Associate Professor Gail Mason from the University of Sydney.
Neither Ms Stubbs nor Ms Mason would comment on the content of Ms Singh's project.
It is believed Ms Singh will examine her own involvement in the death of Mr Cinque in the 100,000-word thesis.
Ms Singh has previously told the media that drugging Mr Cinque then injecting him with heroin was "like doing a university assignment".
But Mr Cinque's parents, Italian immigrants Nino and Maria Cinque, said Ms Singh's research project was a desperate attempt to grab media attention.
"This is another way to put herself in the paper," Mrs Cinque said. "It's another way to make herself noticed.
"She says she wants to help people, but that is rubbish.
"She should get a job and start repaying society for all the money they spent on her."
Mrs Cinque said she would never forgive Ms Singh.
"It's been 13 years but, for me, it feels like it (her son's death) happened yesterday," she said. "Now it's Christmas and I have no son and no grandchildren.
"By this time, he would have got married to a nice girl and had a family.
"She took everything away for no reason."
Days before Mr Cinque died, Ms Singh told friends she was going to kill him and she held two send-off dinner parties.
He died on the morning after the second dinner party. She pleaded not guilty to murder.
The Sunday Telegraph repeatedly tried to contact Ms Singh to discuss her research, but she did not return calls.
Ms Singh now lives in Sydney with her parents.
I would like to name my reddit gifter but I'm not entirely sure if the name on the package is his/her reddit name or real name. I would like to say however that my Redditor was one of the nicest people I have ever met online. He/she shared a story with me about a giftee/gifter who they had heard had problems with a previous tea exchange. My gifter was nice enough to message me and make sure sending me certain things in certain ways would be okay. I officially love my gifter for being so thoughtful as to worry about something that most people don't think twice about. On to the gifts! When I was writing up my "What I like" paragraph I really only had one stipulation. Recently I was told no more caffeine, which killed me inside. I wrote that I didn't have much experience with caffeine free but I love tea and any tea that wouldn't diminish the strength or flavor of the tea I love and still not risk the wrath of my doctor would be greatly appreciated. My Gifter nailed it on the spot! Proceeding with pictures.
My apologies if the pictures are a bit blurry, I was doing a happy dance while taking them and I just couldn't stand still. Thank you again so much Gifter! You are definitely going down on my list of awesome people.
Download raw source
Delivered-To: john.podesta@gmail.com Received: by 10.142.204.12 with SMTP id b12cs95850wfg; Fri, 5 Dec 2008 00:41:44 -0800 (PST) Received: by 10.142.163.13 with SMTP id l13mr6299747wfe.244.1228466504747; Fri, 05 Dec 2008 00:41:44 -0800 (PST) Return-Path: <swartell@americanprogress.org> Received: from tabella.americanprogress.org (tabella.americanprogress.org [65.199.13.16]) by mx.google.com with ESMTP id 32si1142345wfc.59.2008.12.05.00.41.44; Fri, 05 Dec 2008 00:41:44 -0800 (PST) Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of swartell@americanprogress.org designates 65.199.13.16 as permitted sender) client-ip=65.199.13.16; Authentication-Results: mx.google.com; spf=pass (google.com: domain of swartell@americanprogress.org designates 65.199.13.16 as permitted sender) smtp.mail=swartell@americanprogress.org X-ASG-Debug-ID: 1228466503-13a600bd0000-MKFCFn X-Barracuda-URL: http://tabella.americanprogress.org:8000/cgi-bin/mark.cgi Received: from mail.americanprogress.org (localhost [127.0.0.1]) by tabella.americanprogress.org (Spam Firewall) with ESMTP id 49B793110C1 for <john.podesta@gmail.com>; Fri, 5 Dec 2008 03:41:43 -0500 (EST) Received: from mail.americanprogress.org ([172.16.10.19]) by tabella.americanprogress.org with ESMTP id JzHwjGWEAzBCAz8e (version=TLSv1 cipher=RC4-MD5 bits=128 verify=NO) for <john.podesta@gmail.com>; Fri, 05 Dec 2008 03:41:43 -0500 (EST) X-ASG-Whitelist: Client Received: from CAPMAILBOX.americanprogresscenter.org ([172.16.10.17]) by mailfe1.americanprogresscenter.org ([172.16.10.19]) with mapi; Fri, 5 Dec 2008 03:41:42 -0500 From: Sarah Wartell <swartell@americanprogress.org> To: John Podesta <jpodesta@americanprogress.org>, "'john.podesta@gmail.com'" <john.podesta@gmail.com> Date: Fri, 5 Dec 2008 03:41:42 -0500 X-ASG-Orig-Subj: RE: Fhfa Subject: RE: Fhfa Thread-Topic: Fhfa Thread-Index: AclPyEE3q+0/KXfBQ3ic5PX35YaXigG6W7pQ Message-ID: <96AB68D2CFDF484BA95B23C51E9C8B053F5377CE17@CAPMAILBOX.americanprogresscenter.org> References: <96AB68D2CFDF484BA95B23C51E9C8B053F4F93FD53@CAPMAILBOX.americanprogresscenter.org> In-Reply-To: <96AB68D2CFDF484BA95B23C51E9C8B053F4F93FD53@CAPMAILBOX.americanprogresscenter.org> Accept-Language: en-US Content-Language: en-US X-MS-Has-Attach: X-MS-TNEF-Correlator: acceptlanguage: en-US Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii" Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable MIME-Version: 1.0 X-Barracuda-Connect: UNKNOWN[172.16.10.19] X-Barracuda-Start-Time: 1228466503 X-Barracuda-Encrypted: RC4-MD5 X-Barracuda-Virus-Scanned: by Barracuda Spam Firewall at americanprogress.org Sorry if this is very late: A few thoughts. Went through a whole bunch of = other housing finance agency names but for FHFA jobs these were only ones t= hat made the cut. =20 YOUNGER: Shaun Donovan if he didn't end up near top at HUD; I am increasin= gly high on the idea but I see pressure for diversity. I actually think h= e would be good for NEC too -- maybe he won't want a staff job. But larry = needs a sharp person he would take seriously from housing finance world as = the entire nationalized housing market is rebuilt. If you could influence larr= y, I could argue at least as important as what could do at HUD. MINORITY: (1) Brian Hudson, CEO of the Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency= . AA. I don't know him personally but he is very respected in the State Ho= using Finance Agency world. Been there since 1975. On Board of PA Home Loa= n Bank (overseen by FHFA -- don't think should be conflict). (2) Phyliss Caldwell. AA. Also don't know her but by reputation. People = all talk well of her but I am a bit leary she'd be treated as seriously by = the treasury crowd. Was head of community development banking for Bank of = America. Recently named ED of Washington Area Women's Foundation. =20 (3) Shekar Narasimham. He is by business experience a MF and commcerical f= inance guy. But VERY smart. Knows the system and structure. Creative thi= nker. (See bio below.) =20 OLDER, NONDIVERSE, AND CLINTON: Ludwig. =20 OLDER, NONDIVERSE, NONCLINTON: Chuck Muckenfuss. Gibson Dunn banking lawy= er; former OCC, FDIC senior staff from Carter era. =20 Shekar Narasimham was Managing Director for Agency and Funds Management at = Prudential Mortgage Capital Company. Prior to that, he was Chairman & CEO o= f The WMF Group, Ltd., a publicly traded commercial mortgage financial serv= ices company which was acquired by Prudential in 2000. Mr. Narasimhan built= WMF to a position recognized as a leader in providing multifamily and comm= ercial real estate financing in the United States.=20 Mr. Narasimhan has served on the Boards of the Mortgage Bankers Association= of America (MBA), National Multi Housing Council (NMHC), Harvard Joint Cen= ter for Housing Studies and Cooperative Development Foundation. He has chai= red and moderated numerous forums on multifamily and affordable housing, co= mmercial securitization and technology for the MBA, NMHC, NHC, Fannie Mae a= nd the Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation. Mr. Narasimhan has a Bachelor= 's degree in Chemical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, = New Delhi, India and a Master's degree in Business Administration from the = Katz Graduate School of Business at the University of Pittsburgh. Sarah Rosen Wartell Executive Vice President=20 swartell@americanprogress.org -----Original Message----- From: John Podesta=20 Sent: Wednesday, November 26, 2008 8:10 AM To: Sarah Wartell Subject: Fhfa Any out of the box picks for that job? Women? Minorities? Younger? Non-Cli= nton?=
This article was originally published on Jewish Insider.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump on Sunday said he'd love to broker a peace settlement between the Israelis and the Palestinians, citing Israeli support for a two-state solution.
During a campaign rally in Terre Haute, Indiana, Trump said seeing Israel and the Palestinians sign on a peace deal would be a “beauty” in spite of the situation on the ground.
“I am going to try and make that deal just because – man, would that be a beauty – if you like deals. I like deals,” said Trump. “A lot of my Jewish friends say, ‘You will never be able to make the deal' because there are so many years of hatred, especially on the other side.
"You know, they grow up as young children hating, hating, hating Israel. I think the deal can be made. But we got to be smart, and we got to use our best people; gotta use me, but you got to use our best people. And I know the best people.”
“I've never met a person from Israel that didn't want to make the deal. I'd love to be able to make that deal,” he added.
Trump also questioned why the U.S. is funding the United Nations but is not demanding the body use its power to broker a deal to solve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
The Republican presidential front-runner did not repeat a previous controversial suggestion that he would be “neutral” on the conflict as a mediator.
He didn't mention the issue at all during his foreign policy address last week other than slamming President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden for criticizing Israel for “acting as an impediment to peace in the region.”
Read a transcript of Trump's remarks on the issue below:
“Sometimes people are so close to something that they can't see the forest for the trees. Same thing with the United Nations. We pay so much. When do you see the UN going in and making a deal? You don't even hear the name anymore. Why isn't the UN making deals? Why aren't they working with Israel and the Palestinians as an example? Why aren't – which is probably the all-time hard deal to make. I am going to try and make that deal just because – man, would that be a beauty – if you like deals. I like deals. I do deals. That would be great. Very hard — a lot of my Jewish friends say, ‘You will never be able to make the deal' – because there are so many years of hatred, especially on the other side. You know, they grow up as young children hating, hating, hating Israel. I think the deal can be made. But we got to be smart and we got to use our best people; gotta use me, but we got to use our best people. And I know the best people. Now, with that being said, some of the smartest people I know from Israel say ‘We'd love to make the deal.' You know, I've never met a person from Israel that didn't want to make the deal. But it is just a very hard deal to make because it's years of – of whatever. But I'd love to be able to make that deal.”
Sign up for Jewish Insider's curated Daily Kickoff newsletter here.
Resident Evil 7 is off to a solid sales start in the UK, hitting top spot in this week's chart.
The horror game is the third-best week one debut for the Resident Evil series in the UK. The week one record is held by Resident Evil 5, which launched on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in 2009. Resident Evil 7 launched on PC, PS4 and Xbox One (the PS4 version works with PSVR).
For some reason, UK numbers company Chart-Track failed to mention the second-best week one debut for Resident Evil. Presumably it's 2012's Resident Evil 6.
Chart-Track did say, however, that Resident Evil is Capcom's most successful brand in the UK, based on overall physical revenue since 1995 and up to 2016. It sits just outside the top 30 of all-time brands since arrival in 1996, with around the same revenue as Sony's Crash Bandicoot series and Ubisoft's Just Dance franchise.
As always, Chart-Track's data does not include download sales. According to SteamSpy, Resident Evil 7 has sold just over 200,000 copies on Steam, which isn't bad.
Meanwhile, Square Enix's Kingdom Hearts HD 2.8 Final Chapter enters the chart in third place. Sega's Yakuza 0 is in at eight. Bandai Namco's Tales of Berseria debuts at 14.
On the hardware front, Chart-Track said the 500GB Glacier White Edition PS4, which came out last week, accounted for around a quarter of all PS4s sold.
Here's this week's top 10:
On Monday night Real Sociedad, the team on the best run in La Liga, were defeated by Deportivo, the side who had gone into the game in the relegation zone and who had conceded five in their past two games. Not just defeated, in fact: they were hammered 5-1. From battering Barcelona -- it finished 1-1 but even Luis Enrique admitted that was a "miracle" -- to a kicking in A Coruña in just eight days. It was happening again. Earlier in the season, Celta had gone from scoring four goals against Barcelona in one game to conceding five against Villarreal the next. And that's just the start.
Fourteen weeks into the season, champions Barcelona have dropped almost half of the points available at the Camp Nou. Real Madrid are unbeaten, true, but it hasn't exactly been easy and they were held at home by Eibar, the team from a town whose entire population could fit in the Santiago Bernabéu and still leave 50,000 seats free for the home fans. Oh, and Atlético Madrid, European runners-up, have dropped more points than ever before under Diego Simeone having begun the season with draws against Alavés and Leganés: one team hadn't been in the first division for a decade, the other hadn't ever been there before.
Spain's season began as it meant to go on, that's for sure. The things they say only happen in other leagues have a bit of a habit of happening here, in the only league with four teams still in the Champions League, all seven teams through in European competition, the winners of the last six European titles and the only one that has provided five different European finalists in four years.
On Monday night, Deportivo destroyed la Real. The day before, Betis and Celta played out a wonderful 3-3 draw and the night before that, Sergio Ramos got an 89th-minute equaliser in the Clásico. Málaga's equaliser on the same weekend arrived later: They got a 93rd-minute goal against Valencia to make it 2-2. And the thing is, it wasn't even that unusual. Not for Spain, anyway. And not for Málaga, either.
It was the second week in a row that Juande Ramos' side grabbed such a late goal. In Week 13, the week when Sporting's coach claimed that his team, boasting "four pals in it together" had "stood up to Madrid," and the week Real Sociedad dominated Barcelona, Málaga had defeated Deportivo 4-3. The winner was an absolute belter, too, scored in the 92nd minute by 19-year-old Javier Ontiveros. Sevilla won that day too, a comparatively "normal" 2-1 win against Valencia thanks to a save from Sergio Rico in the very last minute.
Valencia is a giant club, the fourth-most successful in Spanish football history and a European Cup finalist in this century. They're also in a relegation fight. As for Sevilla, "in the very last minute" is a phrase that has been used a lot about them this season. Just ask Deportivo, Alavés and Las Palmas. They're not the only ones, either. If it was Rico making epic saves in Week 13, it was Carlos Kameni performing two miracles in the last minute against Barcelona, bandaged leg and all, to keen a clean sheet at the Camp Nou.
And so it goes, week after week. Every seven days, there's more drama.
On the opening weekend, Sevilla beat Espanyol 6-4, Las Palmas won 4-2 at Valencia and there were 40 goals in primera. Playing their first game in the top flight for over a decade, Alavés conceded very late at the Calderón but scored even later: youth team graduate, captain, fan and season-ticket holder, Manu García, hit an absolute beauty, a moment he could never even imagine when he played for the club down in Spain's regionalised, theoretically amateur, 80-team third tier.
In Week 2, the first-ever primera game at Butarque ended with Leganés holding Atlético, Real Madrid needed a late goal from Toni Kroos to beat Celta, Las Palmas got their ninth goal of the season and Espanyol and Málaga got a 2-2 draw -- a result that, like 3-2, has been seen rather a lot this season.
There's a collective coronary every week in Spain. In Week 3, for example, when Ruben Castro's last-minute goal saw Betis beat Valencia 3-2 after Valencia had fought back from 2-0 down. The same week leaders Las Palmas were ahead 1-0 with two minutes to go at Sevilla and lost 2-1, the winner scored by a 19-year-old local boy; it was one of three last-minute winners that weekend. Oh, and it was the same weekend that Alavés beat Barcelona at the Camp Nou for only the second time in their history.
In Week 4, Betis and Granada drew 2-2, a bonkers and brilliant game that Betis might have won but for Alex Alegría's last-minute miss. (Alegria, by the way, is Spanish for "happiness.") In Week 5, an 87th-minute penalty gave Valencia a 2-1 victory over Alavés when they needed it most, Bruno dinked in a Panenka to give Villarreal a draw at the Bernabéu and the "other Clásico" between Atlético and Barcelona finished level, too.
In Week 6, Las Palmas and Madrid drew 2-2. The clock showed 88 minutes when Las Palmas scored. It showed 91 and 93 minutes for the goals Espanyol conceded in a 2-0 defeat to Celta. Facing Sevilla, Athletic Bilbao scored against an outfield player in goal. And Mikel Balenziaga scored for the first time, over three hundred games into his career.
In Week 7, the week that saw Zinedine Zidane asked if his team was in crisis and replied "no, but we can't go on like this," three last minute-goals decided three games in a row and Celta beat Barcelona 4-3. In Week 8, Celta got beaten back (5-0 by Villarreal), Sevilla won 4-3 at Leganés, Diego Alves saved two penalties in one game and Athletic won the Basque derby 3-2. A last-minute chance for Geronimo Rulli was ruled offside. Rulli is a goalkeeper.
On the Saturday morning the following week, Atlético were top. On Saturday afternoon, it was Barcelona. By Sunday evening it was Sevilla and on Sunday night it was Madrid, who needed a late goal to edge past Athletic. That same weekend, there was another 3-2 (Barcelona scoring a last minute penalty against Valencia) and another 3-3 as Espanyol and Eibar drew.
It wouldn't be the last time we saw that score. It was 3-3 between Las Palmas and Celta in Week 10, Quique Setien's side going from 3-0 down to 3-3... oh, and a shot hit the bar in the 91st minute. In Week 11, Málaga beat Sporting 3-2 and Barcelona beat Sevilla 2-1 in a game their manager called "intrepid" as Sevilla's first shot came after 34 seconds, their second after 48 seconds and their third after 81 seconds.
In Week 12, we saw 3-2 to go with Kameni's miracle and Madrid winning the city derby for only the second time in their last 10 tries. (Depor 2-3 Sevilla, in case you're wondering.)
By now you know that Depor need fear not because in Week 14, they beat Real Sociedad 5-1, the team from the relegation zone destroying the men of the moment and the side that had expected to move into fourth place with a win. And yet even that wasn't the stand-out result. This was: Granada won their first game of the entire season and they beat... Sevilla, the team seeking second place.
Yep, it's true what they say. La Liga: boring, predictable and non-competitive.
Sid Lowe is a Spain-based columnist and journalist who writes for ESPN FC, the Guardian, FourFourTwo and World Soccer. Follow him on Twitter at @sidlowe.
Hockey is a game of goal scoring. Remove all the intangibles and intricacies, and at the end of the day, the team that scores the most goals wins the game. Obviously, many factors contribute to the fine line between wins and losses, but let's take a moment and revel in the wonderment that is the National Hockey League's ten most naturally gifted goal scorers.
Jeff Carter 10
The Los Angeles Kings' sniper is one of the best shooters in the game. Jeff Carter's big reach and ability to shelter the puck from defenders also adds to his outstanding set of tools he fools goalies with while attacking offensively.
The former 40 goal scorer burns opponents with regularity. Basically, when the Kings need a goal, Carter is likely to be the supplier.
Jeff Carter is a pure shooter – one of the best in the league. He won't razzle dazzle you like some NHL all-stars, but that's fine because sometimes too much flair is only good for a few cheers. Carter doesn't need to finesse his opponents, he uses size, strength, speed and power to accumulate goals.
The following video clearly articulates the raw shooting ability of the 2012 Stanley Cup champion Los Angeles Kings best offensive weapon, Jeff Carter.
Corey Perry 9
When you score 50 times in one NHL season your status as a goal scorer elevates to new heights.
This former 50 goal scorer is naturally talented in multiple ways. The big man with the smooth hands has a rocket of a wrister that often deceptively explodes off his stick. He's capable of scoring top shelfers in tight proximity to the net, and is arguably the best in the business at transforming garbage goals into highlight reel roof jobs.
Every goal scorer has a bag of tricks, and Perry's is diverse.
Smooth hands allow the Ducks big money man to avoid relying on his sick shot all the time. When a goalie is telling too much, Perry can do severe damage with a deke. Enjoy this video of Corey Perry flexing his offensive muscle as one of the game's truest goal scoring talents.
Thomas Vanek 8
Austria's finest puck shooting export was selected 5th overall in the deepest draft NHL history has ever known because he's a lethal scoring machine.
In the 2003 NHL entry draft Vanek was chosen by the Buffalo Sabres ahead of NHL stars – Ryan Suter, Dion Phaneuf, Jeff Carter, Zach Parise, Ryan Getzlaf, Mike Richards, Patrice Bergeron and Corey Perry for a reason.That reason being: very few shoot as potently as Thomas Vanek.
The Sabres ten year employee has one of the most effective, quick releases in hockey. He is known for his ability to beat the best goaltenders clean with one of his patented snappers.
Vanek has another great quality that allows him to finish plays with the best of 'em. He has quick hands, especially in tight situations around the crease. Vanek doesn't move as smoothly as many top snipers, but his lack of flashy mobility has never prevented him from burying. In order to truly appreciate the goal scoring versatility of the Sabres' best shooter, please enjoy a video showcasing his top 10 goals.
Rick Nash 7
The Rangers lead sniper is a big body with tremendous wheels and raw power.
Rick Nash may not have the quick release or heavy wrist shot of his goal-getting contemporaries, but he sure can match them on the scoresheet.
He's an imposing puck handler who drives the net with the most effective combination of force and finesse in the league since Eric Lindros. Often criticized for a lack of assists in his stat line, Nash doesn't play the part of passer – he is a straight up, high end, goal scoring machine.
Enjoy a clip of the most memorable goal Rick Nash has ever scored in the National Hockey League.
John Tavares 6
With a Hart Trophy nomination on his resume, John Tavares is quickly living up to the hype that has surrounded him since Major Junior.
John Tavares – the kid who broke Wayne Gretzky's OHL goal scoring record – is now a grown man with an appetite for greatness, and it shows on the scoreboard.
The Islanders' saviour doesn't have the goal scoring resume of his list-mates, because he's younger. But at some point, as hockey fans, we must admit that stats don't paint the entire Picasso. If you've ever watched Tavares play, you know very well how capable he is of electrifying NHL goal lights.
Last season Tavares broke out for 28 tallies in 48 games, earning himself the 3rd most goals scored in the league behind Lightning sniper Steven Stamkos and Capitals icon Alex Ovechkin. Now, Tavares is officially part of the conversation for best goal scorer in the game.
Tavares's ability to fire home pucks is ranged in weaponry. He releases with blinding speed when he's shooting, and he dangles his way through goaltenders with impressive hands when a deke is required. His comprehension of good playmaking prevents him from selfishly shooting on every opportunity, making Tavares unpredictably dangerous offensively. Watch him score.
Marian Gaborik 5
The on-again, off-again Columbus Blue Jackets' sniper is the fastest top gun in the league.
Gaborik's speed is one of his most impressive weapons, but it's not his only one. The Slovakian golden-boy is a fiercely quick shooter off both wings – he's adept at balancing himself for wrist shot rifles he can release at full speed or at a stand still.
Gaborik is a manipulator of the high slot like few others. Some goal scorers always seem to find open space on that crowded ice surface and Gaborik's one of the best. As a member of the Minnesota Wild Gaborik's goal scoring prowess was on display in a 5 goal performance against his future team, the New York Rangers.
Phil Kessel 4
Booted out of Boston for his lack of Lucic-like attributes, Phil Kessel has since established himself as one of the league's top guns year after year.
As we approach the top of the list Kessel separates himself from other goal scoring superiors. His shot is one of hockey's most potent poisons. The streaky finisher is among the NHL's best skaters through the neutral zone, capable of winding up and blasting off at speeds most defensive players have no answer for.
Kessel is often criticized for his softness. Here's the thing: Phil Kessel is a throw back goal scorer, styled in the mould of a great 80's gunner. His all round game is improving with age, but it's not great and it never will be. But, does anyone really care if the Leafs' best goal scorer since Dave Andreychuk starts blocking shots and battling in more scrums? Not really. Phil's a weapon of mass production, not a dime-a-dozen foot soldier.
Sidney Crosby 3
When your backhand is better than forehand shot of 99% of the league's players, you're going to be considered one of the elite natural goal scorers in hockey.
Sid The Kid can bury with the finest. He's often regarded as a playmaker more than a pure goal scorer, but that's a stigma he shares with Wayne Gretzky, who has the most goals in NHL history.
Sidney Crosby has very quick hands, a superb shot, and an uncanny ability to move at a higher speed than everyone else. While Crosby rockets around the ice with the puck, goalies must have fits, never knowing whether Sid will make a ridiculous pass, or without warning unleash a bullet perfectly aimed at a kink in the armour.
Alexander Ovechkin 2
The Caps reigning Rocket Richard winner is pure power and force. He can shovel a puck home as perfectly as he can snipe one from long-distance or slide one in on an unsuspecting deke victim.
When Alex Ovechkin is playing well – that is to say, scoring a lot, which is often – there is no stopping the thick Russian tank. Since joining the NHL in 2005-06, no one has set off more goal lights than Ovie.
One thing that really separates Alex from the previously mentioned players on this list is his ability to score goals from anywhere with a wrist shot. Ovechkin can wire home a wrister from long range because his wrist shot is more powerful than 80% of the slap shots in the league.
When Ovechkin gets revved up he's a real treat to watch. His offensive attacks are explosive bursts of pace, power and pure determination. He'll fly wide and cut to the net for a hard fought tally, or he'll lean back, quickly cross to the middle of the ice, and fire away, whistling one past a goaltender' ears for a top shelf finale. Enjoy this video entitled – The Best Of Alexander Ovechkin
Steven Stamkos 1
It's only fitting Steven Stamkos plays for Tampa Bay because his shot is lightning fast.
Stamkos is a smooth skating, speedster who can really fire the puck but he scores from everywhere these days – more than just a shooter who relies on great feeds.
Stamkos's one-timer off the half boards once accounted for most of his goals, but he has improved his versatility as a sniper. That being said, opponents know to respect Stamkos's shot.
You know you're a wicked one-timer when no matter how many times you pull off the same play, the rest of the NHL can't prevent you from cashing in, over and over again.
Stamkos scores from everywhere.With a shot like that, he only needs to receive a pass within the opposing team's zone and fire a cannon at the net. The Lightning franchise player scores on wrist shots on the rush, in the slot, from the side; the top of the circle, and etc.
From anywhere in the offensive zone, Stamkos can finish a play with a game changing strike.
His quick hands are underrated. His knack for finding open space is a skill he has perfected like no other NHLer since Brett Hull. He's scored more goals than any other NHL player over the last four seasons, and that is no fluke. Witness his scoring supremacy in this YouTube tribute:
Honourable Mentions: Patrick Kane, Jonathan Toews, Logan Couture, James Neal, Eric Staal, Zach Parise, Evander Kane, Taylor Hall, Tyler Seguin, Pavel Datsyuk, Alexander Semin, Evgeni Malkin.
Share this: Share
Twitter
Google
Facebook
Reddit
Email
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Print
Dubai: Dubai Police will host next year the 23rd Congress of the International Academy of Legal Medicine which is one of the biggest conferences on forensic sciences.
The three-day event, which will be held at the Dubai World Trade Centre from January 19-21, 2015, will include a conference, an exhibition and workshops.
More than 50 international speakers and 2,000 participants are expected to take part in the conference.
Major General Khamis Mattar Al Mazeina, Dubai Police Chief, said that all the latest technologies, equipment and techniques in the field of forensic science will be showcased and discussed at the conference.
He added that this is the first edition of this prestigious conference to be hosted by a country in the Mena region.
The International Academy of Legal Medicine (IALM) was originally founded in 1938 in Bonn, Germany. The academy aims to further the scientific progress in the field of legal medicine, especially by promoting collaboration and the exchange of information among specialists on an international level, by holding scientific meetings and congresses, recommending guidelines in the different areas of legal medicine, and through scientific publications.
The conference is organised by Index Conferences and Exhibitions.
Students will have lower rates for registration to attend the conference.
And the USA's most fanatical football city is ...
An analysis of mobile check-ins at NFL stadiums and sports bars shows that Green Bay is home to the USA's most dedicated football fans. (Photo: Matthew Emmons, US PRESSWIRE)
Tell a football fan that your city supports its team better than theirs and you may quickly learn the alternative meaning of "pancake." But short of counting the people who turn up for the Super Bowl victory parade, is there really a way to determine which place has the most dedicated fan base?
Foursquare, the smartphone app that lets users "check in" at restaurants, attractions and other venues, took a number-crunching approach to an emotional topic to come up with this list of the USA's ten most football fanatic cities:
1. Green Bay (Packers)
2. Charlotte (Panthers)
3. Jacksonville (Jaguars)
4. Houston (Texans)
5. Seattle (Seahawks)
6. New Orleans (Saints)
7. Indianapolis (Colts)
8. Tampa (Buccaneers)
9. Buffalo (Bills)
10. Boston (Patriots)
The rankings cover check-ins at football stadiums and sports bars on game days during the 2012 football season. The inclusion of the sports bars is key -- bigger stadiums would logically yield more check-ins, but there are millions of rabid fans who may never attend a game but still like to join their fellow supporters to cheer on their team.
So on any given Sunday, the percentage of Wisconsinites who are either attending or watching a Packers game in a public venue makes them the USA's most dedicated supporters (going shirtless in sub-zero weather and wearing cheese-shaped foam hats in public are other strong indicators).
ON WISCONSIN: Madison voted USA's best college football town
Charlotte and Jacksonville are other cities where you're likely to find a serious football focus if you're visiting on an autumn Sunday, according to Foursquare.
Curiously, many of the league's biggest cities don't appear in the rankings. This could be attributable to the diversity of entertainment options in those places (I was in New York last Super Bowl Sunday and short of the Empire State Building being lit up with Giants colors, you may never have known their team was fighting for a championship that night).
But since this is USA TODAY and we're "a forum for better understanding and unity," we'll give you the chance to set the record straight. Leave a comment and tell us why your city is home to the nation's most dedicated football fans.
READ MORE: Complete NFL coverage from USA TODAY Sports
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/17Ahk2O
All dabs, all the time.
That's what struck me when I walked into the very in-tents area that was described on the official High Times San Francisco Bay Area Cannabis Cup map as “Medicated”. It was a music blastin', blunt-smokin' good time, at least for these guys:
But this guy (and maybe two others) were the only people I saw actually smoking weed the entire weekend! How can this be?
It's dabs, man. It's a whole new world. It's like if you had gone to outer space in the early 1990s, just came back, and started wondering what happened to Walkmans and clunky cell phones and what was this new Internet thing? But even for someone like me, who knows what's going on in the cannabis world, to actually see everyone in the booths bending over bongs for dab hits, and no weed smell in the air…well, it's a shock. Culture shock!
Bravely fighting my way through crowds of scantily dressed show girls imploring me to take a free dab, I managed to control myself. I already know what a good bong hit of weed does to me, so I had already calculated that a bong hit of freaking hash oil, which would be anywhere from 2 to 4 times stronger, would put me on the floor at the very least. And I'm the guy who preaches moderation, so I'd hate to go ironically (and especially not hypocritically :-)
But I do like to keep up with technology, so when I finally found what I considered a legit vape pen with all the right features and at a decent price, I jumped on it (and in case my wife Felicity is reading this, I didn't jump on the nice young lady selling them).
There were a number of reasons I thought this was legit. A lot of vape pens on the market seem to be repurposed e-cigs made cheaply in China, thrown into a box with rasta colors, and sold for three times their value in smoke shops. This one says “Dabs” right on it, but more importantly it's 510 threaded for eGo compatibility, which means it's interchangeable with most other accessories. And most importantly to me, the clearomizer portion came pre-loaded with my choice of Golden Goods' CO2 extract honey oil, which means this can only be sold by dispensaries. And yes, I'll take the Girl Scout Cookies strain, please!
All you have to do is press the button for a few seconds and inhale. You can take a huge blast if you want, but of course I don't, and that's the key to moderation with these things. When I finish this first load (which at my rate will probably be sometime around September), all I have to do is squirt the contents of the Earth OG indica refill I got into the clearomizer, and I'll be up and running again. And if I can't find any more refills locally, I can just dilute some straight hash oil to the right viscosity with vegetable glycerin (which I already have for making tinctures) and make my own!
Please click here for High Times Cannabis Cup 2013 San Francisco: Day Two
Two years ago, according to BYU football coach Bronco Mendenhall, assistant Steve Kaufusi happened to catch a pickup basketball game while on the tiny island of Tonga. There, he saw Motekiai Langi -- an enormous teenager with quick feet that belied his size.
On Wednesday, the Cougars signed Langi, who is now listed at 6-foot-7, 410 pounds.
This is Langi:
And this, courtesy of Eric Morrow and Tuhulu Football, is all the footage we can find of him playing football:
But we're not alone: Mendenhall offered Langi a scholarship with no one on his coaching staff having seen him play football. Instead, according to Mendenhall, Langi recently met with the coach for 15 minutes before the young man was to go off on his Mormon mission (Langi is a relative of junior Harvey Langi). The coach wasn't even expecting to offer Langi, but when he saw him, he couldn't pass up the chance.
"It's not a fat 410 pounds," Mendenhall said on signing day. "He is a solid, healthy-looking giant man."
That video sure backs up the claim. Mendenhall even compares him in spirit to Ezekiel Ansah, who was at BYU for academics before walking on to the track team ... then trying out for football ... then becoming the No. 5 pick by the Detroit Lions in the 2013 NFL draft.
"Football is a game and the rules can be learned," Mendenhall said. "I can't make [someone] 410 and 6-7. ... [But] I think if I'm any kind of coach at all and our staff is, there's got to be something we can teach that guy to do."
See all of what Mendenhall had to say about Langi:
H/T Deadspin
More awesome stories
• Full Alabama high school boys basketball game ends 2-0
• Odell Beckham Jr. dunks, does LeBron James impersonation in video
• Kobe Bryant and Jimmy Fallon talk about a beer run they went on in 1996
Sam Forencich/Getty Images
NEW YORK — In the fall of 2009, Sam Presti, the general manager of the Oklahoma City Thunder, descended upon the campus of Virginia Commonwealth University to get a closer look at future NBA center Larry Sanders. Once there, though, it was a different big man, one who never suited up for VCU, who wound up catching his eye.
Dave Bliss spent four years manning the paint for the University of Georgia basketball team, finishing his career with averages of 5.8 points and 4.4 rebounds per game. He graduated in 2008 and, aware that his playing days were over, became a volunteer assistant for Georgia head coach Dennis Felton. The next year he followed Bulldogs assistant coach Mike Jones to VCU, where he served as a graduate assistant.
"I remembered Dave was a really cerebral player," then-VCU head coach Shaka Smart told Bleacher Report. "Also, you don't get a lot of coaching candidates that are that size."
Standing at 6'10" and a lean 255 pounds, Bliss was able to provide Smart a skill set most teams—at both the college and pro levels—don't have: a big man coach who could both teach and be active on the practice floor. That day, Presti (who declined comment through the Thunder) watched Bliss stand in the paint and smack VCU guards with padded paddles. He saw him work with frontcourt players on post moves and demonstrate proper weak-side-defense technique.
About five months later, after VCU's season had ended, Smart received a phone call from Presti. He wanted to know more about the giant assistant he had seen that day at VCU.
"That's the only time in my career an NBA guy has called me about a grad assistant," Smart said.
Soon after, Bliss was moving to Oklahoma City to take a job as a video coordinator for the Thunder. He's now part of the New York Knicks coaching staff, and in his two years with the team, under three different head coaches, he's morphed into an integral part of a player development program that's become perhaps the lone bright spot for the franchise. In New York, he's helped Kristaps Porzingis, Willy Hernangomez, Lance Thomas and others grow and steal minutes from veterans.
Sue Ogrocki/Associated Press/Associated Press
That's no accident or coincidence. Bliss is part of a new breed of NBA assistant coaches that have fueled the boom of young talent in the league. With teams spending increasingly less time on the practice floor and rest becoming a valued commodity, front offices have started searching for alternate ways to bring along their youngest players. One possible counter, teams have found, is to fill their coaching and video departments with young and spry former players like Bliss, assistants who boast both brains and brawn, who can help both off the court and on.
"Being big, guys like that can bang in practice with your bigs, especially with teams like ours whose main guys don't practice a lot," an assistant general manager of a veteran-laden team told Bleacher Report. "Those assistants, they can step in and help your young guys learn."
The roots of this trend, like so much else in the NBA, can be traced back to Gregg Popovich and the San Antonio Spurs. According to interviews with multiple front office members and assistant coaches across the league, the Spurs, who were at the forefront of the NBA's rest revolution, were the first team to stuff their video department with recent graduates who were comfortable getting on the floor. But as the team's tree has spread across the league, so too has this approach.
Eric Gay/Associated Press
Mike Budenholzer, a former Spurs assistant coach, brought it with him to the Atlanta Hawks. Kenny Atkinson, a former Hawks assistant, brought it with him to the Brooklyn Nets, a team ran by a Spurs former assistant GM, Sean Marks. Presti spent seven years in the Spurs front office, where he witnessed the power of agile assistant coaches firsthand. Over the years, myriad other non-Spurs-connected teams have joined the fray, too.
Nowadays, coaches in the mold of Bliss, who was made unavailable for comment by the Knicks, are viewed as a valued commodity.
"When I played I was able to morph and guard different positions," Dave McClure, the Indiana Pacers' assistant coach for player development, told Bleacher Report. "Usually we're trying to develop a players' offensive skill, so me being about 6'6" and able to guard a little bit on the floor, it makes it somewhat lifelike."
McClure, 30, spent two years with the Spurs before being hired away by the Pacers this summer. He said he was technically part of the video department, but that his job was to assist with anything and everything: scouting reports, stats, video work, but also on-court workouts.
Like Bliss, along with the Cavaliers' Dan Geriot, the Nets' Bret Brielmaier, the Hawks' Charles Lee and myriad other sub-40-year-old NBA assistants, McClure was far from a collegiate star (2.2 points per game in four seasons at Duke). But because his body hasn't endured years of beatings, he's more of an on-court presence than some of his more famous peers.
PAT LITTLE/Associated Press/Associated Press/Associated Press
"Last year, when I really wasn't playing, I was just playing a lot of three-on-three, four-on-four with Charles Lee and some of our assistants," said Hawks guard Tim Hardaway Jr., who's averaging career highs in nearly every statistical category this season. "That's how we get better. You get the run in, but also they play you certain ways that force you to improve your weaknesses and learn how to read difference coverages."
Bliss, who was brought to New York by Derek Fisher and re-hired this summer by Jeff Hornacek, spends nearly three hours before every Knicks game on the court doing just this. Alongside Knicks assistant coach Josh Longstaff and assistant video coordinator Steve Senior, he'll patrol the paint and bark out defensive calls as Ron Baker and Marshall Plumlee work on pick-and-rolls. Mindaugas Kuzminskas will often spot up on the wing, turning the game into three-on-three, with Longstaff telling the three players that they're only permitted to shoot three-pointers and layups.
After that, his gray T-shirt spotted with sweat, Bliss takes Willy Hernangomez through a plethora of post moves, deploying his body as a teaching tool and pushing the Knicks rookie in various directions. Then it's Kristaps Porzingis' turn.
"Going against a guy like Dave every day has been huge for me and my improvement," Porzingis told Bleacher Report. "He's big and physical with me—and that's been the toughest thing for me to deal with since coming into the league, so we work on that every day—but he's also always talking to me, giving me advice."
Sometimes the battles between the two turn violent. Porzingis has been poked in the eye, hit in the ribs, shoved in the chest. Once, Porzingis said, he nailed Bliss in the face with an elbow.
"Sometimes I get mad at him and we fight," Porzingis said. "But it's all good. He's just trying to make me better. He's exactly the kind of coach you want around."
All quotes obtained firsthand unless otherwise noted.
Yaron Weitzman covers the Knicks, and other things, for Bleacher Report. Follow him on Twitter @YaronWeitzman and listen to his Knicks-themed podcast here.
Monkeyless Chaos: Integration Testing for Serverless Architectures
Ben Kehoe Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 18, 2016
In serverless architectures, control over many — or even most — components is given up. This is generally true of using SaaS products, but with a fully serverless system, the number of points where the developer has full control is further reduced. On AWS, user code is limited to Lambda functions, API Gateway mappings, and IoT rules, which gives no ability to, for example, induce a premature shutdown of the underlying EC2 instance handling an API Gateway connection, or cause SNS to fail when invoked by an event on S3. While to compute components of serverless systems are generally stateless (a good practice), this doesn't mean that, in a degraded system, they will meet performance requirements (e.g., latency, data loss, management of distributed transactions, etc.).
While unit testing of Lambda code is fairly straightforward (see my recent article), this does not suffice for verifying that a full system is production-ready; integration testing is required. However, integration testing for serverless architectures presents a problem. For the purpose of this article, I will assume the system uses solely AWS services. How can we test the situation where DynamoDB has less-than-perfect reliability? Does our system degrade gracefully? Does our logging and monitoring system adequately inform us of the problems?
In traditional architectures, a system like Netflix's Chaos Monkey (and related pieces of the simian army) serves this purpose, by randomly shutting down VMs and interfering with network traffic. If a system has no SaaS components, nearly every error condition can be tested this way.
Using SaaS components, we have no way to induce those components to behave abnormally. In a fully serverless system, the only control we have is over the code we put in. Given that constraint, how can we do integration testing similar to Chaos Monkey? What would Monkeyless Chaos look like?
With the starting assumption that we are using only AWS services, and the further assumption that we are using Python (just to pick a particular SDK; the requirements work for all languages), we could establish some requirements for such a system:
Requirements for Monkeyless Chaos
A system for injecting errors into boto3 SDK calls
> This exists, and botocore's Stubber class provides a template for implementing a more focused error-injection class A system for intercepting the creation of boto3 Sessions, Clients, and Resources
> The same injection system in boto3 will work for this
> This is so we can inject the error injector when the chaos library is loaded A system for specifying the errors to inject and how often (and where) they should appear
> Service errors can be referred to by name, as the service definitions in botocore suffice to translate that into an actual exception
> We also need network errors, such as latency or timeouts, as well as, perhaps, corrupted data
> Allow placebo's pill format for direct specification of return
> This system should allow for varying degrees of specificity. For example, from “this particular Lambda can't reach Kinesis 60% of the time” to “all requests to Kinesis from all Lambdas fail”
> The error specifications should be able to be changed at run time, without requiring redeployment, to allow simulating outage scenarios (e.g., how long does recovery take once an outage is over?). It should be possible to deploy the system without any of this code included at all, so that it would be impossible to use it to cause system degradation by accidental or malicious means.
This system would likely use a DynamoDB table, shared by all components of the system, to satisfy requirement #3. This table could have a well-known name, but this would limit the system to a single error specification per account, which would not work for people who deploy multiple systems into the same account. A well-known table with a mapping from Lambda name (+version) to error spec table name could be used to have multiple error specifications: on startup, each Lambda would index into the well-known table using its own name to find the error spec table it should use.
Support for environment variables in Lambda would reduce the pain involved in the above paragraph. The error spec table name would be provided to Lambdas through an environment variable at deployment time. Ryan Scott Brown suggested to me that error specs could be provided inline to Lambdas in environment variables, but this wouldn't satisfy the requirement to change them at run time.
To extend this beyond the use of AWS services, the first logical step is HTTP calls. The system should allow similar specifications for HTTP errors, and a way to inject these errors into common HTTP libraries like requests.
This is one approach to integration testing for serverless systems. It is working well for us, but there may be other approaches that work better (feedback is very welcome here or on Twitter!). I hope to see support for these use cases in SDKs (e.g., built-in error stubbing). I'm torn about support in services themselves. An API that can cause a service to cease functioning normally would make me (and OpSec) very nervous. Hopefully, as the serverless space matures, support for integration testing will be a new bullet point on the serverless manifesto.
news High-speed Rail For Whom?
If we build a new rail line in southern Ontario, it won't pay for itself.
A few weeks ago, the Ontario government announced the environmental assessment for the introduction of a high-speed rail network. I am in favour of the province investing in improvements to regional transit, as I have previously written. I want to be happy about this announcement. I'm not.
Several people have raised concerns about the proposal, and I recommend reading John Michael McGrath and Sean Marshall on this. You can also read the whole plan, which was completed in December and released last month. This plan has been floating around for a while; there have been critiques going back to at least 2015.
For the moment, instead of talking about the viability of this particular plan, I want to talk about how it fits with what I find to be a disturbing trend in transportation planning. I worry that our concept of “public” has eroded to the point that we don't even notice that the infrastructure we build with public money isn't so public after all.
To start with the screamingly obvious, the greatest appeal about high-speed rail is its gift of time.
But that time is all about perception. It's about the idea of saving time—specifically, of not wasting time. HSR gives an actual advantage of a shorter ride over existing train service, plus the relative advantage of being faster than an automobile.
Our sense of commuter time isn't about actual time; it's all about feeling like we're not wasting time. We don't complain about a 45-minute drive from a distant suburb if we are at top speed the whole way. We complain (and calculate the value of the “lost time”) if what could be a 20-minute drive becomes 45 minutes because we're stuck in traffic.
In March, the New York Times published a column by Conor Dougherty discussing the various engineering and economic technologies that might or might not “cure” automobile traffic congestion. There's a lot I disagree with in the column, but I did like one particular insight: “Traffic,” Dougherty writes, “is one of the few problems that fabulously wealthy people can't buy their way out of.”
He's largely right. People with money often buy themselves out of wasting time standing in lines: at airports, train stations, theatres, amusement parks, etc. In Los Angeles, they even have their own terminal now, to avoid all the time spent in check-in and security lines the rest of us put up with.
But moving around and through cities generally means moving through shared public space, and there's no way of getting around that. The wealthy can buy a more comfortable ride, but not a faster one.
Except maybe in southern Ontario, where we seem increasingly comfortable with a two-tiered transportation system, even when built with public money.
The first example was Highway 407. That it became a privately-held entity is one thing, but even if it had remained in public hands, making it a toll road made it slightly less than public.
Making the 407 a toll road created not just an alternate highway, but one on which there was less traffic. For those with enough disposable income, they could buy their way to less wasted time. I've heard many acquaintances confess their love for the 407 for the precise benefit of escaping the slower, more congested 401.
Then we had the Union-Pearson Express, designed to help downtown business travellers get to Pearson more quickly and reliably—but it was priced out of the reach of ordinary travellers and families. The tickets were so expensive, they ran nearly empty trains until the embarrassment of it all compelled them to lower prices.
Next up was the proposal to toll the inner-city highways in Toronto.
In both this case and the 407, the imposition of tolls is about raising revenue to support road infrastructure. That's not a bad idea, on the face of it. Certainly, Toronto needs to consider seriously raising more revenue, rather than the current plan to freeze the budget and cut services.
However, it creates a two-tiered system where those with enough extra cash get to go faster. Less wasted time for them. The rest of us would find ourselves going a little slower with the extra traffic now on the rest of the roads, slowing down both private cars and public transit buses.
It's not that the upkeep of the Don Valley Parkway is more expensive than the rest of the road network in Toronto. The mayor didn't propose a tax on all drivers. He proposed turning the fastest roads from publicly accessible routes into more privileged spaces.
And now we have a proposal for high-speed rail. There were two bits in the announcement that made me think this was a similar kind of plan, serving a particular segment of the population rather than the general public.
First was that it was proposed for the Toronto-London-Windsor corridor, where HSR and (for part of it) GO Regional Express Rail would replace existing Via service.
It's odd that they would choose not to start with the most travelled corridor of Toronto-Ottawa-Montreal, which carries 55 per cent of Via's passengers. Okay, crossing the provincial border makes things complicated, so leave off Montreal for now. But start with a better connection between the nation's capital and the province's, surely?
Instead, the priority is improving service southwest of Toronto, particularly to Kitchener-Waterloo. KW could use more and better service, yes, and a longstanding promise to provide all-day, two-way GO train service has yet to materialize. GO RER is poised to help with that, eventually.
Who are the potential riders here? The demand and pressure have been coming from high-tech companies whose research is based in and around Waterloo University. Many of those workers live in Toronto and commute out.
This is connected to the second part that bugged me, which was the framing of this plan: the announcement specifically referenced enabling people to live on this corridor and commute daily to Toronto.
That equates them with other commuters living in or close to the city. But the investment of public funds in those commutes is nowhere near the same.
The working estimate for this project is $21 billion. The projection is that HSR on this line would serve 10.6 million riders annually by 2041.
Where would the fares need to be set in order to cover a good part of the operating costs of the new line? Who will be able to afford the HSR fares to commute daily from London? What and who are we investing public money in?
At 10.6 million riders, less than a week's worth of riders on the TTC.
We could build the relief line all the way from Sheppard for half of that and serve over 300,000 riders a day the moment it opens. Or, to use the comparable annual figure (by multiplying by the usual 300), over 90 million per year.
Nine times the ridership for half the money. And that's if I accept the 10.6 million figure at face value. But I have some doubts that the current Via ridership in the entire Windsor-London-Sarnia-Toronto corridor of just over 3,000 per day (923,127 total ridership in 2016) is going to grow to an average 35,000 per day on HSR.
Or, maybe before we add HSR to existing lines, we could restore regional train service to the levels it had before cuts in the 1980s, 1990s, and in 2015, and to places that no longer have any.
Maybe this proposal is not as privileged a space as I fear. Maybe train fare won't go up on these lines over existing Via fares. Maybe everyone will get to ride faster.
But I remain worried that we will create a faster service only affordable to a select few. I remain worried that we will invest the extraordinary sum of $21 billion dollars on transportation, but not put that investment where it will help the largest number of people, and make the biggest difference to our economy and our environment.
1 of 5
David Seelig/Associated Press
Though head coach Mike Zimmer indicated that he was none too impressed with the free-agency class at linebacker, a number of talented players could provide an instant boost to a defense struggling at that position, even though few meet the exacting athletic standards the Vikings have seemingly imposed in the past.
Darren Wolfson of local radio station ESPN1500 has speculated based on his conversations with folks at the combine that the Vikings would look into the linebacker and safety market despite those comments.
Wolfson specified "middle linebacker" in his tweet, and that makes sense given the athletic limitations of the market for linebackers—who often have to possess less lateral range and overall speed in a scheme to be effective.
To that end, the Vikings could sign a number of one-year "prove-it" deals if the market allows them to, or failing that, they can sign cheap contracts with minimal guarantees that make it easy to cut the player—effectively the same as a one-year deal from the perspective of the team.
Despite Rolando McClain's stellar year for Dallas, his overall playing history, multiple head injuries and recent violation of the NFL substance abuse policy should all depress his possible market. But gambling on young talent is something the Vikings are willing to do, and McClain, at 25, is exactly that.
Other than him, former Mike Zimmer linebacker Rey Maualuga should be available. After dropping weight from 260 to 250 pounds at the behest of then-linebacker coach and current Bengals defensive coordinator Paul Guenther, Maualuga improved his game—although, according to Pro Football Focus' player grades, that was from the worst inside linebacker in the NFL to third-worst. But Maualuga cut down on his missed tackles and increased his tackle share, putting together much better seasons in 2013 and 2014.
Though he is limited in what he can do, he knows the scheme well and has become a starting-quality middle linebacker. He could be the veteran presence the Vikings would want if it turns out they do have to part ways with Chad Greenway.
Other options are A.J. Hawk, recently cut by the Green Bay Packers, or Colin McCarthy, formerly of the Titans. Both started their careers in 4-3 schemes and seemingly did better there, although Hawk's career after Green Bay's switch to a 3-4 is nothing to be ashamed of. Hawk was a "Will" linebacker in the Packers' 4-3, but he has the kind of skills that translate to a 4-3 middle linebacker.
The most appealing option may end up being Brandon Spikes, who is the model of a two-down linebacker— absolutely dominant against the run and weak enough against the pass that he consistently comes off the field in passing situations. Just like there is value in a nose tackle who doesn't penetrate—like the Vikings have asked Linval Joseph to be—there is value in a specialist linebacker who can kill the opponents' run game.
Spikes is 27 and doesn't seem young enough to be a surefire target for the Vikings, but he isn't old enough to be completely out of the picture. His instincts are top-notch, and as a middle linebacker, he wouldn't have to cover the field with much range should the opposition choose to air the ball out.
Not many middle linebackers are long-term solutions, but the Vikings have enough holes on the roster that they cannot find all long-term solutions in one draft.
The combination of age, salary and potential might point to McClain as the likeliest target, but the Vikings are keen to avoid the off-field issues of the past, and McClain is one violation away from a four-game suspension. Instead, look for the Vikings to target Maualuga for a short-term deal if the Bengals don't keep him.
Brazil Has 91,000 Suspected Zika Cases; Records of Dengue and Chikungunya Have Increased
04/27/2016 - 10h58
Advertising
NATÁLIA CANCIAN
FROM BRASÍLIA
In just over two months, Brazil recorded at least 91,387 probable cases of infection by the Zika virus and experiences a new rise of chikungunya and dengue, diseases transmitted by the same vector, the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
According to the Ministry of Health, the situation indicates that the country continues to live a "triple epidemic."
The new data on probable cases of Zika come from an epidemiological bulletin released on Tuesday (26) by the Ministry.
Of the total cases of Zika, 7,584 are of pregnant women showing symptoms of the disease, such as red spots on the body and itching, among others. Of these, 2,844 had the diagnosis confirmed after tests.
The data show that the Zika virus continues to circulate in Brazil, but now with greater intensity in other regions than the Northeast, where it was first confirmed.
Comparing the states, Rio de Janeiro leads in number of cases, with 25,930 patients with probable infection by Zika. The total is similar to that recorded in Bahia, with 25,061 cases.
The records of chikungunya also increase in the country. There were 39,017 probable cases of the disease only in the first three months of this year. The same period of 2015 had 7,412 records - an increase of 426%.
The report also shows an increase in the number of dengue cases. Across the country, the probable cases of the disease are 802,429, an increase of 13% compared to the same period last year.
Translated by MARINA DELLA VALLE
Read the article in the original language
Boston Police report their investigation into a shooting outside the Garage club on Linden Street in Allston on Sept. 18 has been hampered by the fact that the victim, recovering from getting shot in the head, is refusing to cooperate with them.
At a Boston Licensing Board hearing this morning, officers from District D-14 and Allston/Brighton City Councilor Mark Ciommo said they and their constituents are getting fed up with a steady stream of problems at the Garage, part of the old Russian Benevolent Society complex that include rowdy customers and major parking issues on the blocks around the club.
In fact, police told the board, D-14 officers had just finished writing out 50 parking tickets for Garage patrons that night when the man was shot around the corner on Pratt Street shortly after 10 p.m.
Curt Bletzer, attorney for the Garage, acknowledged a connection between the victim and the club: Not long before the shooting, club doormen had denied him access to the place, even after he flashed "a wad of cash" in an attempt to buy his way in. As he was arguing with the doormen, Bletzer said, a woman joined him and took him away - after she slapped him in the head. The two walked down Linden and turned onto Pratt, where doormen lost sight of him.
Moments later, he was shot.
"We don't know what happened on Pratt," Bletzer said. D-14 Sgt. Det. Jose Lozano said the victim is remaining tight lipped with police.
Bletzer said that following the shooting, the club has taken several steps, including firing the manager on duty that night and banning the promoter who had arranged that night's entertainment. He said club managers want to work with police to deal with overall issues and parking in particular.
Ciommo and police said the club will have plenty to talk about. Ciommo said just this year, police have answered 66 complaints related to 20 Linden St. and that the club has become "very stressful" for both police and nearby residents.
Police said the Garage is now the first thing residents bring up at every community meeting they attend - and said Sunday nights are the worst, especially for parking. They said firefighters responding to a three-alarm fire in June were hampered by Garage patrons parked in front of hydrants and in crosswalks.
Bletzer said he felt it unfair to blame the Garage for all of Linden Street's issues because the building also houses a daycare and because the street is a major shortcut for people leaving other Allston bars heading to the turnpike.
Lozano responded that the vast majority of the complaints are about the Garage specifically, not about the daycare or other bar goers passing through.
Jake Waters will never have to pay for a beer in Council Bluffs, Iowa. At least not in the northeast part of this city of 60,000 people, where the sounds of his Manziel-like highlights play every Saturday, booming into the Loess Hills.
At Iowa Western Community College, Waters is an icon. The current star quarterback for No. 11 Kansas State and town native won the Reivers* their first national championship in 2012, their mere fourth year of existence, and if you make it out to a game, you'll surely hear about that a couple of times.
But there are no video highlights of Waters' magical 2012 season at Reivers games, because Titan Stadium doesn't have a video board. That's because Titan Stadium is actually a high school stadium, where Lewis Central plays its home games on Friday nights.
* Nickname explained by the school: 19th-century Missouri River pirates.
A Reivers home Saturday offers a high school-college mix. The high school parking lot hosts some tailgating, and this past Saturday was the chili cookoff. There is a marching band, but it's miniature compared to its Division I counterparts. The press box was packed with the three media members that showed up, and when I got there an hour and a half early, athletic media relations coordinator Jake Ryan insisted I make myself at home and take a bottle of water, since he paid for them.
"This isn't NCAA," he said.
It was still a big game in the world of JUCO football, as second-ranked Iowa Western was taking on fourth-ranked Hutchinson (Kansas) Community College. The winner of this game would have realistic aspirations to go to the national championship.
The tailgate scene. IWCC.
★★★
Few levels of football have higher disparities in talent level than junior college football. And that's not just between teams, but within teams. Hutchinson defensive tackle Jeremiah Ledbetter, who forced a strip sack in the first quarter, is a three-star prospect committed to play at Arkansas next year, and he plays on the same defensive line as Rutgers and South Carolina commits. That line went up against an Iowa Western offense with guys who will play anywhere from Division I to NAIA.
In its five full seasons, Iowa Western has sent 115 players to various levels of four-year college football, with 51 percent of them going to the highest level.
Year FBS FCS D II D III NAIA Total 2009 4 4 3 1 3 15 2010 8 8 0 0 2 18 2011 12 5 2 0 2 21 2012 21 2 2 5 3 33 2013 14 4 8 1 1 28 Total 59 23 15 7 11 115
However, that means half of their opponents play with much less talent.
The disparity is due to how recruiting is set up. While Division I coaches like to talk about getting "their type of guys," Reivers coach Scott Strohmeier has a different rhetoric. He wants assistants who "understand community college football." That means recruiting three types of players.
Academic non-qualifiers who could be playing at the highest level were it not for their grades. Recruits who have the academics to go elsewhere, but want to bump FCS offers up to FBS by spending time at a JUCO. Recruits who are on-field projects and could use two years of development to get bigger offers.
Getting the players from the second and third groups is the most important. By rule, Iowa Western is only allowed to play 20 out-of-state players each year, and if any of those guys get hurt, the school is only allowed to play two more. So even if you get some of the best non-qualifiers from the rest of the country, you could struggle if you don't recruit your state well.
That's where Strohmeier thinks Iowa Western has an advantage. Iowa is not a heavily recruited Division I state, which means some players who have Division I potential don't get the scholarship offers they deserve. Waters is a good example. He was a three-sport athlete in high school, and according to Strohmeier, didn't have the time or focus on football to be going to camps year-round as a high schooler. So he used Iowa Western as a stepping stone.
NCAA members would be horrified to hear their universities called stepping stones, but that's the whole point in junior college. It's to focus on football, then use that to get your education elsewhere. Education is still valued at Iowa Western, but they'll help you finish it at a bigger school.
And where did the school learn that? From none other than its lead advisor, ex-Nebraska coach Tom Osborne.
"One thing Coach Osborne said in our meeting was, ‘You're going to be surprised how many young men come to your college, who are not going anywhere to college, just so they can play football,'" Iowa Western president Dan Kinney said. "And the thing that will happen is, they'll end up with a college degree.'"
2012 National Junior College Athletic Association Offensive Player of the Year and NJCAA national champion Jake Waters, now the starter at 6-1 Kansas State. After that title run, the Reivers finished No. 2 in the country in 2013. IWCC.
★★★
Tom Osborne doesn't swear. Kinney made that clear. But he came close when he gave Kinney his biggest piece of advice when Iowa Western started its program.
"Coach Osborne is a very soft-spoken guy," Kinney said. "He doesn't raise his voice, and he absolutely does not swear. One time in a meeting, he said, ‘Dan, you have to hire the head coach a year before you start the program.'"
Kinney protested, as that sounded like an expensive proposition. Osborne responded even more firmly.
"He didn't raise his voice, but the tone of voice changed, and he said, ‘You need to hire the coach a year before you start the program.'
"Okay, I just got cussed out by Coach Osborne."
So in 2008, Iowa Western hired Scott Strohmeier, who was fresh off a turnaround of North Iowa Area Community College. With the head start in recruiting, Strohmeier and his assistants were able to put a winning program on the field in the Reivers' first season.
The rest of the process was easy. Kinney said that the school needed $670,000 in starting costs to be raised privately, and that was done in 10 days. The great fan support came as a surprise, but it makes sense in the middle of the Iowa, Iowa State, and Nebraska fan bases, two of which are among the 20 largest fan bases in the country.
"That's just it," Kinney said. "They love football."
That was evident in the stands, filled with Reiver blue with spots of Iowa yellow and Nebraska red mixed in. Nebraska had a home game, but when the Huskers aren't in Lincoln, Kinney said there are red buses parked outside the stadium to tailgate. Football, more than anything, is what has grown Iowa Western's prominence in the region.
"That's big, because before (football), they didn't even know Iowa Western existed," Kinney said. "The people that live in Omaha, Nebraska, are all Husker fans, but believe me, they're paying attention to Iowa Western football."
When the Huskers (or Cyclones or Hawkeyes) are out of town, their fans have a championship-level alternative nearby. Google Maps.
★★★
The entire city of Omaha wasn't at Titan Stadium on Saturday for the biggest JUCO game of the week. Still, the Hutchinson News' reporter called the crowd "pretty good." The stands were nearly full.
And those fans got to witness a damn fun game. Council Bluffs sits firmly in Big Ten country, but this game was anything but B1G. It had so many moments that would've made good GIFs.
The first 16 minutes had 37 points. The second score of the game came on a safety off a bad snap. Drops and blown coverages abounded. A wide receiver tore off his helmet, threw it on the ground in front of an official, screamed at said ref, and didn't get ejected. The lone field goal attempt came in the final two minutes, but was negated by a penalty in favor of the kicking team, Iowa Western, who used the opportunity to tack on yet another touchdown. That sealed a 58-34 victory for the Reivers.
When the game was over, the fans didn't rush the field over the biggest win of the season. But everyone did kind of wander onto the turf, mingling with players and coaches. You would think you were at a high school game, until you heard the question to Strohmeier from a local reporter.
"Is it time to start thinking about the national championship?"
It's a fair question, one that has become commonplace at Iowa Western, one of the best representations of the strange confluence of small-time and big-time that is JUCO football.
0 of 5
USA TODAY Sports
Steve Nash is still on the Los Angeles Lakers, and it's likely he remains in a purple-and-gold uniform throughout the 2014-15 campaign.
In fact, he may even be a starter.
Per the Los Angeles Daily News' Mark Medina, head coach Byron Scott currently has Nash working into the depth chart as a first-string point guard, suiting up alongside Kobe Bryant, Wesley Johnson, Carlos Boozer and Jordan Hill at the start of games.
It's hard to imagine the aging point guard getting more playing time in a different location, but that isn't necessarily what should be most important to him at this stage of his career.
In a perfect world, Nash would finish up the NBA portion of his life in a different locale.
Even though he's been on the Lakers for two seasons prior to this one, it still doesn't feel as though he belongs in the organization. Injuries have just prevented him from gaining too much momentum, and it's tough to picture this aged version of the former MVP over the offensively dynamic one of the past.
Even if he rebounds nicely during the 2014-15 season, thriving with the Lakers for the first time, there are still five destinations that—for various reasons we'll get to in the coming slides—stand out as better locations.
Plans to enshrine international aid spending in law are little more than a "sop" to "Guardian-reading, sandal-wearing, lentil munching liberals", a Tory MP has said.
MPs yesterday voted overwhelmingly in favour of a private members bill calling for Britain's international aid spending to be ring-fenced at 0.7 per cent of Britain's gross national income after it won support from the government.
But it was bitterly opposed by some Tory MPs, who argued that aid spending should be cut at a time of austerity.
Philip Davies, a Tory backbencher, accused Tory ministers of "abandoning their Conservative principles" and said that the progress of the bill would prevent legislation enshrining an EU referendum.
He and other Tory MPs said that the government should be ring-fencing defence spending instead of international aid.
Michael Moore, the Liberal Democrat MP who tabled the bill, said: "It is right we should do that ... but this is not simply about our moral imperative, the importance of delivering for the poorest and most disadvantaged in the world."
He won cross-party support for his proposal, which was strongly supported by Gordon Brown, the former Labour Prime Minister, who said: "Let ours today be a message that there can be hope for the future. We not only kept our promises, we kept hope alive."
Desmond Swayne, the international development minister, backed the bill. He said: "This is a matter of public policy where we hope that the rest of the world will follow us. I urge my honourable friends and honourable members of the house to support this bill."
Sir Gerald Howarth, the Tory backbencher, said: "Can he explain why he thinks this measure should be singled out whilst the defence of the realm is being cut, spending on aid has gone up by £4 million under this government alone. He is ring fencing one area of public spending, while another, defence, is allowed to go hang."
Here are deep learning demos and examples you can just download and run. No Math. No Theory. No Books.
1. Gated Conditional Pixel Convolutional Neural Network using TensorFlow
2. Value Iteration Networks using TensorFlow - Best Paper Award NIPS '16
VIN (NIPS best paper in tf https://t.co/hRJT1FFJDC)-deep CNN 7m on a (my) macpro 2.6 GHz Intel Core i5 8 GB 1600 MHz DDR3 Intel Iris 1536 MB pic.twitter.com/5I3Vn5HSRg— Sam Putnam (@samdeeplearning) February 15, 2017
3. Flappy Bird using Deep Reinforcement Learning (Deep Q-learning)
Deep reinforcement learning-drone hovers,lrns pkg sizes. Pre-trained&highly bsd on https://t.co/H7pEIjJGWX, up=1, highest Q_max <-> reward=1 pic.twitter.com/pRSsONiXn9— Sam Putnam (@samdeeplearning) February 15, 2017
4. LSTM Music Generation with Google Magenta Basic RNN
Polyphonic - two voices (two melodies from the LSTM, in this case) - sounds much better. Both were primed for the key of C. pic.twitter.com/BYETQMB10A— Sam Putnam (@samdeeplearning) March 22, 2017
5. Live Captioning using Speech APIs on iOS
Someone in a meetup said they wanted deep learning examples that they can just download and run. No Math. No Theory. No Books.It's difficult to find deep learning examples that are open source and that also run first try without stepping through dependency hell, so try this:Below are 5 models I have downloaded and started running on my MacBook Pro or AWS in under 10 minutes. All ran several days to several months ago - just download and go. They finish in between 5s (pre-trained neural networks) and several hours (GPU-intensive neural network training) time. But you've got 5 seconds, right?Please email me Sam@EnterpriseDeepLearning.com if the following doesn't work for you!Model:Demo:Paper:Model:Demo:Model:Demo (Amazon version):Model:Demo:Model:Demo:Thank you to the model creators: Sash Zats, Marc Brown, Stephen Anthony, Manuel Ruder, and Shantanu Johri.Github List:Tutorials for demos available here: https://ai-month.teachable.com/p/the-terrible-deep-learning-list-part-1-tutorials is CEO/Founder, and a Deep Learning Consultant, at Enterprise Deep Learning, LLC . He directs machine learning projects, solves clients' business problems, and trains deep neural networks on large datasets. Sam is also a contributor to the TensorFlow machine learning project and a member of the Machine Learning Society. Original . Reposted with permission.
Hyderabad: Managing internal security is going to be a major challenge for the country, National Security Advisor Ajit Doval on Saturday said as he asked the police force training and equip themselves to tackle the "fourth generation" warfare with an invisible enemy.
Speaking after reviewing the passing out parade of the 67 RR (2014 batch) of Indian Police Service (IPS) probationers at Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel National Police Academy (SVPNPA) here, Doval said India cannot become a great and powerful country without managing its internal security.
"When you retire probably from 35-37 years from now, this will be an entirely new India. This will be an India, which will be a global power and it will be a big and great India, which will have great economic challenges, great economic opportunities and which will have much greater population, more opportunities and more problems," he said.
Stating that India would face more and more internal security problems, Doval said, "You cannot have a great powerful country if you cannot manage its internal security. It is only the policemen who can fight this battle and win it. Train yourself to become powerful intellectually, emotionally and spiritually, as strong as possible you can."
"You have to master the technology. The biggest challenge will be now if you have to fight and win this fourth generation of warfare, whether it is organised crime, terrorism, insurgency or foreign powers trying to meddle into your internal affairs you have got to be demonstrative.
"From normal policing to crime detection, organised crime, management of borders, cybersecurity, banking frauds... Acquire a lot of knowledge and skills," Doval advocated.
"Now it is a war of a policeman, as civil society is mostly affected. If you win, the country wins. Many countries are collapsing with internal security problems. Only police can fight and win the battle," he said.
According to him, in the post war period, 37 countries have failed or have degraded themselves. Out of that only nine were due to external aggressions while 28 degraded themselves or became a failure because they could not manage their internal security.
"Whether it is Pakistan or even for that matter erstwhile Soviet Union," Doval pointed out adding internal security is most important.
Doval said the wars have changed their complexions.
"You are now in the phase of fourth generation war and this is a very, very difficult war. It is a warfare with an invisible enemy... It's a warfare, in which the civil society is both the battleground and the ground and the people that you have to protect," the NSA said.
He recalled that despite the force, material resources and technology, a superpower like the United States faced defeat in Vietnam, while the Soviets failed to achieve their strategic or political objective in Afghanistan.
"Because this war cannot be won by the armies. This is the war of a policeman and if you win the country wins and if you lose then the country loses. It is not the warfare for the land, for terrain.
"If your intensive systems are very good and if your awareness and connecting with the people are very high and if you have got the skills, you are the master," he said.
Doval advised the IPS officer trainees to remain constantly in the state of self-training.
"Today and from tomorrow onwards you are both the player and your coach, you are both the trainee and your trainer if you decide to do.
"But, if you think that this is the time now and the training is over and it's all laurels you can just go around and be a big man in your district you will be having a lot of honour, privileges and sometimes some problems, but then you have just stagnated there and you are adding nothing to your physical, mental and professional capability you will stagnate and you will not grow," he said.
He further called upon the trainees to "brand themselves".
"You are entering into a great future. Live up to your vision and live up to destination. There may be a conflict of interest, conflict of values, reality and perceptions, while you discharge duties. You have to rise above everything and withhold the everlasting spirit," he advised.
As many as 141 IPS Officer Trainees and 15 Foreign Officer Trainees from the Maldives, Nepal and Royal Bhutan took part in the Dikshant Parade.
The Officer Trainees include 28 women Officer Trainees.
Parthrajsinh N Gohil, an IPS Officer Trainee, who hails from Gujarat, won the Prime Minister's Baton and Home Ministry's Revolver for the Best All-round IPS Probationer.
Former UFC heavyweight champion Brock Lesnar is reportedly on the verge of a UFC comeback.
The massive pay-per-view star has not seen the inside of the cage since a TKO loss at UFC 141 in 2011.
Dave Meltzer of F4Wonline has the scoop:
Speaking of Lesnar, even though he is no longer being advertised as one of the stars on the 1/19 Raw show in Dallas, he is still booked on the card. It's a 180 from building the Raws that he was on around him as the top star to not even listing him as a top star. The Lesnar people always keep things quiet, but within the company, the belief is that he's going back to UFC, and his showing up lighter to TV last week confirmed that to people who thought it. If it wasn't for Punk, this would be a big deal, but with Punk, it's a much bigger deal because the last thing WWE wants is this perception that UFC has just grabbed two of the company's biggest stars. Lesnar is back on the 12/29 Raw in Washington, DC.
The American Booksellers for Free Expression (ABFE) has joined the American Library Association (ALA) and other library groups in urging a federal court to limit the National Security Agency's (NSA) surveillance of international electronic communications, including those relating to the purchase and use of books. On September 3, ABFE and ALA filed an amicus brief in support of an ACLU lawsuit challenging Upstream, a once-secret program that was revealed by NSA whistleblower Edward J. Snowden.
“Booksellers and librarians have been strong defenders of reader privacy. We have a strong interest in ensuring that the protections that exist in the physical world apply to digital book records,” said ABFE Director Chris Finan.
The ACLU lawsuit, which was filed in March, is a second attempt by the group to curb NSA surveillance that it claims violates the privacy rights of millions of Americans and infringes upon freedoms guaranteed by the First and Fourth Amendments. The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) filed a similar challenge, Jewel v. NSA, on behalf of AT&T customers in 2008, and the case is currently on appeal.
The ACLU's previous lawsuit, Clapper v. Amnesty International, was filed in 2008 after Congress authorized the NSA to wiretap communications between the U.S. and other countries without a search warrant. The plaintiffs in the case – attorneys and human rights, labor, legal, and media organizations – argued that the NSA spying threatened their ability to work confidentially with clients and news sources. See more here.
In a 5-4 decision in 2013, the Supreme Court dismissed the case on the grounds that the plaintiffs had been unable to demonstrate that they had been the target of surveillance and therefore lacked “standing” to sue. Snowden has said that this ruling contributed to his decision to expose certain aspects of the NSA's surveillance activity, including Upstream, a few months later.
Upstream involves the collection of virtually all digital communications, including e-mails, instant messages, web pages, voice calls, and video chats, that are transmitted by U.S. telecommunication companies between the U.S. and other countries. The NSA copies and combs through vast amounts of Internet traffic, searching for communications that contain certain sets of data, including e-mail addresses and telephone numbers, associated with people it is investigating. It is searching not only messages to and from these selectors but also any communications that mention them.
The brief filed by ABFE and ALA in support of the latest ACLU lawsuit argues that such sweeping surveillance inevitably includes the search of digital records relating to the distribution of books. “A patron's search of a library or bookseller's online collection; the purchase or reserve of physical books; the download of e-books; and the use of online reference tools – the privacy of all these interactions, and others, are invaded by government surveillance conducted on the Internet's backbone,” the brief says.
It also cites the strong commitment that booksellers and librarians have demonstrated in protecting the records of their customers and patrons, including two key legal fights waged by booksellers – the challenge to Kenneth Starr's effort to obtain Monica Lewinsky's book purchases from Kramerbooks in Washington, D.C., in 1998, and the Tattered Cover Book Store's successful effort to quash a search warrant for a customer's records in Denver in 2000-2002. See more here.
The main purpose of the amicus brief is to assist the plaintiffs in fighting a government motion to dismiss the case on the grounds that they lack standing – the same argument that led to the dismissal of the first ACLU case. The amicus brief notes that booksellers and librarians have succeeded in establishing standing in cases involving physical books and that the same status should be granted when the surveillance involves digital records affecting books.
The booksellers' and librarians' brief was filed in with the federal district court in Maryland, where the ACLU lawsuit is being heard. Since amicus briefs are unusual at the district court level, there is no guarantee that the judge will agree to receive it.
The brief was written by the Electronic Frontier Foundation. In addition to ABFE and ALA, it is signed by the Association of Research Libraries, the Freedom to Read Foundation, and the International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions.
See more here.
American Bookseller Association
Photo: National Security Administration (NSA) campus in Fort Meade, Md. The American Civil Liberties Union and other groups are suing the National Security Agency over its surveillance practices. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky, File)
Published in the Frontiers in Human Neuroscience journal in February, the study is the latest effort from the U.C.L.A. lab to determine the extent to which meditation may affect neuroplasticity — the ability of the brain to make physiological changes. Previous studies found that the brains of long-term meditators had increased amounts of so-called gray and white matter (the former is believed to be involved in processing information; the latter is thought of as the “wiring” of the brain's communication system.)
It follows other studies examining possible links between meditation and physical benefits. In 2009, for example, a study presented at an American Heart Association meeting suggested that the mental relaxation produced by meditation has physiological benefits for people with established coronary artery disease.
The U.C.L.A. study, like previous ones, is inconclusive but intriguing. “You could argue that more folds mean more neurons,” said Dr. Eileen Luders, the recent study's lead author, who practices meditation herself. “These are the processing units of the brain, and so having more might mean that you have greater cognitive capacities.”
The subjects — 28 men, 22 women — had a median age of 51 and had all been practicing meditation of various types for 20 years on average. The oldest subject was 71; the longest practitioner had been meditating regularly for 46 years.
Photo
Dr. Luders and her team used M.R.I. scans to measure the features of the subject's brains and compare them to a control group of nonmeditators.
A striking finding of the study was that the degree of cortical gyrification appeared to increase as the number of years practicing meditation increased.
“We used to believe that when you were born, your brain would grow and reach a peak in the early 20s and then start shrinking,” Dr. Luders said. “It was thought there was nothing we could do to change that.” Her research suggests that there might be. As a meditator for four years, Dr. Luders understands the degree of mental discipline involved. “People ask, ‘What do you do? Just sit there with your eyes closed?' It's actually hard work, because you have to make a constant mental effort.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Others caution that the results of these experiments do not necessarily mean that meditation conclusively caused the adaptations in the brain or that the increased folds meant improved cognitive performance for these older adults.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I don't think there's enough evidence yet to say that,” said Dr. Josephine P. Briggs, director of the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine, a part of the National Institutes of Health. But she said that challenging the brain was often cited as a good way to maintain cognitive health as people age, and meditation is indeed such a challenge.
“This is an example of learning a new mental skill,” she said. And “it's something that with practice people can get better at.” (She also noted that other studies had shown that meditation could be beneficial in pain relief).
In the 2009 study presented to the heart association, researchers followed about 200 high-risk patients for an average of five years. Among the 100 who meditated, there were 20 heart attacks, strokes and deaths; in the comparison group, there were 32. The meditators tended to remain free of disease longer and also reduced their systolic blood pressure. That study was conducted at the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee, in collaboration with the Institute for Natural Medicine and Prevention, a research institute based at the Maharishi University of Management in Fairfield, Iowa. The institute's director, Dr. Robert H. Schneider, suggested that the stress reduction produced by the meditation could cause changes in the brain that cut stress hormones like cortisol and damp the inflammatory processes associated with atherosclerosis.
Ms. Splain's practice of meditation has, over the years, deepened into something far more than a way to flex her cognitive muscles. In 1970, she became a devotee of the Queens-based Indian spiritual leader Sri Chinmoy, a vegetarian and a marathon runner, and later worked for the United Nations. Now a devout Buddhist, she is planning a trip to Tibet next year for the culmination of an intense, seven-year course of spiritual enlightenment that involves mediating three hours a day.
In 2005, at age 57, she embarked on a rigorous graduate program in the interdisciplinary approach to schooling known as Waldorf education. Working full time and taking classes at night, she finished the program at Sunbridge Institute in Spring Valley, N.Y., in three years. She retired from her United Nations job in 2008 and teaches in the early childhood program at the Waldorf School of Garden City on Long Island. She credits the discipline developed through four decades of meditation for her ability to handle the intellectual workload of graduate school — and begin a second career at age 60.
“The mentor of our master's program acknowledged the challenge of doing this while working full time,” she said. “But when I was able to hand in an 80-page thesis well ahead of the class, he attributed it to the fact that, quote, ‘She's a meditator.' ”
Father's Day is when we honour those who fulfil fatherly roles in our lives. That father figure is often associated with strength, symbolized by slabs of beef steak on the barbecue — the rarer the steak, the “manlier” it is.
But is perpetuating this version of manliness doing any good for those aging fatherly bodies? What ethics do we reflect when we celebrate by mindlessly eating body parts of animals, arguably more intelligent than our pets, animals who wanted to live every bit as much as our beloved dogs?
Canada has 14 million beef cattle, three million of them killed each year for human consumption. Although their natural lifespan is 20 to 25 years, they are typically slaughtered at just 18 months. In their short lives, they endure third degree burns when branded with a hot metal rod against their skin; they suffer from painful castration, dehorning and ear-notching — all without anesthetic. If we wouldn't subject our pets to such procedures without anesthetics, why do we support industries which do this routinely to other animals? Why do we even tolerate this?
Cows, in fact, are sensitive, intelligent animals who can recognize up to 100 individuals and form lifelong bonds with members of their herds. At just several months old, the human equivalent of toddlers, calves are sent to feedlots, where they live in crowded, often filthy conditions. To fatten them quickly, they are fed grain and soy instead of their natural diet of grasses. This causes bloating, often resulting in diarrhea, thus making cattle a prime source of pathogenic E. coli.
After a year of gaining weight, they are sent to slaughter. That journey from the feedlot to the slaughterhouse can take up to 52 hours — without food, water, or rest — even in extreme weather. There, they line up to face their impending deaths on the conveyor belt. If improperly stunned — an all too common reality — they may have their throats slit, skin removed and feet cut off while fully conscious. When we throw that steak on the barbecue, inevitably we take part in all of this.
Why do we do it?
Culture, tradition, peer pressure, and palette pleasure. We want to fit in and don't even want to think of who we are eating. Because when we do, we catch a glimpse of our depravity. Wouldn't it be manlier to face up to our actions and initiate a change for the better? Why not emulate the best traits of strong male characters depicted in movies by the likes of Clint Eastwood and George Clooney — characters who stand up for what is morally right?
Drop animals from your diet. The results will all be positive: improved human health, dramatically reduced environmental degradation, a reduction in the number of animals killed for food each year (which, shockingly, is 64 billion worldwide).
Some of the largest, strongest animals in the world — elephants, rhinoceros, buffaloes and gorillas — are plant-eaters. In fact, those slabs of meat on the barbecue came from powerful creatures who grew their muscles eating plants! Our guts are much more like those of herbivores than those of most omnivores or carnivores. Humans are capable of getting all our protein from plants. Just ask Germany's strongest man Patrik Baboumian, bodybuilder Jim Morris, and triathlete winner Brendan Brazier.
Tesla's Model S has become one of the most desirable cars in the country, so Elon Musk's company ramped up production to the tune of 50,000 cars a year. That means more materials and, inevitably, more waste. With that waste comes opportunity, which is why Tesla is using the leftover leather from all the upholstery to make iPhone cases.
Yes, for $45, Tesla will let you wrap your iPhone 6 or 6 Plus with leather that was originally supposed to pad your bottom. (Or your back, I guess.) That's actually not a bad deal! Leather cases typically run close to the $50 mark as it is. Toss in another $5, and Tesla will add some credit card slots to the case, too. (The company claims that this version is capable of protecting against RFID readers as well.)
Also, Peruvian scarves made of 100 percent Alpaca fiber
The cases are stamped with Tesla's name and logo, which — despite the all-black look — are not totally subtle. But they're far from the strangest object of brand loyalty sold by the company. There's a Peruvian scarf made from 100 percent Alpaca fiber ("sustainably sourced," in case you were worried), a Tesla golf towel, and leather driving gloves that also work with touchscreens. The crown jewel, though, is also made from leftover leather: this $300 "Aurland" tote bag, named after the location of one of the company's car charging stations in Norway, of course.
On Wednesday, Facebook user Jan Shedd stewed in frustration over the curvaceousness of a stunning reporter.
Apparently, ABC Dallas recently hired voluptuous and beautiful traffic ensemble reporter Demetria Obilor — affectionately known as #TrafficBae — and the middle-aged White woman is up in arms over it.
On Friday, Twitter user Mother of Draggings posted Shedd's saltiness for all of Black Twitter to see.
Jan is big mad. Don't be like Jan. pic.twitter.com/ytAKJHMXBy — Thicky Valencourt (@fabfreshandfly) November 3, 2017
“Has anyone seen channel 8's new morning traffic reporter,” Shedd wrote on Facebook. “She's a size 16/18 woman in a size 6 dress. She looks ridiculous. I understand that when I watch Channel 8 I'm going to get biased reporting and political correctness, but clearly they have taken complete leave of their senses.”
Any viewer could see Jan's standards of dress probably weren't as prevalent as the level of hating that was taking place. So Black Twitter took it upon itself to speak truth to the source of Jan's true indignation and celebrate Obilor's beauty.
Demetria is a whole seasoned Thanksgiving meal and Jan is mad she's a leftover tuna casserole https://t.co/SK0JiXUgz0 — Sam 💖 (@hoodcuIture) November 3, 2017
She's big mad. And Demetria ain't no damn size 18 lmao. https://t.co/oIGswVittn — 35mm Papi (@fka_nerdferg) November 3, 2017
Let her be jealous I mean mad.. I'm watching channel 8 now, wanna see Demetria do the traffic or anything they want her to do. You go gurl — 🎧Jose De La Roca🎤 (@dadwithoutadad) November 3, 2017
This is precisely how women of color are treated in the workplace wearing the same exact shit the white girls have on. pic.twitter.com/kAhRs0zX9B — N. (@HoneyBadger10) November 3, 2017
Even Chance the Rapper had to get in on the conversation.
This is my city and no complaints here… I get up faithfully every morning to watch the traffic now. #hateuscuztheyaintus — aKEMPnameSlickback (@KEMPSAIDWHAT) November 3, 2017
Obilar posted a video to Twitter on Friday where she thanked social media users who fended off the Shedd's negativity.
Addressing the haters, showing love to my ppl 💗 and thank you @chancetherapper 💯 pic.twitter.com/ks2cTSuLLe — Demetria Obilor (@DemetriaObilor) November 3, 2017
The Texas woman later claimed Obilor's ethnicity was of no relevance to her disgust and said the “racist mafia” was being too critical.
Nice try, Jan. Again, you can't be us. Make peace with it.
The Ruhr valley region is known as a stronghold of Germany's center-left Social Democratic Party (SPD). In some municipalities the SPD could, in the past, regularly count on getting over 60 percent of the vote in state elections. But there is an increasing amount of people in Europe's densest metropolitan area who are critical of the SPD's politics. This is where most of the losers of the Agenda 2010 labor market reforms live. Many of them were core constituents. But even those not facing unemployment or social decline have begun to have problems with the party.
One such voter is naturopath Henryk Burghammer, from Duisburg. He is interested in politics and has gone public with his resentment. He talks about the problems in his area of the city, which is marked by poverty, decay and failed integration. He was even invited to the "election arena" where top candidates presented their political parties on television.
Burghammer says politicians aren't doing enough
The event confirmed his prejudices: "What did they talk about for the first half an hour? About diesel-fueled vehicles! As if we didn't have any other problems." For 46-year-old Burghammer, a much more pressing problem is the influx of ethnic Roma people from Eastern Europe. He describes a family with eight children who went out in the streets in winter without shoes.
A second major problem, believes Burghammer, is part of the Turkish community, many of whom appear to be supporters of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. After Erdoğan's recent victory in the constitutional referendum, they drove through the streets waiving flags with symbols of the fascist Grey Wolf organization, he said.
Now he has had enough of the SPD. "The Social Democratic Party has been in power for around 40 years and has done nothing. Look at how things are around here: the roads are falling apart, there is criminal violence!"
Listening to Burghammer, the arguments come to mind that have been presented by the right-wing populist party, Alternative for Germany (AfD). Yet he vehemently denies any such connection. "I would never vote for them," said Burghammer, who for many years he has been a left-wing voter. "But what has been happening here for years in Duisburg makes me angry."
Many of the roads in the Ruhr area are in need of repair
Cities developed through culture
A change of scene: On the broken streets we travel over to Oberhausen to speak with Hajo Sommers. He was born here and is the president of the football team Rot-Weiss Oberhausen, as well as the local cultural manager. He runs the cabaret and comedy center, Ebertbad, which is famous across Germany. This is quite significant for a city such as Oberhausen, which otherwise has relatively little culture on offer.
For Sommers, many politicians are just self-serving. One of the main problems with the political situation in North Rhine-Westphalia (NRW), he believes, has been trying to sell the Ruhr area as a metropolis that could compete with other international cities, such as Paris, London or Berlin.
Sommer wants more cultural development in the Ruhr area
"Nothing is going to change unless there is finally a decent local public transport system put in place, until the parochial thinking of individual cities is eliminated and a there is a push for some decent cultural promotion as an engine for development," says Sommers. He thinks that every municipality in the Ruhr area should have a district manager working to promote culture. In order draw more creative people to the area, they should make local shops available as art galleries, cafes and event locations.
More action needed
SPD party member, and secretary of the Mining, Chemical and Energy Industries Union (IGBCE), Armando Dente, also thinks there have been deficiencies at the state political level. "The SPD must have a clear concept. Why is it not completely free to go to daycare?" He also thinks that too little has been done with regard to social housing.
Dente wants investment in the energy sector
Dente has problems with his party on the federal level as well. What bothers him most are the energy policies. "The union (IGBCE) is totally behind renewable energy, but at the moment, the many intensive energy-using industries can only function through using a variety of energy sources. The SPD must be committed to the industrial state of North Rhine-Westphalia." It is an area that has been traditionally characterized by heavy industry, like coal and steel. But it has been facing a crisis for the last 70 years and not everyone who lost their job with restructuring has been able to strike it lucky in another sector.
Dente travels a lot around North Rhine-Westphalia. "There is one traffic jam after the other, because there is so much road work going on - finally!" In his opinion there has been too little investment in infrastructure in the past.
But on the topic of the AfD, Dente is quite clear: not an option: "They contradict the fundamentals of what a trade union stands for, which is solidarity."
Lateral thinking on policy
Sonja Bongers is new to the political arena. She is standing for the SPD in Oberhausen, hoping to win a seat in state parliament. Her chances are not bad. Bongers, who runs her own law firm, embodies a political generation that is keen to get involved and get things moving. Her professional independence is important to her, and she is not shy of confrontation. "I don't have to do this. I have a fulfilling career. Contrary to others, I do not work for the city council or the party," she says.
Bongers is hoping to launch her political career with the SPD
The new candidate is also aware of the failures within the SPD: "It's true that some members have lost touch with the people." She, however, is confronted with the problems in the Ruhr area on a daily basis: unemployment, frustration with the job center. "My motivation has been to revive the old key issue of the SPD, to push again for 'social justice.'"
In order to do this she hopes to tackle issues on a small scale. "Many think that people receiving social security don't want to do anything. But that accounts for perhaps 5 to 10 percent." Bongers believes that most people want to work, but have missed out on the chance due to a lack of education or illness. "Most people don't want to sit around at home. They feel better when they work and they set a good example for their children."
Bongers is hoping to get 45 percent of the vote, which would be enough to win a seat in government. In earlier days, the SPD could count on over 60 percent. But those days are over.
When it comes to superhero properties, Warner Bros. couldn't be sitting on a more enviable source: DC Comics, home to Batman, Superman and other well-known caped crusaders.
But to make its heroes fly at the megaplex, the studio knows it needs to make the right movies. The financial payoff is too big to squander with a creative misfire like “Catwoman.”
“They can really be an evergreen source of enjoyment and income,” says studio topper Alan Horn, referring to the coin a hit pic can collect at the B.O. and from sources like TV, homevid, vidgames and merchandise. The studio earned $1 billion from DC fare alone in 2005, when “Batman Begins” was released. “If you do it wrong, you're dead, you're out of there.”
Getting out there, however, has taken time.
Warners and DC (both Time Warner entities) have labored in vain over another Superman, and launches for Wonder Woman, The Flash, Green Arrow and Green Lantern. It's maddening for fans as rival Marvel Comics has successfully begun financing its own slate of pics, first with “Iron Man,” then a reboot of “The Incredible Hulk” this summer.
That could soon change, as Warners is readying to revamp how DC's properties are developed — changes that could be announced within the next month.
DC doesn't have a separate film division the way rival Marvel does, which is moving forward with an “Iron Man” sequel and adaptations of Thor, Captain America and the superhero team-up “The Avengers” for 2010 and 2011.
That means Warners doesn't have a sole cheerleader for its comicbook projects, or someone to work closely with filmmakers to develop them.
Until now, those duties have been shared by production prexy Jeff Robinov and Gregory Noveck, senior VP of creative affairs for DC Comics, who has served as a liaison between the comicbook publisher and the studio.
Some say Robinov's attention may be pulled in too many directions, given his other responsibilities, which include the rest of the studio's slate and marketing. Noveck formerly was Joel Silver's TV topper.
“We're having a lot of internal discussions on it,” Horn says. “We haven't committed to any change at DC at this point,” adding that both Warners and DC are committed to turning “the properties into viable movie product in an intelligent way so that we introduce them like planes on a runway. They have to be set up the right way and lined up the right way and all take off one at a time and fly safe and fly straight.”
One high-profile property is “Justice League,” which Warner Bros. had hoped would start production before the writers strike.
But given that it unites Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, the Flash, Green Arrow, Aquaman and Martian Manhunter, the studio is trying to figure out how such the pic (cast with younger actors) would affect its existing Batman and Superman franchises — and whether the script respects how the characters play off each other in the DC universe.
To put it simply: the studio doesn't want to piss off the Comic-Con contingent.
“We're not off the notion of a Justice League,” Robinov says. “There's a massive interest and knowledge in the comicbook industry and it takes time to sort of catch up and understand the characters and the history, where they've intersected with each other and what their worlds are. That's part of the education that we're going through.”
When it comes to Batman, the future of the franchise is in Christopher Nolan's hands. That's what a successful reboot with “Batman Begins” and breaking records with “The Dark Knight” will do.
There's a deal for the director to helm a third pic, but he has yet to decide on whether to tackle it yet.
“We have no idea where Chris is going with this,” Horn says. “We haven't had any conversations with him about it.”
Either way, there's no question Warner Bros. will produce more superhero pics. The question is when.
“These are big, iconic characters,” Noveck says. “So when you make them into a movie, you'd better be shooting for a pretty high standard. You're not always going to reach it, but you have to be shooting for it. We're going to make a Justice League movie, whether it's now or 10 years from now. But we're not going to do it and Warners is not going to do it until we know it's right.”
Dave McNary and David S. Cohen contributed to this report.
Nigerian soldiers man a checkpoint in Gwoza, Nigeria, in April 2015, when the town was newly liberated from Boko Haram. AP Photo/Lekan Oyekanmi ABUJA (Reuters) — Nigeria's army has captured a key Boko Haram camp, the Islamist militant group's last enclave in the vast northeastern Sambisa forest that was its stronghold, President Muhammadu Buhari said on Saturday.
Boko Haram has killed 15,000 people and displaced more than two million during its seven-year insurgency to create an Islamic state governed by a strict interpretation of sharia law in the northeast of Africa's most populous nation.
The jihadist group controlled an area in the northeast around the size of Belgium in early 2015 but has been pushed out of most of that territory over the last year by Nigeria's army and troops from neighbouring countries, moving to a base in the Sambisa forest, a former colonial game reserve.
"I was told by the Chief of Army Staff that the camp fell at about 1:35pm on Friday, December 23, and that the terrorists are on the run, and no longer have a place to hide," Buhari said in an emailed statement.
Buhari said the capture of Camp Zero marked the "final crushing of Boko Haram terrorists in their last enclave in Sambisa forest", which is in northeast Nigeria's Borno state.
It follows a large-scale offensive in the forest by the Nigerian military in the last few weeks. Reuters was unable to independently verify whether the camp had been captured.
The military has said in the last few days that Boko Haram fighters are running away from the forest into surrounding areas and people have been told to be vigilant.
If your valuation models use forward estimates rather than twelve-month trailing data, you're doing it wrong. Why? As we discussed in Quantitative Value, analysts are consistently too optimistic about the future, and so systematically overestimate forward earnings figures.
They are consistently, systematically, predictably ignorant of mean-reverting base rates. As we wrote in the book:
Exceptions to the long pattern of excessively optimistic forecasts are rare. Only in 1995 and 2004 to 2006, when strong economic growth generated earnings that caught up with earlier predictions, do forecasts actually hit the mark. When economic growth accelerates, the size of the forecast error declines; when economic growth slows, it increases.
This chart from JP Morgan Asset Management as of a week ago shows the chronic overestimation of operating earnings:
The chart comes via Zero Hedge, where they ask, “Is the market cheap?” My answer is not on the basis of the Shiller PE, which stands at 23.7 versus the long run arithmetic mean of 16.47 or around 40 percent overvalued. Neither is it cheap on the basis of Tobin's q. Smither's & Co. has it at 44 percent overvalued on the basis of q, and they note:
As at 12th March, 2013 with the S&P 500 at 1552 the overvaluation by the relevant measures was 57% for non-financials and 65% for quoted shares. Although the overvaluation of the stock market is well short of the extremes reached at the year ends of 1929 and 1999, it has reached the other previous peaks of 1906, 1936 and 1968.
How about the single year P/E ratio as reported? The S&P 500 TTM P/E stands at 18 versus the long run mean of 15.49. But it's cool because the “E” is growing, right? Err, no. The “E” peaked in February last year (see Standard & Poor's current S&P 500 Earnings, go to “Download Index Data,” and select “Index Earnings”). The multiple will now have to expand just to keep the market where it is. You have to do this sort of acrobatics to get it going up:
Margins are now going to bounce free of the wreckage like those few lucky souls who remember to assume the brace position before the plane hits the ground, even though the as reported rolled over a year ago (I hope Denzel Washington is flying this plane).
So how is it cheap?
It's at 14.5 on the basis of twelve-month forward operating earnings estimates versus a long run mean of 15.49. You gotta do what you gotta do to get the Muppets to buy.
Good luck with that.
Advertisements
Dec. 16, 2016, 5:58 PM GMT / Updated Dec. 16, 2016, 5:58 PM GMT By Agnes Constante
Six Asian-American comedians will take the stage this February for "Comedy InvAsian," a live stand-up series slated to be produced for digital video.
Created by producer Koji Steven Sakai and director Quentin Lee in partnership with film production and distribution company Viva Pictures, the series will take place in Los Angeles' Japanese American National Museum (JANM) and came about partly in response to a lack of Asian Americans on television, Sakai told NBC News.
“I think it's important to show that we can be funny too,” he said. “So I think that 'Comedy InvAsian' is our opportunity to show that we're not just studious.”
Sakai notes that the comedians themselves are a diverse group, including Kollaboration founder and Laugh Factory veteran Paul Kim, Filipino-American comedian Joey Guila, Japanese-American comedian Atsuko Okatsuka, transgender Vietnamese-American comedian Robin Tran, gay Chinese-Canadian comedy songwriter Kevin Yee, and Japanese-American actress and comedian Amy Hill.
“We knew the minute they hatched this idea, this was great because these comedians are funny. They happen to be Asian, but they're funny comedians.”
The comedians will perform one-hour specials at JANM in February, and each segment will be filmed and distributed digitally at a later date.
“We knew the minute they hatched this idea, this was great because these comedians are funny,” Victor Elizade, president of Viva Pictures, told NBC News. “They happen to be Asian, but they're funny comedians. That's the core. You have to be funny, and they bring a unique twist.”
Elizalde said he is particularly proud of the diversity of the comedians in the show's pilot season, an intentional decision to help gauge what clicks well with audiences.
“Some of the comedians are relatively clean, some are much more edgy,” he said. “We're not sure what's going to work here and I think that represents the Asian community. It's very diverse within itself, and so this will showcase that.”
"Comedy InvAsian" is slated to run one season, but Sakai said he hopes to continue the series and provide more opportunities for Asian-American comedians.
The series has yet to be ordered by a television networks or streaming service, but Elizade said Viva Pictures will be able to get "Comedy InvAsian" on platforms like iTunes and Vudu. He added that Viva will also push to get the series into Walmart and will reach out to all its typical customers to expand its distribution.
“I think it's important to show that we can be funny too. So I think that 'Comedy InvAsian' is our opportunity to show that we're not just studious.”
The company is currently distributing “The Unbidden,” a film directed by Lee. It also co-produced a Spanish stand-up comedy series called “Sigue La Risa.”
“We've had urban comedy for a long time and that does well. And now we've had Spanish-speaking comedians, and that's gone mainstream,” Elizade said.“There's a huge audience for '[Comedy InvAsian]'.”
Ticket prices and dates for the series have yet to be finalized, but will be published on the "Comedy InvAsian" website in the coming weeks, Sakai said.
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Tumblr.
Sharks captain Joe Thornton is one of only three players in NHL history, alongside Wayne Gretzky and Mario Lemieux, to record consecutive 90-assist seasons. He's a former scoring leader and MVP and will likely find himself in the Hall Of Fame once his career is over. One thing he hasn't done, however, is score four goals in a game like his 19-year-old teammate Tomas Hertl accomplished on Tuesday night. Given his planned celebration, this is a national tragedy. From Jason Botchford of The Province:
Hearing a question to Marleau about Hertl and whether he was showboating, Thornton said: "Shut up, have you ever played the game?" When the press turned his way, he then added: "I'd have my cock out if I scored four goals. I'd have my cock out, stroking it."
And that's why Thornton is the captain of an NHL team and we aren't. I can't think of any better way to respond to the ridiculous and, unfortunately, all-too-predictable outcry in the wake of Hertl's incredible fourth goal than Thornton's comments. Well, maybe if he had pulled out little Jumbo right there in the press scrum as a visual aid to parallel the self-righteous wankfest criticizing Hertl's move.
In case you missed it, Capitals coach and resident grouch Adam Oates whined earlier today that Hertl's between-the-legs goal "disrespected the league" while totally-respectable-and-not-at-all-a-laughingstock Toronto Star columnist Damien Cox went on an anti-Hertl Twitter screed. Yes, it isn't the fact that the league sanctions dudes punching each other in the head that makes a mockery of the sport. And it isn't the NHL's repeated tactic of losing months of their season at a time to greed-induced lockouts that sullies the reputation of the game. It's a talented, exuberant teenager displaying dazzling skill that's killing hockey. Sensible commentary from the Defenders Of The Game as usual.
Thornton's response to all this is pitch-perfect and, to the extent that a "C" on a sweater means anything anymore, exactly what a captain should do in coming to the defense of his teenage linemate. The only downside is this:
Luckily, based on his career goal scoring rate, Joe Thornton has about 0.02% chance at a 4-goal night. — Neil Greenberg (@ngreenberg) October 10, 2013
So you're saying there's a chance. At this point, what I really want to know is how other Sharks would react to scoring four goals. Given what we know about his browser history, I assume Logan Couture's isn't far off from Thornton's. I'd like to imagine Patrick Marleau would celebrate by making himself a warm glass of chocolate milk.
After six months of courtship, Ohio's top cornerback prospect, Amir Riep, is a Buckeye.
Riep, a four-star talent for Colerain in Cincinnati, committed to Ohio State at a ceremony at his high school Saturday – his 18th birthday – selecting Urban Meyer and the Buckeyes over Michigan State, Alabama, Florida State, LSU and a host of other suitors.
The Riep File
Class: 2017
2017 Size: 5-11/185
5-11/185 Pos: Defensive Back
Defensive Back School: Colerain (Cincinnati)
Colerain (Cincinnati) Composite Rating: ★★★★
★★★★ Composite Rank: 15 (CB)
“I'd like to thank all of the coaches at the universities and the fans who wanted me to keep my academics and play the sport I love at their university,” Riep said from the podium at his ceremony. “With all of that being said, after my senior year at Colerain high school playing with my brothers, I will continue my academic and football career at the Ohio State University.”
The gathered crowd then erupted in thunderous applause.
Riep is considered a top-15 defensive back nationally, with excellent wheels and vision as a defender.
Dating back to the start of this year, the Buckeye State's No. 3 prospect may have been one of the hottest targets in the country. The Buckeyes extended an offer in late January and since that time, Riep picked up a slew of new offers, which now totals 48 from anyone and everyone who matters in college football.
Before Ohio State tossed its hat into the ring, Michigan State led for the services of the 5-foot-11, 185-pound defensive back. The Spartans extended an offer last October, days after Riep made his second unofficial visit to East Lansing, and leveraged the fact that they were the only power program really in on the prospect to build up rapport.
And then Ohio State entered the fray.
Blessed!! To receive offer from THE OHIO STATE UNIVERSITY pic.twitter.com/ZnK5XJldWF — Amir Riep (@Riep_Amir) January 31, 2016
Riep received his Buckeye offer after participating in Ohio State's “Junior Day.”
Not long after, Riep began to garner serious national attention, seeing new offers come in on a seemingly daily basis. Schools like Alabama, Auburn, Georgia, LSU, Florida, Michigan, USC and Notre Dame all entered the picture with offers for the versatile defensive back.
The Colerain product made numerous visits to Columbus throughout the spring and summer – each time warming up more to Urban Meyer and his staff. Riep stopped by the June 17 one-day camp at Ohio State and was, of course, back for Friday Night Lights at Ohio Stadium.
Prior to his trip up I-71 North for FNL, Riep was scheduled to make final visits to Alabama and Michigan State earlier in the week, but both of those visits were cancelled and the Spartans quickly offered another class of 2017 cornerback.
Riep, who is expected to play corner for the Buckeyes, has the size, speed, and range to play free safety or cornerback. He had seven interceptions last season and took home the Greater Miami Conference Defensive Player of the Year honors. His performance on the camp circuit this spring and summer also earned him a trip to Nike's The Opening earlier this month.
For the Buckeyes, Kerry Coombs has had his eye on this one for some time now, and the relationship with the long-time Colerain head coach is a big reason so many had the Buckeyes on top from the minute they extended an offer.
The 16th commitment in the class of 2017, Riep joins Shaun Wade, Marcus Williamson, Isaiah Pryor, and athlete Brendon White in what is almost certain to be the nation's top defensive back haul. Greg Schiano and Kerry Coombs are still looking to add one or two more to the secondary as the focus now will be on Texas's Jeffrey Okudah (Grand Prairie) and Pennsylvania's Lamont Wade (Clairton).
Stay tuned to Eleven Warriors for more on Amir Riep's commitment.
December 20, 2011 5:41 pm ET — Kate Conway
Sen. Ron Johnson (R-WI) appeared on Fox News this afternoon to complain about what he called the "stupid debate" over the payroll tax cut extension. While most members of Congress — Republicans and Democrats alike-have come around to the idea that a one-year extension of the payroll tax holiday is an economic necessity, Johnson isn't one to succumb to peer pressure — or expert analysis. Johnson, who, needless to say, wasn't one of the 39 Republican senators to vote in favor of the Senate's overwhelmingly bipartisan two-month compromise bill, doesn't want the tax cut to be extended at all.
Confronted by host Neil Cavuto over the conflicting positions the GOP has taken regarding extending the Bush tax cuts and extending the payroll tax cut, Johnson ends up with a self-contradictory hodge-podge of talking points:
JOHNSON: Now, I don't want to increase taxes to anybody, but we could certainly target some kind of tax relief to middle, to lower-income workers and not further bankrupt Social Security. CAVUTO: Where was this resolve, though, there are many other Republicans who share this, when it came to extending the Bush tax cuts? JOHNSON: Well, again, remember, the payroll tax was supposed to be a temporary reduction for one year. And that's the problem with any kind of temporary tax, is every time you go to increase it you're going to cause economic harm. So that's one of the reasons you've got to be very careful when you start lowering taxes. [...] The Bush tax cuts average about $150 billion per year, and the argument moving forward is, should you be increasing taxes, certainly with an incredibly weak economy, and I don't think we should. So I don't want to increase taxes. The number-one component of a solution, Neil, is economic growth. You don't want to do anything to harm that. But at the same time, you have to take a look at the fiscal condition of our overall government as well as the entitlement programs like Social Security.
Watch:
The most dishonest part of Johnson's argument is his suggestion that the Bush tax cuts weren't temporary. While Republicans may have always intended for the Bush tax cuts to endure, banking on the political difficulty of raising taxes, they wrote the legislation such that the tax cuts were scheduled to expire after a decade. It's a longer span of time, but it's the same process applied to the payroll tax holiday, which expires at the end of the year.
Despite Cavuto's skepticism, Johnson seems to have no problem talking out of both sides of his mouth: Don't increase taxes in "an incredibly weak economy," he argues, but it's okay to let the payroll tax expire. The payroll tax cut can expire because it was supposed to be "temporary," he suggests, but that logic need not be applied to his party's tax breaks for the rich.
A 7-month-old boy is dead after he was hit by an SUV this afternoon as his father pushed him in a stroller along a road in Mifflin Township. According to Chief Deputy Jim Gilbert of the Franklin County Sheriff's Office, the two were walking north on Westerville Road when they were hit by the SUV just before 5 p.m. The woman who was driving veered off the road, Gilbert said, hitting a mailbox, then the man and his son.
Police aren't sure why an SUV struck a manashe pushed his 7-month-old son in a stroller alongsideWesterville Road,killing the child.
"The infant is confirmed deceased,"Chief Deputy Jim Gilbert of the Franklin County Sheriff's Office said more than an hour after thecrash just before 5 p.m. Thursday in Mifflin Township.
Late Thursday night, the sheriff's office identified that baby as Micah Ferebee, and his father as Kenan M. Ferebee, 23, of the South Side.
Authorities said that Mr. Ferebee initially refused treatment himself and went with his child to Nationwide Children's Hospital, where the baby died a short time later. Since then, Mr. Ferebee has been taken to OhioHealth Grant Medical Center, where he was in critical condition Thursday night.
Gilbert said they're still investigating to see whether something �alcohol, drugs, texting,distracted driving, illness – causedthewoman who was drivingthe SUV to go off the road.The sheriff's office said she is Muhuba A. Mohamed, 31, of Columbus, and that she wasn't hurt.
No charges had been filed as of Thursday night.
Kristin Dixonrushed to the crash site on Westerville Road, just north of Innis Road, after herbest friend called her frantic, saying she'd just witnessed the baby get hit.
"She saw the baby fly out of the stroller," saidDixon. "The baby's shoes flew off.
"She was on the phone with me. She was crying, hysterical."
Mohamed,deputies said, was driving north on Westerville Road when she veered off the right side of the road and struck a mailbox, then the father and stroller containing the child. She came to rest against a house on Westerville Road.
She was cooperating with police, Gilbert said, and was being interviewedat the scene. That portion of Westerville Road was closed for more than two hours as police investigated.
kperry@dispatch.com
@kimballperry
The open Web is a great platform for rich applications. It would be even better if it had additional capabilities to ease discovery, acquisition, installation and use of apps, while also enabling monetization for developers. We designed and built a prototype of a system for open Web apps: Apps built using HTML/CSS/JavaScript that work both on computers and mobile phones, have many of the characteristics that users find compelling about native apps and provide developers with open and flexible distribution options.
Today, we are releasing technical documentation of the proposed system and a developer preview prototype that allows you to install, manage and launch Web apps in any modern desktop or mobile browser (Firefox 3.6 and later, Firefox for mobile, Internet Explorer 8, Chrome 6, Safari 5, Opera 10 and WebKit mobile). This prototype provides a simple mechanism to support paid apps and authentication features to allow apps to log users in upon launch.
The design proposed here provides the following capabilities and enables a new category of what we call “Open Web Apps” — apps that are truly of the Web.
Open Web Apps:
Are built using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
Can be “installed” to a dashboard within your mobile or desktop Web browser, or to your native OS desktop or mobile home screen.
Work in all modern Web browsers, while enabling each browser to compete on app presentation, organization and management user interfaces.
Support paid apps by means of an authorization model that uses existing identity systems like OpenID.
Support portable purchases: An app purchased for one browser works in other browsers, and across multiple desktop and mobile platforms without repurchase.
Can request access to one or more advanced and/or privacy-sensitive capabilities that they would like access to (like geolocation) which the system will mediate, giving the user the ability to opt in to them if desired.
Can be distributed by developers directly to users without any gatekeeper, and distributed through multiple stores, allowing stores to compete on customer service, price, policies, app discoverability, ratings, reviews and other attributes.
Can receive notifications from the cloud.
Support deep search across apps: Apps can implement an interface that enables the app container (generally the Web browser) to provide the user with a cross-app search experience that links deeply into any app that can satisfy the search.
Check out this demo to see more about our Open Web App prototype:
Please join us in exploring this Open Web App concept. Head over to the Mozilla Labs forum, leave a comment here and follow the Mozilla Labs blog for updates. As with everything Mozilla does, we're developing this prototype and design for the public benefit in the open and we look forward to making this concept a reality.
Open Web App Ecosystem FAQ
Nissan Motorsport's Todd Kelly is eagerly looking forward to another year of V8 Supercar racing behind the wheel of his number seven Altima, which continues with carsales.com.au as the major sponsor.
For 2016 the car's livery has been lightly refreshed and will make its debut at the first round. The new look has been created by Melbourne-based graphic designer Tim Pattinson, who steered clear of major changes for the Altima's graphics.
"One of the features, particularly visible on the roof, is the use of silver that changes to white in bright light. So to have a car that changes throughout a race is pretty cool. But overall, why change something that isn't broken?" Pattinson observed.
After a mixed year in 2015, Kelly is optimistic that his team will perform well in 2016.
"I'm excited to get back into the carsales Racing Nissan Altima; it still looks awesome," says Kelly. "This is the first time we've ever had the opportunity to start a season in carsales colours, so to be able to complete a full season with them is great.
"We've avoided any dramas in the off-season and as a result this is the most prepared we've been in the whole time we've been operating as Kelly Racing and now Nissan Motorsport. We've certainly got the team behind us to do it and everyone here at Nissan Motorsport has a really good feeling heading into the season."
The V8 Supercars season kicks off with the Clipsal 500 in Adelaide, March 3-6.
A number of fires burning along in Saskatchewan have left the sky over Winnipeg hazy.
According to Environment Canada, a west wind is pushing smoke from fires burning in Saskatchewan into Manitoba.
A smoky haze sat over Winnipeg Monday after smoke from forest fires in Saskatchewan blew into the city. (Trevor Brine/CBC) A number of smaller fires are burning near the border between Saskatchewan and Manitoba, but bigger forest fires are burning in central Saskatchewan.
Winnipeg's air quality rating was upgraded to a "moderate risk" on Monday afternoon. That was expected to continue into Monday night.
"Even if the general population is not affected, the very young, the very old, some health conditions like, you know if you have lung disease or cardiovascular issues, obviously having smoke in the air is not good," said Natalie Hasell, a meteorologist with Environment Canada. "Most people can probably still enjoy their outdoor activities, but it's kind of borderline."
The Manitoba Lung Association's Margaret Bernhardt-Lowdon said the smoke may have people with asthma or cardiovascular conditions struggling to breathe.
She said people with breathing problems should stay indoors.
"Turn on the air-conditioning. Make sure your windows and doors are shut. Make sure you are cool, so drink lots of cold liquids. Water is the best bet and take your medication as prescribed," Bernhardt-Lowdon said.
She said to keep an eye on people at risk for warning signs they may need to go to a hospital.
"If their medication isn't working when it normally does, if they're very short of breath and having chest pains they should definitely go," she said.
Melanie Zebrynski has asthma and said she couldn't function properly because of breathing problems.
"It just made my chest really tight with my asthma. I've had to use my puffer twice as much as normal," said Zebrynski. "It's really hard to breathe."
Ima Ekanem said she was caught off guard by all of the smoke.
"I've been coughing a lot today, because I've been out running errands," said Ekanem.
CBC Meteorologist John Sauder said winds will change tomorrow, and the skies should clear then.
New Delhi: A liquefied natural gas (LNG) import terminal being set up at Dhamra in Odisha and a long distance gas highway will help attract about ₹ 51,000 crore investments into Eastern India, Indian Oil Corp. which is implementing the LNG terminal project with the Adani Group said in a late-night statement on Saturday.
Oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan performed a ceremony at the location marking the project's commencement.
Gas imported through this terminal will feed city gas distribution in seven cities in the region, four fertilizer plants that are being revived and a host of other industries through the 2,540-km-long Jagdishpur-Haldia-Bokaro-Dhamra pipeline.
These projects together will bring investments of ₹ 51,000 crore to eastern India's economy, the IOC statement said. The project cost of the terminal alone is ₹ 6,000 crore.
The Jagdishpur-Dhamra pipeline has a project cost of ₹ 12,940 crore, while city gas distribution projects will cost ₹ 6,000 crore and the revival of state-owned fertilizer plants at Gorakhpur, Barauni, Sindri and Talcher will bring investment of ₹ 26,000 crore, said the statement. The LNG terminal is expected to be completed by 2020-21.
The statement said quoting Pradhan that the terminal will play a significant role in the development of eastern India. “In eastern India, Dhamra will have the distinction of hosting the first LNG terminal, which will import gas from countries like US and Qatar," it said quoting Pradhan.
“We are hopeful that the use of natural gas will also help in reducing the carbon footprints in the states of Odisha, Bihar, Jharkhand and West Bengal in a big way," the statement further said, quoting IOC chairman Sanjiv Singh.
Developing the eastern part of the country is a priority for the National Democratic Alliance government, which is encouraging some hydrocarbon and infrastructure projects in the region.
At present, states like Odisha, Bihar, Jharkhand and West Bengal face scarcity of natural gas in the absence of import terminals and cross-country gas pipelines.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Librarian and Medieval literature expert Rémy Cordonnier has discovered a rare and valuable William Shakespeare First Folio.
A rare and valuable Shakespeare First Folio, regarded as the most important book in English literature, has been discovered in a small French town.
The book had lain undisturbed in a library in Saint-Omer, near Calais in northern France, for 200 years.
It was discovered by librarians planning an exhibition on the historic links between the region and England.
"The work has several pages missing, including the title page," librarian Remy Cordonnier told the press.
The loss of the first page and introductory material may have led to the book being catalogued as an unexceptional old edition, he added.
The Folio collects 36 of Shakespeare's 38 known plays for the first time, and was originally printed in 1623, seven years after the playwright's death.
Edited by his friends and fellow actors John Heminges and Henry Condell, it is credited with being the reason his literary legacy survived. It is the only source for 18 of his plays, including Macbeth.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The Tempest appeared in print for the first time in the collection
It is thought that 800 copies were produced, of which 233 are believed to still exist.
It was very emotional to realise we had a copy of one of the most famous books in the world Remy Cordonnier
New discoveries are made roughly once a decade, and they are scrutinised by scholars for minor variations (each copy is different) and what they might reveal about Shakespeare's intentions.
They rarely change hands but one of the last Folios to be sold at auction, in 2006, fetched £2.8m (£3.6m adjusted for inflation).
The copy discovered in Saint-Omer is one of only two knowns to reside in France.
Handwritten notes
Mr Cordonnier, who runs the library's rare books collection, said he had not initially realised the significance of his find.
"I didn't instantly recognise it as a book of value," he said. "It had been heavily used and was damaged. It had seen better days.
"[But] It occurred to me that it could be an unidentified First Folio, with historic importance and great intellectual value."
The librarian contacted one of the world's foremost authorities on Shakespeare, Professor Eric Rasmussen of the University of Nevada, who happened to be in London working at the British Library.
"He was very interested by the elements I had sent him by mail and said he would come over and take a look," said Mr Cordonnier.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption This intact edition of the Folio sold for £2.8m in 2006 but the one found in Saint-Omer is likely to be worth less
Prof Rasmussen took the Eurostar to France last Saturday and authenticated the Folio within five minutes.
"This is huge," he told the New York Times. "First folios don't turn up very often, and when they do, it's usually a really chewed up, uninteresting copy. But this one is magnificent."
"It was very emotional to realise we had a copy of one of the most famous books in the world," said Mr Cordonnier. "I was already imagining the reaction it would cause."
The Folio contains several handwritten notes, which may illuminate how the plays were performed in Shakespeare's time.
In one scene from Henry IV, the word "hostess" is changed to "host" and "wench" to "fellow" - possibly reflecting an early performance where a female character was turned into a male.
The library says it has no plans to sell the book but intends to display it as the centrepiece of the forthcoming exhibition of its rare books by English authors.
However, the Folio is not the rarest book the Saint-Omer library owns. It also has a Gutenberg Bible, of which fewer than 50 are known to survive.
In 2004, eight years after he'd sold CNN to Time Warner, Ted Turner, the network's founder, sounded an alarm about the dangers of corporate ownership of news organizations. Mr. Turner wrote that in his day, “we put journalism first, and that's how we built CNN into something the world wanted to watch.” In his view, “quarterly earnings obsessed” corporate owners would not have the same priorities because “the emphasis instantly shifts from taking risks to taking profits.”
His warning is especially chilling today, when the integrity of the press matters more than ever. Unfortunately, in the past 20 months CNN's management has let down its viewers and its journalists by sidelining the issues and real reporting in favor of pundits, prognostication and substance-free but entertaining TV “moments.”
Still, I believe the network can again play an essential role. At its best, CNN is a journalistic enterprise with unparalleled reach and resources, connecting its viewers with people and conflicts half a mile or half a world away.
That's why I believe that as a condition of Time Warner's bid to merge with AT&T, CNN should be sold to a new independent entity. This sale would also include CNN international, Headline News and its digital and related properties. Though AT&T has dismissed talk of a sale, one could be compelled by regulators. A consortium of concerned Americans — philanthropists, foundations, small-dollar donors — could fund a trust to operate an independent CNN dedicated to news in the public interest. Subscription fees from cable and other service providers, along with ad revenue, would allow the network to support itself.
A missing peacock in western P.E.I. returned briefly to his enclosure Tuesday, but took off again before he could be recaptured.
Owner Kevin Cook said his bird Tango was spotted by neighbours.
"I went and looked and there was nothing, so he must have, I thought, flew up into the trees or jumped over and gone somewhere in our wooded area, or who knows where," said Cook.
"But he was gone. It was a short little show that he knows where home is at least. That was the positive out of all that."
Cook only recently acquired the four-year-old bird and has been actively trying to find Tango in Norboro, near the intersection of Route 2 and the Blue Shank Road, since he went missing.
He is trying to attract him by playing peacock calls on his cellphone.
Cook said he's had calls from the mainland from people who've seen peacocks on the loose, but he's pretty sure Tango hasn't wandered that far.
A series of bombings across 10 locations in Iraq have killed up to 83 people and wounded about 300, in a grim reminder of the sectarianism and violence left behind by the U.S. war.
Suicide bombs went off in restaurants and car bombs exploded in Hilla and Baghdad, where many Shia pilgrims have been gathering for a religious festival marking the the anniversary of the death of Shia imam Moussa al-Kadhim. Some of the attacks also hit places known to be frequented by Iraqi police.
Three more bombs exploded in Kirkuk, with one of them targeting the headquarters of Kurdish President Massoud Barzani. It is not known at this time who is responsible for the wave of attacks.
Wednesday was one of the most violent days in Iraq since U.S. troops departed the country in December. While overall violence is down since then, sectarian strife between Sunnis, Shiites, and Kurds has intensified.
Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki has tried to purge the government of his political rivals – mainly Sunnis – and consolidate power in a drive to dictatorship, all with U.S. support. He has detained his political opponents, tortured hundreds, cracked down on press freedoms, etc.
The Obama administration has kept largely quiet about Maliki's behavior, aside from about $2 billion in annual aid and tens of billions in military assistance to support this drive to authoritarianism. While this keeps the halls of power in Washington and the oil corporations happy, even the best case scenarios are damning for Iraqi citizens as well as the geopolitics of the region.
The enduring effects of the illegal U.S. war in Iraq are still causing havoc and bloodshed throughout the country. Iraq is neither secure, nor is it a democracy as was promised by warmongers in Washington.
Last 5 posts by John Glaser
Deucalin from "Promptuarii Iconum Insigniorum"
In Greek mythology, Deucalion (; Greek: Δευκαλίων) was the son of Prometheus; ancient sources name his mother as Clymene, Hesione, or Pronoia.[1] He is closely connected with the flood myth in Greek mythology.
Etymology [ edit ]
According to folk etymology, Deucalion's name comes from δεῦκος, deukos, a variant of γλεῦκος, gleucos, i.e. "sweet new wine, must, sweetness"[2][3] and from ἁλιεύς, haliéus, i.e. "sailor, seaman, fisher".[4] His wife Pyrrha's name derives from the adjective πυρρός, -ά, -όν, pyrrhós, -á, -ón, i.e. "flame-colored, orange".[5]
Deucalion and Pyrrha from a 1562 version of Ovid's Metamorphoses
Family [ edit ]
Of Deucalion's birth, the Argonautica (from the 3rd century BC) states:
There [in Achaea, i.e. Greece] is a land encircled by lofty mountains, rich in sheep and in pasture, where Prometheus, son of Iapetus, begat goodly Deucalion, who first founded cities and reared temples to the immortal gods, and first ruled over men. This land the neighbours who dwell around call Haemonia [i.e. Thessaly].
Deucalion and Pyrrha had at least two children, Hellen and Protogenea, and possibly a third, Amphictyon (who is autochthonous in other traditions).
Their children as apparently named in one of the oldest texts, Catalogue of Women, include daughters Pandora and Thyia, and at least one son, Hellen.[6] Their descendants were said to have dwelt in Thessaly. One corrupt fragment might make Deucalion the son of Prometheus and Pronoea.[7]
Mythology [ edit ]
Deluge accounts [ edit ]
The flood in the time of Deucalion was caused by the anger of Zeus, ignited by the hubris of the Pelasgians. So Zeus decided to put an end to the Bronze Age. According to this story, Lycaon, the king of Arcadia, had sacrificed a boy to Zeus, who was appalled by this savage offering. Zeus unleashed a deluge, so that the rivers ran in torrents and the sea flooded the coastal plain, engulfed the foothills with spray, and washed everything clean. Deucalion, with the aid of his father Prometheus, was saved from this deluge by building a chest.[8] Like the Biblical Noah and the Mesopotamian counterpart Utnapishtim, he uses his device to survive the deluge with his wife, Pyrrha.
The fullest accounts are provided in Ovid's Metamorphoses (8 AD) and in the Library of Pseudo-Apollodorus.[9] Deucalion, who reigned over the region of Phthia, had been forewarned of the flood by his father, Prometheus. Deucalion was to build a chest and provision it carefully (no animals are rescued in this version of the Flood myth), so that when the waters receded after nine days, he and his wife Pyrrha, daughter of Epimetheus, were the one surviving pair of humans. Their chest touched solid ground on Mount Parnassus,[10] or Mount Etna in Sicily,[11] or Mount Athos in Chalkidiki,[12] or Mount Othrys in Thessaly.[13]
Hyginus mentions the opinion of a Hegesianax that Deucalion is to be identified with Aquarius, "because during his reign such quantities of water poured from the sky that the great Flood resulted."
Once the deluge was over and the couple had given thanks to Zeus, Deucalion (said in several of the sources to have been aged 82 at the time) consulted an oracle of Themis about how to repopulate the earth. He was told to "cover your head and throw the bones of your mother behind your shoulder". Deucalion and Pyrrha understood that "mother" is Gaia, the mother of all living things, and the "bones" to be rocks. They threw the rocks behind their shoulders and the stones formed people. Pyrrha's became women; Deucalion's became men.
The 2nd-century writer Lucian gave an account of the Greek Deucalion in De Dea Syria that seems to refer more to the Near Eastern flood legends: in his version, Deucalion (whom he also calls Sisythus)[14] took his children, their wives, and pairs of animals with him on the ark, and later built a great temple in Manbij (northern Syria), on the site of the chasm that received all the waters; he further describes how pilgrims brought vessels of seawater to this place twice a year, from as far as Arabia and Mesopotamia, to commemorate this event.[citation needed]
Variant stories [ edit ]
On the other hand, Dionysius of Halicarnassus stated his parents to be Prometheus and Clymene, daughter of Oceanus and mentions nothing about a flood, but instead names him as commander of those from Parnassus who drove the "sixth generation" of Pelasgians from Thessaly.[15]
One of the earliest Greek historians, Hecataeus of Miletus, was said to have written a book about Deucalion, but it no longer survives. The only extant fragment of his to mention Deucalion does not mention the flood either, but names him as the father of Orestheus, king of Aetolia. The much later geographer Pausanias, following on this tradition, names Deucalion as a king of Ozolian Locris and father of Orestheus.
Plutarch mentions a legend that Deucalion and Pyrrha had settled in Dodona, Epirus; while Strabo asserts that they lived at Cynus, and that her grave is still to be found there, while his may be seen at Athens; he also mentions a pair of Aegean islands named after the couple.[citation needed]
Interpretation [ edit ]
Mosaic accretions [ edit ]
The 19th century classicist John Lemprière, in Bibliotheca Classica, argued that as the story had been re-told in later versions, it accumulated details from the stories of Noah and Moses: "Thus Apollodorus gives Deucalion a great chest as a means of safety; Plutarch speaks of the pigeons by which he sought to find out whether the waters had retired; and Lucian of the animals of every kind which he had taken with him. &c."[16]
Dating by early scholars [ edit ]
For some time during the Middle Ages, many European Christian scholars continued to accept Greek mythical history at face value, thus asserting that Deucalion's flood was a regional flood, that occurred a few centuries later than the global one survived by Noah's family. On the basis of the archaeological stele known as the Parian Chronicle, Deucalion's Flood was usually fixed as occurring sometime around c. 1528 BC. Deucalion's flood may be dated in the chronology of Saint Jerome to c. 1460 BC. According to Augustine of Hippo (City of God XVIII,8,10,&11), Deucalion and his father Prometheus were contemporaries of Moses. According to Clement of Alexandria in his Stromata, "...in the time of Crotopus occurred the burning of Phaethon, and the deluges of Deucalion."[citation needed]
Deucalionids [ edit ]
The descendants of Deucalion and Pyrrha are below:
Genealogy of Hellenes Prometheus Clymene Epimetheus Pandora Deucalion Pyrrha Hellen Dorus Xuthus Aeolus Tectamus Aegimius Achaeus Ion Makednos Magnes
References [ edit ]
Primary sources [ edit ]
Intelligence agents and military operatives may come to rely heavily on machine learning to parse huge quantities of data, and to control a growing arsenal of autonomous systems. But the U.S. military wants to make sure that this doesn't lead to blindly trusting in any algorithm.
The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), a division of the Defense Department that explores new technologies, is funding several projects that aim to make artificial intelligence explain itself. The approaches range from adding further machine-learning systems geared toward providing an explanation, to the development of new machine-learning approaches that incorporate an elucidation by design.
“We now have this real explosion of AI,” says David Gunning, the DARPA program manager who is funding an effort to develop AI techniques that include some explanation of their reasoning. “The reason for that is mainly machine learning, and deep learning in particular.”
Deep learning and other machine-learning techniques have taken Silicon Valley by storm, improving voice recognition and image classification significantly, and they are being used in ever-more contexts, including areas like law-enforcement and medicine, where the consequences of a mistake may be serious. But while deep learning is incredibly good at finding patterns in data, it can be impossible to understand how it reaches a conclusion. The learning process is mathematically very complex, and there is often no way to translate this into something a person would understand.
And while deep learning is particularly hard to interpret, other machine-learning techniques can also be challenging. “These models are very opaque and difficult for people to interpret, especially if they're not an expert in AI,” Gunning says.
Deep learning is especially cryptic because of its incredible complexity. It is roughly inspired by the process by which neurons in a brain learn in response to input. Many layers of simulated neurons and synapses are labeled data and their behavior is tuned until they learn to recognize, say, a cat in a photograph. But the model learned by the system is encoded in the weights of many millions of neurons, and is therefore very challenging to examine. When a deep-learning network recognizes a cat, for instance, it isn't clear whether the system may be focusing on the whiskers, the ears, or even the cat's blanket in an image.
Often, it might not matter that much if a machine-learning model is opaque, but this isn't true for an intelligence officer trying to identify a potential target. “There are some critical applications where you need the explanation,” Gunning says.
Gunning adds that the military is developing countless autonomous systems that will undoubtedly rely heavily on machine-learning techniques like deep learning. Self-driving vehicles, along with aerial drones, will increasingly be used in coming years, he says, and they will become increasingly capable.
Explainability isn't just important for justifying decisions. It can help prevent things from going wrong. An image classification system that has learned to focus purely on texture for cat classification might be fooled by a furry rug. So offering an explanation could help researchers make their systems more robust, and help prevent those who rely on them from making mistakes.
DARPA is funding 13 different research groups, which are pursuing a range of approaches to making AI more explainable.
One team selected for funding comes from Charles River Analytics, a company that develops high-tech tools for various customers, including the U.S. military. This team is exploring new deep-learning systems that incorporate an explanation, such as ones that highlight areas of an image that seem most relevant to a classification. The researchers are also experimenting with computer interfaces that make the workings of machine-learning systems more explicit with data, visualizations, and even natural language explanations.
Xia Hu, a professor at Texas A&M University who leads another of the teams chosen for funding, says the problem is also important in other areas where machine learning is being adopted, such as medicine, law, and education. Without some sort of explanation or reasoning, “domain experts are not going to trust the results,” Hu says. “That's the main reason why many domain experts refuse to adopt machine learning or deep learning.”
After 10 months of migration, Goose Island's original brewpub in Lincoln Park has reopened. The remodeled space at 1800 N. Clybourn Avenue hopes to bring back the excitement to the restaurant, which debuted in 1988. Crews gutted the space and brewery officials promise they'll keep a supply of the brewery's vaunted Bourbon County Brand Stout available year-round.
The menu, while similar to Goose's old offerings, has also been given an overhaul thanks to chef Marcus Rasmussen, formerly chef de cuisine of Perennial Virant in Lincoln Park. The Stilton burger is still there, and there are fish and chips. A dry-aged hangar steak is available, and so is chicken pot pie. There's a variety of flatbreads for those who just want something to snack on while downing a few brews. And guess what? This kitchen is keeping up with dining trends with a wood-burning grill. But no, it didn't bring back the complimentary potato chips it served when the bar was new.
The space has been reborn thanks to 555 International, the same firm that created spaces like Roister in Fulton Market, Girl & the Goat in West Loop, and Bangers & Lace in Wicker Park. Look for custom-painted murals from Right Way Signs and a wooden sign outside from Chris Knight Creations. It kept some tiles from the original pub and framed them.
The main bar now has 28 taps. The space takes cues from other Goose Island venues. There are even barrels like at the new private event space. The long barroom on the west side on the building feels much like the Fulton Market Tap Room. It's sleeker and more cohesive than before.
Anheuser Busch InBev bought Goose Island in 2011, but it didn't want the brewpub business at the time. Ownership changed its mind and now sees brewpubs as an asset — it has since opened Goose Island-branded bars at a lot of airports. See if the new brewpub is an asset to Chicago's beer community starting today. And check out the menu and photos below.
Goose Island Clybourn Brewpub, 1800 N. Clybourn Avenue, open 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. on Sunday through Thursday; 11 a.m. to midnight on Friday and Saturday.
Yesterday President Trump fired the acting Attorney General Sally Yates. This came after she refused to defend the executive order in court as plaintiffs challenged portions of it. She said that the executive order was not consistent with her obligation to always stand for what is right nor does she believe that the executive order is lawful. Chuck Schumer said she was fired because she would not enforce an order she believed was illegal and unconstitutional.
This issue touches a pet peeve of mine on how Republicans and Democrats view the Attorney General and the powers of that office. This clash of ideas as to what the Attorney General actually is causes most of this friction.
Republicans
Republicans see the Attorney General as someone who implements existing law and represents the government in these cases. Like any lawyer they would look at ambiguities in the law and interpret them based on the needs or goals of its clients. Inevitably there would be other people with other interpretations of the law and they would argue about it in court. The Attorney General would represent the governments side and if he felt he couldn't he would resign. Once the case is over the way the Supreme Court would interpret the law would stand and the Attorney General and the rest of the administration would follow. This would be the traditional view of an Attorney General.
Democrats
Democrats have a different view of the Attorney General. Aside from the duties I outlined that the Republicans expect the Democratic AG is also required to make a value judgement on the issue. Aside from judging the legality or constitutionality of each law the Democratic AG must also personally agree with the stances taken by each law and executive order or he could refuse to prosecute and instruct the DOJ itself to refuse to prosecute. Essentially the AG would have veto power over the rest of the administration. This of course presents problems when you have a democratic AG working with a Republican administration or vice versa.
Over and above veto power over the executive branch democratic AG's are expected to wield veto power over the judicial and legislative branches as well. The supreme court can strike down all challenges to a law or order and can rule unanimously in its favor and the legislature can pass a bill with no opposing votes but if it does not meet the view of the AG they can unilaterally veto that by refusing to prosecute. Illegal immigration is a perfect example of this. The courts say you have the right to control your borders and there could be a law for it but if the AG does not want to punish anyone for breaking the law then it is moot.
The democrats are afraid of Trump being a dictator yet the amount of power they vest upon the AG is as close to a dictator as you will ever see. Once confirmed their version of the AG has the power of oversight on every other branch of government and can take unilateral decisions on that oversight. The AG cannot even be fired as he is acting on some sort of morality that is supposed to be unimpeachable.
Advertisements
You don't get to superstar status without knowing your own mind and having something solid to say.
It's basically how Taylor Swift transformed herself from country-music princess to an all-conquering popstar with a firm but fair attitude.
Here are her 11 most badass quotes, from taking down haters to putting the biggest technology company in the world in their place.
1. "Guarding your heart and protecting your dignity are a little bit more important than clarifying the emotions of someone who's only texting you back three words. I've learned that from trying to figure out people who don't deserve to be figured out."
2. "I've never felt edgy or cool or sexy. Not one time. It's not important for girls to be those things. It's important for girls to be imaginative, intelligent, hardworking, strong, smart, charming."
3. "After Fearless, I had a lot of people say 'She's an 18 year old girl, there's no way she carried her weight in those writing sessions.' There was no way I could prove them wrong other than to write my entire next record solo, so that's what I did."
4. "If a guy shares his experience in writing, he's brave. If a woman shares her experience in writing, she's over-sharing, she's over-emotional, or she might be crazy."
5. "I say to Apple with all due respect, it's not too late to change this policy and change the minds of those in the music industry who will be deeply and gravely affected by this. We don't ask you for free iPhones. Please don't ask us to provide you with our music for no compensation."
6. "If a dude is threatened by the fact that I need security, if they make me feel like I am some sort of princessy diva—that's a bad sign. I don't have security to make myself look cool, or like I have an entourage. I have security because there's a file of stalkers who want to take me home and chain me to a pipe in their basement."
7. "For a long time I was drawn to—and still am drawn to—people I find very interesting. [But] someone who sits and talks about themselves for an hour, you start to maybe wonder if, rather than trying so hard to be interesting, they could be a little bit more interested."
8. "I knew some people would hear 'Blank Space' and say, See, we were right about her. And at that point, I just figure if you don't get the joke, you don't deserve to get the joke."
9. "With 1989, I was really putting my neck on the line, because I was the one saying I need to change directions musically. And my label and management were the ones saying 'Are you sure, are you positive? This is risky.' And I was the one who had to come back every time and say, 'No, this is what we're doing.'"
10. "The stakes are really high if you mess up, if you slack off and don't make a good record, if you make mistakes based on the idea that you are larger than life and you can just coast. If you start thinking you've got it down, that's when you run into trouble."
11. "I think there is a lesson in knowing that you can live your life in a way that you're proud of and people are still gonna take shots."
Rap Monster -
02:09am kst
감사하는
가끔씩 특히 큰 이벤트나, 사람이 아주 많은 곳에 다녀오면 유난히 허함을 느낄 때가 있지요.
분명 나는 그 속의 주인공 중 하나이고, 외면받는 존재도 아닐지언대 문득문득 그럴 때가 있어요. 이 허함의 발로가 외로움인지, 열등감인지, 박탈감인지 우울인지 사실 그런 건 잘 모르겠지만. 별로 상관없는 것 같기도 해요
2년 반을 숨가삐 달려왔고 내가 스스로에게든 남들에게든 바꾸어놓은 것도 이뤄놓은 것도 많다고 생각하지만 동시에 아무것도 나는 아직 한 게 없다고 느껴질 때 그 허함이 큰 거 같아요. 나도나도 막막하죠. 다 준비됐어도, 무엇을 해야할지 모르겠고, 몸은 따라가고 있으나 마음은 구름따라 가는 것 같은 시간들은
하지만 그럼에도 불구하고 나는 여전히 감사함을 느낄 수 있습니다.
무감각해지다가도, 허하다가도 그것은 피부로 와닿는 또 하나의 감각처럼 느껴집니다. 저는 아마 그래서 누군가에게 사랑받고 있을 것입니다.
그래서 달려가요. 무엇을 하는지, 무엇을 향하는지 알다가도 하나도 모르겠지만 당신이 저를 보고 듣고 한다고 생각합니다. 저는 꽤 기쁩니다. 좋은 느낌입니다.
이제 어느덧 방탄소년단도 자리를 잡아가고 있습니다. 수없이 돌아보고 수없이 안으로도 밖으로도 방황하고 있고 또 그러겠지만, 제가 당신을 믿고 또 이렇게 지켜보고 있는만큼 당신도 그러하다면, 그럼에도 불구하고 아마 우리는 괜찮을 거라 생각해요.
나는 잘 지내고 있어요. 상도 받았어요. 기분 좋아요
내일은 좀 더 내가 나를, 네가 너를 아는 하루가 되길 바라요. 감사해요. 두서 없지만 이게 지금의 나에요!
진실로 진실로 감사해요
© letmesuga
please take out with full credits
Op-ed: President Obama, Make Me Cry Again
We've shed tears of joy at your positive moves, Mr. President, but the time to finish the job on equality is now.
Dear Mr. President,
First, let me start off by saying thank you. I'm someone who's not only a transsexual woman, but also someone who's had a lot of problems in the past getting hired and keeping jobs for reasons that can be directly attributed to my transgender status. I know how critical to the lives of many transgender American workers the antidiscrimination protections in those executive orders you just announced you're preparing to sign will be.
We've made a lot of progress during your time in office, Mr. President. Transgender-inclusive antidiscrimination protections in housing, lifting the ban on transgender health care in Medicare, clarifying Veterans Affairs regulations regarding transition-related care for our transgender veterans, putting an end to the Social Security Administration's practice of notifying employers when the listed gender of an employee doesn't match their records, and making the process of obtaining a passport easier for transgender people, just to name a few.
Some would say you've done enough for LGBT Americans, more than any president ever has before, and it's unfair to be critical or expect more from you and your administration. I would respectfully disagree.
Once those new executive orders are put into effect, you'll have done about as much for LGBT Americans without the support of Congress as we could have reasonably hoped for, perhaps even more.
There's another issue, though, Mr. President, and it's the one that makes some transgender folks like me want to rip our hair out every time we've seen you make a speech, issue a statement, or otherwise acknowledge same-sex marriage and gay married couples but not our jobs, workplace rights, or transgender people.
The issue is time.
Mr. President, as a trans woman who was unemployed for six years after losing my job when I came out in 1997, and then later on suffered another six-year stint of unemployment that just ended recently, I can tell you that for me and others like me, it's the waiting that's the real killer. When you're unemployed and no one wants to hire you, five and a half years is a really, really long time to wait for help.
We know you'd have preferred to see the Employment Non-Discrimination Act become law rather than take executive action. So would we, but we also know that since Democrats lost control of the House, that just isn't possible. The most frustrating part is that if we knew this to be true, then surely you and your administration knew it as well.
We watched your press secretaries dodge questions about ENDA and workplace protections over and over, up to and including offering provably untrue assertions that an executive order protecting us would be “redundant” if ENDA were to become law. Yet at no time did you or anyone in your administration publicly offer any sort of real strategy for accomplishing that goal.
With all due respect, Mr. President, I don't think you can blame us for being disappointed, even angry, not only because those lofty promises we were thrilled to hear you make when you ran for office didn't materialize, but also because it seemed to many of us that you'd simply given up on LGBT workplace rights and decided to focus on marriage and military service for gays and lesbians.
How many unemployed or underemployed LGBT Americans felt as sad as I did as I watched you and all of the major speakers at the 2012 Democratic National Committee Convention talk about same-sex marriage but not even one of you mentioned our jobs?
Sure, it sucks not to at least get a shout-out, but it really stings when you're unemployed, perhaps facing homelessness and poverty, when no one will hire you because you're just too different, when you're seeing the leaders in Washington who you must depend on to fight for your equality under the law completely ignore the political issue that most directly determines what kind of life you and your family can have in this country.
It makes you question why you define yourself as a Democrat. It makes you unsure if things will ever get better for you and your family, no matter who's in charge in Washington. It makes you ask yourself just how much longer you and your family can hang on. It forces you to wonder if your president and congressional leaders really understand anything about the realities of your family's life and those of your working-class LGBT sisters and brothers.
It makes you doubt that anyone in Washington really understands or cares about what's actually going on outside the Beltway for so many of us.
Mr. President, I know there are times when the best strategy to get a job done politically is to do it under the radar, to effect change quietly, away from the glaring spotlight of the news media. At the same time, there's also something to be said for giving people hope, for letting those dancing on the edge of tragedy know they haven't been forgotten, that help is on the way, even if it may still take a while to get there.
When you announced that you'd be signing not one but two executive orders to institute full gender identity as well as sexual orientation protections for those employed by the federal government and its contractors, I cried. I couldn't help it.
We've waited so long, and even though these executive orders won't affect me personally, I know that for many LGBT working families those new regulations can make a real difference.
Impatience, yes, but it's more than just that. It's about having to make the kind of choices no family, no American, should ever be forced to make, like having to decide between filling your prescriptions, gassing up the car, or buying groceries that week.
Most of all, though, Mr. President, it's about knowing that your government and your president can and should be doing more to help you and your family but they aren't. That's where the disappointment, the sadness, and the anger come from, from knowing that you and your family are hurting and those who can help make it better just aren't.
There's still more help we need from you, Mr. President. The heroic transgender men and women in our nation's military who are still forced to serve in silence deserve nothing less than the simple respect of being judged by their performance of their duties, not their gender identities. They deserve to see their commander in chief stand up for them and guarantee them the right to be themselves, the right to enjoy the same American freedoms they risk their lives to defend.
In the end, Mr. President, that's all any of us really want. Just the same rights and freedoms and the same fair shot at the American dream every other citizen in our country enjoys. As I did when I first voted for you in 2008, I believe that we can come still closer to that ideal over the next two and a half years.
I hope you agree. I look forward to having you make me cry again.
Thanks for listening.
REBECCA JURO is a journalist and radio host who writes about media for Advocate.com. Her work has been published by The Bilerico Project, The Huffington Post, Washington Blade, and Gay City News. The Rebecca Juro Show streams live Thursdays from 7 to 9 p.m. Eastern.
POLL
One of the key discussion points at this year's International Football Association Board (IFAB) AGM looks set to be the use of the Vanishing Spray made famous in last summer's Copa America.
The spray, which was trialled at the tournament after having been introduced in South America, is used by the referee to mark 10 yards between the ball and the wall at free-kicks, in an effort to stop the attacking team gaining advantage by moving closer to the goal and the defensive side from encroaching towards the ball.
Once used, the spray disappears within 45 seconds without affecting the pitch and is seen as a way of tackling long, time-consuming breaks in play in which officials have to monitor encroachment.
The IFAB is made up of Fifa and the English, Scottish, Welsh and Northern Irish federations and is the only body in world football than can make amendments to the Laws of the Game. Notable rule changes introduced by the board in the past include the outlawing of handling back-passes by goalkeepers in 1990, as well as the controversial decision to award red cards for tackles from behind.
The board will be meeting at the English FA in Surrey next month and will discuss other issues including Goal-Line Technology systems, Additional Assistant referees and the introduction of a fourth substitution being allowed when games run into extra time.
HAVE YOUR SAY
BRENNAN: I think the president has tried to make sure that we're able to push the envelope when we can to protect this country. But we have to recognize that sometimes our engagement and direct involvement will stimulate and spur additional threats to our national security interests.
Please donate to the Ron Paul Institute Copyright © 2015 by RonPaul Institute. Permission to reprint in whole or in part is gladly granted, provided full credit and a live link are given.
CIA Director John Brennan is not known as a big defender of the Constitution. He is regarded as a chief proponent of the CIA's torture program and as " Obama's drone warrior ." He also lied to the American people with claims that not "a single collateral death" occurred in the CIA's drone program because of the "exceptional proficiency [and] precision" of the targeting.However even a professional obfuscator can sometimes inadvertently reveal some of the truth. As reported in the Intercept , in a recent appearance on "Face the Nation" the CIA boss admitted that US foreign policy can feed terrorism.Of course it needs to be run through a newspeak filter, but this is what Brennan said on the program:Translation: US foreign policy, being the policeman of the world, acting as the hegemon, actually fuels terrorism and specifically energizes terrorist impulses against the United States!As someone else once put it:They hate us because we continue to intervene over there.But if US interventionism fuels more terrorism against the United States, what is the interventionist solution? More interventionism! Troops to Iraq and Syria, nuclear weapons to the border of Russia.The interventionist narrative is falling apart, yet they busily construct another narrative to conceal their failures. It is up to us to call them on it and to work out a real alternative.
Here at EarthTechling, we think wind turbines are beautiful, but not everyone agrees, as much potential wind power sites are blocked by aesthetic concerns. Frog‘s inaugural Future or Fiction competition seeks to address this issue by challenging its designers to rethink how wind could be harnessed by leveraging existing infrastructure or incorporating it into new infrastructure.
Six concept designs were chosen from among the entries for the competition, which range from collapsible mini-turbines to “wind walls.” Core77 readers were then asked to choose a winner based on which they considered the most realistic.
Will it be the Pisa, a purpose-built wind-harvesting building that also offers shelter to data centers or offices? The Umea wind-harvesting bridge — or the Dusseldorf sculptural turbine, perhaps?
The winner has not yet been announced, but voting in the competition is now closed. The winning concept design, when revealed, will be refined by Frog's engineering concept and put through a technical feasibility evaluation, CAD simulation and possibly a proof of concept mockup to create a more realizable final design.
EarthTechling Reader Appreciation Week is June 13-17. We're giving away awesome green gifts to Facebook fans and newsletter subscribers. Participate in the green goodness by joining our newsletter and Facebook communities.
Although Margot Robbie, the star of Craig Gillespie's I, Tonya, (which premiered on Saturday at the Toronto International Film Festival) admits that she believed Tonya Harding was a fictional character before given the opportunity to play the role, the film itself points out that, during the 1990s, Harding was one of the most famous people in the world—second only to Bill Clinton. The fleeting, and often toxic, nature of fame is one of the main preoccupations of Gillespie's mock-biopic, a movie that simulates the sensationalism of a tabloid documentary and mingles black humor with occasionally strained pathos.
Harding will always be notorious for her association with her husband Jeff Gillooly and body guard Shawn Eckardt's plot, bungled by thuggish hit man Shane Stant, to break fellow skater Nancy Kerrigan's leg—an effort to prevent Kerrigan from competing in the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway. While the inept Stant only managed to bruise Kerrigan, Harding became, as she observes in the film, a perpetual “punch line.”
Banned from the ranks of professional figure skating for life, Harding was something of a soft target for comedians during the ‘90s. A working-class athlete often stigmatized as “white trash,” Harding was saddled with a reputation as an unruly young woman—a skater perpetually contrasted with the well-mannered and perfectly coiffed Kerrigan. (In screenwriter Steven Rogers' sardonic recounting, Robbie's Harding describes Kerrigan as an “old-timey version of what a woman's supposed to be.”) Harding, however culpable in her husband and bodyguard's harebrained scheme, was also a victim of her cold, vindictive mother (played to foul-mouthed perfection by Allison Janney) and her abusive and sadistic husband.
In its own cockeyed fashion, I Tonya attempts to rehabilitate Harding's tarnished reputation. Of course, Gillespie's film is far from the first attempt to view Tonya Harding's humiliation in a more empathetic light. As early as 1995, Cynthia Baughman's academic anthology, Women on Ice: Feminist Essays on the Tonya Harding/Nancy Kerrigan Spectacle, tried to at least partially transform Harding's image by arguing that, even if she couldn't precisely be termed a feminist heroine, the scorn she received for her supposedly “unladylike” aggressiveness and uncouth behavior was generated by sexism. Even though Kerrigan's background was also working class, Gillespie and Rogers emphasize Harding's view of her rival as a pampered princess. “Nancy got hit one time and the whole word shits,” exclaims Tonya. Harding reported being raped by a local boy in Oregon as a teenager and, given her unfortunate choice of romantic partner, she understandably associates relationships with protracted abuse.
I, Tonya's tongue-in-cheek approach—an introductory title proclaims that the story we're about to experience is “irony free, wildly contradictory, and totally true”—aspires to lightly touch upon some of these feminist motifs and give Harding her due by emphasizing the absurdist elements of the Harding-Kerrigan brouhaha. For better or worse, any ostensible political earnestness is diluted by the fact that Janney steals the show as LaVona, Harding's mother from hell. The skating equivalent of a ruthless stage mother, she takes credit for her daughter's success and always has an acerbic quip ready to impart when challenged or threatened. When Harding recoils from one of her mother's verbal assaults, LaVona replies, “Did Sonja Henie's mother like her?” Niceness doesn't cut any ice in the Harding family.
While Janney delivers an impeccably timed comic performance, Robbie's attempt to deglamorize herself as Tonya is only partially successful. Enduring, in Gillespie' estimation, 108 costume changes and displaying on screen the results of intensive skating training, Robbie clearly tried her best to immerse herself in the role. Robbie's transition from a shimmering Hollywood blonde to the rough-around-the-edges Harding is less than seamless. Of course, Harding has seen the film and reportedly likes Robbie's meticulous impersonation—perhaps because she appreciates the Australian actress's slightly idealized portrayal, as well as Gillespie's highly sympathetic take on her years of notoriety.
Near the beginning of I, Tonya, Harding's coach Diane Rawlinson (Julianne Nicholson) more or less sums up the movie's impetus by proclaiming that “some people loved Tonya” while others were revolted by her—“just like America.” This clumsy attempt to make Harding a quasi-metaphor for American flaws represents one way in which the film overplays its hand at times. Harding and her travails become stand-ins for the ever-burgeoning need to satisfy the public's thirst for scandal and outrage, a trend that has only become more pronounced in 21st century. But the most compelling aspects of I, Tonya do not involve pop sociology but instead reside in Janney and Robbie's success in making a half-forgotten scandal relevant in the era of Trump, an era where Tonya Harding and Nancy Kerrigan's squabble seems monumentally inconsequential.
Employees of a supermarket cover their heads with shopping baskets during an anti-disaster drill in Kobe, western Japan, Thursday, Jan. 14, 2016. (Photo11: AP)
TOKYO - A strong earthquake struck just off the coast of Hokkaido in northern Japan. No tsunami warning was issued, and there were no reports of major damage.
The magnitude-6.7 quake hit about 12:30 p.m. (0330 GMT) Thursday, near Urakawa town on the southern tip of Hokkaido, according to the Japan Meteorological Agency. It said the quake's center was located at a depth of 50 kilometers (30 miles).
The lunchtime quake caught many residents by surprise.
“It was pretty strong. It went on about 40 seconds,” said Haru Matsutakeya, 45-year-old resident in Hokkaido's capital of Sapporo, about 170 kilometers (100 miles) northwest of the epicenter. Just before the quake struck, an alarm on her cellphone and of several others around her sounded at a center for disabled people where she works. Matsutakeya rushed to turn off a kerosene stove in the room and stood by silently.
Hokkaido police said that two elderly women aged 96 and 86 fell down and suffered minor head injuries elsewhere in Sapporo.
Hiroyuki Kenai, a disaster prevention official at the Urakawa town was having lunch in his office when the quake hit. He told Japan's NHK national television in a telephone interview that officials were still assessing whether there was any damage.
Two nuclear power plants and the Rokkasho reprocessing plant in the quake-hit region were not affected, nuclear safety officials said.
Tohoku “bullet train” service south of the region was temporarily suspended but has since resumed, according to NHK. Some local train lines in Hokkaido were suspended for safety checks, though there were no immediate reports of damage.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1UQPgyC
By Jacob L. Shapiro and Lili Bayer
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) issued a damning 63-page report on the German banking and insurance sector yesterday. It is a long and thorough report, with the key point buried on page 42: “Deutsche Bank appears to be the most important net contributor to systemic risks in the global banking system.”
Then, the U.S. Federal Reserve said that the U.S. subsidiary of Deutsche Bank was one of two banks (the other was Santander) that failed an annual stress test. Deutsche Bank failed the same test last year, and while the Fed noted that the U.S. subsidiary had strengthened its capital position since its previous failure, it said there was still much more work to be done. The markets punished Deutsche Bank, already reeling from Brexit, forcing shares down at one point to their lowest level in 30 years.
With all the news surrounding volatility in the markets due to Brexit, there is a temptation to dismiss this as more of the same. But in reality, these two developments, particularly the IMF report, are of far greater importance. If Deutsche Bank really is on the verge of a crisis – and we believe it is – the implications will be felt worldwide and the global financial system will shudder. First, however, the effects will be felt by Germany, and before we can explain why, Deutsche Bank's unique and important role in Germany's history and development must be placed in context.
Deutsche Bank is not merely Germany's biggest bank. The political role it plays in Germany is unique when compared with other countries. There is no good historical antecedent with which to compare it in the U.S.; Deutsche Bank's importance to Germany is many times greater than that of an investment bank like Lehman Brothers to the U.S. in 2008. Deutsche Bank is technically a private bank, but it is tied to the government informally and to most major German corporations formally. Its fate will be shared by all of Germany.
Deutsche Bank is technically a year older than Germany itself, having been founded in 1870, a year before Prussia declared that the German Reich had succeeded the Holy Roman Empire. It is one of the Big Three German banks – the others being Commerzbank (also founded in 1870) and Dresdner Bank (founded in 1872 and bought by Commerzbank in 2009) – that played the role of both capital provider and master puppeteer in the development of the German industrial machine over the last century and a half.
After its founding, Germany was extremely poor. Deutsche Bank provided short-term loans and in return received equity shares in the companies it bankrolled. By the mid-1980s, according to a German government study, the Big Three were estimated to control the voting authority of over three-quarters of the shares of most major German companies. A 1995 report by the U.S. Congress' Federal Research Division estimated that the Big Three by themselves, not counting the shares they held for their clients, held 30 percent of the seats on the advisory boards of all German companies. Disaggregating Deutsche Bank from the German government's political goals or the structure of German corporations is impossible. They are all inextricably linked.
In the 1990s and early 2000s, Deutsche Bank tried to maintain its unique role while at the same time taking advantage of financial globalization. That meant operating more and more like a typical investment bank. Deutsche Bank began prioritizing short-term gains and investing in risky assets, including securities backed by subprime mortgages in the U.S. real estate market. In Germany, the significance of the 2008 financial crisis was not just the loss of money, but the fact that Deutsche Bank, for so long a symbol of the German economy, was delegitimized and implicated in high-risk behavior. Besides the problems with its bottom line, it still faces a battery of investigations, legal troubles, scandals and potential fines to be paid in the coming years. The bank has fallen quite a way from its beginnings.
Fast forward to today, and Deutsche Bank, Commerzbank and indeed most German banks have been able to stanch the bleeding from 2008 but not to heal the wound. These banks are struggling in large part due to the ultra-loose monetary policy put in place by the European Central Bank (ECB) to attempt to stimulate the European economy. The ECB has cut interest rates, moved deposit rates to negative territory and embarked on an ambitious asset buying program in an attempt to boost inflation and stimulate economic growth across the bloc.
Low interest rates, however, cut into German banks' profit margins and have already forced some banks, most notably Deutsche Bank, to introduce new fees and implement job cuts. In fact, Germany's financial watchdog, BaFin, estimates that about half of Germany's banks have a heightened exposure to interest rate changes and as a result may have to hold more capital. Another side effect of low interest rates has been that, according to the IMF, some German banks have turned to riskier Spanish and Italian sovereign paper. With southern Europe experiencing its own banking problems, boosting investment in Italy and Spain is clouding the outlook for German banks even further.
Back in May, we published a study of the German economy entitled “Germany's Invisible Crisis.” We pointed out Germany's dependence on exports, and how it is simply not feasible for Germany to maintain its current levels of exports in a global economy that is stagnant at best, and in many places around the world is in varying degrees of crisis. Should the U.S. enter a cyclical recession, what remains of the demand propping up the German economy will collapse, and what was once invisible will become clear as day.
In our report, we also noted that the most analogous problem for Germany's current predicament is Japan in the late 1980s and early 1990s. The first warning of the collapse of the Japanese miracle was the Bank of International Settlements' warning that Japanese banks would be suspended from international transactions because of low reserves. We cannot help but view yesterday's events, and particularly the publication of the IMF study, as a similar red flag.
The analogy is not watertight because capital reserves do not (yet) seem to be a problem for Deutsche Bank and for German banks on the whole. The IMF report makes it clear that there are “substantial capital buffers” across the board for all German banks, including Deutsche Bank (though it bears noting that Deutsche Bank's ratio of Tier 1 capital to assets dropped precipitously in response to the 2008 financial crisis). One thing that caught our eye though was the fact that compared to peer banks, German banks' ratio of risk-weighted assets to total assets was only 22.3 percent – barely a third of the ratio for U.S. banks, and 25 percent less than other eurozone peers. So overall, German banks are minimizing losses by avoiding riskier enterprises. This betrays the fact that there must be a weakness in the system that is forcing German banks to be extremely stingy.
Deutsche Bank is showing signs of that weakness more than any other German institution right now. Last year, Deutsche Bank posted a net loss of roughly 6.7 billion euros, or $7.4 billion. Deutsche Bank's chief financial officer told CNBC that he did not expect Deutsche Bank to find its way back into the black until 2018 at the earliest. Deutsche Bank's first quarter report for 2016 said revenue was down 22 percent year-over-year – and that's compared to a year when the bank took a 10-figure loss.
In just the last year, Deutsche Bank has laid off tens of thousands of workers and has seen rating downgrades from both Fitch and Moody's on its long-term debt and its deposit ratings. Deutsche Bank is also sitting on $41.9 trillion (not a typo) worth of derivatives, an inheritance no doubt from its pre-2008 activities, and perhaps even its post-2008 activities. The crisis is no longer invisible. The IMF, Germany and the markets all see it.
This is one of those situations where it brings us no pleasure to say that yesterday was a good day for our forecast. It was also a bad day for Deutsche Bank, and by extension for the global economy. If developments continue to unfold as we expect, it won't be the last.
Johnny Cash and the Jews
By Matthue Roth – originally posted on Jewniverse
Johnny Cash�s moody, often dark�music is matched only by his even more tumultuous life. For years he wrestled with marital infidelity, an addiction to amphetamines and otherdrugs, and attempted�suicide.
Then Cash became a born-again�Christian, and developed a deep commitment to the Jewish roots of his religion. In 1968 Cash recorded an album of songs and voice recordings,�The Holy Land, in which he explores not only the�Christian connection to Israel, but the history and spirituality of the land itself. He visited the caves near where the�Dead Sea Scrolls were discovered, enthusing to the listener about what happened in that very spot thousands of years ago. While touring the Sea of Galilee, he says, “Israel is really again in its glory, a beautiful place� much greater than she was in the days of�King Herod. I'm proud of the Jews of today.”
Five years later, in 1973, Cash returned to film a documentary about the history of Israel called�The Gospel Road. But, lest you think that Cash's connection to Israel and Judaism was entirely spiritual, his son John Carter Cash�recalled another of his father's Jewish connections: on their frequent trips to New York, he would only eat “lox, cheese�blintzes, and�matzo ball soup.”
Find more Johnny Cash on 4torah.c`om
Adults over the age of 30 only catch flu about twice a decade, a new study suggests.
Flu-like illness can be caused by many pathogens, making it difficult to assess how often people are infected by influenza.
Researchers analysed blood samples from volunteers in Southern China, looking at antibody levels against nine different influenza strains that circulated from 1968 to 2009.
They found that while children get flu on average every other year, flu infections become less frequent as people progress through childhood and early adulthood. From the age of 30 onwards, flu infections tend to occur at a steady rate of about two per decade.
Dr Adam Kucharski, who worked on the study at Imperial College London before moving to the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, said: "There's a lot of debate in the field as to how often people get flu, as opposed to flu-like illness caused by something else. These symptoms could sometimes be caused by common cold viruses, such as rhinovirus or coronavirus. Also, some people might not realise they had flu, but the infection will show up when a blood sample is subsequently tested. This is the first time anyone has reconstructed a group's history of infection from modern-day blood samples."
Dr Steven Riley, senior author of the study, from the Medical Research Council Centre for Outbreak Analysis and Modelling at Imperial, said: "For adults, we found that influenza infection is actually much less common than some people think. In childhood and adolescence, it's much more common, possibly because we mix more with other people. The exact frequency of infection will vary depending on background levels of flu and vaccination."
In addition to estimating the frequency of flu infection, the researchers, from the UK, the US and China, developed a mathematical model of how our immunity to flu changes over a lifetime as we encounter different strains of the virus.
The immune system responds to flu viruses by producing antibodies that specifically target proteins on the virus surface. These proteins can change as the virus evolves, but we keep antibodies in the blood that have a memory for strains we've encountered before.
The model supported evidence from other studies that the strains of influenza virus we encounter earlier in life evoke stronger immune responses than those we meet later.
The findings will help take into account the effect of immunity in the population on the evolution of flu viruses, and potentially make predictions about how the virus will change in the future. They could also help scientists consider how immunity to historical strains will influence the way vaccines work and how effective they will be.
Dr Kucharski said: "What we've done in this study is to analyse how a person's immunity builds up over a lifetime of flu infections. This information helps us understand the susceptibility of the population as a whole and how easy it is for new seasonal strains to spread through the population."
The findings are published in PLOS Biology.
Oxford philosopher and author Nick Bostrom (left) and DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis (right). YouTube/Future of Life Machines will quickly become significantly smarter than humans when they achieve human level intelligence, according to a high-profile panel of artificial intelligence (AI) leaders.
A YouTube video released by the Future of Humanity Institute this week shows Elon Musk, the billionaire cofounder of Tesla, SpaceX and PayPal, talking on a panel earlier this month alongside the likes of DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis, who sold his company to Google for £400 million in 2014, and Oxford philosopher Nick Bostrom.
Musk and the rest of the panel were asked how long it will take for superintelligences to be developed when machines achieve human-level intelligence — something that is likely to happen within a matter of decades, according to Bostrom
"Once we get to human level-AI, how long before we get to where things start taking off?" asked MIT professor and panel moderator Max Tegmark, citing an "intelligence explosion." Tegmark added: "Some people say days or hours. Others envision it will happen but it might take thousands of years or decades."
Musk replied: "I think if it [an AI] reaches a threshold where it's as smart as the smartest, most inventive human, then it really could be a matter of days before it's smarter than sum of humanity."
Others on the panel predicted that it would more likely take several years for machines to become superintelligent but none of them said it will take more than 100 years.
AIs are created in the Hollywood movie "Ex Machina". DNA Films/Film4/Universal Pictures
"I think it partly depends on the architecture that end up delivering human-level AI," said Hassabis. "So the kind of neuroscience inspired AI that we seem to be building at the moment, that needs to be trained and have experience and other things to gain knowledge. It may be in the order of a few years, possibly even a decade."
Bostrom replied: "I think some number of years but it could also be much less."
Tegmark went on to say that "the timescale is something that makes a huge difference. If things happen quicker than society can respond then it's harder to steer and you kind of have to hope that you've built in good steering in advance."
He then asked the panel, which also included Skype cofounder Jaan Tallinn and futurist Ray Kurzweil, whether they would like to see the onset of superintelligence occur gradually so that society can adapt.
"Slow is better than faster," Tallinn replied.
Last October, Bostrom said that DeepMind is winning the race to develop human-level AI. The company, which employs approximately 400 people in King's Cross, is perhaps best known for developing an AI agent that defeated the world champion of the ancient Chinese board, Go. However, it's also applying its AI to other areas, including healthcare and energy management.
View the full video here:
Riding the coattails of Smithfield Food's announcement to stop using gestation crates by 2017, Hormel, the makers of SPAM, have followed suit. Hormel plans to eliminate most gestation crates also by 2017.
Gestation crates are used to house pregnant pigs, and in several documented instances, are so small that the pig cannot move around.
Humane Society president and CEO, Wayne Pacelle, released the following statement in response to Hormel's move:
This is great news from Hormel. This decision brings us closer to the day when the cruel confinement of pigs in gestation crates will be a bygone era for the entire pork industry. We thank Hormel for making this decision and urge the company to also apply it to any contract pig breeders it may use. We also urge Hormel's competitors such as Tyson, Triumph, Prestage and Seaboard to stop lagging behind and get on the gestation-crate free pathway.
This announcement comes just days after undercover video of pig abuse in cramped gestation crates from another pork company, Seaboard Corporation, was released.
According to the Humane Society, Hormel has 54,000 breeding pigs at three facilities in Arizona, Colorado and Wyoming. Arizona and Colorado have both passed laws to ban gestation crates by the end of the 2012 and 2017, respectively, but Wyoming has no such law.
Regardless of what happens to the pigs, the processing of Spam could use some serious improvement. Check out this behind the scenes look.
American troop strength stands at about 95,000, and by the end of August the figure is expected to swell to 100,000 -- three times the number in early 2009. Commanders say more boots on the ground inevitably means more casualties.
As the harvest ended and the pace of battle accelerated, more American troops were streaming into the country as part of President Barack Obama's decision last December to dispatch 30,000 reinforcements in a bid to turn back a resurgent Taliban.
Some U.S. military officers speculated that the spring drop in fatalities was due in part to the fact that many Taliban fighters in the south -- the main focus of NATO operations -- were busy harvesting the annual opium poppy crop, a major source of funding for the insurgents.
After a dip in American deaths last spring following the February capture of the southern town of Marjah, U.S. fatalities have been rising -- from 19 in April to 34 in May to 60 in June. Last month's deaths for the entire NATO-led force reached a record 104, including the 60 Americans. This month's coalition death count stands at 89, including the 66 Americans.
The month has brought a sharp increase in the tragic images of war -- medics frantically seeking to stop the bleeding of a soldier who lost his leg in a bombing, fearful comrades huddled around a wounded trooper fighting for his life, the solemn scenes at Dover Air Force Bare in Delaware when shattered relatives come to receive the bodies of their loved ones.
"Recent months in Afghanistan have ... seen tough fighting and tough casualties. This was expected," the top U.S. and NATO commander, Gen. David Petraeus, said at his Senate confirmation hearing last month. "My sense is that the tough fighting will continue; indeed, it may get more intense in the next few months."
U.S. commanders say American casualties are mounting because more troops are fighting -- and the Taliban are stiffening resistance as NATO and Afghan forces challenge the insurgents in areas they can't afford to give up without a fight.
U.S. officials confirmed the latest American deaths Friday but gave no further details. Five of the latest reported deaths were a result of hidden bombs -- the insurgents' weapon of choice -- and the sixth to an armed attack, NATO said in statements.
Six more Americans were reported killed in fighting in the south -- three Thursday and three Friday -- pushing the U.S. death toll for July to a record 66 and surpassing June as the deadliest month for U.S. forces in the nearly nine-year war.
KABUL, Afghanistan—In a summer of suffering, America's military death toll in Afghanistan is rising, with back-to-back record months for U.S. losses in the grinding conflict. All signs point to more bloodshed in the months ahead, straining the already shaky international support for the war.
With the additional troops, U.S. commanders have been stepping up the fight against the insurgents in their longtime strongholds such as the Arghandab Valley, Panjwaii and Zhari -- all on the outskirts of Kandahar city, the biggest urban area in the ethnic Pashtun south.
Much of the fighting in those areas involves brief but intense exchanges of fire. NATO and Afghan patrols also must maneuver through fields often littered with homemade bombs, which have become the biggest killer of pro-government forces.
The Islamic holy month of Ramadan, which begins around Aug. 11, may provide some respite in the bloodletting because Taliban fighters and Afghan government forces will be fasting, although some commanders believe the insurgents will keep up the pace in areas where the coalition is trying to step up their own operations.
Fighting around Kandahar is part of a NATO strategy to secure the city, the Taliban's spiritual birthplace where support for the insurgency runs deep. U.S. commanders have described Kandahar city as the key to controlling the Taliban's southern heartland because of the city's symbolic links to the insurgency.
As the U.S. and its allies step up pressure around Kandahar, Taliban resistance has also intensified in Helmand province to the west and in Zabul province to the east. Those three provinces account for roughly 70 percent of the U.S. deaths this month.
"We are going into places that have been significant support bases for the Taliban for the past several years, and they're going to fight hard for those," Lt. Gen. David Rodriguez, who directs day-to-day operations, said this month. "And that's why we expect the casualties to go up."
The rise in casualties is likely to erode support for the war in Washington and the capitals of the 45 other countries that provide troops -- especially if NATO commanders are unable to show progress in curbing the Taliban. The Dutch are due to remove the last of their 1,600-member force at the end of this month, and Canada plans to remove its 2,700 troops next year.
Obama has promised to begin withdrawing U.S. troops in July next year with the pace to be determined by conditions on the ground.
At the same time, there are signs that Afghan patience with the presence of thousands of foreign troops is running thin.
In the capital, Kabul, police fired weapons into the air Friday to disperse a crowd of angry Afghans who shouted "Death to America!", hurled stones and set fire to two vehicles after an SUV, driven by U.S. contract employees, was involved in a traffic accident that killed four Afghans, according to the capital's criminal investigations chief, Abdul Ghaafar Sayedzada.
The contractor, DynCorp International , confirmed that its employees, working on a program sponsored by the U.S. Department of State, were involved in an accident on the main road to the Kabul airport. In a statement, DynCorp said that when its employees got out of their vehicle, they and other DynCorp employees, who arrived at the scene to help, were attacked by the crowd, which burned their vehicles.
"Our condolences go out to the families of those who were killed or injured," DynCorp said. "An investigation is under way."
People at the scene claimed foreigners fired shots, killing and wounding Afghan civilians. DynCorp said the contractors fired no shots and that Afghan police helped move the contractors to safety away from the crowd. Hospital officials said the deaths and injuries were caused by the traffic accident.
Ahmad Jawid, who also was at the scene, asked: "Are we not Muslims? Are we not from Afghanistan? Infidels are here and they are ruling us. Why?"
------
Associated Press Writer Amir Shah in Kabul and AP researcher Monika Mathur in New York contributed to this report.
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Consider checking out my other stuff!
~Description~
player.addspell xx
01C81A
xx
~Author's Note & Permissions~
Dropping the Bob Ross-style of writing, a funny thing happened as I was working on this mod. The inspiration for this mod was seeing the Hepsy Hair Afro in the hot files. I immediately thought of Bob Ross. I had originally envisioned splicing together sound clips to portray him as a blood-gargling psychopath, because I thought that would be funny. However, as I was collecting voice clips from YouTube videos and MP3s, I had a change of heart. Bob Ross was a gentle soul who just wanted to tell everyone that not only is painting totally awesome, he wanted to tell everyone that they could do it to. To portray him as a murderous monster would've been disrespectful and in very poor taste. I deleted all the crazy Bob soundclips I had spliced together and started again. I've tried to portray Bob as he was, to the best of my ability, to "have fun with" rather than to "make fun of." This mod is a tribute, not a parody. To anyone who would say that I should have gone with my original Psycho Bob idea, let me simply answer "no", because a proper response to that would violate the Nexus Terms of Service.
Therefore, I give permission to use the assets I created, namely the voice clips (for instance, to make a Fallout: New Vegas or Oblivion version of Bob), only if whatever you use them for shows the same respect for Bob's memory as I have tried to show here.
--EggOver1979
Bob made it into a Brodual video
(in the credits, dancing, but still!)
Hello, I'm so glad you could join us today. Today we're going to be present my first custom follower, Bob Ross. Bob is fully voiced with soundclips from episodes of The Joy of Painting, and the number of custom comments will grow in each version. First off, though, I'd like to introduce one of my little friends, Bob's custom summon, a lore-friendly creature not seen since Oblivion:There's a spell tome somewhere that will teach this spell to you, but it's location is just going to be our little secret.Bob has stats equivalent to [/url] Teldryn Sero , except Bob focuses on ice magic rather than fire. Bob resides in the Eldergleam Sanctuary , and this mod should be compatible with just about anything else you'd like to use.Now, some folks like to use Extensible Follower Framework , but in order to get Bob to work with it, you'll have to use the EFF Mind Control spell. To get this, just press the ~ key to bring up your little console, and type, whereis the load order of XFLMain.esm. Just use that spell on Bob, or any NPC you like, and you'll have them in the EFF Framework, just like that.Well, that's all the time we have today, and I'd like to wish you happy modding, and God bless.This mod uses Hepsy Hair in compliance with the permissions there.This mod uses a mesh from Cloaks of Skyrim in compliance with the permissions there.
Madonna, Prince, Adele . . . there aren't that many people in the world who are recognized by their first name only. The world-renowned electronic music artist Moby makes the list. But not only is this guy a musical genius, he's also a diehard vegan, animal rights activist, and owner of LA's hottest new "effortlessly plant-based" restaurant, Little Pine.
Located in the hipster neighborhood of Silver Lake, Moby's bistro is a hub of creative Mediterranean- and California-inspired vegan and organic food, impressive organic wine and beer, community, architecture, and design. At this buzzing vegan eatery just a short bike ride away from his own kitchen, Moby dishes out nothing less than the food he would eat at home; plus, he donates 100 percent of the profits to animal rights organizations. We think that's pretty awesome.
We're also more than a little bit obsessed with the star of his dessert menu, an apple berry crumble. The best news? We got the recipe so that you can get a taste of what's cooking at Little Pine no matter how far you are from LA. This fruity yet decadent cobbler will wow your next dinner guests whether they're vegan or not. And the ingredients are so healthy that you can help yourself to a second (or third) serving guilt-free. Minus the optional scoop of vegan vanilla "ice cream," we'd go so far so as to say you could eat this dessert for breakfast if you so fancy.
Apple Berry Crumble From Little Pine Ingredients Filling: 2 cups diced apples 4 cups mixed berries (such as blueberries, raspberries, and blackberries) 1 tablespoon lemon juice 1 tablespoon vanilla extract or 1 vanilla bean, scraped 1/2 cup vegan granulated sugar 1/4 cup cornstarch 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt Topping: 2 cups almond meal 1 cup sugar 1 cup all-purpose flour 1 cup rolled oats 2 tablespoons kosher salt 1 1/2 cups hard vegan butter (very cold), cubed (we recommend Earth Balance) Directions Preheat oven to 350ºF. For the topping, mix almond meal, sugar, flour, rolled oats, and salt in a medium bowl. Add cubed butter, using your hands to crumble it into the dry ingredients until there are no pieces of butter any larger than a hazelnut. Refrigerate while preparing the filling. For the filling, sauté diced apples in a dry pan until slightly soft, about 5 minutes. Mix the slightly cooked apples with the berries, lemon juice, and vanilla in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together the sugar, cornstarch, and salt. Gently fold this mixture into the berry and apple mixture until thoroughly combined. Portion the filling into oven safe ramekins or a large baking dish. Add a generous amount of topping, and bake for 12-15 minutes, or until the top is golden and the filling is bubbly. Serve with a scoop of vegan vanilla ice cream, if desired. Information Category Desserts, Cobblers Cuisine North American Yield 6 servings
Cooper Neill/Getty Images
As the great, and fictional, race car driver Jean Girard once opined, "God needs the Devil. The Beatles needed the Rolling Stones. Even Diane Sawyer needed Katie Couric."
This is our Katie Couric to all the love Baylor football has been receiving.
The Bears have been one of the most frightening teams for opponents in college football this season. Sources tell Bleacher Report that Baylor is the No. 1 cause of sadness among Big 12 coaches, as well as a major contributor to defensive coordinators refusing to get out of bed in the morning.
In five of its six games, Baylor has been unstoppable, scoring in every way imaginable: offense, defense, special teams, short drives and long drives. Sometimes it looks like Baylor scores without trying.
However it scores, Baylor does it faster than most people can comprehend.
Cooper Neill/Getty Images
All those blowout wins resulted in the Bears receiving a No. 8 ranking in the first BCS standings. Baylor is fun to watch and all, but it's terrorized a group of opponents who, simply put, aren't all that good.
The schedule gets tougher once November starts, but the early verdict is that Baylor would need to go undefeated and have just about everyone else in a major conference lose along the way to earn a berth in the BCS National Championship Game.
There is a lot of football left to be played, though. So before Baylor can start comparing résumés, it needs to take care of its own business first.
Four of Baylor's final five games come against teams with winning records: Oklahoma, Texas Tech, Oklahoma State and Texas. Three are ranked in every major Top 25 poll. All are very much in the Big 12 title conversation.
The Bears are the best-equipped team in the Big 12 to go undefeated because, even on a bad day, they can score at any moment, thanks to their world-class speed. That's their saving grace.
But all it takes is one time for things not to go according to plan. Here's how a team can beat the Bears.
Limit Baylor's Big Plays While Creating a Few of Its Own
Kansas State was able to do the first part in a 35-25 loss to the Bears in Week 6. What the Wildcats couldn't do was create a few big plays of their own. Rather, K-State ground out 327 yards rushing and ate up the time of possession.
Limiting Baylor's big plays is a task easier said than done, but if K-State, replacing a majority of its defensive starters, can do it, someone else can too. There are some good defenses left on Baylor's schedule.
Scott Sewell-USA TODAY Sports
The Bears have shown they too can march down the field and score if necessary, but the M.O. of this offense first and foremost is to score quickly.
In turn, that takes a lot of pressure off the defense, which did lay remarkably well in a 71-7 win against Iowa State in Week 8.
"The fact that their offense is scoring so many points, they can let their pass rushers loose on defense," Kansas coach Charlie Weis said of the Bears on Monday during the Big 12 coaches teleconference. "The rest of the defense can sit back and play coverage."
Baylor is tied for 23rd in the country in passes intercepted with nine, according to NCAA stats. In six wins, Baylor has won the turnover battle four times.
But the one time this season Baylor was in a close game, the defense struggled to take the ball away.
Things could have turned out differently had it not been for a late interception by K-State quarterback Daniel Sams, the Wildcats' only turnover.
To have a chance at upending Baylor, teams need to beat the Bears at their own game.
Disrupt the Bears Up Front
This is a continuation of the first point. How does a defense limit Baylor's big plays?
Baylor plays fast and scores quick because everyone knows their jobs and executes. That allows other skill players to make plays in space.
Also, Baylor quarterbacks have only been sacked a little more than one time per game, per NCAA stats. That's a credit not only to the O-line, but how quickly the ball is out of the quarterback's hands.
Jerome Miron-USA TODAY Sports
What K-State did well was to go sideline to sideline with the Bears and cause disruption up front, both with the offensive line and receivers blocking on the perimeter.
On average, Baylor loses about 16 yards rushing a game, according to the school's official stats. In comparison, against Kansas State, the Bears lost 31 rushing yards.
It's all about getting negative plays. And it just so happens that Texas Tech is one of the best defenses in the country at getting those negative plays.
Play Baylor on the Road
The Bears have won 11 of their past 12 games dating back to 2012, so the sample size of "bad games" is admittedly small.
But if there's been an Achilles' heel for Baylor, it's playing on the road.
Obviously, the worst game for the Bears so far in 2013 was the trip to K-State, and the last loss for head coach Art Briles' team was on Nov. 10 of last year at Oklahoma. Baylor is 2-7 in its last nine road games dating back to the 2011 season.
Fittingly, only two of Baylor's final six games are at home. Three are on the road at Kansas (Oct. 26), Oklahoma State (Nov. 23) and TCU (Nov. 30), and the Nov. 16 game against Texas Tech is in Arlington.
Baylor shouldn't have an issue against the Jayhawks and neutral-site games have actually been good to the Bears lately, but one of those back-to-back road games could be a slip-up.
The 2013 Bears are the most dominant team the Big 12 has had since the 2009 Texas Longhorns. That could be enough to save Baylor from its recent road woes. Just don't be too surprised if it isn't.
Ben Kercheval is the lead writer for Big 12 football. All quotes obtained firsthand unless otherwise noted. You can follow Ben on Twitter @BenKercheval.
