Barring the odd empress, China is historically not a very glorious place to be a woman. From foot-binding to female infanticides, Chinese women have suffered their share of gender-specific hardships. Today, these women are 650 million strong. They represent the world's largest female population, the highest percentage of self-made female billionaires, and with 63 percent of GMAT takers in China being female, they're attaining MBAs with a ferocity that's making the boys blush. And yet, no matter how ambitious or accomplished, they remain bound. Not by their feet, but by something that can be just as inhibiting -- marriage.
In China, there's a deep-seated tradition of marriage hypergamy which mandates that a woman must marry up. This generally works out, as it allows the Chinese man to feel superior, and the woman to jump a social class or two, but it gets messy for highly accomplished females. Their educations and salaries make them hard to compete with, and so their Chinese male counterparts shy away in favor of younger, more “manageable” beauties.
As these women age, their marriageability plummets, and they acquire a snazzy new name: “shengnu.” Used to describe an unmarried woman ever so precariously teetering near the age of 30, this word literally means “leftover woman.” The prefix “sheng” is the same as in the word “shengcai” or “leftover food.” Loosely translated, it implies that single women of a certain age in China are the stuff of doggy bags, Tupperware and garbage disposals.
Advertisement:
Lynette (her English name) is turning 30 in two months, and all her parents wanted this Chinese New Year was for her to announce that she was getting married. A successful television producer in Beijing, she returned home for the holidays with plenty of gifts -- but with no romantic prospects on the horizon, she was subject to endless needling from family and neighbors.
“One of my neighbors heard that I worked in television, and offered to set me up on a blind date with someone compatible,” she said. “I learned that he was a network administrator, and that he made 3,000 RMB ($476) a month. My neighbor considered this to be a good salary, because she thought I worked in a TV factory. Little did she know, as a producer, I pay my entry-level directors more than that. But I still went on the date. The man was very uncomfortable. It was supposed to be for dinner, but we just ended up having soybean milk, because I think he knew nothing could come of it.”
That well-educated, well-employed American women are finding themselves with fewer "marriageable" (men who are better educated and earn more money than they do) options around them is a well-documented phenomenon. It's the "All the Single Ladies" crisis, as described by Kate Bolick in the Atlantic. “All the Leftover Ladies” of China are facing a similar fate, but with slightly different characteristics.
As a result of China's one-child policy and ensuing female infanticides due to the traditional preference for males, China's male to female ratio is seriously skewed in favor of the fairer sex. According to the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, by 2020, there will be 30 million more men than women of marriageable age in China. This surplus is unprecedented for a country at peace, and equates to 1 in 5 Chinese men being unable to find a bride. Fears of China expanding its military have been expressed, as have concerns over the increased prostitution, violent crime and bride trafficking that such a disproportionate number of males generally spurs. But certainly, and perhaps more trivially, a surplus of 30 million men should at least improve a girl's chances of finding someone she might want to marry?
That's not been the case. In 2007, the Chinese Ministry of Education listed “shengnu” as one of the 171 new words of the year. The Communist Party sponsored All China Women's Federation, China's most influential women's organization, published the results of a survey that breaks women down into different categories of “leftover.” Beginning at 25, it details how women must “fight” and “hunt” for a partner, so as not to wind up alone. By 28, it implies the heat is really on, telling women “they must triumph.” Between 31 and 35, these women are called “advanced leftovers,” and by 35, a single woman is the “ultimate” leftover. This woman has met great professional success, but like the Monkey King -- to whom she is compared -- she is flawed in thinking that she is higher than the mandate of heaven, which we can only assume is marriage.
The survey appears to stress the urgency to marry, which, this being a Party-propagated document, is best viewed with a critical eye. Here we have a government that is feeling the aftershocks of one of its most onerous policies. Since statistically, men will already be hard-pressed to find a wife, might the Chinese government have a vested interest in ensuring that a maximum of its female citizens are married off? And, as Leta Hong Fincher suggests in Ms. Magazine, might the government, in a gentle swipe at eugenics, be particularly keen to pressure the country's best and brightest females to get married and produce babies that could be especially enriching to the nation's gene pool?
While the exact motives of Zhongnanhai are difficult to discern, the political power of marriage in China is undeniable. Towards the decline of the Qing Dynasty at the end of the 19th century, Chinese women were considered a negative influence on their own children because they were uneducated and superstitious. In an attempt to strengthen the nation, Chinese intellectuals during the first half of the 20th century championed the idea that a stable home space meant a stable nation, and began a movement to train women for their jobs and responsibilities as household managers. The home came to be seen as a small-scale model of the imperial order of society, and its management became central to national concern. As Helen M. Schneider writes in "Keeping the Nation's House, Domestic Management and the Making of Modern China," “Managing the domestic space was an important responsibility; a wife who managed well and without complications enabled her husband to attend fully to public ‘outside' affairs.” This historical precedent for marriage makes it easier to see why the “shengnu,” a woman who is very much involved in the “outside” space, might encounter challenges when it comes to marriage. It also provides insight into how the Chinese government has used marriage as a political tool in the past, making it plausible that it may still be doing so with its slanderous classifications of single women. But truth be told, a government campaign does little to shake the confidence of a single Chinese woman. Far more perturbing is the flak a “shengnu” gets from society. People talk. The neighbors inquire. “Xiao Hong is 29 and still unmarried? Her prime childbearing years are coming to a close. After 30 nobody will want her. She'd better speed things up,” they'll say. Parents feel social intimidation and start pressuring their daughters. They set them up on endless blind dates. They go on about how much they'd like to have grandchildren. They threaten disinheritance. Surely, this is not a phenomenon unique to China, but the country's cultural conviction that everyone should be married certainly doesn't help. As noted by Yong Cai, a sociologist at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, “In most societies of the Western world, there is always at least 10-15 percent of the population that remains single, but in China, until the 1980s, that percentage was always less than 1 percent.” Basically, marriage in China has the equivalent social force of a steamroller. It's simply what one does. There are Chinese work units that have an in-house matchmaker who is tasked with pairing off single employees. Almost every day of the week, there are marriage markets in parks around the country where parents and grandparents gather to flip through tomes and tomes of Xeroxed copies listing the names, occupations and salaries of available singles with whom they might be able to pair off their progeny. “We talk about helicopter parents in the U.S., but when it comes to marriage in China, I'd say parents are air hawks,” says Berlin Fang, a cross-cultural commentator. “Sometimes they even drop a few bombs.”
The holiday blitzkrieg around Lynette, the TV producer, also included another neighbor who offered to set her up with a man who had “excellent conditions,” meaning he earned a good salary and owned a home in the astronomically priced real estate market of Beijing, what most Chinese -- parents, especially -- see as a very coveted asset to marriage.
Advertisement:
“We went on two dinner dates. After the second date, he brought me back to his apartment ... to show me how close it was to the local kindergarten.” Lynette laughs about these blind dates because she knows most of her single friends are being shuffled through the same motions, but admits that both instances were terribly awkward. In the first, her superior education and job made the man disinterested in her. And in the second, the meeting was so pragmatically marriage-minded, that a bit of chemistry -- something she is looking for -- seemed completely out of the question. Critics say that shengnu are single because their standards are too high. While it is no secret that some women in China use marriage as a means to acquire wealth, shengnu are generally educated, well-to-do females who support themselves and have less of a need than their mothers and grandmothers did to enter a marriage for economic reasons. This allows them to be selective, and they are. Most of them disagree with the idea of marriage just for the sake of it, even if it means facing ultimatums from their parents and endless reminders that nobody will want them after 30.
Nobody, though? Where are the 30 million surplus men?
In the countryside, tending to their parents and their farms. Because in Chinese society, it's expected women will marry up, that's exactly what most women in rural areas do. They migrate to bigger cities, find better jobs, marry men in higher classes, and in some cases, even end up providing more money for their parents than the males who remain on the farms taking care of them. In a fascinating piece for the Pulitzer Center, journalists Sushma Subramanian and Deborah Jian Lee report that these women are known as “golden turtles” for the wealth they are able to provide for their families by migrating and marrying up. Their “success” has given pause to China's traditional preference for sons, all while leaving thousands of men behind in perpetual bachelorhood. These men, also known as “guan gun” or “bare branches,” are at the rock bottom of the marriage chain, and although equally strapped for an available pool of partners to choose from, are not very compatible with the average shengnu, socially, intellectually or geographically.
Shengnu tend to congregate in China's largest cities, where the big jobs are. The sixth national census reveals that there are now more unmarried women than men in Shanghai. Things are not much better in Beijing, where in 2008, according to Baike reports, there were already over half a million shengnu. The numbers in other Chinese first-tier cities show a similar trend.
Making matters worse, according to a survey conducted by the All-China Women's Federation -- again, the organization founded to further women's rights -- out of 30,000 men, more than 90 percent said women should marry before 27 to avoid becoming unwanted. This stems partly from beliefs about the prime years for bearing children, but mainly, from the value that Chinese men place on youth and looks. While they're hardly the only men in the world to do this, they are rather unforgiving. A 35-year-old Chinese male CFO is much more likely to go for a 19-year-old head-turner than a fellow female executive. Because he can. He is successful, and therefore has his pick of the lot. But by the same logic that makes a divorced man in China “broken in,” but a divorced woman in China, “sloppy seconds,” his female professional equivalent is likely to remain single.
And so emerges the modern shengnu: the imperishable leftover who braves the tide of political, cultural, social and parental waves pushing her towards marriage. For better. Or for worse. But at least, on her own terms.
Diane Abbott Mary Turner / Getty LONDON — Labour MPs are "waiting with bated breath" to hear whether Diane Abbott will stand down from the Shadow Cabinet on Wednesday.
The shadow home secretary last week missed a whipped vote on the Brexit bill after claiming to have suffered from a migraine.
Incredulous MPs reacted with fury when it was revealed that she had spoken in a Westminster Hall debate just hours before the vote.
Several other MPs with serious or even terminal illness also made it to the vote and four of her colleagues on the Labour front bench resigned after deciding to break the whip and not back the bill.
Shadow business secretary Clive Lewis has also indicated that he is likely to resign if Labour fails to secure any amendments today.
However, Abbott has remained uncharacteristically silent. The suspicion is that because she represents an inner London seat which overwhelmingly backed Remain, she decided to avoid both the fallout from voting for Brexit, or the inevitable resignation from voting against it.
Here's Abbott speaking in Westminster hours before the vote:
On private Whatsapp groups Labour MPs launched a sarcastic #prayforDiane campaign and started a whip round to give her a get well card and present.
After returning to work, Business Insider understands that Abbott, who is a close ally of Corbyn, tried to convince the Labour leader to allow MPs to abstain on the third reading of the Brexit bill.
After failing to secure that, she sat silent during Tuesday's shadow cabinet meeting, even when criticised by colleagues for her non-attendance at the vote.
Colleagues say the row has badly damaged her.
"Literally no-one in the party is justifying her stunt last week,"one Labour frontbencher told me this morning.
"We're all waiting with bated breath to hear what she will do."
Man beaten unconscious on North Beach street corner
A 59-year-old man was severely beaten early Monday morning in San Francisco's North Beach, police said. A 59-year-old man was severely beaten early Monday morning in San Francisco's North Beach, police said. Photo: Google Maps Photo: Google Maps Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Man beaten unconscious on North Beach street corner 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Police are hunting for three suspects who brutally beat a 59-year-old man, leaving him with a large gash on his head and a traumatic brain injury after a fight erupted on a street corner in San Francisco's North Beach early Monday.
The incident started when the victim got into a squabble with three men in their 20s inside of an unnamed restaurant near the intersection of Vallejo and Grant streets, officials said.
The tough words escalated into a physical altercation after the group went outside around 12:45 a.m., police said.
That's when one of the suspects punched the victim in the face, knocking him to the ground.
The other men then jumped in and continued the beating, leaving the man unconscious in the street, police said.
Officers said they found the victim, whom they did not identify, unconscious with a gash on the back of his head and cuts and bruises on his face.
Paramedics rushed the man to San Francisco General Hospital, where he was being treated for a life-threatening traumatic brain injury.
No suspects were identified or arrested in the beating.
Evan Sernoffsky is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: esernoffsky@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @EvanSernoffsky
Rise of the Altcoins
Frederick Coleman Blocked Unblock Follow May 30, 2017
Altcoins, so called because they are presented as an alternative to Bitcoin, are increasingly entering the cryptocurrency market. In the recent boom (and possible bust) as I mentioned in my last article, Altcoins have also participated, being strong players in addition to Bitcoin. Just recently Bitcoin was over 80% of the digital cryptocurrency market, now it's under half. Just what are these altcoins, what do they hope to achieve, and why have they become so popular? In addition, I will, with the assistant of the charts, show that Bitcoin is still the market leader. When Bitcoin goes up, altcoins follow. Likewise for when it falls. In view of this, I'm looking at Market Capitalization (Market Caps), which is the coins mined multiplied by the price. This post will help to explore that.
Altcoins often try to fill in a gap that some feel Bitcoin does not fill. For example, the first altcoin, created about two years after Bitcoin, was called Namecoin, and sought to, “decentralize domain-name registration, which makes internet censorship much more difficult.” Altcoins often address simple or singular issues of bitcoins, such as transaction speed, or the distribution method. As pointed out in the Cryptocoinnews article linked, most don't last long. Yet there are some that have stood the test of time such as Litecoin or Ethereum.
Litecoin was one of the early cryptocurrencies, started soon after Namecoin, coining itself (if you'll excuse the pun) as the “silver to Bitcoin's gold,” it sought to decrease the time for transactions, using 2.5 minutes to process a block versus Bitcoin's 10, which is claimed to allow for faster transactions. It also has four times the amount of coins as Bitcoin, or 84 million coins. It grew quickly in the early days, and has occupied a top 5 position in cryptocurrencies for most of its life, spending a large amount of time in the number 2 spot. Currently it sits at 6, because of recent successes of other altcoins and the forking of Ethereum, however its position still remains strong.
This month, Litecoin released a roadmap for its near and distant future, capitalizing on its recent activation of SegWit, a new scaling solution, it hopes to adopt new technology such as Lightning Network, but also adapt it to allow for cross-chain swaps, thus allowing one to use Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, etc, together seamlessly. Litecoin's future looks bright, but it is doubtful it will break out of being the underdog of the underdogs. Nevertheless, it is an altcoin to keep your eyes on.
Bitcoin was founded, in large part, on decentralization. It aims to decentralize online banking and websites like PayPal with Bitcoin and blockchain, allowing for easier and more private monetary transactions. Ethereum takes blockchain to a different level, hoping to decentralize more of the internet by using blockchain to keep the online data of people safer, instead of in the hands of large corporations. Ethereum allows for transactions and digital products to be exchanged using blockchain and the Ether coin. Instead of acting like Bitcoin, which wants to replace other currencies, Ether is used as a tool to make the transactions easier. This can make Ether very volatile, and a possible risky investment when other altcoins might be better. Nevertheless, it is available on major exchanges, and currently sits at number 2, just behind Bitcoin. In 2016 it forked, creating Ethereum Classic which currently holds the 5th spot. Ethereum has garnered a strong following, which is warranted to an extent, because it has different goals when compared to Bitcoin.
Ripple and NEM currently occupy spots 3 and 4, both riding off the recent Bitcoin and cryptocurrency boom. Ripple launched in 2012, though it had its base in the form of Ripplepay from as far back as 2005 although it wasn't based on blockchain technology. Ripple's position is interesting because the company itself own 61 percent of its currency, XRP. Because of the recent exponential growth of XRP, Ripple has billions of dollars all of the sudden. This has created concerns that Ripple may release them, flooding the market with billions of dollars worth of coins. However, Ripple has tried to alleviate these fears, by releasing a plan on the entrance of the coins, about a billion per month. Ripple also has the added benefit that a number of companies and banks are starting pilot programs to allow the use of XRP. Time will tell for Ripple though, regarding its 61% of coins in its “coffers.” NEM provides a different approach. With concerns that Bitcoin has gone “mainstream,” NEM, standing for New Economic Movemnet, hopes to fill in the void. NEM's coin, XEM, can thank much of its growth to Japanese investors due to its Japanese founding roots in 2014. Its future depends on how much Bitcoin and Ripple will replace it though, thanks to recent changes in Japanese regulation of Bitcoin and Ripple's agreement with the Japanese central bank. However, with NEM's strong want for decentralization it is certain to continue picking up disgruntled Bitcoin users to supplement its Japanese base.
One common concern with Bitcoin is the limited capacity. This in particular has lead to many of the altcoins on the market to gain popularity and push Bitcoin's lead down. Since Bitcoin's conception, people have been looking for fixes to their own issues they have with Bitcoin. Its not decentralized enough, transactions take too long, fees are too high, etc. Nevertheless, Bitcoin still remains in the top spot, and its unlikely it will fall. Much of the altcoin rise over the past few months has been driven along by Bitcoin's rise. When Bitcoin fell over the last few days, the altcoins fell as well. Altcoins and Bitcoins are linked, they were formed because of Bitcoin, and so they shall forever remain linked. However, altcoins will still provide an alternative to Bitcoin in attempt to fix the issues Bitcoin has, and as long as these alternatives exist, Bitcoin can't let its guard down.
Next post will look at Bitcoin, altcoins and investment. Hence, consider this article a Part 1 of 2.
On Wednesday, a Minnesota mother named Anamarie Calagro held a press conference, reciting familiar lines about the flightiness of youth with a very specific agenda: to prevent her emancipated 17-year-old kid's gender transition. “When we were teenagers we were all sorts of crazy confused,” she told a roomful of reporters.
In framing her kid's transition along the lines of youth's hormone-fueled idiocy, Calagro hopes to win a lawsuit against not only her child but the local school district, a public health official, and a handful of nonprofits. These agencies, a statement issued by her legal team suggests, cannot fully comprehend the “insecurities, strengths, weaknesses, fears, and dreams” of the person she gave birth to. It's the kind of knowledge only a mother—in this case, a mother who didn't report her child missing, who cut off contact and financial support years ago—could have. “We should have our side of it heard,” she said. And on her side, her daughter is just a slightly confused son.
Advertisement
It should come as little surprise that the case, which centers on the self-emancipated minor's ability to seek medical care without parental notification, is backed by the anti-trans Minnesota Child Protection League and the Thomas More Society of Chicago. The latter, as NBCOut reported, also defended the man caught buying organs on the black market in hopes of framing Planned Parenthood. If the Calgaro team wins, it's possible self-emancipated minors will have to notify their parents if they get an abortion, as well.
"We should have our side of it heard,” she said. And on her side, her daughter is just a slightly confused son.
Most legislative attempts to lock down teenagers' bodies focus on reproductive rights and ages of consent; that this one is about gender identity doesn't change the basic anxiety behind it. During the press conference, Calagro pointed out that her kid could have decided to “become sterile” without her knowledge. Even within the legal rubric established to allow self-sufficient young people to escape the control of the people who created them, the idea that a teenager's body belongs to them is terrifying from a conservative worldview.
Advertisement
Laws dictating family structures and adolescent agency have been altered countless times, but the primary assumption—that young people can't be trusted to maintain their own innocence—remains the same. Even today, the easiest way to become legally separated from your parents is to marry. In most states, if you want to be emancipated, your parents have to draw up the paperwork and petition the court themselves.
The idea that a teenager's body belongs to them is terrifying from a conservative worldview.
The laws that dictate the lines between adulthood and childhood in the US have been redrawn countless times since consent laws (applied only to women, of course) were imported from the British colonies; they've been influenced more by property rights and the enforcement of female purity than any real benchmarks of maturity. In the early 19th century, as family law was restructured around distinctly Victorian sensibilities, the role of the pious and domestic wife–mother–property combo came into sharp focus, but so did the role of the child. As family historian Steve Mintz writes, the moment brought along with it “a new sentimental conception of children as vulnerable and malleable creates with special innocence,” at least for the dominant class. Ages of consent were as low as 10 or 12, unless the woman in question married, of course, in which case she became the property of another family.
Advertisement
By the early 1900s, narratives of female virtue and encroaching sexual danger took a more prominent role. Religious groups lobbied to raise “the age at which a girl could legally consent to her own ruin” to between 16 and 18, penalizing women's adolescent desire as if they were the children consent laws were originally written to protect.
"What a terrible weapon for evil, the elevating of the age of consent would be, when placed in the hands of a woman." — 19th century legislator
As recounted by the historian Carolyn Cocca, Tennessee raised the age of consent to nearly 21, while other states mocked the raise—some local legislatures proposed the age of consent be upped to 81, or that all women be required to wear chastity belts. Yet such laws, intended to maintain the chastity of the young, white, and affluent, struck terror into the hearts of men seeing feminine wiles (and the invented trope of the hypersexualized women of color) as tools to be used against a man's natural inclination. One representative from Kentucky wrote, “What a terrible weapon for evil, the elevating of the age of consent would be, when placed in the hands of a lecherous, sensual negro woman.” It would be several decades before ages of consent were applied to both men and women, and punishment reduced for young people who were around the same age.
Advertisement
The first and only time such statutes came to the Supreme Court, it was over the issue of gender, in 1981. The court ruled it constitutional to hold women and men to different standards when it came to criminalized sex, claiming a double standard was not “inherently suspect,” as the biological ability to carry children made sex riskier for women.
A number of measures still in effect today are similarly coded: the Clinton administration largely understood consent laws as part of social welfare programming. In further criminalizing teenaged sexuality, it hoped to lower the amount the state would spend assisting unwed mothers. Such reforms, rolling back to progressive push for more realistic consent laws during the 1970s, continued through the ‘90s. Whether the law actually prevents teenagers from sleeping together is up for debate. It certainly doesn't keep them from sexting, as several recent instances in which consenting adolescents have been slammed with child pornography charges, have shown.
Ages of consent and the behaviors they end up criminalizing are simply the clearest examples of how the state wrests control of young people's bodies using the rhetoric of health and safety. In most parts of America (Minnesota notwithstanding) unwed teenagers can't control their medical records, their school paperwork, or their finances without their parents making a concerted effort to emancipate them. Many don't have access to birth control, nevermind hormones. Just last week, a senator proposed a bill in Texas that might require schools to out LGBTQ kids to their parents.
Advertisement
It's something of a truism that young people tend to have more progressive values than their elders; in an America increasingly fractured along the lines of religion and identity, the chasm between generations will likely become more pressing. And, as is so often the case, the boundaries drawn by the state, touted by lawmakers as necessary protections, will be just as often used to patrol the values of the culture at large.
Well, LeBron James finally accomplished what he set out to do when he announced his triumphant return to the Cleveland Cavaliers 2014: he brought an NBA championship to Cleveland.
We can ignore innumerable questionable calls by the refs throughout the series — not to mention the peculiar suspension of Draymond Green for game 5 — because what the Cavaliers achieved over the weekend in coming back to win the title down 3-1 in the series was quite literally unprecedented.
Suffice it to say, I'm anything but a LeBron fan (the Cavs may not have even made it out of the first round in the Western Conference, in my opinion), but there's no escaping the fact that James was the MVP on a team that not only dethroned the defending NBA champs, but a Warriors team that won a record-setting 73 games during the regular season.
DON'T MISS: Confirmed: Apple is making only one, very dumb change to the iPhone this year
Begrudgingly, even Lebron detractors have to acknowledge and respect that.
Going into the NBA Finals, the Cavaliers were clear underdogs. And once the Cavs went down three games to one, the odds in Vegas that LeBron and co. could take back the series were as high as +900.
Looking back at the Cavaliers' historic championship run and odds-defying victory, ESPN has a fascinating piece up detailing how LeBron sought to find every and anything that could help motivate his teammates and help them believe that an unprecedented comeback was indeed within the realm of possibility.
And interestingly enough, one of the sources of inspiration James turned to was Steve Jobs. Specifically, James played portions of Steve Jobs' iconic 2005 Stanford University commencement speech to rally the troops ahead of game 3.
If you haven't ever listened to Jobs' commencement speech, do yourself a favor and check it out now. It's truly a classic. If you have listened to it before , you're likely familiar with the portion of the speech where Jobs talk about how the future plays out in ways that we can't ever anticipate.
“You can't connect the dots looking forward,” Jobs passionately said, “you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something — your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.”
With this as the backdrop, ESPN writes that Richard Jefferson — an NBA vet with 15 years in the game — was particularly affected by Jobs' words.
As he listened to Jobs' speech, 15-year veteran Richard Jefferson was struck by the events that had transpired to place him in these NBA Finals. The only reason he was in this locker room was because DeAndre Jordan had changed his mind about signing with the Dallas Mavericks over the summer. Jefferson had committed to the Mavs, thinking he'd be teaming up with Jordan, Dirk Nowitzki, Chandler Parsons and Wesley Matthews. He was undergoing a physical in Dallas when he started getting wind that Jordan was having second thoughts. “When it went sour, I called my agent and was like, ‘I can't go there,'” Jefferson said. “And he was like, ‘Richard, now is not the time to tell them that you can't go there either.' So we let it wait a couple weeks. There was a conversation about maybe offering me some more money. I was like, ‘Look, if Cleveland goes to the Finals and I stay in Dallas for a little more money, I'll kill myself.'”
Cleveland, as it turns out, went on to win Game 3 in a blowout.
Also interesting is that Cavs forward Kevin Love had developed an interest in Jobs and his famous commencement speech even before James played it for the team.
One phrase stuck with him: “Stay hungry, stay foolish.” Love started writing it on his shoes as a way to remind himself to loosen up — to not judge his performances on the statistics he was recording (which weren't even close to his career numbers), but rather by the effort and energy he gave for tasks like rebounding and defense. “I had just ordered a shirt from a company in Akron with that Jobs quote,” Love said. “And then [LeBron] played that [speech] like two days later. I came up to him and was like, ‘It's so crazy you played that with all the chaos that was going on with our team, being hungry, but being down in the series.”
Jobs' aforementioned speech can be viewed in its entirety below.
Hi There My Beautiful MUAs,
With the Festivities Kicking in Girlies have less and less time for setting themselves up! Thus after Diwali Makeup Tut (immediate preceding) post we thought this would be the icing on the cake. So Go and Get Ready Quick! 🙂
By Aleena.
Festivities are so amazing & lively. We women have a blast playing dress up, but do we really have time to sit & deck ourselves up!
I have come to your rescue with a quick festive look with just eye pencils ….
This look is great for a day occasion or even if you have absolutely no time but yet want to look different 🙂
Use a simple gold eye liner pencil (this one is from Ikonic & it just glides on beautifully)
Apply the gold eyeliner medium thick on the upper eyelid!
* Tip- Whenever using a very light eye pencil (or eyeshadow) always put a thin black eyeliner on the lash line, applying the black eyeliner pencil basically literally between the eyelashes. Hence it's not really visible, yet the contrast it helps the bright colour pop out.
Simply apply an electric blue eye pencil on the lower waterline & extend it from the corner of the eye too.
Coat on mascara for definition to the eyes & ofcourse makes the lashes seem fuller.
Voila! Its that simple 😀
Lipliner I used the Colorbar Definer pencil in Berry Rose & MAC Girl About Town Lipstick
Hope you have an Absoloutely lovely Diwali & Please Be Green ♥
Coming up with a good lipstick purchase this festive season stay tuned
Hope This Helps you in Your Beauty Quest and Hope that Share this Love with your Sistas… ♥
2017 Winter Nationals race report
This year, the #WinterNats again kicked off the Pro Series, and was the first outdoor national of the new season. This was Stop No.3, and was also the first (of four) Worlds Qualifiers, to see which eight riders from each age-class would be joining #TeamUSA in Rock Hill this summer.
First, let's get into the Pro classes; which officially kick off the chase for the No.1 Pro titles in the USA BMX. Despite many social media posts predicting a Pro picket line, protest or low moto count - turnout was amazing and everything went fine and smooth. Elite Women saw 25 riders sign up; some of them brand new first-time Rookies - such as Haro's Kristen Long. In the Mens class, we had 40 AAs show up; which is HUGE! With plenty of foreign riders - from all over Europe to South America, they took this opportunity to hit Phoenix and plan to it up Oldsmar's big hill next week.
Speaking with some of the Dutch National team during practice, they'd been spending a week over in San Diego riding, and were happy to be where it's sunny and ridable, compared to the foul weather they had back home. Twan and Jelle both mentioned that they were just starting to get back on a training program, and that their expectations weren't huge. This, for them, was just a warm-up to where they'd be in a few months. ...yeah; right.
The Pro racing was run on the hour, every hour - and they were putting quite a show. We'd have to say that the one person who was looking most impressive - as if he hadn't stopped training one bit since December 1st, was Supercross~Troy Lee's ANTHONY DEAN. Dressed like Johnny Cash - in all black, he was lightin' a ring a fire around all the other pros. Unbeatable, it seemed ... at least, until the main event.
Dean nabbed the Answer Holeshot Award (cha-ching!) and led the International-filled main event out of the first turn on the super fast Black Mountain track. Of the eight men in the main, we had seven differnt countries represented. Only the U.S., with our Olympians Fields and Long, had two in the final. Unfortunately, they got stuck in the back of the pack - along with your reigning World Champion and 2-time National No.1 Pro Joris Daudet (who by turn two was in 5th place).
Meanwhile, Dean was in the lead by turn two but had VanGendt and Jones breathing down his neck. Twan was strong down the third straight and decided to go for the inside move into the third corner; a popular place to attempt any passes. Dive to the inside, carve up into the lead rider, steal his line and take things over. It was a textbook pass from the book BMX 101, and Dean lost all of his momentum for the upcoming rhythm. From first to fourth, in a flash. More incredibly, Joris Daudet flew from fifth to third like it was nuthin'. Trent Jones was loving it in the 2-spot, as this was his first time ever at Black Mountain, and in his post-race interview Dutch rider VanGendt told us that he was "gassed" to get the win.
ELITE MEN
1 TWAN VAN GENDT, THE NETHERLANDS
2 TRENT JONES, BOX~THRILL - NEW ZEALAND
3 JORIS DAUDET, CHASE - FRANCE
4 ANTHONY DEAN, SUPERCROSS~TLD - AUSTRALIA
5 SIMON MARQUART, SWITZERLAND
6 NIC LONG, HARO/PROMAX - USA
7 GONZALO MOLINA, ARGENTINA
8 CONNOR FIELDS, CHASE - USA
The gals also put on quite a show, and after the Foreign-filled field had been narrowed down to the final eight riders, we had quite the impressive line-up. Five of the eight were Americans, with Australia (Reynolds), New Zealand (Fleming) and Argentina (Diaz) in the mix.
Judging by the crowd response, everybody was stoked to see Alise Post in attendance and were rooting for our Olympic silver medalist. As you'd expect, the reigning National No.1 Woman Pro was the one to beat, and holeshotted the final. Skyin' everything down the second straight, she was looking strong, but the crafty-one Brooke Crain was in code-3 pursuit and wasn't about to allow Alise to pull away from the pack. Knowing that Brooke was in tow, Alise went for a more inside line into the third turn but couldn't make her tires stick. WHAM! All down, all by herself. Crain, going on the outside, took things over, while Black Mountain local Rachel Mydock (Supercross) swooped in for the second.
WOMEN ELITE
1 BROOKE CRAIN, HARO - VISALIA, CA
2 RACHEL MYDOCK, SUPERCROSS - GLENDALE, AZ
3 LAUREN REYNOLDS, ANSWER/RENNEN - AUSTRALIA
4 ZOE FLEMING, NEW ZEALAND
5 MARIANA DIAZ, ARGENTINA
6 DANI GEORGE, DHR - PALMDALE, CA
7 SABRINA BICE, POWERLITE~DFR, LAKE HAVASU CITY, AZ
8 ALISE POST, TROY LEE/KLEAN, CHULA VISTA, CA
With her Friday win, Brooke kicks off the year in the points lead. Could this be the year that she finally wins a No.1 Pro plate? It's a long season - but for now, it looks like she could!
In Pro Open, Free Agent's rookie pro, Alec Bob, scored his first Pro career win. The full-time college student from Marian University (carrying 16 credits inbetween training) was thrilled to get that first win under his belt.
With the UCI World Championships coming back to America in 2017 - after a 16 year absence, the first step to going is qualifying for Team USA. Each age/division will have 32 slots open, and USA BMX has put together a 4-race Qualifier series to determine who makes the cut. This weekend in Phoenix was the first one, and the Friday night qualifying was tough all the way down to the mains. Once in the main, you'd made the Team; but there's still ego, reputation and a trophy on the line and the competition had something to prove. If you want to earn a "W" on your numberplate this summer, this was not the time to slack off!
Besides ...there were these cool medals to be won!
Thus, the first round of four Worlds Qualifiers is in the books and already, it looks like we've got plenty of potential future World Champs on the U.S. squad. #GOUSA!
SATURDAY
Remember that ol' song we sang as kids: "Rain, rain, go away - come again another day" ? Well, that's what we were thinking as we arrived Saturday morning at Black Mountain. With National Director Bill Morris keeping a careful eye on the Doplar Radar, it's a roll of the dice when there'd be a big enough break to get a race in.
With the track all tucked in for the night, snug like a bug in a rug, the USA BMX staff kept 'er covered until the radar was looking clear. Racing began just a tad after noon, and Balance Bike classes were canceled (due to the chance that the little boogers would sink waist-deep in the muddy infield). And other than a few tough spots that would soon rut-up, overall the track was dry and fast. Dusty-dry, in fact! That is, until the rain came back on toward the end of second round of motos. Black Mountain the much-needed watering that was due, and then some.
But the racing never stopped; in the immortal words of P.T. Barnum: "The show must go on!"
Pro racing was exciting as usual, and only a few big names pulled out for the Day 2 action. After her crash in the Friday night main, Alise Post wasn't feeling it and drove home. And Maris Strombergs, who never ever takes any risks, opted to watch from the sidelines as the rest of the men and women Elite's fought it out for a spot in the final.
In the Mens finale', we only saw one American left to defend the honor of ol' Glory - the ConMan. Nederlands held three spots in the gate (Van den Burg, Torres and Jelle Van Gorkom), and Australia filled two lanes (Dean and Bodi Turner). France was repped by Joris Daudet and surprise, surprise ... CANADA, in the final thanks to a sweet semi ride by James Palmer.
From the snap, Fields looked strong from the outside lane 8, but Dean - who'd been crushing it all day, laid down his power and grabbed the lead after the second jump; a challenging camelback. From there, as long he stayed upright, Dean would cash in on another Answer Holeshot check and score the big win. joris and Dave Van den Burg rounded out the podium.
STAY TUNED FOR MORE.
New release: XVM 5.3.0 for World of Tanks 0.9.0.
Download
XVM-5.3.0: [MAJOR UPDATES] * new macros formatting (see readme-en.txt) {{name[%[flag][width][.prec]type][~suf][|def]}} name - macro name flag - "-" for left align, else right align "0" for filling with leading zeros width - minimum width prec - maximum width for lines or number of digits after comma for numbers type - type (s - string, d - decimal, f - float, ...) suf - suffix added at the end def - default value, set when value is absent: Details: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Printf For example: {{name%-16.16s}} - cut names longer 10 chars, and fill names shorter 10 chars and align left {{kb%4.01f~k|----}} - width 4 chars, exactly 1 char after comma, align right if kb==null, display "----" * config version increased to 5.1.0 [NEW FUNCTIONS] * dynamic circles on the minimap. Options: minimap/circles/artillery - maximum range of fire for artillery minimap/circles/shell - maximum range of shooting for autocannon and semi-automatic cannon minimap/circles/view - view distance (dynamically changes when switching binocular telescope) minimap/circles/major - removed, replaced with "view" section Omegaice's code was used for this component * new options in playersPanel for extra text fields * new options in playersPanel for frags formatting * new option playersPanel/startMode for initial players panels mode * new option battle/allowHpInPanelsAndMinimap - enable {{hp}}, {{hp-ratio}}, {{hp-max}} macros in players panels and minimap. WARNING: performance expensive [MACROS] * new macros: {{frags}} - current frags {{alive}} - 'alive' for alive, '' for dead {{battletier}} - guessed current battle tier {{squad-num}} - squad number or null if not in squad * macros extended: {{hp:XX}} and {{hp-max:XX}} return value normalized to XX for current battle tier ex.: {{hp:300}} - will return 300 for HP=700 at tier-5 battle, and for HP=3000 at tier-11 battle. * macros extended: value replacement - {{macro?rep}} ex.: "alpha": "{{alive?80|0}}" - set alpha to 80 for alive and 0 for dead * changed value of macro {{squad}} from '1' to 'sq' * removed macro {{vehicle-type}} as duplication of {{vehicle}} * removed macro {{vehicle-name}} as duplication of {{vehiclename}} * removed macro {{short-nick}} and option minimap/nickShrink as replaced by {{nick%.5s}} [OTHER] * source code now stored on dev.modxvm.com
A new study that uses blood samples collected more than 50 years ago finds that women who were exposed to the pesticide DDT in the womb have a four-fold increase in breast cancer risk today.
DDT was banned in the United States more than 40 years ago, a decade after Rachel Carson first raised the alarm about it in her book, Silent Spring. The chemical has long been suspected in the human breast cancer epidemic, but research published in the 1990s could not demonstrate a credible link.
A 2007 study by Dr. Barbara Cohn, director of Child Health and Development Studies at the Public Health Institute in Berkeley, California, cited pre-puberty exposure to DDT as a risk for breast cancer in adulthood, using indirect epidemiological evidence.
Now, Dr. Cohn and her team have taken the research a step further. They have hard evidence, Cohn says, linking DDT exposure in utero to elevated rates of breast cancer when women reach their 50s.
Cohn and her team examined vials of blood that had been collected from more than 15,000 San Francisco Bay area women after they gave birth in the 1960s. The vials have been frozen for more than five decades and offered a unique opportunity for Cohn and other researchers.
“This is the very first study I'm aware of in which we have actually been able to measure in utero exposure to an environmental chemical — in this case DDT — and look forward 54 years at the risk of breast cancer for the women who were exposed in utero,” Cohn explains.
The study found that women exposed to high levels of DDT before birth had four times the chance of breast cancer before the age of 52 than women who were not.
Cohn suspects there are particular periods in life when breast tissue is most vulnerable to outside chemicals that might alter its development and be related to breast cancer. One of these periods is in utero, when the breast is forming.
Other vulnerable times are during the “hormone storm” of puberty, during pregnancy, when the breast undergoes more changes as it prepares for lactation, and in the perimenopausal period. All of these periods have one thing in common: They are times of intense hormonal activity.
“Chemicals that can interfere with these hormonal times are often called endocrine disrupters, and they may perturb the natural and normal signaling that is going on at these critical periods,” Cohn explains. “They may alter the tissue, the cells, and even perhaps the instructions about how DNA and genes are turned on and off, so that, later in life — even much later — the tissue may have a higher risk of becoming cancerous.”
Because opportunities for human studies with a 54-year follow-up are so rare, the next step in the research will have to be done in the laboratory, Cohn says, where experimentalists can try to reproduce the timing of exposure and the doses that are analogous to what she found in her study.
“Human studies can never prove causation,” Cohn says. “We don't do experiments on humans. So it's always possible that there are some other chemicals or other exposures that underlie the DDT connection we've seen. Animal studies are required to determine more carefully whether there's causation.”
Nevertheless, Cohn believes her study is very much a proof-of-concept. “It's very unlikely,” she says, “that we'll ever be able to study the 80,000 chemicals that are out there, some of which may have the potential to increase risk for breast cancer and other health problems, as well.”
“Since we can't do that,” she concludes, “perhaps what the study is saying is that, because there is this potential for these chemicals to do harm, we have to turn to the public policy arena to discuss what level of risk society is willing to take, and to examine carefully both the benefits and the risks of using certain classes of chemicals in our modern life.”
This article is based on an interview that aired on PRI's Living on Earth with Steve Curwood
CHICAGO -- The moment left Jeurys Familia paralyzed -- unable to speak, to think, to process all the pain and all the agony he had just swept away. So, after he threw the pitch that sent the Mets to the World Series, he did the only thing that felt right.
He dropped to his knees and stretched his arms into the air, his actions conveying what his words could not.
"I wanted to say 'thank God,'" said Familia, whose strikeout of the Cubs' Dexter Fowler completed a stunning four-game sweep in the National League Championship Series.
At precisely 10:39 p.m Wednesday night, an 8-3 victory over the Cubs passed into history and vaulted the Mets to their first pennant in 15 years. For just the fifth time in 54 tortured seasons of existence, the Mets are playing in the World Series.
"The World Series!" an incredulous David Wright said. "The World Series!"
Yes, that World Series, the one that the Mets hope to win for the first time since 1986. The one that few believed would be within their reach. The one they enter playing perhaps their best baseball in a season that has revived this franchise.
The end came with the blunt force of a Chase Utley takeout slide. It was quick. It was powerful. It was ruthless. And for these Mets, it all seemed so fitting.
At some point amid the trades gone bad, the tears on the infield, the suspensions, the cold streaks, and then the second-half renaissance, the Mets underwent a metamorphosis. They became bullies, the Cubs their helpless victims.
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Lucas Duda thawed from his October cold streak, tying a postseason club record with five RBIs. They came on a three-run homer in the first, followed by a two-run double in the second to give the Mets a 6-0 lead before the 44,227 at Wrigley Field could settle in.
Travis d'Arnaud added a solo shot in the first.
Daniel Murphy, the Most Valuable Player of the NLCS, lashed four hits, including a two-run shot in the eighth that sent the chill of winter through the Friendly Confines. He crossed the plate, raised his hand to the sky, then lost himself in a sea of teammates in the dugout.
"I really can't explain it," he said. "It's just a complete blessing, and that's the only way I can describe it."
The Mets' breakout star hit .529 (9-for-17 with four homers). He has homered seven times in the postseason, and in six straight playoff games, the first ever to accomplish the feat.
Long Island's Steven Matz worked 42/3 innings, forced to work out of trouble in the fourth and then again in the fifth, before he was pulled for Bartolo Colon. But he was good enough to hold the Cubs to one run, capping a brilliant run for the Mets' stable of young arms.
"We're here, and we're here to stay," said a champagne-soaked Noah Syndergaard. "And we're going to be here for a long time."
In banishing the Cubs to their 107th consecutive season without a championship, Mets pitching held one of baseball's most explosive offenses to eight runs in four games. Meanwhile, the Mets set a franchise record with 14 homers, eclipsing the 12 by the 1969 world championship team.
After needing a heart-stopping Game 5 win to get past the Dodgers, the Mets made it look easy against the Cubs.
"I was," said manager Terry Collins, who admitted he was surprised. "But I knew we had good pitching."
The only downer of the night came in the second inning when Yoenis Cespedes left the game with what the team called a sore left shoulder. He insisted that his shoulder will be ready for the World Series.
"If not,'' he said, "I'll chop it off and put a new one on.''
By the end of the evening, his biggest worry was making sure his teammates did not hug him too hard in the mad celebration. It spilled from the shoebox-sized clubhouse to the field, where hundreds of Mets fans pressed up near the railing to celebrate.
Collins doused them with champagne.
"They deserve it," said Collins, who at 12, got a note from his mom to stay home from school to watch the World Series. "Because they hung in there. We had some rough years, but they hung in there."
The players and their families rejoiced, cheered on at every turn by those that had lingered. And from a seat in the stands above the fray, general manager Sandy Alderson sat alone, watching the scene unfold before him.
"We have one goal," Mets ace Matt Harvey said. "And that is to finish the thing."
As the indoor farming industry has taken off in the last several years–over the next 10 years, indoor farming is expected to account for 50% of leafy green production, and grow to a $42 billion industry –it's become apparent that it's as much about technology as it is about agriculture. Bowery , a new startup operating out of an old warehouse building in Kearney, New Jersey, developed a sensor-based proprietary technology, called BoweryOS, specifically to support the venture by determining necessary nutrient levels, as well as when crops are ready for harvesting. And in South San Francisco, Plenty is growing produce via a tech-supported vertical farming model that has already received $26 million from tech investors like Bezos Expeditions and Innovation Endeavors.
For FreshBox Farms, an indoor farm operational since 2015 at an old factory site in Millis, Massachusetts, around 30 miles outside of Boston, the technology is important–it is, after all, what enables the greens to grow–but it's not sacred. “We're equipment agnostic,” Sonia Lo, the CEO of Crop One holding, FreshBox's parent company, tells Fast Company. “There are people out there doing great work to perfect lights, trays, control systems, nutrient dosing systems–we focus on growing as much as possible.” This almost brusque approach, Lo says, has enabled FreshBox Farms to become one of just two commercial indoor farming ventures in the U.S. that is gross-margin positive. The other is the Newark, New Jersey-based AeroFarms, which grows up to 2 million pounds of produce per year.
Earlier this year, Matt Barnard, CEO of Plenty, told Fast Company that “small-scale growing in 2017 is not a profitable enterprise.” He was referring to the fact that indoor farming startups, which, since the boom began within the last five years, have a track record of failure. FarmedHere, a Chicago-based venture, intended to expand nationally but instead went bankrupt earlier this year, citing the difficulty of maintaining financial equilibrium. PodPonics and LocalGarden, ventures based respectively in Atlanta and Vancouver, similarly failed; the business tensions derived from the high cost of technology, and the relatively small return on investment from output and distribution. Given the hefty price tag of developing proprietary growing technologies, not to mention renting pricey urban land, underwhelming harvests (which are common among startups still tinkering with their growing systems) can be financially devastating.
But with the cost of technology (for instance, LED lights, sensor technology, and smartphones, all of which are necessary for indoor farming) falling, and interest in local produce continuing to increase, Lo believes FreshBox Farms has hit on a sweet spot with its growing strategy. The company spends less money growing more product than any other indoor farm in the country, and Lo attributes that to FreshBox's approach to technology, and easily scalable farm setup.
The FreshBox model centers around shipping containers (hence the name of the farm). At the farm in Massachusetts, which currently serves 37 supermarkets in the Boston region, each of FreshBox's 12 commercial products, whether it be kale, arugula, or chard, is grown with hydroponics in its own shipping container; the farm currently houses 15, along with one “Mod”–a modular unit equivalent to nine containers. Conditions inside each container are optimized for each product, but the network as a whole is governed and monitored by the same technology system. By growing crops in separate containers, Lo says, FreshBox can focus on optimizing yield for each product.
The modular system, Lo says, is really what has enabled FreshBox to become profitable just 23 months after launching two years ago. “Because we're modular, we're not waiting for a whole farm to be built out to create revenue,” Lo says. “Once we have a box or two on the ground, we're growing.” FreshBox can have a farm up and running, and selling, within 12 weeks.
The current FreshBox Farm configuration in Massachusetts produces a quarter ton of produce per day, but Lo emphasizes that as the company continues to iterate on the technology it uses and the size of the containers themselves, that number will likely increase. Currently, FreshBox is growing the equivalent of as much as 19 acres of produce in 320 square feet; as FreshBox verticalizes further, that efficiency will grow. “Real estate is a square-foot venture,” Lo says, “But we're dealing in cubic feet.” Meaning that once FreshBox secures a plot of land on which to operate, they can continue stacking shipping containers higher and higher, and maximizing output. The containers on the farm are not yet stacked, but that's a next step, Lo says.
Chad Johnson, center, leaves Broward County Jail in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. The Dolphins terminated the six-time Pro Bowl receiver's contract about 24 hours after he was arrested in a domestic battery case involving his wife. (Jeff Daly/Invision/AP/JEFF DALY/INVISION/AP)
I've had enough of watching people degrade themselves for the sake of ratings or another season.
Sure, it's entertainment and we tune in and watch. I get it if they want to make fools of themselves. That's their choice and our entertainment.
The very sad truth of this reality TV era is that lives are being ruined because of these cameras.
As a former athlete it pains me more to see it play out in the sports world. I once was a fan of “Hard Knocks,” but I admit I always had a hard time seeing how the coaches spoke about players behind closed doors. Well I confirm now that I don't like it at all, and neither should those coaches and players involved.
Some things should remain behind closed doors. The respect factor is compromised when some of the things being captured on film are replayed on television for all to see.
As for the Chad Johnson fiasco, if you ask me, this recent setback was a product of reality TV. He did a masterful job of building his persona beyond football. The only problem is it now has come back to bite him. The same for Terrell Owens or even Hulk Hogan. Reality shows are destroying people's lives, and TV viewers are okay with it. When the cameras stop rolling, the personal messes created continue to play out in the news. Divorces, public feuds — some have even committed suicide. And still, oddly enough, people still want to be on these shows.
Sure, you dated, married or had a child with a professional ball player. You're wealthy and want the world to see how you live. Here's what I don't understand: What makes these people feel as if that gives them the right to go on television and act like juvenile delinquents? Didn't someone in their lives teach them better? Do these people not have enough self-worth not to behave the way they do on camera?
It's sad to see so many people get the chance to be stars on TV, fail horribly at the attempt, and destroy their lives and the lives of those around them. What's even crazier is I'm not so sure they even realize how bad they look. Too many people around them are saying what they want to hear. “It's not you it's everyone else.” Really? Correction: It is you, and you need to wake up. All of you are embarrassing yourselves for a couple of dollars and four minutes of fame. You need to stop.
It's not right, and it's a shame that this is what television entertainment has come to. If conducting yourself in a respectable manner or being a positive example doesn't work for these show producers, then please, people, stop being cast on these shows. You represent more than just yourself.
Please leave your comments here and chat with me on Twitter @lavararrington
Standing at the edge of the pitch, German national team trainer Joachim Löw yells at his players. His shouts may be loud, but for television viewers, they are drowned out by commentator analysis, cheering fans and the whistle of the referee. They are inaudible, a mystery.
Unless you follow Julia Probst's Twitter feed. "Man, Thomas! You gave that away!" she posts, enlightening readers just seconds later as to what Löw shrieked following a bad pass by Thomas Müller.
Probst has no trouble understanding Löw and anyone else both on and off the field caught yelling on camera. The 30-year-old has been deaf since birth and can read lips. Tweeting under the name @EinAugenschmaus ("a treat to the eye"), and using the hashtag #Ableseservice, she reveals all that she sees.
Within seconds, the German manager's inaudible screams are suddenly translated into "Ey -- move!", "Come on, Lukas!" or "Shit, man!"
Probst tells SPIEGEL ONLINE that she prefers to watch match-broadcasts from home, where she can concentrate without being disturbed. "I hold my BlackBerry primed and ready, and as soon as I see something, I start typing," she says.
Though what's said around the pitch hardly qualifies as fine rhetoric, it is certainly enjoyable as gossip. Even if there isn't much to it at times, from a frustrated "Oh my god!" from player Mesut Özil, to Bastian Schweinsteiger screaming "Mario, finish it!" to his teammate Mario Gomez. Or an approving "Yes sir!" from team manager Oliver Bierhoff, watching from the stands.
A Platform for Change
Much of what is said, of course, would be better left unwritten, but Probst reacts to some of the cruder remarks with humor: "Did he mean the ball?" she tweeted after lip-reading one particularly obscene comment.
And though she can see a lot of what's being said, Probst says, "I only tweet when I'm sure that I'm correct. When I understand everything immediately, then I'm certain of it." Her fans clamor to her every tweet, even if it's only a few words long.
Probst has long since become an Internet sensation. Her blog is one of the best-known in Germany, and ABC News named her as one of the 10 most influential people on Twitter, the only German to have made the list. She uses her fame as a platform to campaign on behalf of the deaf and those with other disabilities. Her efforts are already paying off. Video podcasts made by German Chancellor Angela Merkel now include subtitles. Earlier this year, the German television station Phoenix broadcast Merkel's New Year speech with a sign-language interpreter for the first time. Some of German broadcaster ARD's digital content is now available with subtitles.
But Probst wants more. All TV programs should be subtitled she says; news and children's programs should be broadcast with sign-language interpreters. All trains should be equipped with digital read-out boards -- not just audio announcements. And emergency services throughout Germany, she says, should be accessible via text message -- not just phonecalls.
Probst has been providing her football service since 2009. By helping those who aren't deaf, she is raising awareness of the difficulties faced by the deaf. She became especially well-known during the 2010 World Cup in South Africa. She tweeted Bastian Schweinsteiger's motivational speeches prior to matches: "You can't get something from nothing." She kept readers up on Löw's constant complaints during Germany's second-game loss to Serbia: "Shit, I can't believe it!" he shrieked, and "It's a yellow card for everything!"
Wising Up
Probst now has more than 7,700 followers on Twitter. One follower tweeted: "Ableservice from @EinAugenschmaus makes one almost want to watch football."
"In Italy and Spain, lip-readers work for TV and newspapers," says Probst. "You can see that from the way that football players and trainers hold their hands in front of their mouths when talking." The German team is wising up too. In Germany's opening match against Portugal, Mesut Özil did the same.
Probst often gets requests to reveal what is being said in foreign languages. On Sunday, when Germany played Denmark, for example, her followers tweeted to ask her what the Danes were saying. But, Probst says, she can only lip-read in German and English, and only when the camera angle is a good one. "I'm no magician," she says. It was easier, she continues, to lip read during the World Cup in 2010. "There were many more close-up shots of the players and trainers."
At times, however, the football banter is indecipherable even for Probst. "Sorry," she apologized on one occasion as Löw paced the sidelines. "When Jogi screams so furiously, his mouth becomes misshapen." All Probst could decipher was "foot." We can only imagine the rest.
What worked
- The Dockers were No.1 for clearances per game this season. The likes of Nat Fyfe, David Mundy and Lachie Neale feasted off the silver service of Aaron Sandilands.
- The defence continued to stand tall despite a multitude of injuries to key defenders. They were the second-best defence in the league for scores against, even with Luke McPharlin, Michael Johnson, Zac Dawson and Alex Silvagni all missing large chunks of football due to injury.
- The Dockers' fast starts were a huge part of their success this season. They were the best first-quarter team in the AFL for most of the year - but they gave up a 19-point quarter-time lead to Hawthorn in the preliminary final loss.
What failed
- The forward structure and lack of scoring power remains an issue. They were 12th in the competition for scoring per game across the season. Freo scored well in the first nine rounds but really struggled from then on.
- Lack of scores from turnovers. The Dockers did most of their scoring from stoppages. Of the four preliminary final teams, Fremantle was clearly the worst in terms of scoring from turnovers, which has been a strength in the past and is part of the reason for its lack of scoring overall.
-The Dockers were ranked 13th for marks inside 50, highlighting a host of issues including the speed of ball movement, the quality of delivery and decision-making when kicking inside 50, and the lack of marking options inside 50.
Overall rating: 8.5/10
The Dockers put together an outstanding home and away season. They finished top with one round to spare, allowing them to rest players ahead of a home qualifying final, which they won. They were right in the hunt in the preliminary final but critical mistakes at crucial times cost them. They were so close, yet so far from that elusive flag.
The curling torp followed by a captain's kick over the head! Anyway will do for Freo! #AFLFinals #ohwhatafeeling http://t.co/Z756tFoaMV — #AFLGF (@AFL) September 25, 2015
What we said in the pre-season
We expected the Dockers to be a top-four side in 2015 and then from there it was a question of whether they could win the flag. They probably exceeded expectations in the home and away season but the question marks over their ability to win a Grand Final remain.
The fans' rating
The coach
It has been another professional performance from Ross Lyon this season. He made some adjustments to the pre-season training schedule after the disappointment of last season and it led to a dominant first half of the year that set them up perfectly for the finals. But despite his incredible consistency, that coveted premiership cup escaped his grasp again.
MVP
Nat Fyfe . He was the dominant figure in the game for most of the season and thoroughly deserved his first Brownlow Medal. He also won his second AFLPA MVP award and earned his second All Australian selection, and was one vote short of winning the AFLCA player of the year as well. He finished the year with a staggering performance in the preliminary final on a broken leg.
Surprise packet
Lachie Neale. Those who have watched him closely over the past two seasons would not be surprised by what he delivered in the midfield this year, but it was his level of consistency that was most impressive. He averaged 27 disposals and kicked 16 goals to earn an All Australian nomination at just 22 years of age.
Get excited
Alex Pearce. The 20-year-old did not play a single game in 2014 after being drafted in 2013. But after a stack of injuries, he was thrust into a key defensive role this year and showed incredible promise in his 13 matches. He has great athleticism and endurance and will only get better as his body matures.
Disappointment
Colin Sylvia . He was recruited as a high-profile free agent and failed to deliver on expectations. He played six games in two years and retired early in the season after failing to meet minimum fitness and training standards.
Colin Sylvia began 2015 in the WAFL and retired before returning to the senior team. Picture: AFL Media
Best win: The 14-point win over the Sydney Swans, round four, Domain Stadium. Fremantle notched two great wins over the Swans at home this season, with the second coming in the qualifying final. But the first was very impressive as they kicked nine goals to one in a flawless first half.
Low point
The preliminary final defeat to Hawthorn hurt some die-hard Dockers fans more than the Grand Final loss in 2013. They led early, kicking the first two goals, and had their chances all night but unfortunately could not capitalise as well as Hawthorn did.
The big questions
- Will Matthew Pavlich retire? It seems likely, however he still has not made a decision yet.
- Where do they find some quality key forwards? They will be active again in the free agency and trade period, but have been unsuccessful in the past.
- How do they play their best football at the right time of the year? They were untouchable early this season but were never able to recapture that form when it mattered most.
Season in a song Heartbreak Hotel, by Elvis Presley
Who's done?
Retirements: Colin Sylvia retired early in the season after coming to a mutual agreement with the club. Luke McPharlin also announced his retirement. He 18 games in the home and away season but another calf injury kept him out of yet another finals campaign.
Delistings: Craig Moller and Tom Vandeleur have battled at WAFL level and it is unlikely either will be on the list next season. Moller played one game in round 23, 2013 and was an emergency in round 23 against Port Adelaide but the Dockers are flush with ruck stocks.
Trades/free agents: Ryan Crowley and Paul Duffield are the wrong side of 30 and are unrestricted free agents. Neither player has indicated they wish to play elsewhere. Crowley is in a state of flux about his future given his doping ban this season, while Duffield found himself out of the team at the end of the season and would more likely retire than move elsewhere.
Ryan Crowley remains in limbo after serving a doping ban throughout 2015. Picture: AFL Media
What they need
Key forwards have been needed at Fremantle for some time but Lyon said the Dockers needed to add quality across the board if they want to improve. Cam McCarthy would be the ideal fit for the Dockers, who have openly targeted the exciting GWS prospect. Matthew Leuenberger has also been linked to the Dockers but they aren't short on ruck talent, while Zac Clarke re-signed this week. Exciting Suns midfielder Harley Bennell is another who has been linked with a move home.
Premiership clock
1pm. The Dockers have the midfield strength and defensive structures to remain extremely competitive in 2016 and potentially finish in the top-four again. But they need some offensive weapons to win the big finals.
Early call: Third-fifth.
The Dockers will win a lot of games next year and will only run into trouble if they have midfield injuries. The potential loss of Pavlich and McPharlin won't hurt as much as some think but they need to add some quality to win the flag.
Losing a goal in the first five minutes of a match is inconvenient for any team, but the upshot is there is plenty of time to regroup and come back. That is, of course, unless you are Borussia Dortmund, struck down by abysmal form, which leaves them bottom of the league.
Seferovic took advantage of a huge Dortmund mistake
Alexander Meier moved to the top of the scoring charts, striking again for the eighth time this season to put Frankfurt ahead 1-0 in the fifth minute. Dortmund didn't look particularly good for the rest of the match, but at least they held on to hope that they could string together an equalizer if luck was on their side.
All luck evaporated in the 78th minute, however, when a colossal defensive meltdown between Matthias Ginter and goalie Roman Weidenfeller gifted Frankfurt their second goal.
After Dortmund's Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang lost control on the ball at Frankfurt's 16-yard line, Meier played a long ball to Hans Seferovic, who was looking to squeeze in behind the defense.
The ball went straight to Dortmund defender Ginter, whose attempted header back to Roman Weidenfeller sailed right past the keeper who was outside of the box. The miscommunication allowed Seferovic continue his run and easily slot the ball into the open goal to seal Frankfurt's 2-0 win.
Seferovic lifted his jersey after the goal to reveal a written tribute to Tugce on his undershirt, with the hashtags "civil courage," "angel," "courage," and "respect." Tugce was the victim of a violent attack earlier this month and succumbed to her traumatic injuries on Friday.
The loss, Dortmund's eighth of the season, leaves them dead last in the Bundesliga.
Wolfsburg stays in second
In the first of Sunday's two Bundesliga matches, Wolfsburg hosted Borussia Mönchengladbach in a clash of two teams in the thick of the fight for the top positions in the table behind run-away leaders Bayern Munich.
In the 12th minute, after Gladbach failed to clear a corner kick from Kevin de Bruyne, Wolfsburg used their second chance to get the ball to Marcel Schäfer, whose cross was punched away by Gladbach keeper Yann Sommer.
It deflected off of Robin Knoche, who saw the ball land at his feet in front of an open goal and took the shot to put the home side ahead 1-0.
Wolfsburg had the ball in the net just after the hour mark but de Bruyne was clearly offside when he directed Perisic's cross into the goal.
The rest of the game saw Sommer keep Gladbach within striking distance with some excellent goalkeeping, and two consecutive corners for Gladbach late in the game provided the guests with their best chances in the second half, but his teammates could not come up with a goal and lost their third Bundesliga match in a row.
The result sees them drop to fifth in the table, one point behind Augsburg and three behind Leverkusen. Wolfsburg stays in second place and trail table-leaders Bayern Munich by seven points.
The win marks a successful rebound following a midweek loss in the Europa League for the Wolves, although winning after playing in Europe is not uncommon for Dieter Hecking's men this season: Wolfsburg have won every one of their five Bundesliga matches following Europa League contests.
Are there any dangers of meditation?
Today I found myself googling ‘dangers of meditation'. I'm not sure why; I guess, I just wanted to know if anyone else thought there were any negative side effects to meditation.
For a while I've been meaning to write a post on the rules and regulations that can come with spirituality, certain mediation practices and religions. However, I can discuss all of these things in this post.
Because meditation is so subjective there are no right answers when it comes to compiling a list of the dangers of meditation. Everyone, after all is different. Meditation might bring up trauma or unresolved issues from the past at which point you might need to see a therapist or the meditation teacher should be made aware before hand. Alternatively, you might jump into a practice too soon and feel overwhelmed or experience a disturbing kundalini energy awakening.
1. Blindly following rules
I've been to many meditation classes as well as staying in an ashram for a few weeks in India and although many of these experiences have been amazing, with some of them I felt like I was being force fed instructions — ‘My way is the only way' problem. This, for me is one of the main dangers of meditation so be careful and make sure you ask lots of questions.
The beauty of meditation is that there are thousands of different ways to do it so if someone is telling you that a particular meditation is the most effective or is better than others, I'd keep an open mind. Never dismiss something without first questioning, but at the same time, never blindly follow. And never feel stupid for asking lots of questions.
2. Bad communication
When you practise yoga, a good teacher will ask you if you have any injuries. If you go for acupuncture you'll be asked for a brief medical record. However, a lot of the time when you go to a meditation class or you sign up for a meditation course, you don't have to communicate any of these things.
Although it looks like you're just sitting doing nothing, meditation can be incredibly powerful. You don't know what might come to the surface. I've read about people who have said they felt worse after meditation in the following months of doing a specific course only to be told by the teacher that they were likely to have been suffering from something prior to the meditation. Whether this is true or not, there's no way of knowing unless everyone embarking on a meditation course provides a medical history or tells the teacher of any problems they've had.
Meditation hasn't been explored scientifically for that long despite the fact that it has been practised for hundreds of years.
3. The dark night of the soul
You might have heard of this term before as it can be associated with meditation or even brought on by meditation. When the dark night of the soul makes an appearance it isn't pleasant. Whether you want to call it depression, sadness or a loss of meaning in life — the dark night of the soul might come about when you've been meditating to gain greater truths about the world we live in and what our true nature is. This, however, is supposed to be a phase that comes and goes despite the fact that it might seem unending and painful at the time.
For more information about the dark night of the soul, read Eckhart on the Dark night of the soul
4. Spontaneous kundalini awakening
You may or may not have heard of kundalini energy — the coiled serpent power that lies sleeping at the base of the spine. Certain meditation practices and kundalini yoga help to awaken this dormant kundalini energy. However, sometimes it can awaken spontaneously which can be a frightening experience. Some side effects may include a pressure in the head, tingling in the spine, mood swings and more. Read more about the dangers of kundalini energy awakening.
5. Becoming too attached to incredible meditation experiences
For a while, after I had an incredible meditation experience, I couldn't stop thinking about it and every time I would try to get back to that state through meditation and would fail and feel disappointed as a result. Attaching yourself or letting the ego identify itself with your meditation experiences could hinder your spiritual growth. Never think you are special or gifted just because you've had an interesting or mind blowing experience with meditation. Always be willing to learn more.
6. Feeling that you have to be perfect
Perhaps as a beginner, you'll be more honest with yourself and acknowledge that you're a human being with imperfections like everyone else. But, as you continue with your meditation practice over many years, there might be a tendency to try to hide imperfections or pretend you're something you're not. Just because you've been meditating for many years does not mean you've failed if you still get irritated or feel anger. I think this is really important. Also, no one should put anyone who has been meditating for a long time on a pedestal — treat everyone equally.
7. Going too far with non-attachment
Non attachment always sparks a lot of debate. What does it actually mean? How do you detach yourself from the things you like and why do this anyway?
Certainly in Buddhism and many other meditation practices, it's advocated that to reach enlightenment, nirvana or whatever you want to call it, you mustn't cling or attach yourself to the things in life you enjoy or love. I feel that it could be dangerous to then get rid of all your material possessions and go and live in strict isolation for years — this is the extreme scenario.
However, equally, if you take non attachment literally and stop doing the things you love doing, you could end up feeling very detached from the world and people around you.
Personally, I believe non attachment means the realisation that your likes, tastes, dislikes, opinions, thoughts…are not your real self no matter how much your ego might fight. Aggressively stopping the things you enjoy could be incredibly damaging to you in the long run.
8. Pushing yourself with the wrong type of meditation
Always trust your intuition when it comes to trying out a new meditation practice. This is obviously easier said than done, but if after a few sessions, it really doesn't feel right, try another class or meditation style. Never blindly follow and never feel stupid for asking questions.
9. Using meditation as a substitute for therapy
Don't expect meditation to cure all of your problems or think that it's an easy fix. While meditation might help, ask yourself if you should also speak to someone too or see a therapist. You are the best judge of this. Never use meditation to escape from existing or underlying problems.
10. Facing suppressed emotions
When you start to meditate regularly, suppressed emotions or things you haven't thought of for years might come to the surface of your mind which might be difficult or upsetting to some people. While this is a natural part of the meditation process, you should feel like you have someone to talk to if you ever become scared by the thoughts that arise.
If you'd like to read about more dangers of meditation check out the website of the meditation teacher, Lorin Roche PhD
If you found this article useful please share it and support ThoughtBrick by liking our Facebook page and signing up to the ThoughtBrick newsletter on the right side of the screen.
Key Information
Precinct Caucus Location
Hawaii has closed caucuses — Hawaii residents must join the Democratic Party to vote for Bernie! However, Hawaii residents may join the Party on the day of the caucus.
The caucus will be held on Saturday, March 26, 2016 at 1PM at a location near you. We recommend you try to arrive by 12PM when the line starts so you can sign in and have your party membership and voter registration confirmed before voting in the Presidential Preference Poll. Please allow time for parking.
If the line is short, the voting period may end shortly after 1:30PM. But if the turnout is large, voting will go on for much longer. Everyone who arrives while there is still a line will be allowed to vote, so it is difficult to predict when the opportunity to vote will end.
Register to Vote: You can register to vote on the day of the caucus. To make the lines go more quickly on that day you can print out your form at home and bring it with you all filled out. If you or anyone goes with you needs to register please print a form from this link. Join the Democratic Party of Hawaii: You can also become a member of the Democratic Party of Hawaii on caucus day. You can help keep the line moving quickly by printing out a form found at this link and bringing it with you." Find your caucus location and get there on time: You can use the caucus location finder at the top of this page. Volunteer to help: A caucus is a volunteer run process and our campaign depends on your help. To lend a hand, please sign up to volunteer here.
How long does it take?
Depending on the lines, it could take less than an hour to sign in and cast your ballot for President. However, we are asking supporters to please stay for the election of delegates and precinct officers, which will happen towards the end of the caucus.
Is same day registration allowed?
Hawaii Caucus rules allow you to register to vote and join the Democratic party at the caucus and still participate. If you have friends who are not registered, please invite them to attend. If you can, it may be helpful to print forms out in advance and bring them with you on caucus day to help keep lines moving. Links are above.
I'm only 17. Can I vote at the caucus?
You may still caucus in Hawaii if you will be 18 years old by November 8, 2016.
Can college students vote at the caucus?
A college student must be a legal resident of Hawaii in order to be able to caucus for Bernie in Hawaii.
More Information
If you have any questions about voting in the Hawaii Democratic caucus you can contact the Democratic Party of Hawaii for more information.
Democratic Party of Hawaii
Phone: (808) 596-2980
October 25, 2010 4:42 pm ET — Matt Finkelstein & Alan Pyke
Earlier today, Political Correction reported that right-wing groups have spent at least $95.5 million to run more than 100,000 TV ads since August 1. While the ads are spread out across the country, these groups have invested heavily in the most highly populated state in the nation, California. In a state where Meg Whitman, the Republican nominee for governor, has personally spent over $140 million on her campaign, outside groups have chipped in to run 6,928 ads in support of Republican candidates.
Among the organizations sponsoring ads, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce has been the most active, running 3,667 since the beginning of August.
Coming in second with 1,177 is the absurdly named Committee for Truth in Politics (CTP), which is best known for dishonestly claiming that Barack Obama supported the early release of sex offenders. Notably, CTP "makes no public disclosure of its finances" and maintains that all disclosure requirements are unconstitutional.
American Crossroads (330) and Crossroads GPS (369), the double-barreled ad blaster created by former Bush advisers Karl Rove and Ed Gillespie, have combined for 699 ads, good for third in the state (click to enlarge):
Many of the ads, including the 856 targeting the health care reform bill, are filled with standard conservative talking points. However, California has also seen some of the most outlandish attacks, such as this ad from the Taxpayer Network suggesting that Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-CA) voted to provide Viagra for "convicted child molesters." Read more about ads running in California here, here, here, here, and here.
Last week coming into this game, we talked about the importance of line play against Arizona State. We know one of those groups showed up, as the Aggie defensive line balled for the entire contest, driving Arizona State into submission. The Aggie offensive line? Very sketchy. We're going to spend a lot of time today talking about that group.
But before we get there, let's highlight how well the defense played. It's no secret that new Texas A&M defensive coordinator John Chavis has made quite an impact for this Aggie squad. You can watch this squad and immediately see the coaching turnaround from the little things this group is doing that they weren't in 2014. Take this play from LB Shaan Washington as an example --
Washington reads this play immediately and he gets down to the line of scrimmage to prevent Arizona State from setting the edge. This forces the Sun Devil ball carrier back inside where the rest of the defenders are waiting. It doesn't seem like much, especially since this play ended up gaining decent yardage, but these are the type of things the Aggies weren't doing in 2014. This was the same type of play that Missouri's Russell Hansbrough took to the sideline and scampered for a touchdown last year. These are the defensive fundamentals that a good unit has to have. This, along with finally being able to tackle in space, could vault the 2015 Aggie defense into one of the top units in the country.
Now, to the offense.......
Arizona State Blitzkrieg
Going back and re-watching the game, I was a little shocked how all-out Arizona State went on the defensive side of the ball. They decided coming in they were going to bring at least 5 defenders on every single play, if not 6 or 7. This was something they most likely picked up on from watching film of how John Chavis himself used to attack us at LSU. Here is an example of their extreme rush. These three plays are all from one series, back to back.
To accomplish the blitzkrieg, they would usually bring one of their middle linebackers. Additionally, they also decided to crash their outside linebackers on every single play, and this ended up giving us the most trouble on the night. But to protect the backside of their defense due to this crashing outside linebacker, they would also take their nickel corner out of coverage and bring him close to the line of scrimmage, just in case we got cute with running some kind of reverse. Taking their nickel out of coverage gave them a lot of flexibility in using their linebackers in both run and pass blitzes. Let's go to the 4th and 1 Arizona State stop as an example.
You can see on this play #28 of ASU leaving the slot receiver and coming towards the line. This allows #58 Salamo Fiso to fully commit to stopping the run, and ends up making the play in the backfield. If we watch this play, there was nothing that the offensive line could do to really prevent this. In fact, without Fiso crashing in, we pick up this first down. The right side of the line in Germain Ifedi and Joseph Cheek are doing their job and driving their man off the line. Center Mike Matthews has his man turned. This should have been enough for Tra Carson to pick up the first down, but we didn't have anyone to account for Fiso all night long. We simply just got out-schemed on this play.
In-Game Adjustments
How could we have prevented the blitzkrieg? For one, we desperately needed an extra blocker for this game. Having a viable tight end would have made a lot of difference. We did at times bring #47 Caden Smith into the game as an extra blocker in the backfield, and he usually did try to block backside and prevent the defender from crashing down. Why we didn't use more of Caden on Saturday night is unclear. But it is very clear -- we need to find a reliable TE on this roster. Maybe that is Caden Smith, or maybe it is someone else, much like we went to Ben Compton at the end of last season. One guy who could possibly fit that role is Koda Martin. Whoever it is, we need to get them developed and ready to play because Arizona State's blueprint to beat us is now on tape for the rest of our opponents to see and utilize. We will see this again later in the season.
We also at times wanted to use our second running back as a blocker. In the first quarter we brought in both Tra Carson and James White at the same time, and that combination was working well. Here is an example of Carson blocking the backside defender for White's run.
Unfortunately, White would leave the game with an injury not long after this play. We potentially could have seen that look a majority of the night had White been healthy and it might have eased some of our offense's woes.
Another thing we could have done more was making Arizona State pay for taking their nickel corner off the slot receiver and leaving their safety matched up in coverage. We did do a little of this as an in-game adjustment, as shown here.
You can see in that video the Sun Devil nickel corner leaving Christian Kirk to come towards the line, and we make the throw to Kirk. The issue here was that the action in the backfield was too slow; we needed to get Kirk the ball quicker on that screen. That should have been an automatic check anytime the QB saw the nickel corner coming towards the line. Eventually, Christian Kirk would score the game sealing touchdown with the same adjustment.
Grading the Offensive Line
So now that we understand what Arizona State was doing, let's get back to the offensive line. How well did they play? This question should be broken up into individual players and their positions. True freshman Keaton Sutherland started the game at left guard for Texas A&M, but he was promptly pulled from the game after the first drive, and Jeremiah Stuckey played for the rest of the game. Stuckey also didn't play that well of a game. He did get beat with pressure a couple of times in pass protection, but the biggest issue was his inability to drive his man off the ball. There was very little movement off the line of scrimmage from him. Avery Gennesy started at left tackle, and he ended up playing a mixed game. We saw flashes at times of Gennesy being a good player, but there were also times where he did not finish the play. Too many times we saw him disengage from his man early and stand around and look at the play while it was still going on. We have to have offensive linemen that are finishers. Gennesy should be a good player in time. This was his first game action in two years. The rest of the line played fairly well. Mike Matthews is never going to be a guy who drives his man off the line, but he does play with good technique and was able to turn his man on most run plays. Joseph Cheek and Germain Ifedi played very well on the right side. Each had their moments where their man got the best of them, but overall they did their jobs. Left guard is where we are gong to see most of our issues this fall and is currently the weakest link.
One thing we didn't see too much of on Saturday night was pulling linemen. Several times when fans got an opportunity to watch AggieFBLife's Periscope of practice, we saw a lot of pulling linemen in power and counter plays. We didn't see any of those plays in the first half, but we did see some of it in the 2nd half, like this run play. These run plays were actually some of our best gains on the ground for the night.
Expect to see more of these looks as the season progresses.
Overall, was the play calling bad?
I honestly wouldn't say it was bad. I know it is easy to hate on Jake Spavital. If anything, I would say we got out-schemed from a formation standpoint. We should have committed to having an extra blocker in the backfield for the entire game, whether it had been Caden Smith or someone else.
One thing you have to consider is the constant switching of Kyle Allen and Kyler Murray in and out of the game. Had we stuck with Allen for the full game, then going with that extra blocker is a must. But with Murray in the game, you kind of want to spread the defense out and give Murray room to scramble. You don't necessarily want to bring the defense in closer. So, it was a delicate balance of formation selection based on situation and what QB was in the game at the current time.
QB Controversy?
We can already see the Aggie faithful are splitting into two fractions, the Kyle Allen club and the Kyler Murray truthers. So should we name either the starter the rest of the season? I'm actually okay if we decide to rotate in QBs, depending on game flow. It's unconventional and something I wouldn't necessarily agree with, but when Kyler Murray was in the game, it changed the Arizona State defense. All of a sudden they couldn't send their blitzkrieg and had to leave defenders back to "spy" on Murray for when he ran. That helped take some of the edge off their blitz packages in the final quarters when Kyle Allen re-entered the game. It's never a bad thing to have Kyler Murray waiting in your back pocket and causing defensive coordinators to worry about both QBs and game plan for both QBs heading into the game.
Final Thoughts
When I woke up Sunday morning, I was really concerned that the A&M offense was going to be our anchor holding down the 2015 team, and not the defense. But after going through and re-watching the Arizona State game and understanding what the Sun Devils were doing that really flustered us, I'm a little more confident that this was a one-game anomaly than a predictor on what is to come the rest of the way. But like I mentioned, Arizona State's attack is now on film and will serve as a blueprint for the other eleven teams we face this season. We'll see that type of attack again, most likely from Arkansas and definitely Ole Miss. We will have to be prepared going forward. Improvement from the left side of the line, a healthy James White, and finding a tight end on the roster will go a long way to improving the 2015 Aggie offense.
The Futility of Work - Volume I: Motivators
Rated 5.00 / 5 based on 1 reviews
The defining characteristic of humanity has long been our work, but the question as to why we labor so has never fully been answered. Today, The Futility of Work takes a long-hard look at this question and more. Volume I delve into the inner psyche as to the universal forces that motivate us all into action. More
Every creature the world-over works to survive, yet all humans seem to possess a penchant for working that surpasses the needs of survival alone. So, what are we working for? From where do we derive our desire to work? The Futility of Work attempts to tackle the fundamental questions of our desires – and the efforts we are willing to put forth in achieving them. In Volume I: a distinction is made concerning what it means to be human (as opposed to just another animal), work is clearly defined along with its cause, and the universal motivators that inspire all human kind to work are covered.
With the current state of world affairs and recent changes in the meaning of “The American Dream”, it is more important than ever to understand the genuine value of work, the forces that motivate us, and how to apply them for real-world results. A call to quit chasing dreams and start living the life that we have been given, The Futility of Work is one of a kind in its realistic and unabashed viewpoints on all that makes us human – our work.
Alexander Zemlianichenko Jr/Bloomberg via Getty Images
High fructose corn syrup — an ingredient in everything from soda to ketchup to pickles — has such a bad reputation that the Corn Refiners Association (CRA) wants to change the name of the popular sweetener to “corn sugar.”
The CRA argues that high fructose corn syrup is simply sugar and is no more harmful than any other popular full-calorie sweetener, like sugars derived from beets or sugar cane.
While some data links high fructose corn syrup to higher rates of obesity, some cancers and diabetes, compared with sugar, the evidence is inconclusive — though that doesn't ease the public's fears. The AP reports that “Americans' consumption of corn syrup has fallen to a 20-year low on consumer concerns that it is more harmful or more likely to cause obesity than ordinary sugar, perceptions for which there is little scientific evidence.”
But some nutritionists and endocrinologists who specialize in diabetes argue that high fructose corn syrup tricks people into eating more food. When glucose (contained in sugar) enters the bloodstream, it stimulates production of insulin and of a hormone called leptin, which signals to the brain that the body has eaten enough. By contrast, the fructose contained in high fructose corn syrup doesn't stimulate the production of leptin. Studies also show that fructose is processed into fat more quickly than is glucose.
Due to manufacturing, high fructose corn syrup contains 45% glucose, which is found naturally in corn, and 55% fructose. The body processes these sugars differently.
The American Medical Association says there is not enough evidence to suggest that high fructose corn syrup is linked to poor health. And other experts argue that other full-calorie sweeteners are no better.
“Soda pop sweetened with sugar is every bit as conducive to obesity as soda pop sweetened with high fructose corn syrup,” Michael Jacobson, executive director of the Center for Science in the Public Interest, told the AP.
The real problem is getting sugar — of all kinds — out of our diet. Because high fructose corn syrup has a long shelf life and is cheaper to produce than cane sugar, it's a popular ingredient in wide variety of processed and packaged foods. The U.S. Department of Agriculture calculated that the average American consumes 35.7 pounds of high fructose corn syrup per year.
For more, see the Mayo Clinic's advice on high fructose corn syrup consumption.
More from Time:
Better-Nourished Babies Grow Up to Be Haler, Heartier Don Juans
Why Can't Americans Eat Their Veggies?
Leafy Greens May Cut Diabetes Risk
It's only been 12 years since the Detroit Lions vacated the Pontiac Silverdome for Ford Field in downtown Detroit. In the dozen years following the departure, the Silverdome has slowly but surely morphed into a post-apocalyptic-looking dome.
Unlike other superdomes of its days like Seattle's Kingdome, the Silverdome has never been imploded or demolished and is still standing. Perhaps a demolition is best for the decrepit stadium site.
In May, there will be an online auction to sell almost anything you can imagine from the stadium: seats, scoreboard machines, popcorn machines, and toilets.
The fabeled roof to the Dome collapsed a little more than a year ago, resulting in a football field's worth of rain, snow and wind damage to the interior of the stadium, including seats and its once-famous artificial turf.
In a video by clickondetroit.com, you can see the damage done to the dome. There's never-ending pouring rain puddles thanks to the severed roof. There are collapsed portions of the roof scattered throughout the field. There are weeds and brown weathered blades of grass spiking up through the artificial turf.
Check out the full video tour of the current Silverdome below:
video platform video management video solutions video player
(h/t: Fox Sports)
It should be no surprise that residents have donated to the successful campaign to get a medical marijuana referendum on the November ballot, and that some are predicting the county will vote overwhelmingly for the measure on Election Day.
Gainesville has had a long, strange trip with marijuana — from Hempfest doobie tosses and a residential compound known as Fort Ganja to Gainesville Green's renown as a strain of pot.
So it should be no surprise that residents have donated to the successful campaign to get a medical marijuana referendum on the November ballot, and that some are predicting the county will vote overwhelmingly for the measure on Election Day.
But should 60 percent of Florida voters say yes and the initiative pass, residents who believe cannabis will help with a medical condition will not be able to simply waltz into a shop and buy some.
First, lots of regulations will have to be written on who can buy, where they can buy and who can sell. That process will take months.
"All of this will have to be hashed out in the regulatory process and the Legislature," said Ben Pollara, campaign manager for United for Care, the organization that spearheaded the initiative.
In the meantime, state lawmakers are not waiting to see if the referendum will pass. Several have already filed bills to allow medical marijuana in certain conditions.
Among those sponsoring legislation is state Rep. Rob Bradley, R-Fleming Island, whose district includes Alachua County.
About 6.17 percent of Alachua County's 152,958 voters signed petitions to put the initiative on the Nov. 4 ballot. Pinellas County was tops at 12.5 percent.
While Alachua County's numbers were not particularly high, local advocates of the measure say they believe county voters will support it on Election Day.
Alachua County Commissioner Robert "Hutch" Hutchinson, who last year asked Sheriff Sadie Darnell to stop charging people with misdemeanor amounts of marijuana, said he believes the county will go big for the measure.
"In Alachua County, it will pass — I'm going to predict right now — 78 percent in favor," Hutchinson said.
The referendum was launched by prominent Orlando attorney John Morgan, who said his late father began using marijuana near the end of his life to ease symptoms from cancer.
Contribution reports from the Florida Division of Elections show that about 40 Alachua County residents donated to the campaign.
Most were small contributions — $25, $50. A Gainesville dentist donated $1,000.
However, $30,000 was donated in three contributions of $10,000 each by Michael Singer of Alachua.
The Sun contacted the Temple of the Universe in Alachua to learn if its founder, Michael "Mickey" Singer, was the campaign donor. Messages had not been returned by late Friday.
Singer founded Medical Manager Corp., a company that produces software for medical practices, in Alachua in 1981. It later was bought by WebMD Corp., Emdeon Corp. and Sage Software.
Singer was one of several company officials charged with fraud in a federal indictment related to the company's earnings. He agreed to pay a $2.5 million settlement.
The nonprofit Temple of the Universe is a meditation and yoga center. Singer is also an author and has been interviewed by Oprah Winfrey.
Singer's most notable charitable gift was the donation of a painting by French impressionist Claude Monet, "Champ d'avoine," to the Harn Museum at the University of Florida.
Several people who donated to the campaign to legalize medical marijuana said they support it because they had used marijuana to ease pain and the side effects of cancer treatment.
One contributor, who asked to remain anonymous because of marijuana's illegality, said he used it because of progressively worsening back and hip pain before he eventually got surgery.
"It really helped me when I tried it. I think it did it for me. It doesn't work the same way as narcotics, but it did help," the contributor said. "I'm happy it's on the ballot. I think it will help others if it passes."
If the measure passes, the Florida Department of Health will be the primary agency overseeing the certification of patients who qualify for cannabis and the "medical marijuana treatment centers" from which they will get it.
If the measure passes, the department will have six months from Jan. 6, the effective date of measure, to develop regulations that will include:
* Procedures for issuing identification cards to patients with physician certification.
* Procedures for issuing cards to caregivers of qualified patients.
* Procedures for the registration of treatment centers that include issuance, renewal, suspension and revocation of registration, and standards to ensure security, record keeping, testing, labeling, inspection and safety.
* A regulation that defines the amount of marijuana that could reasonably be an adequate supply for a patient's medical use, based on the best available evidence.
The Legislature's Office of Economic and Demographic Research used six approaches to estimate how many people might qualify as patients. Among them was a review of other states with medical marijuana and the number of people with various diseases that would qualify for marijuana use.
Estimates ranged from 452 to more than 1.6 million. The lower number reflects a slow rollout of the program, while the higher number is based on people who self-reported marijuana use, the report states.
Meanwhile, the DOH estimates the number of annual patients would be 417,252 if the program were to be fully implemented. It also estimated that another 250,351 caregivers would qualify to get marijuana for their patients.
DOH estimates the state would have 1,789 registered treatment centers.
The estimates are based on data from Colorado and Oregon, which have medical marijuana programs, according to the legislative report.
The Sun requested an interview with the DOH for more information but instead got an email stating, "The Florida Department of Health will follow the law and will not speculate on any future action."
Meanwhile, bills have been filed in both the state House and Senate for medical marijuana. Senate Bill 1030, filed by Bradley, would allow use of certain non-smokeable types of marijuana to be used for serious illnesses including epilepsy-associated seizures in children.
The type of marijuana used for seizures is known as "Charlotte's Web" and it has been shown to have some success, Bradley said in a press release.
"Charlotte's Web helps patients improve their quality of life and offers hope to patients desperate to provide relief to their children," he said. "While many Floridians have significant concerns about medical marijuana being misused, SB 1030 offers a new opportunity for Floridians who have not found relief with current medications."
You wake up with your mouth dry, rubble and dust choking the inside of your brain. You're not even sure where you are, or why you're there, and then the pieces come together in a panicky rush - you were out drinking last night, and you got loaded, and you don't remember what happened at all. Your memory stops at a certain moment and after that there are vague impressions, some that line up with the bruises and cuts on your body, and others that feel like half-remembered snippets of an impressionistic art film. You're afraid to talk to your friends and find out what you said, and forget about checking your outgoing texts (you knew you should have deleted all your ex's numbers). What did you do? What did you destroy? How did you fuck up your own life?
This is one of the metaphors made literal in Nacho Vigalondo's brilliant, thrilling and insightful Colossal. In the movie Anne Hathaway is Gloria, a blogger whose party lifestyle and binge drinking tear her life apart; dumped and unemployed she retreats to the small town from which she escaped a decade ago and discovers a bizarre secret: at 8:05 every morning when she is standing in just the right section of the local playground she manifests a giant kaiju in the streets of Seoul, South Korea. And she doesn't discover this because she's up early exercising - she discovers it when stumbling home from a night of after hours drinking, and she learns that in her bleary state she caused billions of dollars in damage and killed hundreds, if not thousands.
Early reviews focused on this, but blackout drinking isn't the only thing on Vigalondo's mind here. What Vigalondo is really interested in is male entitlement, in nice guys who are actually monsters and in the way internet trolling works. See, when Gloria returns to town she runs into Oscar (Jason Sudeikis), who has known her since grade school. He gives her a job at his bar, and he keeps buying her things, being just the nicest guy you could ever hope to meet. But when she's not into Oscar things start to get ugly, and he gets mad, and he gets violent.
Oh, and by the way: Oscar is the only other person who can do what Gloria does. Except that he steps into the park he manifests a giant mecha in Seoul. And unlike Gloria he doesn't care what damage he causes. See, those people are far away and not real to him, much like people on the other side of a computer screen are not real to the Gamergaters who harass and dox them. And if Gloria won't love Oscar he has no compunction against wreaking some havoc on Seoul in revenge.
Hathaway is pretty incredible in Colossal; she's playing a burnt-out fuck-up with real conviction and honesty, but her innate charm allows us to root for her, even after she wakes up and watches a news report about the disaster she caused the night before. Sudeikis, meanwhile, is giving a performance unlike any I have ever seen from him - he nails the “m'lady” nice guy thing AND the transformation into vindictive monster (or maybe it's revelation, not quite transformation) with sleazy perfection.
Vigalondo's script gives both actors a lot to work with; the filmmaker's natural mode is empathy, and even the terrible Oscar has humanity. It never excuses him, but at the same time Vigalondo doesn't use his pathetic nature - his failed career, his filthy house - as a punchline. He's sad, and the way he's dealing with his sadness is terrible. Gloria is sad, and the way that she deals with her sadness is… well, troubling at first but eventually we watch as she starts to get her shit together and overcome.
And we haven't even discussed the kaiju. Colossal operates largely as a deconstruction of a certain kind of romcom trope, but it's also a pretty legit kaiju movie. Vigalondo has given a lot of thought to this world, and the way that people react to the giant monster and the giant robot feels not only realistic but in line with his larger allegorical concerns. What's more, the monster and the robot are COOL, and their battles are fun. Because the kaiju projection does whatever the people in the park do, the tussles are mapped to physical confrontations between Gloria and Oscar, and that allows Vigalondo to have a little bit of fun with how man in suit battles play out - we all know that we're watching Godzilla slapping Mechagodzilla, not quite punching it, and that's how it works in Colossal too.
Colossal reminds me of Vigalondo's last large scale film, Extraterrestrial. I quite liked that movie for what it attempted - like Colossal it's a film whose emotional metaphors are made literal in scifi tropes. But where Extraterrestrial wasn't always successful, Colossal is a totally assured work that is tightly tuned from the script all the way up to the acting. Vigalondo is at the top of his game, adeptly juggling a lot of ideas while still making a movie that is funny and fun. It's inspiring to watch as he comments on modern society while poking fun at romcoms while lovingly embracing giant monster movies while being emotionally honest and raw, all at once. Colossal is a giant, thundering success.
I have been testing out Runecast Analyzer in my lab recently – it's pretty badass, you can set it up to scan your virtual infrastructure at a vCenter level and will scan your vC, VMs and hosts looking for KBs that may apply, security compliance and best practises.
As you can see my lab isn't exactly a model config when it comes to any of these things:
It's really very cool, syslogging is also built in, if you add it as a syslog target to your hosts (RCA can do this automatically too) it will monitor the syslogs incoming and search the KB database for any matching problems – I actually found that some of my iSCSI paths weren't coming up after failover due to this!
So, this is all well and good, but why am I talking about Runecast? It is the thing that prompted my to look at the vSphere 6.0 U2 bug that relates to VMXNET3 adapters in this KB – I had vSphere Update Manager installed so decided to update as it is trivial.
Made sure VUM was using the latest patches with a “Download Now” and hit the vCenter root object, navigated to Manage -> Update Manager and scanned all objects against the attached baselines, all seemed to be going well then it bombed out at the end with Could not scan host and a little more digging (scanned an individual host) yielded Error code: 99 .
So diving through the VUM logs on the Windows guest the agent was installed on at:
C:\Users\All Users\VMware\VMware Update Manager\Logs
The log file we are concerned with is the latest available that matches the filename vmware-vum-server-log4cpp.log roughly, open it up in notepad++ or another text editor and run another scan in vCenter. We should be able to see a line similar to the one here:
[2016-05-15 00:47:01:772 'SingleHostScanTask.SingleHostScanTask{14}' 4292 ERROR] [singleHostScanTask, 399] SingleHostScan caught exception: 99 with code: 129
A few lines later we can see this:
[2016-05-15 00:47:02:035 'HostUpdateDepotManager' 4016 ERROR] [hostErrorHandler, 73] esxupdate error, version: 1.50, operation: Scan, host: mgmt01.lab.mylesgray.io, entityName: host-661 error code: 99, desc: Cannot merge VIBs Dell_bootbank_OpenManage_8.3.0.ESXi600-0000, Dell_bootbank_OpenManage_8.3.0.ESXi600-0000 with unequal payloads attributes: ([OpenManage: 7807.439 KB], [OpenManage: 7809.081 KB])
This is telling us exactly the reason why the scan cannot complete:
Cannot merge VIBs Dell_bootbank_OpenManage_8.3.0.ESXi600-0000, Dell_bootbank_OpenManage_8.3.0.ESXi600-0000 with unequal payloads attributes
There is a VMware KB for this behaviour here, it is also referenced on Dell's forums with no resolution.
So, to quickly fix the problem I reinitialised the VUM database by shutting down the VUM service on the Windows box, opening an elevated command prompt, navigating to the VUM installation folder and running the following command, per this KB:
vciInstallUtils.exe -O dbcreate -C . -L .
I'm sure some of you are wondering, why not just remove the VUM Baseline I created for the Dell iSM and OMSA VIBs and re-scan?
I had of course tried this, but the patches still exist in the VUM repo, I had not found any concrete method for removing a patch from the VUM repo DB, so a nuke of the DB it was.
After that operation completed, I associated critical and non-critical patch baselines to the vCenter root object and re-scanned and success!
However, this did solve the initial goal (update esx-base on all hosts to account for the VMXNET3 adapter bug), but now we have a problem in that, I have the Dell OMSA 8.3.0 VIB installed on all hosts already and would like to continue distributing this with VUM.
It would appear from the before threads I found that the VIB installed on the hosts and the VIB with the same patch ID pulled from the Dell VUM depot (http://vmwaredepot.dell.com/index.xml) were different as shown in the VUM logs on the agent Windows VM:
unequal payloads attribute: ([OpenManage: 7807.439 KB], [OpenManage: 7809.081 KB])
The easiest solution I could think of to make the VIB compliant with the Dell VUM Depot was to just remove the VIB from each host manually with esxcli :
//find out what the VIB name is [[email protected]:~] esxcli software vib list | grep Dell OpenManage 8.3.0.ESXi600-0000 Dell PartnerSupported 2016-04-10
Now that we have the VIB name ( OpenManage ) we can remove it from the host:
//enter host into maint mode and allow DRS to vMotion VMs [[email protected]:~] esxcli system maintenanceMode set --enable true //remove Dell OMSA 8.3.0 VIB [[email protected]:~] esxcli software vib remove --vibname=OpenManage Removal Result Message: The update completed successfully, but the system needs to be rebooted for the changes to be effective. Reboot Required: true VIBs Installed: VIBs Removed: Dell_bootbank_OpenManage_8.3.0.ESXi600-0000 VIBs Skipped: //reboot the host [[email protected]:~]reboot
When the host comes back up exit maint mode:
[[email protected]:~] esxcli system maintenanceMode set --enable false
Add the Dell VUM Depot back into the VUM config, run “Download Now” to grab the patches:
Add to baseline:
Attach to the host we just removed the VIB from to test and run a rescan on it:
Now that VUM is successfully rescanning the host we can again stage and remediate the host(s):
Host comes back up and ran another re-scan there we have it:
Hopefully this will help some poor souls out there who wasted time on this too!
Why not follow @mylesagray on Twitter for more like this!
Show some love: Reddit
Twitter
Pocket
LinkedIn
Email
Telegram
Chelsea thrashed Tottenham to set up an FA Cup final meeting with Liverpool - but the victory was accompanied by fierce controversy that renewed the debate over the need for goalline technology.
The scoreline reflects an emphatic win for Roberto di Matteo's side as they received the perfect lift before Wednesday's Champions League semi-final first leg against Barcelona at Stamford Bridge.
Spurs, however, were left complaining bitterly that they were the victims of an injustice that swung the destiny of this all-London confrontation decisively in Chelsea's favour when referee Martin Atkinson made a crucial intervention just after the interval.
Chelsea were leading through Didier Drogba's goal when Ledley King and Benoit Assou-Ekotto blocked Juan Mata's shot in a chaotic goalmouth scramble.
I spoke to [the referee] and he said he feels worse than I do about it - I said 'I don't think so' Harry Redknapp Tottenham manager
The ball did not appear to cross the line, a view supported by television replays as Blues captain John Terry also joined the melee, but referee Atkinson awarded the goal - to the obvious anger of Spurs and their management team.
Harry Redknapp's players pleaded with the officials to reconsider, but their protests were in vain and Chelsea had taken a decisive hold on the game.
Gareth Bale gave his side hope with a goal shortly afterwards but the real damage was done and Chelsea reasserted their authority to finish easy winners with further goals from Ramires, Frank Lampard and Florent Malouda.
Chelsea will point to that victory margin as confirmation of their superiority - but Spurs will complain their hopes of turning the game around were damaged fatally by Atkinson's decision.
The referee seemed well placed to award the goal, but video evidence suggested the protests were well founded and the incident only strengthens the case of those lobbying for technology to assist officials.
Drogba's Wembley ways Didier Drogba has scored seven goals in seven Wembley appearances and more times at the national stadium than at any other venue apart from Stamford Bridge.
Before kick-off, a section of Chelsea's support sadly let themselves and their club down by held in memory of the Hillsborough disaster and for Livorno midfielder Piermario Morosini, who collapsed and died after suffering a heart attack during a Serie B game on Saturday.
After early sparring, Spurs started to take control as the interval approached and twice came close to taking the lead. Terry blocked Rafael van der Vaart's header on the line and the same player saw his cross strike the post after Adebayor was unable to apply a touch.
So it was against the run of play that their London rivals took the lead two minutes before the interval through Drogba. He rolled William Gallas inside the area before flashing a stunning finish high past keeper Carlo Cudicini.
The second half was only four minutes old when the moment arrived that will leave Spurs and their supporters nursing wounds about this semi-final forever.
Media playback is not supported on this device Mata goal lucky - Di Matteo
David Luiz and Terry challenged for headers and when the loose ball fell to Mata, his shot was blocked on the line by a bundle of bodies that included King, Assou-Ekotto and Terry. Referee Atkinson was swift to award the goal as Mata wheeled away in celebration - much to the disgust of the Spurs players.
Fuelled by their fury, Spurs surged forward and gave themselves hope after 56 minutes when Scott Parker's precise through-ball released Adebayor. He was pulled down in the area by Cech but referee Atkinson allowed play to continue for Bale to roll the ball into an empty net.
The goal also cost the Blues the services of Luiz, who was injured in attempting to clear and was taken off on a stretcher and replaced by Gary Cahill.
Media playback is not supported on this device Goal nowhere near line - Redknapp
Tottenham pushed forward in an attempt to complete the recovery - but only succeeded in leaving themselves wide open to Chelsea's attacks and Redknapp's side ended in total disarray.
The Blues reopened their two-goal advantage with 13 minutes left when Mata found time and space to play in Ramires, who lifted a composed finish over Cudicini as the keeper came out.
All that remained was for the west Londoners to complete the formalities and they did so in style against a Spurs side thoroughly demoralised in the closing stages.
Lampard's spectacular free-kick from 30 yards left Cudicini helpless and, with Redknapp's men waiting to be put out of their misery, Malouda escaped the attentions of their defence to add a simple fifth to confirm that it is Chelsea who will be back at Wembley to face Liverpool on 5 May.
Live text commentary
As Twitchy reported early Thursday, a 32-year-old Australian citizen of Afghan descent was arrested after targeting Christmas shoppers with his car. Both the driver and a second man, who was photographing the aftermath of the attack and who also reportedly had three knives on him, were arrested.
Police initially said there was no evidence that the incident was terror-related and that the driver had a history of mental health issues.
UPDATE: Police say driver in Melbourne car incident is Australian citizen with history of mental health issues; say no evidence incident is terror-related https://t.co/KA9juJlKgn — Reuters Top News (@Reuters) December 21, 2017
However, later in the day, police said the suspect was motivated by “perceived mistreatment of Muslims” but had no known links to any terrorist groups.
Breaking: Victoria's Acting Police Commissioner tells @SkyNewsAust the alleged Flinders Street attacker ‘attributed his actions to perceived mistreatment of muslims' but has no known links to any extremist group pic.twitter.com/axJU7gg3UA — Amy Greenbank (@Amy_Greenbank) December 21, 2017
So the man of Afghan descent who drove his car into a crowd of Christmas shoppers because he was upset about mistreatment of Muslims still doesn't count as a terrorist.
So the mental lone wolf didn't like how muslims were "mistreated" so decided to run down heaps of people with car. But it's *not* terrorism!?! ok… https://t.co/fQdfwIczT4 — Tweety McTweeterson (@Tweetenhoffer) December 21, 2017
Doesn't make sense,thought he was an ice addict with mental illness https://t.co/3axLyWbihQ — samuel abbs (@abbs_man) December 21, 2017
Wait. I thought he was just a depressed guy with a drug problem. #religionofpeace #MelbourneAttack https://t.co/gXyc6Syj0N — Betsy Brantner Smith (@sgtbetsysmith) December 21, 2017
Well the tropes didn't last long, did they… https://t.co/PCzkAmDrb6 — Andrew Lockley (@andrewjlockley) December 21, 2017
Just another moderate Muslim driving cars through crowds, completely unrelated to terrorism… this Orwellian explanation is a bit much even for the current environment. https://t.co/9MvHrOSOxV — Jacob Kampen (@jacobkampen) December 21, 2017
Still saying it's not terror related? https://t.co/gZZFVPEvQ4 — Nolan ??? (@Nolo4dolo) December 21, 2017
Doesn't matter if you have "no known links with terrorist organizations" or have mental health issues or smoke curried tortoise shell. If you commit an act of terror, you ARE a terrorist. https://t.co/R1KzIQbdug — Mum on a Mission (@ethannahs_mum) December 21, 2017
Well, that's OK, then. So long as he had no links to any extremist group… https://t.co/gXjLP8iOCP — Eileen Toomey-Wright (@ToomeyWright) December 21, 2017
"…no known links to any extremist group." Besides being Muslim, of course. https://t.co/GHscmKn4eh — TexitMachine (@BrowningMachine) December 21, 2017
The extremist group he belongs to is called Islam. https://t.co/yDiLQIibxf — Winter Darknet Reptile Shapeshifter (@winter_darknet) December 21, 2017
Ah, so it was an Islam thing. You could've knocked me over with a feather to find that out. Really. I'm shocked. Just shock-zzzzzzzzzz https://t.co/GzSk67ez00 — MonBossyMothma-WR (@nowhere_nh) December 21, 2017
Forgive me for my suspicions, and for casting a cold eye on the Australian police analogy, but when a man from Afghanistan rams a car at top speed, into innocent Melbourne pedestrians, 4 days before Christmas, I say, if it looks, swims and quacks like a duck, it could be a Jihad. — Cllr Brian Murphy (@brianmurphycllr) December 21, 2017
Related:
‘Deliberate act': Christmas shoppers attacked in Melbourne; ‘Up to 19' injured; Driver is ‘Australian citizen of Afghan descent'
Professional football player Kurt Warner drove a high-powered St. Louis Rams offense to a Super Bowl victory, and collected MVP honors along the way.
Synopsis Kurt Warner was Born June 22, 1971, in Burlington, Iowa. His football career has proven to be of the more improbable rags-to-riches stories ever to come out of the sports world. Warner, a 28-year-old no-name back-up, catapulted to stardom in 1999. During his second full year in the NFL, he drove the St. Louis Rams offense to a Super Bowl victory, and collected MVP honors along the way.
Early Life Professional football player. Born June 22, 1971, in Burlington, Iowa. Kurt Warner's football career has proven to be of the more improbable rags-to-riches stories ever to come out of the sports world. Bypassed by the big Division I colleges, and at one point working the graveyard shift stocking shelves at a supermarket so he could stay in football shape during the day, Warner, a 28-year-old no-name back-up, catapulted to stardom in 1999. During his second full year in the NFL, he drove a high-powered St. Louis Rams offense to a Super Bowl victory, and collected MVP honors along the way. ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website Over the ensuing decade, Warner captained two other teams to the Super Bowl, registered another MVP season, threw for more than 200 career touchdowns, and started talk about a possible Hall of Fame induction. ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website Kurt Warner was raised primarily in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, the youngest of two sons born to Gene and Sue Warner, who divorced when Kurt was just four. Warner and his older brother, Matt, lived with his mother, who patched things together with a string of low-level jobs, sometimes holding three of them at a time. Warner struggled to forge a relationship with his mother's new husband, whose five-year marriage with Kurt's mom was far from harmonious. Where Warner found solace was in sports. While attending Regis High School in Cedar Rapids, he excelled in basketball, baseball, and football. After earning the starting quarterback position his junior year, his high school coach, recognizing Warner's on-the-field intelligence, allowed his QB to sometimes call his own plays.
Early Career By Warner's senior season in 1988 he'd played himself to state honors, earning a trip to Iowa's Shrine Bowl, a game that features the state's top players. There, he led his squad to victory and took home the MVP. Disappointed by the lack of interest from any bigger college football programs, Warner ended up at the University of Northern Iowa in Cedar Falls, a Division I-AA school that wasn't exactly famous for churning out NFL talent. Initially excited about staying closer to home, Warner's enthusiasm for the college—where he majored in communications—and its football program, waned. After redshirting his freshman year, the quarterback was relegated to the bench for the next three seasons. He thought about quitting, and only stayed on after his parents convinced him. Finally, in the fall of 1993, Warner took hold of the starting position, leading the Panthers to an 8-3 record, a playoff birth, and conference honors as the Offensive Player of the Year. Besides earning some long deserved football cred, Warner's time at Northern Iowa was shaped by the meeting of Brenda Meonio, a 25-year-old single mother of two young children, including a son Zach who had suffered a brain injury when he was an infant. Brenda and Kurt quickly grew close, and when they married in 1997, Warner legally adopted his wife's children. Since then, the couple has gone on to have five additional kids, including twin girls born in December 2005. Despite his senior season success, Warner's dream of playing in the NFL seemed unlikely to be realized following his graduation in 1994. He went undrafted, and while the Green Bay Packers invited him to training camp, the team cut him just five weeks after the signing. Still, Warner held on to his dream. He took a job in Cedar Falls stocking supermarket shelves for $5.50 an hour, trained during the day at his old college, and told anyone who would listen that he'd be an NFL quarterback some day.
NFL Star In 1995, Warner was asked to play for the Iowa Barnstormers of the Arena Football League. There, his accurate and strong arm set a host of league passing records and eventually caught the attention of the Rams, a struggling NFL franchise that sent him overseas to play in the NFL's European league in the spring of 1998. Again, Warner turned in more eye-popping numbers, leading the league in passing yardage and touchdowns. The performance was good enough to help him land the third-string job for the Rams that autumn, a season in which the club turned in a 4-12 record. Everything changed the following season when, in late August, the team's starting quarterback went down with a season-ending knee injury. In his place, the Rams turned to Warner, who'd played well enough in camp to earn the backup position. Just as he did in college, Warner came up big, throwing 14 touchdowns in his four games, two more than the team had passed during the entire 1998 season. Football talking heads and fans were enthralled and amazed not only at the quarterback's rise, but also by how the player's talent could be overlooked by so many scouts and coaches. "There's no way to quantify Warner's commanding pocket presence, his ability to release the ball just before the rush arrives or the amazing array of passes he can throw with chilling accuracy," wrote Sports Illustrated. Earning a paltry, by NFL standards, $250,000, the league minimum for a second-year player, Warner and the league's highest powered offense, dubbed "The Greatest Show on Turf", sprinted to a 13-3 record and a Super Bowl win in which the quarterback threw for a record 414 yards and was the game's MVP. "People think this season is the first time I touched a football; they don't realize I've been doing this for years, just not on this level, because I never got the chance," Warner told reporters. "Sure, I had my tough times, but you don't sit there and say, 'Wow, I was stocking groceries five years ago, and look at me now.' You don't think about it, and when you do achieve something, you know luck has nothing to do with it." Over the next several seasons, Warner, who signed a four-year contract in 2000 for more than $46 million, proved his worth, throwing for more big yardage and touchdowns. He then led the Rams to a second Super Bowl appearance two years later, in which Warner's heavily favored club lost to Tom Brady and the New England Patriots. That same year, Warner captured his second league MVP award.
Off the Field In a league where a number of players are fairly outspoken about their religious faith, Warner is particularly vocal. In practically every interview, the born-again Christian is quick to credit God not only for his success, but also for determining where he's played throughout the course of his career. In 2001, with his wife Brenda, Warner established First Things First, a charity that helps those in need. The Warners' generosity extends even to going out to eat. Often, Kurt picks up the check for a family at another table. Warner's kids choose the unsuspecting customers, who are never told who paid their bill. On the field and with the Rams, Warner chose the jersey number 13 as a way to show his disdain for superstition and other things that don't line up with his faith.
This article is over 7 years old
Universal in talks to follow-up Carrey's 2003 hit, this time with Yes Man writers Jarrad Paul and Andrew Mogel
Brace yourself for the second coming: Jim Carrey is set to star in a sequel to his 2003 hit Bruce Almighty. Universal is in talks to bring back the story of frustrated television reporter Bruce, who is granted omnipotence by God, played by Morgan Freeman.
The original film ends with Bruce willingly returning his powers and proposing to girlfriend Grace (Jennifer Aniston).
According to Variety, the studio have enlisted Yes Man writers Jarrad Paul and Andrew Mogel to work on the next instalment.
Bruce Almighty made over $485m (£313m) at the box office and is Carrey's highest grossing film ever, after 2000's How the Grinch Stole Christmas. Carrey's last film, Mr Popper's Penguins, made just under $187m.
In 2007, Universal released Bruce spin-off Evan Almighty, a retelling of the story of Noah's Ark, starring Steve Carell as Bruce's newsroom colleague. Both films were directed by Carrey's long-time collaborator Tom Shadyac, who worked with the actor on Ace Ventura: Pet Detective (1994) and Liar Liar (1997).
Carrey and Carell will reunite on screen next year in Burt Wonderstone, a film about Las Vegas magicians.
Universal is delving further back into its archives for the studio's 100th anniversary by restoring and re-releasing a selection of classic films including To Kill a Mockingbird, Dracula, Jaws, All Quiet on the Western Front and The Birds.
UPDATE: Reuters-Ipsos Poll Showing Hillary Up by 6 Pts. Sampled 44% Democrats, 33% Republicans (Actual Result Trump +2.5%)
THIS ISN'T MEDIA BIAS — THIS IS MEDIA FRAUD–
The latest Ipsos-Reuters poll has Hillary up 6 points over Donald Trump.
For this poll, Ipsos spoke to 1705 Americans, of whom 752 were Democrats.
That's 44 percent of the total.
Only 29 percent of Americans identify as Democrats.
Ipsos spoke to 570 Republicans for the poll.
That's 33 percent of the total.
That's media fraud.
Prepare for the landslide.
UPDATE: Via Zero Hedge —
Using Reuters' data, Hillary supposedly has a 6-point lead over Trump. However, if we alter the sample data to reflect what Pew says is the real distribution of democrats versus republicans (i.e. 33% vs. 29% , respectively) and apply the same support levels by party affiliation it results in an 8.5% swing toward Trump who would have a 2.5% lead….very inconvenient.
EPA Move To Increase Scientific Advisory Board Transparency Applauded
BY MICHAEL SANDOVAL Western Wire
Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt announced Tuesday he planned to curtail the practice of distributing research grants to scientists appointed to the agency's scientific advisory boards to improve their “independence and transparency and objectivity.”
“If we have individuals who are on those boards receiving money from the agency, sometimes, to the tune of tens of millions of dollars, that calls into question the independence of the recommendations that come our way,” Pruitt said, speaking at a Heritage Foundation event. “Next week, I will issue a directive that addresses that, to ensure the independence and transparency and objectivity with respect to the scientific advice that we are getting at the agency.”
“Reforming EPA's advisory boards will strengthen public trust in the EPA and the science the agency uses to justify its policies,” Thea McDonald, communications director for the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, told Western Wire.
“Chairman Lamar Smith has long advocated for a more balanced and transparent membership on the advisory boards, especially after conflicts of interest and a lack of transparency became prevalent during the Obama administration,” McDonald said. “In fact, the committee and the full House this year passed a bill by committee Vice Chairman Frank Lucas, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act, to accomplish these goals.”
“It's terrific that EPA chief Scott Pruitt is taking this long overdue step to eliminate the Obama EPA practice of stacking scientific advisory boards in order for them to rubberstamp EPA overregulation as science-based,” Steve Milloy, lawyer and author of “Scare Pollution: Why and How to Fix the EPA,” told Western Wire.
“For too long EPA paid outside scientists to publish agency friendly ‘science' and then had the very same scientists review and approve their own research under the guise of independent peer review,” Milloy said.
Milloy, who served on the Trump EPA transition team, praised the work of the Sen. Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.) and the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for calling attention to this EPA practice, which Milloy called “corrupt” in a March 2012 op-ed.
“Senator Inhofe and the House Science Committee have been big champions of fixing this broken, if not illegal system. But their efforts have been thwarted by Senate Democrats trying to protect the unlawful EPA. This has left the task up to EPA chief Pruitt who is now taking action,” Milloy said.
“Chairman Smith looks forward to the official announcement from Administrator Pruitt next week and is supportive of his efforts to restore independence and objectivity to the advisory boards,” McDonald said.
In February 2016, Inhofe wrote to Obama's EPA Administrator, Gina McCarthy, criticizing the lack of transparency and what he characterized as a revolving door, with EPA grant recipients receiving the prestigious appointments.
“I have observed EPA, under the Obama Administration, cherry-picking the same allies to serve on this advisory committee and its subcommittees at the expense of having an open and robust process for selecting external advisors,” said Inhofe. He pointed specifically to those chosen by EPA for its Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee (CASAC).
“The majority of CASAC members have also received considerable financial support from EPA, which calls into question their independence and therefore the integrity of the overall panel,” Inhofe wrote.
Milloy's 2012 research demonstrated that six of the seven CASAC members at the time had received or were still receiving research grant funding totaling nearly $80 million.
Milloy's investigation was prompted by an exchange at a House Energy and Commerce Committee hearing that same year, when Rep. Joe Barton (R-Texas) pressed then-EPA administrator Lisa Jackson on whether such a practice yielded scientific objectivity, or was, as he outlined, inappropriate for the scientific advisory board.
“You fund research with grants to people who also serve on your review committees. Is this a conflict of interest? Almost every single member of your Clean Air Science Advisory Committee has been directly or indirectly funded for research,” Barton said. “This hand-and-glove policymaking by those appointed to also do your research and being funded by you at the same time is not appropriate. They are often asked to review other research they themselves were a party to on the original research team. How could one possibly expect them to be objective in any way?”
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Although Nintendo technically confirmed it in January, there hasn't been much said about the fact that ARMS doesn't require motion controls to play. Those who see motion controls as nothing but a novelty from the Wii era will be glad to hear ARMS producer Kosuke Yabuki confirm the fact in a recent interview with Edge Magazine.
Although Yabuki goes into some detail in the interview about the benefits of using motion controls, he also says “I hope people will pick the play style that suits them,” implying the use of motion controls is more a matter of preference rather than actually benefiting the gameplay. In his words:
“The true feel of ARMS comes when you're holding both Joy-Con controllers in the Thumbs-Up grip. You can throw punches from each hand with real precision as you dash or jump around, allowing for a lot more depth for your fighting style. It's possible to throw a straight punch as a feint for your first blow, then curve your second punch to where your opponent runs to. But ARMS doesn't require you to use motion controls. I hope people will pick the play style that suits them.”
Yabuki goes on to say:
“Because we were using motion controls, we worked hard to make sure that while you could play simply by waving your hands, you couldn't win against a good player by just doing that. Making games accessible while still maintaining plenty of depth is a never-ending problem in videogame development, and we have taken on that challenge with ARMS as well.”
While I don't personally have anything against motion controls as long as they enhance gameplay, there is no denying ARMS has a whiff of Wii Boxing around it, which while fun, didn't really offer any longevity. This hopefully won't be the case with ARMS, with Nintendo constantly announcing new features and characters in a bid to prove its depth.
We'll have to wait and see how good the button controls actually are, but for now at least the fact that ARMS doesn't require motion controls suggests Nintendo are trying to cater for all kinds of gamers.
"TGIF." (Courtesy Kenny Rufino's Flickr)
Is there even a 7 train anymore, or is it all an illusion of the mind, like Descartes's melting wax? Last year, the 7 was suspended between Times Square and Queensboro Plaza for 13 weekends, and now it looks like Ol' Purple's up to her old tricks, intermittently shutting down service between Manhattan and Queens for 22 FRIGGIN WEEKENDS starting next month. Brooklynites, hug the L train tight tonight.
The MTA tells us the closures are, once again, thanks to the "the continued installation of CBTC (Communications-Based Train Control), the replacement of critical track panels, and reconstruction inside the Steinway Tube under the East River," although at this point they might as well dig up all the tracks and convert the line into a flying hover train. Here's the new shutdown and revised service schedule, courtesy of the MTA: cry at will.
DK102
I Love Your Lifestyle - Touch / Fire 7" EP
I Love Your Lifestyle are 5 long time friends from Sweden. Their aim has always been to take the fun out of American indie and emo acts and combine it with the melodic yet melancholy sense of the Swedish music tradition. Since most of the band members discovered music through heavy metal and punk, they ended up somewhere in between all these things. The result is a kind of mind blowing mixture of squeamish feelings, catchy melodies and nostalgia.
STREAM HERE
Dog Knights Bandcamp
TRACKLISTING
Touch
Fire
All orders placed through the Dog Knights store come with free flyers, stickers and digital download codes whenever possible. The more you order; the more free stuff you get.
All orders are usually dispatched within 24 hours unless it is a pre-order item. In that case, read the item description carefully and check the social network pages for updates.
If you believe your order has gone missing or arrives damaged by your mail carrier, please email dogknightsproductions@hotmail.co.uk. Any rude customers will be ignored.
If you have been charged too much for postage, send an email to receive a partial refund. Please note that postage costs include PayPal fees/packing costs.
Please read the FAQ section for more information.
Jenna Jameson returning to porn five years after she announced her retirement. AP Photo Five years after publicly announcing her retirement from porn, Jenna Jameson is returning to the world of adult film for the sake of her family.
"My motivation is taking care of my family and having fun and meeting all my fans," the 39-year-old told TMZ Monday.
Jameson's return to the industry she swore she had left behind comes at a time when the popular porn star is in need of some financial help.
She recently lost her Hollywood Hills home to foreclosure, got a DUI last year after crashing her car into a light pole, and is separated from Tito Ortiz, who claims she has an addiction to Oxycontin.
In an interview with "Oprah: Where Are They Now?," Jameson cited her family as the reason she initially left the adult industry.
"I made a promise to my children when they were in my tummy that there is no way I could ever, ever, ever go back," she said at the time.
Jameson's latest foray back into porn comes in the way of a webcast in which she strips and performs sex acts online in exchange for tips.
At her peak, Jameson's Internet pornography company, ClubJenna, hit revenues of $30 million in 2005 and with her sex toy line and videos, was recently worth a reported $10 million.
Watch an out-of-it Jameson talking about her career switch below:
Unfortunately your browser does not support IFrames.
Photo: Artist's concept of Pallos and its proposed satellite, based on 1980 observations, by William K. Hartmann, from “The Grand Tour,” by Ron Miller and William K. Hartmann, Workman Press, 1981.
by Eric Drexler
From L5 News, September 1983
The “The Asteroidal Manifesto” (in the February L-5 News) was an opening broadside in an open debate on lunar vs. asteroidal resources. It maintained that we must choose where to go first for space resources, and outlined a case for the less obvious option, for the more distant and less Earth-like asteroids. Last month's News carried a reply from geologist Stephen Gillett, outlining some advantages of the Moon.
A JPL scientist has questioned the wisdom of debating this, suggesting that we simply study all options because we now know too little. Indeed, most agree that the Moon and asteroids both deserve study (either could serve if the other vanished), and that both have advantages. Yet, though much remains to learn, much is known. Facing uncertainty in a decision analysis, it is standard practice to use tentative judgements to guide further study.
Though one option may seem likely to prove inferior (making commitment to it unwise), further study of it often makes sense; study is cheap when it has a fair chance of saving billions. With this principle in mind, debate may be seen not as premature, but as preliminary. The debate format, by stirring rebuttals and encouraging a point-by-point consideration of the facts, can help to clarify our overall state of knowledge; we may know more than we realize.
Donning my partisan hat, I will now respond to some of Stephen Gillett's points, starting with the proximity issue. He argues ably for the value of the Moon; nevertheless, the asteroids seem better.
Access to Asteroids
The Moon's proximity offers obvious advantages: short travel times make human crews safer and cheaper, and brief light-lag eases control of remote operation. If, however, initial “mining” operation will simply fill bags with loose material, then virtually unsupervised devices — sweeper robots — seem practical; neither travel time nor light-lag then matter much, and the advantages of proximity fade. As space industry grows, human beings will have the run of the Solar system; even earlier, semi-autonomous robots could likely handle more than mere dirt-sweeping. Meanwhile, complex processes can be confined to near-Earth space.
The relative motions of Earth and any given asteroid make good transfer opportunities relatively infrequent, and infrequent transfers would increase the inventory cost of resources stockpiled for use between deliveries. The main cost tied up in this inventory, however, would be that invested in its transportation. Low delta-V's, aerobraking, and use of efficient, low-thrust propulsion systems promise to make the transportation cost of asteroidal materials far less than that of lunar materials; this seems likely to swamp the effect of inventory costs.
Still, a systems analysis would be needed to quantify the costs of infrequent launch windows. For example, how greatly will schedule inefficiencies decrease the useful operating time of propulsion systems? How rapidly do such costs lessen as the number of surveyed target asteroids grows? Such factors can only be estimated now, but the overall prospects look good. With many target asteroids, more windows will open and such costs will lessen; a modest search should find many as accessible as the best now known. Further propulsion systems (such as Lightsails) could make many known asteroids easy to reach. Asteroids seem more accessible than the Moon, despite their greater distances.
Orbiting Ores
The sheer size of the Moon increases the possiblilities for ore formation, at least compared to those in a smaller version of itself. Separation on a vast scale, however, matters less than the degree
of concentration. If some process swept up all the uranium in a typical cubic kilometer of the Earth's crust (the volume of a small asteroid), the resulting block of uranium would mass over 10,000 tons. If, however, all the uranium in Earth's crust were concentrated a hundred-fold, a block more massive than any asteroid would result, but it would hold a mere 400 parts per million. Greater concentration would be worth more than greater quantity, particularly to a small-scale industry. Uranium itself, of course, seems worth little in free space, given the steady flood of sunlight.
Separation processes have concentrated materials in both the Moon and asteroids. Geochemists classify elements as siderophile (chiefly found in the iron phase), chalcophile (chiefly found in the sulfide phase), lithophile (chiefly found in the rock phase), and volatile (chiefly found — or lost — in the vapor phase). The Moon is enriched in refractory lithophile elements, but at the expense of depletion in siderophile, chalcophile, and (especially) volatile elements. The asteroids, in contrast, vary: rocky asteroids are enriched in lightophile elements; nickel-iron asteroids are enriched in siderophile elements (and often hold nuggets of sulfide); carbonaceous chrondrite asteroids, while not enriched in volatiles (compared to the Sun or Jupiter), nevertheless contain abundant water and hydrocarbons. Some asteroids, such as the chrondrites common near Earth, hold a separable mixture of grains of metal and sulfide in a rocky matrix containing traces of water and carbon. The Moon's separation discarded too much.
The refractory lithophiles Gillett mentions include aluminum, titanium, and magnesium; these may seem attractive for space use, since they are “aerospace metals.” Asteroidal (that is, meteoritic) samples hold up to 27% aluminum oxide (1), and some carbonaceous chrondrites contain veins of water — soluble magnesium salts (2) — the Moon has no monopoly on such metals.
Surprisingly, however, space industry has little special need for light metals. “Aerospace” today suggests vehicles, devices flung about repeatedly (or thrown very high) by burning fuels; low mass is important to their performance. Space industrial facilities — factories, stations, powerplants — will be different: in use, they will simply orbit, as would a feather or boulder. Added mass can even help, by blocking radiation and slowing oribital decay.
Simple delivered cost seems most important, and this will include the costs of both transportation and refining. Energy requirements can indicate relative costs. Call the energy needed to lift a kilogram from the Moon one unit. Returning a kilogram from a target asteroid will require less than one unit; melting and refining a kilogram of
asteroidal steel will require about a half a unit. The energy needed to break a kilogram of light metals free from lunar oxides, however, is roughly ten units. Further, asteroidal steel can be melted and refined using inexpensive heat from a solar furnace, while planned processes for reducing lunar oxides require expensive electric power. Process complexity issues likewise seem to favor steel.
For low-cost space construction, asteroidal steel seems best; a low-expansion nickel-iron alloy (Invar) could be used to avoid thermal distortion. Where low mass matters, graphite and plastics are becoming popular, and asteroidal hydrocarbons provide a feedstock unmatched on the Moon. For market value on Earth, precious and strategic metals from asteroids seem attractive; see John Lewis's review in this issue. I know of no lunar materials superior to terrestrial ores. (The suggestion that lunar titanium might find a terrestrial market was incorrectly attributed to me in The High Frontier; O'Neill apparently confused me with another researcher.) Asteroids, however, hold siderophile metals like those that sank to Earth's core — separated, yet not beyond reach.
Shown here is a nickel-iron meteorite from Canyon Diablo, Arizona — also known as Meteor Crater. This Coarse Octahedrite is composed of 90% Iron, 8% Nickel, and 1/3 of an ounce per ton Platinum. Tiny shock induced black diamonds called “carbonados” appear in some specimens. (From the Collection of Robert A. Haag, Tucson, AZ.)
Speculative Prospects
Stephen Gillett discusses the possibility of lunar ores enriched in incompatible elements (those not easily incorporated in crystals of common minerals as magma cools and solidifies). He notes that water is commonly considered vital to concentrating incompatible elements in the residual liquid as magma solidifies, but proposes that traces of chlorine and sulfur might have played a similar role to that of water in the dry lunar magmas; KREEP shows that some concentration occurs. The experiments he suggests seem well worth doing, to see if ores containing “chlorine, lithium, beryllium, zirconium, uranium, thorium, the rare-earth elements, and so forth” might indeed have formed. These elements are not critical to early space development, however, and chlorine — perhaps the most valuable, given its many uses in industrial chemistry — makes up 0.8% of the soluble salts found in carbonaceous chondrites (2).
One can equally well speculate regarding possible asteroidal ores not yet seen in terrestrial samples, of course. The Moon has been sampled in relatively few sites; likewise, most meteoritic samples are thought to come from relatively few parent bodies (3). Some classes of meteorite are represented by but one specimen, suggesting that some — represented by none — remain unknown. Nickel-iron meteorites contain a spectrum of nickel contents ranging up to 34% — except for one that contains 62% (1). Our lunar samples contain grains thrown from far across the lunar surface; do they contain comparable evidence for unusual concentrations of valuable materials?
The asteroids, though smaller and faster-cooling, seem a match for the Moon as targets for speculative prospecting. Vesta, for example, appears basaltic and differentiated (like the Moon) and has over one-tenth the Moon's diameter. Many meteorites were melted and resolidified; asteroidal materials contained water, which perhaps mobilized incompatible elements. Further, comparing rock to rock, metal to metal, and sulfide to sulfide, concentrations of trace elements have been found to vary from sample to sample by factors of several hundred or more (4).
Hydrothermal processes (surely lacking on the Moon!) form many terrestrial ores; they require porous rock saturated with water, together with heating to drive convection, dissolve compounds in a large volume, and deposit them in a smaller volume. Some carbonaceous chondrites show veins of water-soluble salts; other signs point to their having been water-saturated for at least a thousand years (3). The cores of some asteroids melted, showing the presence of ample heat. Thus, hydrothermal deposits are not inconceivable. Similarly, deposits formed by volatilization and subsequent condensation in vents seem possible; metals such as tin and lead might be concentrated by such a mechanism. Finally, the composition of asteroidal rocks before and after their melting and differentiation strongly suggests that a sulfide phase, troilite, may be found in massive veins (5). One troilite-rich meteorite is known; any pure troilite meteoroids are thought to be destroyed by atmospoheric entry (as are those carbonaceous chondrites richest in water and organics). In short, the asteroid's known resources seem better than the Moon's, and their unknown resources seem more promising.
References:
1. B. Mason, Meteorites, (1962).
2. F.P. Fanale, et. al., Science, 186:922 (1974).
3. A. Anders, Space Science Reviews, 3:583 (1964)
4. A. Smales et. al., Geochima et. Cosmochima Acta, 31:673 (1967).
5. Geochima et Cosmochima Acta, 28:1055 (1964).
Richard Peña, director emeritus of the New York Film Festival, shared his top picks from decades of watching Chinese cinema.
Goddess (1934) Wu Yonggang, director
“A very, very important film.”
The Big Road (1934) Sun Yu, director
“These two from the 1930s were made by commercial filmmakers but by people who were from kind of left-progressive movement in Shanghai at that time. They're about either resistance of the Japanese or emancipation of women, or a lot of things that were a part of the agenda back then.”
The Spring River Flows East (1947) Cai Chusheng and Zheng Junli, directors
“One of the great hits in all of Chinese film history.”
Crows and Sparrows (1949) Zheng Junli, director
“A Fascinating work because it was actually shot while Shanghai was still occupied by the Kuomintang [Nationalist forces], but then it was released into the P.R.C., so it's a nice ‘bridge film' between those two eras.”
The Red Detachment of Women (1961) Xie Jin, director
“A real classic and quite a beautiful film in an era when access to films was quite difficult.”
Early Spring in February (1962), Xie Tieli, director
“Not easy to see this one, but another great from this period.”
Two Stage Sisters (1965) Xie Jin, director
“A really great film and not as hard to find, along with ‘Red Detachment of Women'.”
Breaking with Old Ideas (1975) Li Wenhua, director
“In the 1970s there's not much because of the Cultural Revolution. This is a classic of the period and a wonderful expression of the mindset, even if it's a little bit of a slow slog for two hours.”
The Legend of Tianyun Mountain (1980) Xie Jin, director
“One of Xie Jin's last great films.”
Yellow Earth (1984) Chen Kaige, director
“The beginning of the Fifth Generation, along with Red Sorghum, In the Wild Mountains, The Horse Thief—these are fantastic, classic Chinese films from that era.
The Horse Thief (1986) Tian Zhuangzhuang, director
Hibiscus Town (1986) Xie Jin, director
“Among these directors last great films.”
Red Sorghum (1989) Zhang Yimou, director
To Live (1994) Zhang Yimou, director
“I am a great fan of this film.”
Xiao Wu (1997) Jia Zhangke, director
“All of Jia Zhangke's films should be seen. I think he's the most important filmmaker in China.”
Platform (2000) Jia Zhangke
“In the 2000s, the most interesting films are coming from a circle of filmmakers around Jia Zhangke.”
Suzhou River (2000) Lou Ye
“Lou Ye is not exactly a part of the Jia Zhangke circle, but this film is a great one.”
Ghost Town (2009) Zhao Dayong
“There are a number of independent documentary filmmakers whose work bears noting, many coming out through a company called dGenerate Films, which has a wonderful selection of underground or unofficial Chinese films. This one is a fantastic documentary that we showed at the New York Film Festival. It's a great film about the economic impact of extremely remote rural areas of rural China where whole towns have emptied out, leaving only old people and kids. A very, very powerful work.”
Season 5 of Game of Thrones may not be over but preparations for season 6 are well under way, and casting season has begun! And the first casting breakdowns have found their way to our inbox, thanks to some great sources.
There's a bit of a twist this year though. Since past role descriptions have leaked, the show has wised up and left the names off the write-ups this year.
But that's not a problem for Game of Thrones fans, is it? We love a good casting puzzle. And some of these parts are obvious, even without the names.
Let the casting speculation begin!
The first role on the table is…
Pirate, man in his 40's to late 50's. He's “an infamous pirate who has terrorized seas all around the world. Cunning, ruthless, with a touch of madness.”
He's a dangerous-looking man. A very good part this season.
We'd heard unconfirmed rumors that Theon's uncle Euron Greyjoy would be appearing in season 6, and this sounds like him, more than his brother Victarion.
Next up is the one I'm personally most excited about:
Father. Aged 50's to 60's, he's one of the greatest soldiers in Westeros- a humorless martinet, severe and intimidating. He demands martial discipline in the field and in his home. It's described as “a very good part” for next year and that he's “centrally involved” in a protagonist's storyline.
This is a clear description of Randyll Tarly, Sam's abusive father and the famous soldier mentioned by Stannis Baratheon a couple episodes ago. Some had guessed the discussion might mean we're seeing him next year, and they were right.
The next three characters appear to be linked to this storyline- most likely Sam's mother, brother Dickon and one of his sisters. All have the same comment about being centrally involved in a protagonist's storyline.
Mother, in her 50's. She's a sweet, plump, and adoring mother, and has a soft spot for one of her children who benefit from her decency.
Sister, in her early 20s. She's a kind, friendly and unpretentious woman.
Brother, in his early to mid-20's . Athletic, a good hunter, an excellent swordsman, manly, not particularly bright but the favourite child of the father.
Next up:
Priest, in his 40's or 50's. A gruff ex-soldier who found religion. Now a no-nonsense rural priest who ministers to the poor of the countryside. He's salt-of-the-earth man who has weathered many battles.
Sounds like Septon Meribald, although it's a little surprising we'd see him next year instead of this year. If it is him, that hints at someone surviving the season.
A few more roles:
Leading Actress, in her early 40's, she's an elegant actress with a traveling theatre company. Fun, charismatic, rum-drinking actress in the troupe.
Priestess. Mid-20's to early 30's. Any ethnicity- she's beautiful, intense, and magnetic.
Fierce Warrior, a tall man in 30's or 40's with a powerful physique. They're looking for someone with “mixed ethnicity” for the role.
They're also searching for a trio of young boys with very specific descriptions. My instinct says another flashback- perhaps this time via the weirwood network?
A large boy, with an actor who is 10-12 but playing 7 or 8. He's described as “a clever boy” who seems too large for his age. He's big and tall but not fat. “Characterful squat features” are a plus for this part. it's specified that this is a one-time appearance.
12 year old boy, with brown hair and blue eyes. He needs to use a Northern accent. He has scenes where he has to spar with a wooden sword.
The length of the role isn't specified.
7 year old boy with dark brown hair, a narrow face and green eyes. He also has a Northern accent. He also spars with the wooden sword, so it's safe to assume it's the same scene. This role is similarly open-ended, the description only stating that the character is being ‘introduced.'
It's worth noting that Sean Bean has green eyes, so if this is for a flashback role, the write-up would be a good fit for a child Ned.
Alright, readers, what do you make of these?
Did you know that certain wide angle lenses offer slots on the rear mount that allow you to insert gel filters? Often this design decision is due to the fact that the bulbous front element prevents the use of a standard filter that screws onto the front, but sometimes it's not.
Canon Rumors reports that this feature is found in the new Canon 11-24mm f/4L. It's “a feature I didn't know existed […] maybe I'm the only one that didn't know,” Craig Blair writes. “[A] few others also have this feature, does anyone actually use it?”
If Blair, a guy who makes a living writing about (and lending) lenses, didn't know about this feature, then we're guessing quite a few photographers may not either — especially if you have never needed the filter or taken the time to read your owners manual cover to cover.
Here's what the manual section says about the filter slot in the 11-24mm f/4L:
So, you cut a filter of your choice to fit the white frame found on the rear mount. You're also not supposed to use the lens on the widest end with a filter installed, lest the rear element touch the filter.
This same filter slot is found in other wide angle lenses offered by Canon and Nikon. For Canon, you can find it in lenses such as the popular 17-40mm f/4L and the 8-15mm f/4L fisheye lens.
If you have a L-series wide angle lens, just look at the lens mount and see if you have the white square brackets:
For Nikon photographers, you can also find this gelatin filter slot on the 14mm f/2.8:
Here's what Wikipedia's L lens article has to say about this filter slot:
Wide angle L-lenses typically have a gelatin filter holder on the mounting point of the lens, which allows the photographer to cut a small, square piece of gelatin out of a larger filter sheet and place it on the lens. On film cameras, these are typically used to correct the color temperature, but on digital cameras this is largely unnecessary, as the color temperature can be corrected in software. The mount is still commonly used for neutral density gelatin sheets though, especially on certain wide-angle lenses where the protruding front element precludes the use of any screw-in filters.
So, did you know about this filter slot feature already, or is this news to you as well?
Did you know about this rear gelatin filter slot already?
Image credits: Canon white square bracket photo by Nebrot
Countdown to Windows 10 Anniversary Update with offers in the Windows Store By Mollie Ruiz-Hopper / Editor-in-Chief, Windows Blog Share Share Skype
We're excited to share some great offers hitting the Windows Store beginning tomorrow through July 29 as we count down to the Windows 10 Anniversary Update on August 2*. Enjoy new features on your favorite games, rent a movie for free and get up to four months of free music. Vote for your favorite titles in the Store for the chance to win one of 10 $50 Windows Store digital gift cards!
Here's a run through of just some of the top offers you can enjoy beginning tomorrow through July 29 in the Windows Store:
Enjoy the Adventure of a lifetime in the world of Minecraft with Minecraft: Story Mode – A Telltale Games Series. In this five-part episodic series, you'll embark on a perilous adventure across the Overworld, through the Nether, to the End and beyond. Get episode 1 FREE & episode 2 – 6, discounted 50% from July 19 – July 29.
This month marks the one-year anniversary of Minecraft: Windows 10 Edition Beta! It's been quite a ride, and to celebrate, Minecraft is releasing an awesome roller coaster map featuring all kinds of crazy visuals and builds. The map will become available for free download starting July 19.
Download and play in a contest beginning on July 19 with a new Windows 10 Anniversary Star Club Collection. The first 1,000 people in the U.S. who complete the entire Windows 10 First Anniversary Star Club collection will get $10 Microsoft Store gift codes! See official rules.
Accept no substitutes! Between July 19 and July 25, you can rent School of Rock for free on Microsoft Movies & TV, starring Jack Black as an out-of-work musician who poses as a substitute teacher and turns a class of fifth grade high-achievers into high-voltage rock and rollers. Once you rent it you'll have 14 days to start the film, and once you start the film you have 24 hours to finish watching it. Rated PG-13.
Buy a one-month subscription or a free trial of Groove Music Pass, and the next three months are on the house. What's even better than millions of songs in your pocket – plus playlists, artist radio, and more? Get all that music free for up to 4 whole months. For a limited time, sign up for Music Pass, and after your first month we'll email you a promo code for your complimentary months. As always, you can cancel anytime. But act fast – this deal only lasts until July 29. Available to customers without a current music pass. Sign up now.
Beginning tomorrow through July 27, cast your vote for your favorite Windows store apps, games, music, movies & TV shows to enter for a chance to win one of 10, $50 Windows Store gift cards! Best of Windows Fan Pick Favorites in the four categories will be announced on July 29! See official rules.
Castle Siege and Windows 10 are celebrating the Windows 10 Anniversary! Giveaways, contests, and free in-game boosts abound during this special celebration, helping you to grow your empire and crush your enemies! Special anniversary activities begin in game on July 20. Head over to the Windows Store to download the game today. See official rules.
Celebrate Windows 10's first anniversary with these offers and get ready for the Windows 10 Anniversary Update by taking advantage of the free upgrade to Windows 10 by July 29!
*Valid from July 19, 2016 until July 29, 2016; Microsoft Solitaire contest available July 19, 2016 through August 30, 2016, or until 1,000 eligible entries are received. Available in Windows Store on Windows 10 and the Web in the US.
American Sign Language is the bridge that connects deaf and hard-of-hearing people, in large part, to the world of traditional interpersonal communications. But how to communicate with ASL when a partner in a given conversation cannot interpret the visually-based language?
Seeking to close that kind of communications gap, work is underway at Texas A&M University. Roozbeh Jafari, associate professor and principal investigator with the school's Department of Biomedical Engineering — and researcher at its Centre for Remote Health Technologies and Systems — is developing a newly sophisticated tool to make ASL understandable to everyone.
"http://http://mashable.com/2015/11/16/spread-automated-agriculture/" is not a valid see-also reference
The results of Jafari's project, and the long-term implications that stem from it, could change the way we approach interfacing with each other — and even with technology — all based on our hands, muscles and movements.
Vision Quest: Recent Challenges for ASL Translation
The ASL translation system doesn't have an official name, yet, but what it's doing — and what it stands to do — is concrete and apparent. The goal is to translate ASL for all participants in a way that proves more accurate, more portable and more reliable than ever before.
“There have been a few systems for translating American Sign Language automatically,” said Jafari, regarding devices that precede the new technology he is working to refine. “The most prominent among them have been based on cameras and vision … you would basically stand in front of a camera and the camera would track hand motion.”
It is a system of turning visually tracked movement into words. But the cameras that facilitate it, only work well when the specific ASL gestures tracked are precise enough for the computer on the other end of the equation to recognise. Failure to hit the mark precisely, however, can mean the conversation between an ASL user and the non-ASL-using participant becomes difficult. Words get lost. Communications break down. Add in challenges around where a camera can be placed in a room full of ASL-using participants. Further add that users have to carry around a motion-tracking camera everywhere.
In all of these factors, Jafari saw the need for a different ASL-interpreting tool.
Beyond Vision: Jafari's Motion- and Muscle-Tracking Approach to ASL Translation
In Jafari's project, the camera is out of the picture. Instead, his technology applies an external motion sensor and a wearable muscle-tracking sensor to create a new version of ASL translation.
“The sensor is based on EMG, or electromyogram technology,” Jafari said, referring to sensors the Mayo Clinic describes as measuring electrical signals — ones that our motor neurons transmit to muscles, causing them to contract. EMGs turn can these signals into numerical values computers and specialists are able to interpret.
“Combined with the external motion sensors, which show us the overall hand movement, the EMG allows us to discriminate between gestures,” he said. “A fine-grain of interpretation … motion sensors give us the overall sense and muscle activities give us information about the fine-grained intent.”
Next Steps: Focusing on the Details of New ASL Tech
The team has produced an operational proof-of-concept model, when it comes to the ASL-interpreting technology underway at Texas A&M. The next step is to refine the sensitivity and accuracy of the devices.
Currently, every wearer of the EMG sensor, every time they don't the device, must be careful to position the wearable tech in a precise way, otherwise the system must be “retrained” to register the ASL vocabulary the user employs. Jafari also stated that they're working on ways to “make the system smarter, in a sense … to reduce or eliminate training time.”
At present, Jafari's system recognises individual words, but requires a pause between them. As the team develops their work further, the goal is for the translation engine to combine the input it receives into whole phrases and sentences — more akin to the way humans naturally communicate.
The third prong of development is to increase the vocabulary of the technology, overall.
When all of Jafari's developing tech is operating at the advanced level he describes, ASL users and their conversation partners will clearly benefit. But the applications of the sensor-based system extend beyond sign language and translation alone.
“When you think about it, you can use this for many other applications,” he said. “Think about your house … you might have a smart house, but right now to turn on and off all your devices you need to go to your mobile phone, each app, and then use them. What if you could control your house with hand gestures, communicating with each of your devices?”
For Jafari, starting with the mission to further facilitate ASL among all participants — and then extending into the home and future applications — the conversation is just getting underway.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
We're still not willing to admit that "Teen Wolf" is actually coming to an end this year, after six awesome seasons of werewolves, banshees and now Ghost Riders. What are we supposed to do with our Tuesday nights if we're not hanging out with Scott (Tyler Posey) and Stiles (Dylan O'Brien) as they get up to supernatural shenanigans?
The one upside of this being the final season is that old "Teen Wolf" alums will no doubt be drawn back into the fold to make cameos on the show. Nothing says "one last hurrah" like a host of beloved characters popping in and out to give you a real sense of nostalgia.
So far, Chris Agent (J.R. Bourne), Uncle Peter (Ian Bohen) and Coach (Orny Adams) have already made their spectacular returns to Beacon Hills, but we're holding out for a few more characters to pop in before the series finale ends it all.
Isaac Lahey
Where the heck has this kid been? We figured Chris Argent would take him in after Allison's (Crystal Reed) death, but Isaac (Daniel Sharman) pretty much disappeared for parts unknown after Season 3. We don't need a huge return from Isaac, but we'd love to see him reconnect with Scott and tell us what he's been up to the last couple years.
Allison Argent
This one is probably a tall order, considering Allison has been dead for quite a while now. Still, ghosts and visions and flashbacks are nothing new for Beacon Hills, and Allison remains a huge part of the "Teen Wolf" legacy. We'd be sad if we didn't get one last moment with her before the show ends.
Derek Hale
When news broke that Tyler Hoechlin would no longer be a series regular on "Teen Wolf," fans pretty much rioted in the streets. We assumed he'd show up occasionally, but Derek has yet to make an appearance since wolfing out in the Season 4 finale. Bring Derek back already!
Kira Yukimura
Kira's (Arden Cho) absence from "Teen Wolf" Season 6 has been less awkward than we thought it would be, which is a small blessing. We have no idea how long it will take her to learn control from the skinwalkers, but considering these Ghost Riders use lightning to come and go, we've got to assume a lightning kitsune could come in handy soon. Right?
Jackson Whittemore
Last anyone heard, Jackson (Colton Haynes) was running around London as a new werewolf after leaving Beacon Hills. We've always kind of wished "Teen Wolf" had name dropped him a little more over the years -- Lydia (Holland Roden) has to have stayed in contact with him, right? -- but now we'll settle for a quick drop in.
Ethan & Danny
After losing his twin brother, Ethan (Charlie Carver) understandably wanted to beat it out of town -- but we were super said to see him go. Not to be greedy, but we kind of want a package deal; if Ethan returns, hopefully his adorable ex-boyfriend, Danny (Keahu Kahuanui), will return with him. Two for one!
"Teen Wolf" airs Tuesdays at 9 p.m. ET/PT on MTV.
Transcript for New Documentary Depicts the Plight of Pakistani Music
Finally tonight here, so many American dignitaries made the same trip to hear the music, to see the art. Jackie Kennedy among them. Until a dictator silenced and entire country. Tonight, the brave group bringing the music back. Mrs. Jacqueline Kennedy takes Pakistan by storm. Reporter: 1962. Jackie Kennedy waving to the crowds gathered along the streets of Pakistan. Flowers tossed into her motorcade. The banner at the time -- long live the American friendship. And to build it, the state department sending American jazz greats duke Ellington, dizzy Gillespie, and Dave brubeck with his famous take five. ? but it was Pakistani music Americans went to hear, until it was silenced. This address to the nation from a ruthless dictator, general zia. When he says he's doing it for the love of the people, but really, he's saying he had to apply a squeeze. I'm trying to try the hand, to apply the squeeze. Reporter: He almost has a smile as he speaks of tightening his grip. It's an evil grin. Reporter: Films banned. The quiet death of Pakistani arts. Artists beaten in the streets. But years later, behind closed doors, soundproof walls, musicians determined to bring the music back. Inspire bid the American artist who came to visit. ? just listen to their own version of take five. ? and now, thousands of miles away, down this hallway in new York City, you can hear the music. Rehearsing. Right there in the room -- ? I can imagine life without food, but not without music. Reporter: The documentary, "Song of lahore," following them to America, invited here to perform at New York's famed Lincoln center. The fact that this group is here and that they have anned a against here in America, are you proud of that? Very proud. ? Reporter: The most unlikely orchestra -- bringing the music back. ? and what a treat to have them here in America. The music is back tonight. Thank you for watching on a Tuesday. I'll see you right back here tomorrow night.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Outspoken Edmonton Catholic School District (ECSD) trustee Patricia Grell believes Alberta should only have one school system, saying the different divisions are a waste of taxpayer dollars.
In a blog post detailing why she is not running for a second term in Ward 71, Grell detailed her grievances with a school system she calls “corrupt.”
Related Red Deer Public School Board supports unified Alberta school system
Grell said she doesn't want to “rubber-stamp” decisions made by school administrators anymore and called for more autonomy between the elected board and school division staff.
READ MORE: Rally held in support of Edmonton Catholic school trustee
She claimed the school board administration will support election candidates with whom they have longstanding friendships, so if elected, the trustees will go along with their recommendations.
“It costs taxpayers millions of dollars to fund the 61 school boards across Alberta. ECSD board alone costs taxpayers over a million dollars in salaries and administrative support. If boards are just rubber-stamping what the administration wants, why have school boards?” Grell wrote.
Interference from above
Grell claims the Catholic Archdiocese of Edmonton, the archbishop, and the clergy use Canon Law “to threaten Catholic boards and use their influence to meddle in the policy work of boards, subverting democratically elected school boards.”
READ MORE: Catholic School Board defers contentious washroom decision to school
She accused Archbishop Richard Smith of meddling with the board's policymaking, using his position to influence how decisions were made in regards to Gay-Straight Alliances (GSAs) and developing an LGBTQ policy.
“I have never seen such an interest by the archdiocese and the bishops in the outcome of trustee elections.
“Perhaps they have become disturbed that well-educated trustees are not interested in following their antiquated ideas about women, the HPV vaccine, GSAs, LGBTQ, transgender washroom access, participation in Pride parades etc. They are astounded that some Catholic trustees are actually following their own conscience and the Gospel rather than their dictates,” Grell wrote.
On Wednesday afternoon, the Catholic Archdiocese of Edmonton offered sent Global News a statement in response to Grell's assertions.
“The Archbishop is encouraging all Catholic voters to engage in the electoral process, meet their candidates for the Catholic school board and make informed choices,” the statement reads.
“The fact is that Catholic school trustees do have two lines of accountability: one to the provincial minister of education and one to their Catholic bishops. This dual responsibility – which was outlined in the recent letter issued by the Alberta bishops – has long been well-understood by most trustees.
“There are nine Catholic school districts in the Archdiocese of Edmonton, plus the Centre-Nord francophone district, whose board has a mix of Catholic and public trustees.”
READ MORE: Trustees speak out after Pride decorations removed from Edmonton Catholic high school
As Edmonton residents decide who to vote for in the Oct. 16 election, Grell is urging them to ask door-knocking candidates questions like “What is your relationship with the school district administration and with the archdiocese?”
Calls to merge public and Catholic
Grell is also calling on Alberta to have one publicly funded system with a Catholic program option within it.
“From what I have seen over the last four years, I do not believe that Catholic schools are any better academically, socially or even spiritually than their public counterparts.”
Grell said Catholic high schools are allowed to turn away Catholic students in favour of public students, but at the same time “Catholic schools will waste tax dollars on duplicating facilities in order to segregate Catholic students from public students.”
She claims a decision on sharing school bus services with Edmonton Public Schools has been delayed because ECSD administration fears if the Catholic board appears willing to work together on some issues, “the next step will be a complete amalgamation of the two systems.”
Edmonton Catholic School Board Chair Laura Thibert issued the following statement:
“I will not be commenting on Patricia Grell's blog or statements. Moving forward, this is a time for all Catholic constituents to vote for a candidate who reflects their vision for Catholic education,” she wrote.
“Parents choose our district because of our Catholic values that are taught every day in a faith-based infused curriculum. As a board we will continue to protect Catholic education and remain accountable to the voters who elect us.”
Alberta Liberal Leader David Khan says he shares Grell's “concerns about the discriminatory attitudes towards members of the LGBTQ2S+ community” and urges “all school boards to create, adopt and publish their LGBTQ2S+ policies for the public to view.
“Additionally, I call on the education minister to require the immediate implementation of GSA policies by every school board,” Khan said in an emailed statement sent out Wednesday afternoon. “Furthermore, I am concerned by some of the claims of inefficiently spent funds and a dysfunctional governance culture. This is very troubling.”
READ MORE: Alberta Catholic School Trustees' Association shoots down idea to merge Catholic and public schools
Grell is an outspoken, progressive member of what has been known to be a problem-plagued Catholic school board. Earlier this year, Grell and fellow trustee Marilyn Bergstra were reprimanded by the chair for “speaking against Catholic values.”
Grell has a master of divinity — a degree for pastors and people serving in a church ministry — and describes herself as an active member of the church. She said she ran as a trustee to represent her community and the people who voted her. She said she is not running again because she is “highly disappointed in the archdiocesan leadership,” claiming decisions were made contradictory to the teachings of the Bible.
“It is hard for me to stand by and watch them use our 100 per cent publicly funded Catholic schools to promote their hatred and bigotry.”
Marilyn Bergstra is seeking re-election in Ward 76.
-With files from Phil Heidenreich.
LISTEN: Patricia Grell speaks Ryan Jespersen on 630 CHED.
Let's not beat around the bush. I'm not going to pretend you're here for my usual witty banter, euphemisms, or deck building. You're not here because ManaDeprived.com is the best darn MTG site in all of Canada (and Canada is a larger country than America so… you do the math).
You're here for the Oath of the Gate Watch preview. Behold, Reaver Drone:
It wasn't always like this. I remember when getting a two-power creature for one mana was rare. It was SPECIAL. I remember opening packs of Exodus and being more excited about finding the handsome visage of a Carnophage than the rare. Savannah Lions was once an expensive, powerful rare for goodness' sake. Nowadays, you young whippersnappers with your Mantis Riders and your Hangarback Walkers don't know what it's like. Spoiled, the lot of you.
Truth be told, we are spoiled. All of us. Every block gives us another efficient two-power one drop. It's gotten to the point where most are no longer excited by the prospect of turning a dude sideways on the second turn to reduce their opponent's life total by a measly ten percent. Yawn, right?
I'm here to tell you, we do this at our own peril.
Aggressive deck pilots aren't about being cute. They're not about style, or flamboyance. No, an aggro deck pilot wants to do nothing more than put you in the ground, as fast and as efficiently as possible. Even if they have to leave a piece of themselves behind. Even if it hurts. They like repetition. They want the same thing to happen over-and-over again until the tournament is nothing more than a smoking crater behind them. You see a 2/1 for B and laugh. They see opportunity.
Aggro decks are largely built on velocity. One card in and of itself is never going to be enough to get the job done. You find a good one drop here, a powerful three drops there. A two drop that doubles as card draw. A land that fits into the, “let's get as many cards on the table as fast as possible” game plan. Eventually, the pieces come together and you have something fast and nasty enough to make Eleanor Roosevelt blush.
Aggro Eldrazi – Travis Hall
First up, for any deck looking to get aggressive in Standard, it's important to know thy enemy. The biggest, baddest, life-gainingest dude on the block is Siege Rhino. It's not enough that he's bigger than your duders, he also gets to undo a turn's worth of damage and smack you in the face while he's at it. The card is so good, every time you play it you feel like you're cheating. I'm not saying that people that play with Siege Rhino have poor morals, but I'm not, not saying it either.
And, Jaddi Offshoot is probably Public Enemy #2. I will happily trade a Wild Slash or Titan's Strength for that card any chance I get.
Now, onto the deck.
Reaver Drone: This may be the missing piece, the one-drop the aggressive Eldrazi deck has needed to push it from “Budget Deck” to a true contender. The jump from Endless One (a card we are still going to run, as it's the next best one drop available) to this is huge. Sure, this thing can hurt you as well as help you, but the drawback is so minimal, especially in a dedicated Eldrazi deck.
Abbot of Keral Keep: The only non-colorless creature in the deck, but the “card draw” ability in a low mana cost deck is so powerful that he's worth running, off theme.
Eldrazi Obligator: This is probably good enough to play as a three-power haste creature. When you throw in the ability to come down on turn five and steal a blocker, he becomes one of the spicier cards in the deck. Stealing a Siege Rhino can undo the life gain, and then some. We have to be willing to dilute the mana base a bit, as that sparkly, new mana symbol is a bit of an enigma. However, this deck has no problem running Corrupted Crossroads and *drool* Sea Gate Wreckage to meet that requirement. Many opponents will fall before the forthcoming theft of Rhinos. I expect big things from this card, one of my sleepers of the set.
Flayer Drone: I give this the nod over Dominator Drone because of first strike, allowing it to get into a few more fights. The fact that he can sit back and drain your opponent in an equal board state is just gravy.
Ghostfire Blade: Not just for artifacts anymore. Reaver Drone into an equipped Ghostfire Blade is the golden start, one that I expect will have many opponents grinding their teeth and silently muttering to themselves in the coming months. I can't wait!
Corrupted Crossroads: In case you haven't heard, pain lands are the new thing (since they can technically be considered tri-lands now). Not only will this fix the mana for all of the non-Abbot creatures in the deck, it will also satisfy the colorless requirement for Sea Gate Wreckage and Eldrazi Obligator. Oh, and it still casts Ghostfire Blade. Nifty. Pretty nifty.
Sea Gate Wreckage: The anti-Library. This card is going to give many, many people headaches in the future. It fits perfectly here, as this deck wants to empty its hand as fast as possible, and youe average casting cost is low enough to do so early. I've even toyed with the idea of adding Molten Vortex as a way to pitch extra lands so that you can always use this to draw the extra cards. This card feels like a game changer, one that we'll see in decks across the board and across formats for years to come.
This is just an early brew, nothing more than scratching the surface with Reaver Drone, and an aggressive Eldrazi deck. While many players are excited about ramping to ten and dropping Kozilek, I'm more intrigued about taking advantage of the early game and exploiting the fetchland-heavy manabases. Reaver Drone may be the card to get us there.
If you like my suggestions, you can follow me on Twitter: @travishall456. I throw around random observations and deck ideas every day.
The Great Train Robber Ronnie Biggs, the most well-known member of a gang that made off with £2.6m from a Glasgow to London mail train, has died at the age of 84. Biggs was caught after the robbery and received a 30-year jail sentence but escaped from Wandsworth prison and spent 36 years on the run, leading a playboy lifestyle in South America.
He finally surrendered to British police in 2001 but was freed in 2009 on health grounds. He had been ill for some time and had suffered a series of strokes.
Biggs died on the day the BBC was due to broadcast the first part of a two-part TV dramatisation of the robbery. The first part, a Robber's Tale, focuses on Bruce Reynolds, the leader of gang who died earlier this year. The second, A Copper's Tale, tells the story of Tommy Butler, the detective chief superintendent who pursued them.
Ronnie Biggs leaving the wake for Bruce Reynolds, the Great Train Robbery mastermind, in London in March. Photograph: Jules Annan/Barcroft Media
The Twitter account @ronniebiggsnews, which publicises Biggs's website and autobiography, said: "Sadly we lost Ron during the night. As always, his timing was perfect to the end. Keep him and his family in your thoughts." He died on Wednesday morning, according to his spokeswoman.
At one of his last public appearances two years ago, to launch his book, Odd Man Out: the Last Straw, an ailing Biggs said he would be remembered as a lovable rogue.
The offical Scotland Yard portrait of Ronnie Biggs, released after h escaped from Wandsworth prison. Photograph: Metropolitan police
But many have been quick to point out that the driver of the train, Jack Mills, was struck by an iron bar during the infamous robbery and never fully recovered. Daniel Hamilton, a Conservative European election candidate, tweeted: "Ronnie Biggs was a violent criminal who evaded facing justice for decades. I find today's gushing eulogies slightly offensive."
Tory lobbyist Alex Deane tweeted: "Come on media. Biggs wasn't a cuddly heart of gold cockney character to be feted. His gang beat a man with an iron bar, ruining his life."
Great Train Robber Ronnie Biggs wearing an England football shirt on Copacabana beach in March 1977. Photograph: Popperfoto/Popperfoto/Getty Images
Peter Rayner, former chief operating officer of British Rail, has been critical of Biggs in the past but expressed sympathy for his family.
He said: "My view is that whilst I was – and am – critical of the Great Train Robbers and the heroes' welcome they got, especially in light of the death of Jack Mills, my sympathies go out to his family and I would not wish to speak further on the subject."
Ronnie Biggs in 1992. Photograph: Rex Features
Poverty and poor health forced Biggs to give himself up after his high-profile time on the run. Ignoring protests from his family, including his son Michael, who begged him to reconsider, he sent an email to Scotland Yard saying that he wanted to return and needed a passport.
He struck a deal with the Sun newspaper, which flew him back to Britain in May 2001 on an executive jet stocked with curry, Marmite and beer.
He was arrested immediately upon arrival in the UK and found himself back in a dock later the same day, a feeble shadow of the cocky cockney villain he had been last time he faced a judge.
Ronnie Biggs with son Michael and his wife and grandchild in Brazil in 2000. Photograph: DAVID CAIRNS / Rex Features/DAVID CAIRNS/Rex Features
He was transferred to the high-security Belmarsh prison to continue his sentence.
Biggs had joined the gang that held up the Royal Mail night train from Glasgow to London on his 34th birthday. His role was to find a driver for the train, but the driver he found had problems with the controls and the train's legitimate driver, 57-year-old Mills, was coshed with iron bars and forced to move the train. He died seven years later.
The hold-up, at Sears Crossing in Buckinghamshire, was planned in minute detail and, initially at least, was a spectacular success. The gang shared out the proceeds at isolated Leatherslade Farm – Biggs taking about £148,000 – but thereafter things started to go badly wrong, with nearly all of the gang members being rounded up by the police.
Sentenced to 30 years behind bars on 15 April 1964, Biggs was to serve just 15 months in prison.
On 8 July 1965, he made a daring escape from Wandsworth prison in London. While other prisoners created a diversion in the exercise yard, Biggs scaled a wall with a rope ladder and dropped on to a furniture van parked alongside.
After a brief stopover in Paris for £40,000-worth of plastic surgery to change his appearance, he travelled to Australia where he adopted the name Terry King, and later Terry Cook. For several months he ran a boarding house in Adelaide, and in June 1966 his wife Charmian and two children joined him, also on false passports.
He went on to build a new life for himself as jobbing carpenter under the name Michael Haynes. In 1974, he was tracked down in Rio by the Daily Express reporter Colin MacKenzie – and shortly afterwards by Detective Inspector Jack Slipper of Scotland Yard. But the Yard's efforts to get Biggs back to Britain were foiled by Brazilian law.
He became a familiar figure in the Lord Jim pub in Ipanema, and around his neighbourhood in Santa Teresa, where he would invite paying guests to hear his stories as a way to make money after the robbery stash ran out.
In 1978, Biggs made a record, No One is Innocent, with punk rock group the Sex Pistols. In March 1981, Biggs was kidnapped in Rio by a gang of adventurers and smuggled to Barbados by boat. Their aim was to bring him back to Britain. But the Barbados high court decided the rules governing extradition to Britain had not been properly put before the island's parliament, and Biggs was allowed to return to Rio.
Although he left South America more than a dozen years ago, he is still remembered in Brazil. Newspapers and magazines ran news of Biggs's death on the front of their websites on Wednesday.
Veja described the Londoner as "the thief of the 20th century", while Folha de São Paulo ran a photograph of Biggs giving a two-finger salute and noted that his son Michael was a singer with the Brazilian children's group Balloon Magic. Globo carried old newspaper pages reporting the various attempts to extradite Biggs from his home in Rio. Relating how he first came to Brazil, the newspaper noted "Biggs found his paradise in the early 70s. As soon as he read a postcard from Botafogo beach that told him this was a country where Nazi war criminals fled, he jumped on the first plane to Rio de Janeiro."
Biggs suffered his first stroke in 1998 though he recovered to throw a 70th birthday party. However, second and third strokes followed, permanently ending his life of beaches and parties, and starting the chain of events that led to his return to Britain and a life as prisoner 002731.
In January 2003, his son Michael complained that his father was assaulted by a member of prison staff at Belmarsh.
Appeals to have Biggs released were ignored. In October 2003, an appeal against his sentence was thrown out by a high court judge as "hopeless" and "misconceived". Biggs was moved from Belmarsh to Norwich prison in July 2007 to live on a unit for elderly inmates.
The justice secretary, Jack Straw, refused him parole in 2009 and accused him of being "wholly unrepentant" about his crimes. But Biggs was old and severely ill, lying in a bed in Norwich hospital with pneumonia and fractures of the hip, pelvis and spine. After three strokes he was unable to eat, speak or walk.
He was finally granted compassionate release from his prison sentence on 6 August 2009, just two days before his 80th birthday.
← Back to all posts
The last few months have been a whirlwind of news and, not surprisingly given world events, some things have slipped through the cracks. However, throughout 2016 China has quietly been dominating the EV market and now we have the numbers to prove it.
In recently released numbers, China can now claim the title as the world's largest EV market and It's not even close. This past year China has produced and sold over 500k new EVs (517K produced/507K sold). To put that into perspective the US (now the world's 2nd largest EV market) is estimated to sell 250k next year. That's a gap, that will keep on growing and they're just getting started.
In addition to completely dominating in sales, China has also put the US to shame in another way, charging stations, over 100k of them to be exact. That's 100k new charging station just this past year, the US, by comparison has ~40,000 public stations total. To put this another way, the automotive industry is slowly shifting east.
Dominance of an Industry
China has been the largest automotive market for some time, however, many of those vehicles were still made by US and EU automakers. This new wave of electrified vehicles have mostly come from China-based automakers like BAIC and BYD. It doesn't take much to connect the dots here. If EVs are indeed the future of automotive technology (it most certainly appears that way) and most new EVs are being created, produced and purchased in China, It's easy to see which country will dominate the future of the industry.
Even more staggering is the relative quickness in which they caught up and surpassed the US. In 2013, the US comfortably controlled the entire EV market (Thanks, Telsa) outselling the Chinese market nearly 10-to-1, but after continued devastating air pollution the Chinese government decided to make wholesale changes starting with EVs. In three short years, China went from 17k in new EV sales to over 500K. The US market in the meantime has continued to grow much slower and after a five-year head start have just recently surpassed the 500k marker, in cumulative sales.
One thing is sure, as the automotive industry transitions over to fully electric vehicles, China is clearly in the driver's seat.
Charging Takes Precedent
Selling 500k EVs is a monumental achievement, but more impressive is the construction of 100k new public charging stations. This is no easy task, "dumb" electric vehicle charging stations are no simple installation. They block off power to each station whether they are in use or not, meaning a lot of power is needed to install en-masse like this. What's even more shocking about this is that while 100k EV charging station installs is extremely impressive, It's still not nearly enough to cover the nearly 1M EVs currently on the road.
Why?
Charing a car takes time, even with DC fast charging (which many of these 100k stations are not) cars still a good 30-45 minutes to get a full charge. Couple that with infrastructure and power requirements and even the simplest of installs to become nearly impossible. Intelligent stations that manage the power efficiently cut down on the price and difficulty of installs (we should know this is EverCharge's bread and butter) but intelligence or no, China still needs to pick up the pace on EV charging station installs.
Hope For The Future
While these numbers seemingly spell doom and gloom for the US, it must be noted that its still early days in the fight for the EV market. Both the US, China, and the EU have important roles to play in shaping the new mobility created by electrics. China has certainly taken the ball and run with it and should be commended for doing so (although rampant fraud within the marketplace is creating unnecessary hurdles), but the whole world has a role to play here. The US still holds a strong advantage when it comes to innovation and technology creation and that should be allowed to flourish.
Despite the backlash (ie. Brexit/Trump), the world is becoming increasingly smaller and as such more interconnected. No longer can one industry be created or crushed by a single country, and countries who fail to move on new market changing technologies will suffer the consequences and fall far behind.
For now though the EV industry will continue to grow and thanks in large part to China at an increasingly accelerated rate, and that's something we can all be thankful for.
On Friday, the self-described black hat hacker who claimed responsibility for the Hacking Team dump last year, and who goes by the handle "Phineas Phisher," published the technical details of how he pulled off the caper—and encouraged others to follow his example.
The apparently bilingual hacker originally published the details in Spanish—"just having some fun trolling the English speaking internet," he posted on Reddit—but subsequently translated the document into English.
Private intelligence contractor Hacking Team develops and sells hacking tools to governments around the world, a practice many have questioned as enabling human rights violations.
"Hacking Team was a company that helped governments hack and spy on journalists, activists, political opposition, and other threats to their power," Phisher wrote, accusing Hacking Team CEO David Vincenzetti of being a "fascist."
"Companies like Hacking Team doing the state's dirty work deserve to get owned and exposed," he posted on Reddit.
Phisher is no script kiddie, whoever he is. The attack he describes goes well beyond exploiting OWASP Top 10 vulnerabilities.
"The guy is kind of a ninja," Dan Tentler, CEO of Phobos Group, which does attack simulation as a service, told Ars. "It's pretty rare you find exploitation, reverse engineering, exploit development, lateral movement, networking/routing, and exfiltration all in the same person."
How the hack went down
The hacker says that he discarded the idea of spear-phishing Hacking Team, writing that even though the technique is "responsible for the majority of hacks these days... I didn't want to try to spear phish Hacking Team, as their whole business is helping governments spear phish their opponents, so they'd be much more likely to recognise and investigate a spear phishing attempt."
To make things more challenging, Hacking Team appears to have secured their networks quite well. Unlike Gamma Group International, which the black hat also targeted (hence his Twitter handle @GammaGroupPR), Hacking Team did not expose much of an attack surface—only an up-to-date version of Joomla, "a mail server, a couple routers, two VPN appliances, and a spam filtering appliance."
So, the hacker explains, three options presented themselves: "look for a zero-day in Joomla, look for a zero-day in postfix, or look for a zero-day in one of the embedded devices."
"A zero-day in an embedded device seemed like the easiest option," the hacker added, "and after two weeks of work reverse engineering, I got a remote root exploit."
The hacker claims that he wrote backdoored firmware for the (unnamed) embedded device, and spent considerable time testing the backdoor to ensure that it would not cause system instability and prompt an employee to look more closely at the device.
Once inside, the hacker says he took a slow look around, and discovered an insecure MongoDB install, which he took the time to slag off in his pastebin post, writing "NoSQL, or rather NoAuthentication, has been a huge gift to the hacker community. Just when I was worried that they'd finally patched all of the authentication bypass bugs in MySQL, new databases came into style that lack authentication by design."
But, according to the hacker, it was Hacking Team's backups that proved the company's undoing. Their iSCSI devices were available on the local subnet, which the hacker mounted remotely on an external VPS he controlled.
Democrats are taking an opening shot at President Trump ahead of his first speech to Congress.
Top lawmakers spent Monday bashing probable talking points ahead of Trump's address — which is expected to focus on the “renewal of the American spirit” — and knocking the first month of his administration.
ADVERTISEMENT
Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (D-N.Y.) and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) held a joint press conference billed as a “prebuttal” to Trump.
Pelosi said Trump and congressional Republicans will be unable to tout a major accomplishment during Tuesday night's speech.
“When the president talks about a mess, he's talking about his first 40 days in office, which he literally squandered,” she said at the National Press Club event.
She contrasted the first 40 days for Trump to President Obama's first weeks in office. He signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act -— aimed at closing the gender pay gap — in late January, and a nearly $1 trillion stimulus package by mid-February 2009.
The prime-time address comes as the Trump administration and Republicans fight with Democrats over Trump's Cabinet nominees, whose slow-walking has publicly frustrated the president.
Schumer cast his party as having momentum going into Tuesday night even though it was drubbed in the November elections.
He argued that the party's hardball strategy on confirming Trump's Cabinet is already paying dividends.
“On both the Cabinet and [Affordable Care Act] ... in the first month, Democrats are united and on the offensive. Republicans are divided and on defense. We're doing a lot better than we thought,” he said.
Trump's address on Tuesday is not an official State of the Union, since those are only given after a president's first year in office. But it's expected to serve a similar role in outlining the president's domestic and economic agenda.
It will mark the first time Trump has spoken before Congress.
Trump is expected to discuss the need to repeal and replace the “disaster” of ObamaCare, according to a preview of Trump's remarks that the administration blasted out to multiple publications.
He's also expected to call for overhauling regulations and reforming the tax code.
Republicans offered their own pregame spin on Monday.
After meeting with Trump at the White House, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) and House Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) predicted that the president will focus on implementing an ambitious GOP agenda.
“We're looking forward to a positive, upbeat presentation tomorrow night and proceeding with our agenda,” McConnell told reporters outside the Oval Office on Monday.
Ryan added, “We have a bold agenda in front of us, and the president is going to lay it out.”
Republicans have worked overtime to project that they are on the same page of the administration, despite acknowledging that they were out of the loop on some of the Trump administration's early controversies, including an executive order temporarily blocking people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States.
Sen. Ben Cardin Benjamin (Ben) Louis CardinThe Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump looks for boost from Korea summit The Hill's Morning Report - A pivotal week for Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Anticipation builds for Mueller report MORE (D-Md.), the top Democrat on the Foreign Relations Committee, used a speech at the University of Maryland's School of Public Policy to knock Trump and take aim at “new and significant foreign policy challenges” created during the first month of the administration.
“If [his speech] is anything like his inaugural address, it will be extremely disappointing,” Cardin said, according to multiple news reports.
Some Democrats are trolling Trump with their guests to the president's speech. Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) announced that he will bring as his guest former Labor Secretary Tom Perez, who defeated Ellison over the weekend in the race to be Democratic National Committee chairman.
Others are bringing people they believe will be hurt by the GOP agenda.
Sen. Dick Durbin Richard (Dick) Joseph DurbinKids confront Feinstein over Green New Deal Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl Overnight Energy: Trump ends talks with California on car emissions | Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal | Climate PAC backing Inslee in possible 2020 run MORE (D-Ill.) will bring an undocumented medical student to the speech, while Sen. Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (D-Mass.) will be joined by a former Iraqi refugee.
Schumer predicted another round of “bluster and blame” from the president.
“I fully expect the president to resort to the same populist message he used in his campaign and inauguration full of grandiose promises ... to gloss over the reality of his administration,” he told reporters.
Telltale's The Wolf Among Us makes me nervous. Not because, as Bigby Wolf, I'm under scrutiny from my fellow Fables and constantly tensed for a fight. I just don't want to piss off the girl I like.
Bigby charges his way through The Wolf Among Us, busting into taverns and apartments like a wrecking ball of angst and determination. Another character describes him as having "a hot head and a big heart," and she notes that this is a rather dangerous combination.
Other characters tell him to man up and fix things — or stop getting involved and go away — in varying degrees, and they may change their mind as the story progresses. Bigby juggles these conflicts alongside a potential romance with a pragmatic and willful version of Snow White that could very easily fail.
At the rate I'm going, failure is likely.
Enhanced interrogation
I'm interrogating someone who may have murdered a girl. I have three options: gently prod him for details, threaten him, or break his nose. I've been trying to coax information out of him for ten minutes now as the dialogue trees repeatedly cycle back to this decision. The controller is warm in my hands and my thumb nearly slides off the button; my palms are sweating.
I go with threatening him and this doesn't work. We're getting nowhere. The people in the room with me, Snow White among them, are getting anxious. Her brow is furrowed and she looks sad, disappointed. Disappointed in me? The man I am interrogating won't answer. I'm losing him and the confidence of my audience. I have no choice. I have to beat it out of him.
At the rate I'm going, failure is likely
I clock him in the jaw and almost immediately Snow is reprimanding me, scowling that pretty scowl that means I'm done fucked up. But then the subject relents, I get the information I need, and I proceed with my case — at the cost of Snow's anger. She glares at me with those perfect eyebrows of hers, turns and saunters away, not even remotely pleased I have found a lead.
This is hard!
Telltale has created this dynamic before. In The Walking Dead, players control Lee as he struggles to keep young Clementine safe in the ever-worsening zombie apocalypse. As we play, we are consciously aware of this orphaned little girl, dependent on us for her well being. But in order to survive we sometimes have to be cruel to others, and these actions don't pass her notice. "Clementine will remember" was a declaration that often felt like a threat.
Telltale's games are a balancing act — we view ourselves, the character we are controlling, through the eyes of the nearest female character. In The Walking Dead we want a little girl to trust us, and in The Wolf Among Us we want a woman we admire to love us. Our actions are dictated by the female character we are trying to protect, even if she doesn't always need it.
Bigby is offered increasingly difficult choices that place his humanity on the line as the episodes continue. How much of himself, of his human self, will Bigby have to give up to earn respect from his fellow Fables? To solve the crimes and set things straight? And as we struggle with Bigby to retain his humanity despite dealing with some truly despicable characters, we measure his success in keeping it against Snow's reactions. She is our moral compass, our barometer for how much of Bigby is left. We see ourselves through her eyes.
I play this game like an anxious new boyfriend in a freshly-minted relationship, horrified that any move at any time could disappoint Snow. My real-life significant other tells me constantly that he's afraid of screwing up and I usually laugh it off — but now I get it, and it sucks. I overthink every move, every choice, and more often than not I miss my window of opportunity to do something and end up selecting the silence option by default.
If I say nothing, she won't get mad. I don't agree with the actions she wants to take, but if I try and make it work out for everyone, maybe she will be okay with my decision. Nope, as it turns out, that's not good enough for her. She's scowling. She's yelling at me!
Broken people in a pretend world
This relationship elevates The Wolf Among Us past just being a game with dialogue trees that change the way your story unfolds. When a non-playable character is this invested in you, and vice-versa, it's hard not to care about them. And if we really care about what they think of us, it will affect how we act within the game. We become attached and begin calculating our every step, wanting this person's approval and praise. A smile from them begins to feel like unlocking an achievement.
I can't do this. Not while she's watching
In my own game, Snow fluctuates between being glad I'm there with her to showering me with disdain. I give her reasons to adore me and reasons to loathe me all within the span of 20 minutes. I am attempting to restore rights to Fabletown at the cost of her affection, business and pleasure all wrapped up into one anxiety-inducing ball. This isn't a role-playing game where enough experience points placed in our relationship will pay off, it feels much closer to a real relationship between two fully realized characters. The world around us constantly makes me choose between what will get results and what will keep Snow happy with me.
I have a hundred other Fables to worry about as well. But that smile of hers makes my heart slide down my ribcage like butter on hot toast and I want more than anything to help her nurture this fractured community back to health. And then suddenly I explode and someone pays.
In one scene, I have the choice to kill an enemy plaguing my world with grief or beating him within an inch of his life, letting him go and praying he doesn't return. Snow is watching me, over there, with her hands over her mouth. I can't do this. Not while she's watching. I just want her to like me. I'm not all bad...
Or am I, and this is all futile? Telltale has crafted situations that lead neither one way nor the other. I care about Snow, she cares about me, I think, and it should be clear that the game will never offer an ending where everyone is safe and happy. It's not about being a good person, it's about living with the gaze of someone you care about.
The Analytics X Prize evaluates entries by comparing the RMSE of the predicted proportion of homicides per zip code versus the actual proportion of homicides per zip code. RMSE is a standard way of comparing the predictive quality of models but suffers from a coarseness of resolution.
I would like to discuss what I think is a more intuitive method for evaluating spatial predictive models. The problem of predicting crime can be thought of as a resource allocation problem. Law enforcement would like to answer the question “If we were to surveil X percentage of the area in our jurisdiction, what percentage Y of crime would we prevent?”. If we assume that police presence and surveillance of an area where a crime is going occur prevents that crime all the time, then if the police were able to surveil 100% of the area they would stop 100% of the crime. Of course, this is impossible, hence the resource allocation perspective of this problem. A modified ROC plot that we call a Surveillance Plot is an intuitive visual display of the effectiveness of a spatial predictive model. The following evaluation plot was produced on a model generated against Philadelphia homicide data up to November 2009 and then evaluated against data for the month of December 2009.
The x-axis represents the percentage of the area is surveilled. The y-axis represents the proportion of homicides that occurred in the area that has been surveilled. So, if law enforcement surveilled the top 20% most threatened areas according to the predictive model, they would prevent 62.5% of homicides.
This kind of evaluation scales with the resolution of the prediction. The resolution of the model I am using broke Philadelphia into a grid of cells that are 56ft by 59ft. That is then the smallest incremental unit by which I can evaluate the resulting prediction. The resolution can be tweaked to a level appropriate for the resource allocation problem the law enforcement community faces.
Share this post: Follow CCRi:
Nevada Bar Investigating Righthaven Lawyers
from the keep-digging dept
Court records suggest the State Bar in reviewing the Righthaven litigation is focusing on two broad areas:
-- Whether Righthaven and its attorneys have engaged in champerty and barratry � generally defined as the improper incitement and prosecution of lawsuits by parties with no real interest in the outcome � and that hope to profit by such lawsuits.
Attorneys for one of the Righthaven defendants, Thomas DiBiase, for instance, have charged: "DiBiase asserts that the purported copyright assignment from Stephens Media to Righthaven is a sham and that Righthaven is engaged in champerty and barratry by filing litigation on copyrights that it does not own."
-- Whether Righthaven and its attorneys have made misrepresentations to the court. If true, that would appear to be a violation of the Nevada Supreme Court�s Rules of Professional Conduct.
These rules say, in part, "It is professional misconduct for a lawyer" to "engage in conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit or misrepresentation." The rules also say, "A lawyer shall not knowingly make a false statement of fact or law to a tribunal or fail to correct a false statement of material fact or law previously made to the tribunal by the lawyer."
It seems things keep getting worse and worse for Righthaven. With its lawsuits losing big time, and the underpinning of many of its lawsuits being dropped as a sham , it appears that the Nevada state bar is now investigating the company and its lawyers , after some grievances have been filed against the copyright trolling operation. People at the Nevada state bar have admitted that there are "two or possibly three" grievances being investigated. Steve Green has the details:Both of those may end badly for Righthaven and its lawyers, especially the latter. The fact that Righthaven failed to reveal that Stephens Media was a 50% beneficial party to any legal results is aomission that I can't see the state bar brushing off as a minor infraction. It's still rather stunning that the company didn't realize that such information would eventually come out.
Filed Under: nevada, state bar
Companies: righthaven
Shock. Horror. Debate. Exasperation. Ignore. Repeat. This is the cycle we go through each and every time a public, violent tragedy strikes.
December 14, 2012 was supposed to be a good day. The Huffington Post's yearly holiday party was that evening, and most of the office arrived at work in the morning thinking more about free food and booze than what news we'd cover that day. Then, at around 9:35 a.m., Adam Lanza shot his way into Sandy Hook Elementary School and slaughtered six adults and 20 children before turning a gun on himself.
It was a devastating thing to witness and cover, even from miles away in a crowded, safe newsroom. The pain among my colleagues was palpable as we all sought details about who Lanza was, how he came to murder first-graders and why. The "why" was most haunting.
Unfortunately, we've asked "why?" more times than I can remember off the top of my head during the four years I've worked at HuffPost.
We asked "why?" when Wade Michael Page shot up a Sikh temple.
We asked "why?" when James Holmes opened fire on a movie theater in Aurora, Colorado.
We asked "why?" when Elliot Rodger went on a shooting spree near UC-Santa Barbara.
We asked "why?" when Dylann Roof murdered parishioners in cold blood at a church in Charleston.
We asked "why?" when John Russell Houser opened fire on the audience of "Trainwreck" in Lafayette.
Yesterday we, yet again, asked "why?" when a man killed two of his former coworkers, Alison Parker and Adam Ward, on live television.
The reality that mass gun violence has become a cornerstone of American culture feels inconceivable.
It makes sense why we focus on the why -- and hope for an easy answer. We grapple with this question, especially in cases of public violence and tragedy, because without a clear answer, the reality that mass gun violence has become a cornerstone of American culture feels inconceivable. We want someone or something to blame, because the idea that we could be complicit in fueling a society that hasn't gone more than eight days without a mass shooting in 2015 is completely terrifying.
Plus, the real "why" is complicated, not easily solved with one new law or by writing off each shooter as an isolated, mentally ill madman, or the rallying cry of "guns don't kill people, people kill people."
"Why" involves our cultural ideas about masculinity and what makes a "real" or "good" or "worthy" man. Mass murderers are nearly always (white) men. Men who feel wronged -- either by society or their colleagues or their classmates or their ex-lovers or all of the above. It's about the entitlement to success, women's bodies and attention men have been taught they deserve.
As Josie Duffy wrote at Gawker of WDBJ shooter Vester Flanagan: "This guy reminds me of many other men who kill -- off the top of my head I can think of at least five mass murders where the killer was fired from a job, dumped by a girlfriend, or rejected. Ending lives essentially because they didn't feel like they were getting what they deserve. Entitlement."
We are stuck in a vicious cycle of unfathomable violence, and if we don't start implicating ourselves, we may never escape.
It's often about institutional racism. "It must be acknowledged that there are more Dylann Roofs out there, and they exist because we let them," wrote HuffPost's Zeba Blay after the Charleston shooting.
In the wake of the UCSB shooting in 2014, Tiffany Xie took a closer look at the research on similar public massacres -- specifically at the pattern of white, middle-class men as the people most often behind the gun. "This 'suicide-by-mass-murder' is a reflection of a combination of both White and male privilege," she wrote, "the ideology that White males have social, economic, and political advantages granted to them solely on the basis of their sex and race." Flanagan was not a white, straight man. But, unfortunately, men of color are not exempt from misogyny -- it just plays out differently for them.
It involves easy access to firearms, a conversation we seem doomed to put off indefinitely, as it's never "the right time" to discuss it. As though grieving parents who spend their mourning days going on television to plead with the American public and politicians to do something are just "pushing an agenda."
Searching for a "why" brings up important conversations about mental illness treatment -- greater access to health care is always a good thing! -- but it also encourages us to scapegoat mental illness, when mentally ill individuals are far more likely to be the victims of crimes than commit them.
We seek to distance ourselves from those that commit these horrors. We aren't "crazy." We use guns responsibly and it's our right to carry them. We couldn't possibly raise a son or befriend a man who sees those guns as his public way out, taking others -- often women and children -- with him in a blaze of media coverage. We need to start having those uncomfortable conversations, about racism and toxic masculinity and health care and gun control, and making real change to back our words up. We are stuck in a vicious cycle of unfathomable violence, and if we don't start implicating ourselves, we may never escape.
Also on HuffPost:
How's the weather? Let PLANETPALS Teach You About Strange Weather Phenomena and Unusual Natural Occurences Learn about Haloes. Sun Dogs, Sun Ghost, Belt of Venus,Noctilucent Clouds,Aurora Borealis,Mammatus Clouds, Red Rain, Moon Bows, Colored Moons, St Elmps Fire, Fire Winds, Pyrocumulus Clouds, Lenticular Clouds, Sun Pillars, Diamond Dust, Non-aqueous Rain, Virga, Katabatic Winds, Fire Rainbow, Green Ray, Ball Lightning, Sprites, Jets, and Elves, Snow Rollers, Brockenspectre, Mirages, Ice Fall / Bomb, Giant Hailstones, Sea Monster or Spinning Water, Gravity Wave, Supercell, Dust Storm (haboob), Blue Mo on.
Sun Dogs A sun dog or sundog is a common bright circular (or symmetrical) spot on a solar halo. It is an atmospheric optical phenomenon primarily associated with the reflection or refraction of sunlight by small ice crystals making up cirrus or cirrostratus clouds. Often, two sun dogs can be seen (one on each side of the sun) simultaneously. Sun Ghost If the sun really close to the horizon and there are cirrus clouds in the sky, sometimes the sun can appear on both sides reflected too, thus giving the impression of three suns appearing together in the sky. A Sun ‘ghost' is actually the color of the bright points of light created by the sun that was deflected by the crystals in high clouds. Haloes
Like rainbows, haloes are formed around the Sun due to moisture (in this case ice crystals) being refracted from the Sun's rays in the upper atmosphere. Sometimes two or more areas of the circle or arcs surrounding the Sun will be brighter, forming what are called Sun Dogs. Haloes can also form around the Moon, and occasionally around the brighter stars and planets like Venus. Belt of Venus
The belt of Venus is a phenomenon that occurs during dusty evenings when a band of pinkish or brownish sky will appear between the sky and the horizon. Incipient Clouds
Noctilucent clouds are atmospherically high clouds that refract light at dusk when the Sun has already set, illuminating the sky with no seeming light source. Aurora Borealis
Also known in the southern hemisphere as the Aurora Australis, the Aurora Borealis are charged particles from the Sun that have reached the Earth's upper atmosphere and become excited. They are more typically seen closer to the poles and during the equinoxes of the year. [Photo taken by Senior Airman Joshua Strang. Large scale public domain copy here.] Photo by Sr Airman Joshua Strang Mammatus Clouds
These odd-shaped clouds are often associated with a storm front, especially one involving a thunderstorm. It's not completely understood how they form. Photo by Jorn Olsen Moon Bows
A rainbow is caused by the Sun shining on moisture droplets, most commonly in a post-rain atmosphere. A moon bow is much rarer, only seen at night when the moon is low and full to almost full. One popular place to see moon bows is at Cumberland Falls in Kentucky, as pictured above. Brockenspectre When the shadow of an observer is cast onto a
fog bank below it often appears unusually shaped and of large proportions this is the
Spectre of the Broken, first noted by climbers in the Harz mountains of Northern Germany St Elmo's Fire
This weather phenomenon is luminous plasma that appears like fire on objects, such as the masts of ships or lightning rods, in an area that is electrically charged during a thunderstorm. This occurrence was named the after St Elmo, the patron saint of sailors. St. Elmo's Fire is created by the soft glow of an electric field generated by a continuous flow of tiny sparks. Dust Storm or Haboob (Arabic) A haboob is a type of intense sandstorm commonly observed in arid regions throughout the world . When this downdraft, or "downburst", reaches the ground, dry, loose sand from the desert settings is essentially blown up, creating a wall of sediment preceding the storm cloud. This wall of sand can be up to 100 km (60 miles) wide and several kilometers in elevation. At their strongest, haboob winds can travel at 35-50 km/h (20-30 mph), and they may approach with little to no warning. Often rain is not seen at the ground level as it evaporates in the hot, dry air (a phenomenon known as virga), though on occasion when the rain does persist, the precipitation can contain a considerable quantity of dust (severe cases called "mud storms"). Years ago haboobs only roamed the southern edge of the Sahara. Whirlwinds or Dust Devils Though they don't have the ferocious, house-lifting winds of a tornado, dust devils can certainly look scary. These whirlwinds, essentially smaller versions of tornadoes, form when there is intense heat at the ground, which causes the air above it to rise, and winds that can cause the rising air to spin. The whirlwind picks up dust from the ground, hence its name. An even scarier relative is the fire devil, which forms over the intense heat of forest fires, pulling up ropes of fire that spin furiously above the blaze. Fire Whirls or Fire Devils Fire whirls (also known as fire devils or tornadoes) appear when the right combination of climactic conditions is present. Fire whirls can be spawned by other natural events such as earthquakes and thunderstorms, and can be incredibly dangerous, in some cases spinning well out of the zone of a fire itself
to cause devastation and death in a radius not even reached by heat or flame. Fire whirls have been known to be nearly a mile high, have wind speeds of over 100 miles per hour and to last for 20 or more minutes . Sun Pillars
Sun Pillars occur when the setting sun reflects off high, icy clouds at different layers. It creates a pillar of light that reaches high into the sky. It is also possible to see moon pillars. Diamond Dust
Linked closely to haloes, diamond dust is a fog made of frozen droplets. Red Rain , Yellow Rain and other Colored Rain Red rain is caused by dust or sand that has blown into the atmosphere and is carried by the wind to great distances eventually mixed with rain clouds and gives color to the rain itself. Red rain in Europe is usually colored by the dust that is carried across the continent comes from Saharan sand storms. Other colored rain that can occur due to other objects such as : pollen could make a yellow rain, dust from coal mines could create a black rain, dust and even some rain could make white milk. Non-aqueous Rain (Raining Cats and Dogs)
Rare and yet real, cases exist of rains of animals instead of water. This has occurred occasionally throughout history, from the Biblical times up to recent history. Meteorologists are still unsure of the cause. Tornado on the water can turn around and bring water, and whatever is therein, into the clouds. It is suspected that strong winds can carry a load a long distance. Katabatic Winds
Kabatic Winds are winds that carry dense air from a higher elevation to a lower elevation due to gravity. They are known locally as the Santa Ana (southern California), the Mistral (Mediterranean), the Bora (the Adriatic Sea), Oroshi (Japan), Pitaraq (Greenland), and the Williwaw (Tierra del Fuego). The Williwaw and winds traveling over the Antarctic are particularly hazardous, blowing over 100 knots at times. Green Ray
Also known as the Green Flash. This occurs very briefly before total sunset and after sunrise. It appears as a green flash above the sun that lasts very briefly, generally only a few moments. It is caused by refraction of light in the atmosphere. Mirages
A mirage creates the illusion of water on a dry highway on a hot summer day. Mirages occur when light is refracted to produce an image of an object or the sky where it is not. It is most commonly seen on hot surfaces, such as the pavement or a desert. Ball Lightning
This is a very rare phenomenon that involves ball-shaped lightning that moves much slower than normal lightning. It has been reported to be as large as eight feet in diameter and can cause great damage. There are reports of ball lightning destroying whole buildings. Sprites, Jets, and Elves
All refer to a phenomenon that occurs in the upper atmosphere around thunderstorms. They appear as cones, glows and discharges. They were only discovered last century, because of their placement and their very brief life-span (they last less than a second). Snow Rollers: Snow rollers, are snow balls formed naturally by strong winds blowing across a flat, snow covered field. Three conditions have to occur for Snow rollers to occur: The ground must be icy or be covered with a snow crust. Winds must be strong and gusty. A wet snowfall of at least a couple of inches.
Once a snow roller is formed the wind gets it to roll, collecting snow as it moves, in some cases even creating tracks of bare ground. The appearance of a snow roller resembles a scaled down version of those large rolled hay bails, only made of snow. Ice Fall / Bomb
Many people have experienced Hailstorms, but rarelyhave they encountered hail or ice lumps larger than a softball (record weighed 80 pounds). Even more mysterious are giant boulders, even when there are no clouds in the sky. Some events are recorded as falling from a plane, but the cause is not known. Giant Hailstones A hailstorm is precipitation in the form of balls or lumps of clear ice and compact snow. It is not known for sure how hailstones form and grow. We do know that they are spherical or irregularly spherical and usually vary in diameter up to 1/2 in. (1.3 cm); in rare cases hailstones having diameters up to 5 in. (12.7 cm) have been observed. Hail causes much damage and injury to crops, livestock, property, and airplanes. Supercell
Going purely by the name, Supercell sounds as cool as it is. It is the name given to a continuously rotating updraft deep within a severe thunderstorm (a mesocyclone) and looks downright scary. photo by Mark Purcell Water Spout, Sea Monster or Spinning Water A small whirlwind, usually called the devil water, can be formed over warm water, it brings water to the top and forms a channel on the surface of the water.The "Water Devil" water spout can spin irregular, sometimes making a hissing sound and bubble like. This plus the noise sound form a long neck could give the impression that there are sea monsters. Fire Rainbow
A fire rainbow is an extremely rare phenomenon that occurs only when the sun is high allowing its light to pass through high-altitude cirrus clouds with a high content of ice crystals. Gravity Wave (clouds)
Gravity waves are waves in the sky not the water. These seldom seen gravity waves are caused when air is displaced in the vertical plain, usually as a result of updrafts coming off the mountains or during thunderstorms. Virga
Virga is when ice crystals in clouds fall, but evaporate before hitting the ground. They appear as trails from clouds reaching for the surface, sometimes giving the cloud a jellyfish-like appearance. Lenticular Clouds are masses of cloud with strong internal uplift that can drive a motorless flyer to high elevations.Their shape is quite often mistaken for a mysterious flying object or the artificial cover for one. Generally, lenticular clouds are formed as wind speeds up while moving around a large land object such as a mountain. Pyrocumulus Clouds
Procumulus Clouds are a heat related phenomenon, they form from the fast and intense heating of an area to create convecture, which in turn creates a cumulous cloud. Volcanoes, forest fires, and nuclear explosion (in the form of a mushroom cloud) are all prime causes of pyrocumulus clouds. Colored Moons
Due to different atmospheric issues, the moon will occasionally appear tinged with a color, such as blue, orange, or red. Excess smoke, dust, and eclipses can cause the moon to change color. Blue Moon
We think of the blue moon as two moons occurring in one month. But the moon seldom actually looks blue. Forest fires and volcanic eruptions can shoot ash and soot into the atmosphere where it will mix with water droplets. This mixture can be carried by the wind thousands of miles around the world and sometimes refract light of the moon and make it look bluish. Other weather related events you may want to look up: Other meteorological phenomenon is a weather event which can be explained by the principles of meteorology: (phenomina in Italics are listed above)
Air mass
Anticyclone
Arctic cyclone
Clouds
Crow Instability
Derecho
Drought
Dust devil
Dust storm
Extratropical cyclone
Foehn wind
Hail
Hurricane
Ice pellets
Lake effect snow
Lightning
Mesocyclone
Rain
Rain and snow mixed
Sleet; Ice pellets and Rain and snow mixed
Snow
Squall
Subtropical cyclone
Supercell
Temperature inversion
Thunder
Tornado
Tropical storm
Weather front
Wind
Other unusual weather phenomena : (phenomina in Italics are listed above) Diamond dust (a predominantly Polar phenomenon)
Halo
Light pillar
Morning glory cloud
Non-aqueous Rain (Raining animals)
Rainbow
Sun shower
Sun dog
Thundersnow
Novaya Zemlya Effect Weather Disasters: There are many Natural Disasters caused by extreme weather such as Blizzards, Heat waves, Cyclones, Hurricanes, Tornadoes, Floods, Mdslides, Wildfires, Bushfires. Natural Disasters non weather related but caused by other natural phenomenon. Natural Disasters include s the effect of a natural hazard such as a Volcano eruption, Tsunami, Earthquake that affects the environment
Top Ten Toy: Planetpals Puzzle!
Rated among top ten for this season!
5 puzzles available
Learn more Planetpals Activity Books
Planetpals Products Planetpals Activities School, Homeschool, Home
NEXT: Learn about Natural Disasters Take a look at the size of the Earth! Learn about The Food Chain Learn Earth Fast facts Learn about ecology SEE the wonders of the world
Dutch bid to poach giants while UK's back is turned
General aerial view of The Shard, Tower Bridge, 20 Fenchurch street, central London and Canary Wharf. Picture: PA PA Wire/PA Images
Post Brexit, Unilever and Shell could take advantage of lower corporate taxes in the Netherlands. ANGELA JAMESON reports.
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
While we have all been braced to hear which American and Asian banks will hotfoot it out of London when Brexit comes, we should perhaps be more worried by signs that two huge British companies are thinking of saying goodbye.
Shell and Unilever, Anglo-Dutch giants that will be known in most British homes, are considering taking advantage of an aggressive move by the Dutch Government to scrap a 15% tax on dividends from January 2019 and make Holland their single corporate home.
The issue has prompted protests and parliamentary debates in the Netherlands yet it has barely raised an eyebrow here, despite being just the sort of move that David Davis would like to use to keep companies in Britain. Two announcem-ents underline the threat. The first was from Unilever, the UK's third biggest company which owns PG Tips, as well as Dove, Persil and Knorr. It said that it would delay a decision on whether to choose the UK or the Netherlands for its headquarters, because of the political emotions running high in Europe.
The consumer group, which saw off an unwanted takeover attempt from Kraft Heinz last year, would like to unify its dual-structure in favour of one single legal corporation, because that would make it easier to do deals and spin off businesses.
But Unilever has recognised that taking a decision right now would inevitably be politicised and kicked it down the road. That does not mean the issue will disappear though, and the Dutch move on tax will strengthen the Netherlands' claim on the company.
Also this week, Royal Dutch Shell announced that it would resume paying its dividend in cash, rather than paying part of it in so-called scrip dividends. The scrip dividend was a way for the Anglo-Dutch energy company to save cash when the oil price tanked but it meant it had to issue thousands of new shares, diluting ownership for investors who are dual-listed in Holland and the UK.
Shell openly lobbied for the Dutch tax to be cut and could make significant savings if it scrapped its complicated dual share structure, which gives shareholders different rights.
If Shell and Unilever both decide to list in the Netherlands, the overall FTSE All share dividend yield – the amount pension funds, insurance companies and other investors earn from UK shares – would fall by 14%. With interest rates at historic lows and investors constantly searching for places to find better returns, this would be unwelcome.
With Brexit looming, competition to attract multinational companies has ramped up. David Davis has talked about making the UK a Singapore-style economy with ultra-low taxation, but the Dutch have already cut the corporate tax rate from 25% to 21%.
While our politicians are distracted by Brexit negotiations, without any apparent progress, other nations could easily copy the Dutch and push ahead of us with enticements for big business.
Good news from the Bank of England: the country's biggest banks can survive even a “disorderly” Brexit. However, the Bank is concerned about the stress the banks would face if Britain crashed out of the EU without a deal, at the same time as a global recession.
That is why it is forcing banks to hold an extra £6bn in capital to guard against any egregious risks and it could insist on them holding more, the following year. So we're clearly not out of the woods yet.
One of the big risks the Bank of England did not cover with its stress tests was that of a Labour government, led by Jeremy Corbyn as Prime Minister.
Bankers at Morgan Stanley have told clients in their 2018 predictions that there could be another General Election in the UK towards the end of the year, when Theresa May has to admit that she could not get the Brexit deal her party wants.
Morgan Stanley warns that for those thinking of investing in the UK, the domestic situation and the prospect of nationalisation, higher taxes and Labour spending priorities could be a bigger risk than Brexit. Coming from a US bank, that recommendation will no doubt win Corbyn a few more fans.
What do we really know about Christmas traditions? We went to a handful of books that detail the origins and meanings of them. Read on to find out 20 fun facts about the holiday.
Christmas. Arguably, it is our most celebrated holiday. We attend church services. We send greeting cards. We serve up holiday dinners and exchange Christmas gifts. We are surrounded by colorful decorations and engulfed by the sounds of Christmas carols. But what do we really know about any of those traditions? What do we know about Christmas? We went to a handful of books that detail the origins and meanings of Christmas traditions. Read on to find out 20 fun facts about the holiday.
1. Why does Santa wear red?
OK, this isn't the most important thing to know about a Christian holiday. But it's the title of a book, and it's intriguing.
Think St. Nicholas — jolly old St. Nick — instead of Santa. He was the bishop of Smyrna. Then think of the color of a bishop's cape.
Anyway, red is the way Norman Rockwell saw it, and red is the color Coca-Cola wanted when it pretty much created the modern image of Santa in 1931.
2. It's just a day.
Granted, it's a special day. The story of it is told in the Gospels of Matthew and Luke. But the Bible doesn't specifically say the baby Jesus was born on Dec. 25. Different dates have been debated. Pope Julius I finally decreed Dec. 25 as the official date for the celebration of Christ's birth. It already was a date at the center of a pagan holiday that featured parties, feasts and gift-giving. So the rest of us fell into line.
3. Christmas is not just our holiday, of course. It's celebrated by Christians throughout the world.
Santa gets around on Christmas Eve. Here are ways he says “Merry Christmas” in different languages: Feliz Navidad (Spanish), Froehliche Weihnachten (German), Joyeux Noel (French), Kala Christouyenna (Greek) and God Jul (Swedish).
4. There are traditional ways of looking at Christmas.
“I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year,” Charles Dickens wrote in “A Christmas Carol.”
And there are odd, but somehow uplifting, ways of seeing the celebration.
“A lovely thing about Christmas is that it's compulsory, like a thunderstorm,” muses Garrison Keillor, “and we all go through it together.”
There also are disturbing holiday thoughts.
“There is a remarkable breakdown of taste and intelligence at Christmas-time,” wrote humorist P.J. O'Rourke. “Mature, responsible grown men wear neckties made of holly leaves and drink alcoholic beverages with raw egg yolks and cottage cheese in them.”
5. We all have our own family traditions for holiday meals. The classic middle-class Victorian Christmas dinner menu included roast goose, red cabbage, Yorkshire pudding, plum pudding and mince pie.
6. There was a little confusion in holiday celebrations at first. For example, the Christmas carol “Jingle Bells” was composed in 1857 as a song to help celebrate a Thanksgiving celebration in a Boston Sunday school class. Supposedly, it was so popular that it was sung again on Christmas.
7. Decorated Christmas trees in homes date to 1605 in Germany.
But the first American patent for a Christmas tree stand was not issued until 1876, and stands didn't hold water until 1899.
The first electric Christmas tree lights were sold by General Electric in 1903. So strands have been tangled for more than a century.
8. Mistletoe is an upwardly mobile parasitic plant that grows on oak and other trees, but it has wound its way into Christmas culture as an excuse to kiss. It seems it used to be a symbol of peace and was hung over doorways to ward off evil. Visitors were given a welcome kiss. It really only has kept the holiday smooching going in England and the United States.
9. If you're tired of trading Christmas cards, blame Louis Prang. The German-born Prang turned his attention to Christmas cards in 1875 and started printing them in his Roxbury, Mass., shop. His cards typically were of nativity scenes, family gatherings, nature and Santa. He held design contests to increase the cards' popularity, apparently with great success.
10. In no particular order, here are — one list's opinion — the 10 best Christmas movies of all time: “A Charlie Brown's Christmas” (1965), “A Christmas Carol” (1951); “Dr. Suess: How the Grinch Stole Christmas!” (1966), “Home Alone” (1990), “It's a Wonderful Life” (1946), “The Miracle on 34th Street” (1947), “A Christmas Story” (1983), “National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation” (1989), “The Santa Claus” (1994), and “White Christmas” (1954).
11. Bing Crosby's rendition of Irving Berlin's “White Christmas,” recorded in 1942, sold some 50 million copies — the best-selling single in history.
12. Here's another odd take on a Christmas tradition, a dinner prayer by cartoonist Berke Breathed.
“Dear Lord, I've been asked, nay commanded, to thank thee for the Christmas turkey before us — a turkey which was no doubt a lively, intelligent bird — a social being capable of actual affection, nuzzling its young with almost human-like compassion. Anyway, it's dead and we're gonna eat it. Please give our respects to its family.”
13. Santa is a man of many names.
Just in the United States, Santa also is called St. Nick and, sometimes Kris Kringle. He's called Father Christmas in England, Christkindli in Switzerland, Pere Noel in France, Babbo Natale in Italy and Weihnachtsmann in Austria.
14. In lists of “15 Great Gifts” for him and her, she apparently longs for perfume, pajamas, yoga classes, a yoga mat, days-off coupons, purse, cookbooks, heating pad, shoes, a massage, diamond earrings, pearls, an evening bag, gift certificates and collections of vintage teacups. He would like power tools, martini shakers, a toiletry bag, aquarium, electronic organizer, toolbelt, wallet, antique watch, digital camera, money clip, all-in-one screwdriver, Swiss army knife, custom-made shirt, catalog gift certificate and season tickets to some sports team.
15. Here's some important reindeer trivia.
There are about five million reindeer in the world.
Santa's ninth reindeer was originally named Rollo — and then Reginald — before Robert L. May decided on Rudolph in his 1939 song.
“Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer” is the second best selling carol after “White Christmas.” (You know you were wondering.)
16. Candy canes started as white sticks used to decorate Christmas trees. It was not until the 20th century that they were given red stripes.
17. If you want a holiday “downer,” consider Joel Waldfogel's theory about “The Deadweight Loss of Christmas,” from the American Economic Review published in the early 1990s.
“While it is possible for a giver to choose a gift which the recipient ultimately values above its price ... it is more likely that the gift will leave the recipient worse off than if she had made her own consumption choice with an equal amount of cash.”
It's why gift certificates exist.
18. Some families have had a little more to celebrate, or mourn, on Christmas Day.
Notable individuals who were born on Christmas include Pope Pius VI (1717), Humphrey Bogart (1899), Cab Calloway (1907), Anwar Sadat (1918), Sissy Spacek (1949), and Dido Florian Cloud de Bounevialle Armstrong, aka Dido (1971). People who died on Christmas include W.C. Fields (1946), Charlie Chaplin (1977), Dean Martin (1995) and James Brown (2006).
19. A letter written by President John F. Kennedy in 1961 replied to little Michelle Rochon's concern about the continuation of Christmas in an increasingly turbulent world.
“I was glad to get your letter about trying to stop the Russians from bombing the North Pole and risking the life of Santa Claus.
“I share your concern about the atmospheric testing of the Soviet Union, not only for the North Pole but for countries throughout the world not only for Santa Claus but for people throughout the world.
“However, you must not worry about Santa Claus. I talked with him yesterday and he is fine. He will be making his rounds this Christmas.”
20. Finally, all silliness aside, it seems fitting to conclude a look at Christmas with words of more authority from the Gospel of Luke:
“For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord.
“And this shall be a sign unto you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger.”
Amen.
ABOUT OUR SOURCES
“Why Does Santa Wear Red? ... and 100 Other Christmas Curiosities Unwrapped,” by Meera Lester.
“The Curious World of Christmas,” by Niall Edworthy.
“Norman Rockwell's Christmas Book,” edited by Molly Rockwell.
“The Christmas Almanac,” edited by Natasha Tabori Fried and Lena Tabori.
“A Family Christmas,” selected and introduced by Caroline Kennedy; illustrated by Jon J. Muth and Laura Hartman Maestro.
Charlie Winter is senior Research Fellow at the International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation. The opinions in this article are those of the author.
(CNN) One week into the US-backed offensive to retake Mosul , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump claimed that it was "turning out to be a total disaster." There is a lot wrong with this statement -- first and foremost, the fact that it was simply not true. In reality, after just seven days of fighting, ISIS had lost hundreds of square kilometers and coalition allies were within five miles of Mosul's city limits.
Contrary to the Trump take on things, the operation had gotten off to a good start and, about this, there was almost universal consensus. Even the Russians expressed their cautious optimism.
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!
When it comes to Mosul, Trump seemed to be on his own. And he would have been, were it not for ISIS, the position of which he had unwittingly reiterated almost word for word. Indeed, four days before the tweet in question, the ISIS propagandists published their weekly newspaper leading with the headline , "An Unsuccessful Start to the Crusader Campaign against Nineveh," and claiming that the operation was doomed to failure from the outset because it was driven by "the necessities of the presidential election campaign in America," rather than a real will and tactical capability to liberate Mosul.
That Trump was on the same page as ISIS may seem strange, but it is not surprising. After all, a large amount of Trump's appeal relies on the pretense that everything is going wrong and that only he can save things. Hence, if he were optimistic about Mosul, he would have risked undermining one of the core pillars of his entire campaign.
Notably, though, this is not the first time that Trump and ISIS have seen eye to eye. Indeed, over the last year in particular, his rhetoric has persistently reflected that of the ISIS propagandists , especially when it came to issues pertaining to Islam and the West. It's in this context that the similarities are most striking: when Trump says "I think Islam hates us," ISIS is there to back him up as evidence, declaring that "we [and the religion of Islam that ISIS falsely claims to represent] hate you."
At times, it is almost uncanny how closely each affirms the other's worldview. However, this is not because their ideological positions actually resemble each other, and it is certainly not because an active relationship exists between the two. Not by any stretch of the imagination could that be the case.
Rather, this strange symbiosis is just indicative of the fact that opposing extremisms sometimes work in each other's favor: the fear that drives Trump's anti-Muslim populism , in a not-so-roundabout way, fuels the fires of ISIS' global jihadist project. While their goals are poles apart, each appeals to their supporters by stoking fears of the "other." So, when ISIS says the West hates Muslims and Trump says Muslims hate the West, they end up reinforcing and reaffirming the other's system of beliefs.
In both instances, the ideological adversary and the fear it inspires end up serving as a resource to be tapped in order to back up bombastic claims and rally supporters around the anti-"other" cause.
JUST WATCHED Clinton: Evidence that Trump is a gift for ISIS Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Clinton: Evidence that Trump is a gift for ISIS 02:06
While it's most certainly unwitting on Trump's part, the same cannot be said of ISIS. After all, despite some reports, it has not once mentioned Trump in its official propaganda, at least that which it circulates on the Internet. Perhaps, then, this is because its propagandists are begrudgingly aware of his potential as an evidence base for their assertions and, for that reason, do not want to get in his way.
After all, a Trump White House would be a real coup for ISIS. To have someone as polarizing as him at the reins of power would, for ISIS supporters, be confirmation of the fact that there is an inevitable war against Islam , an unavoidable clash of civilizations
In any case, even if he loses the election, the unsuspecting Trump has already played into their hands. The damage his campaign has done with its rampant normalization of anti-Muslim hate will be with us for a long time.
Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook
Whatever happens on Tuesday, it is crucial we recognize that ISIS and its ideological associates have been working toward this for years now. Indeed, a desire to polarize is a fundamental part of their terrorist strategy . Intra-communal hate is a way to reify the jihadist worldview, a tool to eliminate the gray zone within which Muslims and non-Muslims cohabit and, ultimately, something that can fertilize the pools within which extremists seek to recruit.
In this sense, ISIS and groups like it have few more effective allies than the unwitting Trump and his loyal retinue of anti-Muslim rhetoricians.
Sand people always ride single file to hide their numbers...probably.
Ben Kenobi knew that Tusken Raiders couldn't have destroyed the Jawa sandcrawler because of their cunning tactics. Unlike the Empire, which is happy to scour the desert with a battalion of troopers for stolen plans, Tusken raiders--or "sand people"--don't want anyone to know how many of them there are. They "always ride in single file to hide their numbers," the old Jedi reveals in A New Hope. It seems like a commonsense precaution, but does the Tusken adage actually confer an advantage?
The Tuskens of the Star Wars universe are a primitive, nomadic people who traverse the harsh desert sands of Luke Skywalker's home planet Tatooine. But unlike another nomadic people who simply pack up and move, the Tuskens apparently are concerned enough about concealment that they move a certain way through their environment. Always riding single file does have advantages, unless you don't want to be tracked.
A single file line formation has been apart of military strategy going back as far as the single lines of men that made up the ancient Greek phalanx. In modern militaries, the single file formation has many advantages, though they are specific ones. According to the FM-10--a field manual for the combat engineer platoon--the file formation is the fastest marching formation and provides very good cover of the platoon's flanks. It is also the easiest formation for a commanding officer to control, nearly impossible to ambush, and good for moving over difficult terrain. However, noted in the same manuals are warnings. The single file formation does poorly when expecting enemy contact to the front or rear, and soldiers need to keep track of how much space is between them--they are advised to stand far enough apart that one bullet doesn't kill two men.
[caption id="attachment_8195" align="aligncenter" width="643" caption="Via The Infantry Rifle Platoon and Squad and The Ranger Handbook, chap. 5"][/caption]
If the Tuskens were looking for privacy, always riding in single file would be a bad decision. The US Special Operations Forces Handbook advises a squad of soldiers moving over ground that would show their tracks--such as desert sand--to split up from a single file formation to confuse would-be trackers. The US Army Ranger Handbook says the same. When trying to remain hidden from the enemy, "only in extreme situations should the file [formation] be used."
If the Tuskens didn't mind being easily tracked to their camp, the single file formation would actually hide their numbers. In the Marine Corps' field manual of desert operations, vehicles are specifically advised to "follow the tracks of the preceding vehicle if it is possible to do so without breaking through the crust, as this reduces the possibility of an enemy intelligence analyst to calculate how many vehicles have passed." Besides hiding the number of vehicles, this tactic also reduces the size of the dust cloud produced by the moving trucks, tanks, and humvees. To avoid giving away the Tuskens, Banthas do the same.
Infantry are told to use Tusken tactics as well. In a Twitter conversation, former Sergeant Alan Leggitt, who served in the US Army's infantry from 2004-2009, told me that in terrain that would show their tracks--like snow--officers did in fact state that moving in a single file formation would hide the number of soldiers passing through the area.
[caption id="attachment_8193" align="aligncenter" width="642" caption=""Single File!""][/caption]
Former Sergeant Leggitt also noted that all formations are conditional. The single file formation is good for quick movement through rough terrain, but isn't very good in a firefight. The Stormtroopers that attacked the Jawa sandcrawler --leading to the reveal of the Tusken tactic in the first place--were probably in a wedge formation (like a big "V"), and is why Ben Kenobi could tell the difference in the tracks.
Like any good tactic, the Tusken single file formation only works in the right situation. The single file line is easy to track, considering it led an uber-pissed Anakin Skywalker right to a camp for a slaughter. But if Tuskens were savvy enough to keep moving, the tactic that Kenobi pointed out would really hide their numbers. And the shifting sand would probably cover their tracks anyway, like it is doing to the real-life Mos Espa.
Maybe Tusken raiders scare so easy because they are worried we will discover that they have a decent knowledge of military tactics.
-- Tusken Raider uploaded to the Star Wars Wikia by user JMAS "Single File!" by JD Hancock
September's mortifying Mets collapse prompted me to finally update my “Levels of Losing” column from 2002, which was culled from years and years of unfortunate experiences as a sports fan. Please note that we're ignoring run-of-the-mill losses and concentrating on memorable defeats (buzzer-beaters, blowouts, choke jobs, etc.) in big moments (pivotal games in a playoff series, Game 7s, NFL playoff games, losses that submarine regular seasons, etc.).
Back in 2002, we only had 13 levels. Now? Sixteen. The list keeps growing. Here are those 16 levels in order of least painful to most painful.
Level XVI: The Princeton Principle
Definition: When a Cinderella team hangs tough against a heavy favorite, but the favorite somehow prevails in the end (like Princeton almost toppling Georgetown in the '89 NCAAs). … This one stings because you had low expectations, but those gritty underdogs raised your hopes. … Also works for boxing, especially in situations like Balboa-Creed I (“He doesn't know it's a damn show! He thinks it's a damn fight!”). … The moment that always sucks you in: in college hoops, when they show shots of the bench scrubs leaping up and down and hugging each other during the “These guys won't go away!” portion of the game, before the collapse at the end.
Personal Memory: The first round of the '95 NBA playoffs between Boston (No. 8 seed) and Orlando (No. 1 seed), the final season of the Boston Garden, when the C's (with a motley group of has-beens and nobodies) split the first two games in Orlando, then nearly polished off the Magic at home before Shaq, Penny and the gang prevailed. Those Celtics were woefully overmatched, but it was the magical Garden's last gasp; the electric atmosphere suckered us into thinking, “Damn, we might actually win this thing!” It was extremely tough to leave that place after Game 4.
Level XV: The Achilles' Heel
Definition: This defeat transcends the actual game, because it revealed something larger about your team, a fatal flaw exposed for everyone to see. … Flare guns are fired, red flags are raised, doubt seeps into your team. … Usually the beginning of the end. (You don't fully comprehend this until you're reflecting back on it.)
Personal Memory: During the first quarter of the Chargers-Pats blowout, the broadcast either split-screened Bill Belichick and Norv Turner or showed them consecutively — poor Norv was vacantly staring out to the field, like he couldn't remember if he'd left the lights on in his rental car or something — and I remember thinking, “Holy crap, their head coach is Norv Turner! We can basically cross the Chargers off the list of 2007 AFC contenders; it's down to the Pats, Colts and Steelers!”
Best Example: We just had two in the first month of the 2007 NFL season — San Diego getting crushed by New England (the day everyone realized that Norv Turner and Ted Cottrell were prominently involved in the 2007 Chargers season), and Dallas crushing the Rex Grossman era in Chicago and causing Bears fans to start chanting “Griese! Griese!” (Like Brian Griese could ever save the day.)
Level XIV: The Alpha Dog
Definition: It might have been a devastating loss, but at least you could take solace that a superior player made the difference in the end. … Unfortunately, he wasn't playing for your team. … You feel more helpless here than anything. … For further reference, see any of MJ's games in the NBA Finals against Utah ('97 and '98).
Personal Memory: Flipping things around, remember Game 5 of the '99 ALDS (Red Sox-Indians), when Pedro Martinez came out of the bullpen and slammed the door on Cleveland's season? Six innings of no-hit ball with an injured shoulder? Nothing you could do about that. Pedro came jogging in from the bullpen like Clint Eastwood … and Indians fans knew they were finished. See you next year.
Level XIII: The Rabbit's Foot
Definition: Now we're starting to get into “Outright Painful” territory. … This applies to those frustrating games and/or series in which every single break seemingly goes against your team. … Unbelievably frustrating. … You know that sinking, “Oh, God, I've been here before” feeling when something unfortunate happens, when your guard immediately goes shooting up? … Yeah, I'm wincing just writing about it.
Personal Memory: The Red Sox-Yanks playoff series from '99, when everything went against the Sox — two potential homers bouncing off the top of the wall, egregiously bad umpiring, seeing-eye singles and bloop hits and everything else. After a while, you start battling that nagging, unshakable, “It's not our year” feeling, which takes on a life of its own and swallows your team whole. Nothing destroys a season faster than bad karma.
Level XII: The Sudden Death
Definition: Is there another fan experience quite like overtime hockey, when every slap shot, breakaway and centering pass might spell doom, and losing feels 10 times worse than winning feels good (if that makes sense)? … There's only one mitigating factor: When OT periods start piling up and you lose the capacity to care anymore, invariably you start rooting for the game to just end, just so you don't suffer a heart attack.
Personal Memory: Game 1, Bruins-Oilers, 1990 Stanley Cup Finals, the tail end of my sophomore year in college, when everyone from school trekked down to Cape Cod for seven days of drinking and general mayhem. On this particular night, my buddy Sully and I skipped out of a party to watch the third period at a Hyannis bar. Just the third period, right? It ended up being the first OT. And the second OT. And the third OT. Imagine the most nerve-wracking moment of your life, then imagine it ballooning to three-plus hours. That's playoff hockey.
Anyway, by the time Edmonton's Petr Klima drove a stake into our hearts around 1 a.m., we were drunk, drained, jittery and semi-suicidal. I don't even really remember what happened after that. I think we ended up walking down Route 6 and hitchhiking or something. Who knows? We didn't even know what to do. If I bumped into Sully 50 years from now, “Glen Wesley missing the net in the second OT” would be the first thing we brought up. I can't even talk about this anymore.
Level XI: Dead Man Walking
Definition: Applies to any playoff series in which your team remains “alive,” but they just suffered a loss so catastrophic and so harrowing that there's no possible way they can bounce back. … Especially disheartening because you wave the white flag mentally, but there's a tiny part of you still holding out hope for a miraculous momentum change. … So you've given up, but you're still getting hurt, if that makes sense. … Just for the record, the 2002 Nets and 2005 Astros proved that you can fight off The Dead Man Walking Game, but it doesn't happen often.
Decent Example: Remember Game 5 of the Eastern Conference finals in '93 (Knicks-Bulls), when Charles Smith had all those chances to make the winning layup and kept getting stuffed, so the Knicks lost home-court advantage and had to travel to Chicago for Game 6? They didn't have a chance in hell. Bring this game up to a Knicks fan and they invariably start dropping f-bombs.
Personal Memory: Two quintessential examples, both from the '86 baseball playoffs.
• Games 6 and 7 of the 1986 ALCS (Red Sox-Angels), following the dramatic Game 5 when the Angels (three outs from the World Series) blew a 5-2 lead in the ninth inning (capped off by Dave Henderson's go-ahead homer with two strikes and two outs in the ninth, as policemen surrounded the field and the Angels bench was ready to run out to celebrate). If that wasn't bad enough, the Angels tied the game in the bottom of the ninth, had two chances with the bases loaded to score the winning run, then blew the game in the 11th. Then they flew cross-country to Boston to play Games 6 and 7, which they promptly lost by a combined score of 132-2. Talk about Dead Man Walking.
The Ref's battleground index includes Ohio, Florida, North Carolina, Iowa, Wisconsin, Nevada, Arizona and New Hampshire. Those states were included because Trump trailed by four points or fewer in all of those states, so they are real battlegrounds. Now another state has dropped into that margin, Virginia. The shift in Virgina seems rather stunning. Only a few days ago, most pundits, including conservative ones, had written the state off. With the last two polls showing a virtual tie, that analysis is out the window. Pennsylvania is also closing, but still sits at a 6.0 point margin for Hillary, so for now, it will remain out of the index. In Virginia, three of the polls in the RCP average are simply too old, containing no data from the last three weeks. Any data that old in a quickly developing race like this one is simply irrelevant. Taking only data from within the last three weeks, the polling average shows Clinton up only by 1.5 points. An Emerson poll has Clinton up 1 and a Hampton University poll has her up by 2. Emerson receives a B rating from 538, but it does show a slight Republican bias over time. Hampton University also receives a B, but has no bias over time and a 100% race calling percentage. These are solid polls and worth considering. The margins in the other battlegrounds follow. Trump leads in Iowa by 0.8 points and Arizona by 2.5 points. Trump trails in Ohio (-3.8), Florida (-2.7), North Carolina (-0.5), Nevada (2.3), Wisconsin (4.0) and Virginia (1.5). A poll in Wisconsin from June was excluded because the data is too old. Averaging the states where Trump is behind shows us that Trump is trailing by 2.5 points. While the overall index is remaining same, +2.5 points for Clinton, Trump has gained flexibility. Trump no longer needs to win states that often go to Democrats. He can now afford to lose Iowa, Wisconsin and New Hampshire, where he is less likely to win by historical standards. He will need to win the states Republicans have won recently, specifically Florida, Ohio, North Carolina, Virginia, Nevada and Arizona, where he trails only by 2.1 points. He can also afford to lose Nevada where he's currently trailing if he wins Iowa, where he's currently leading. This shift is significant because Trump can pull into the lead just by bringing Republicans into his tent. He has not been achieving the ninety percent level of Republican support that a GOP candidate typically receives. He has been closer to seventy-five percent. If he can just get a little closer to ninety percent support, he should claim these states that often go GOP. Some of the GOP will naturally come home as we approach election day.
Hands up: Who feels personally victimised by Dev Patel's new girlfriend? If your hand isn't raised, you're a liar and a fraud.
While Australian actress Tilda Cobham-Hervey seems really cool and nice, the fact remains — she has burst our collective bubble by dating the internet's fantasy boyfriend, Lion actor (who does a mean Australian accent) and known Longbottomer, Dev Patel. Why cruel fate?!
The dreamboat and his Hotel Mumbai co-star/lover were snapped in L.A. Tuesday, with Patel's adorable mother also in tow.
Look how happy they are. Pfft, it won't last. Jokes! Good for them, etc. But the fact remains — the people are devastated.
I was not emotionally ready for Dev Patel to have a girlfriend. — Hanna Flint (@HannaFlint) March 1, 2017
dev patel has a girlfriend and i feel like i've been dumped — 🥀 paola 🥀 (@5scsofpizza) March 1, 2017
The rumors aren't true, that white girl isn't Dev Patel's girlfriend. I am his girlfriend okay this is all fake news! — Z. (@lujuriamiu) March 1, 2017
Dev Patel has a girlfriend and honestly I feel like my middle school crush just ripped the note I passed him into a thousand pieces — Kayla Jéanne (@ohkayyyla2) March 1, 2017
saw an article about Dev Patel having a girlfriend and I made a conscious choice to not open it #selfcare — Hannah Hodges (@hannah_nelle) March 1, 2017
The heartbreak is real. But some inexplicably mature people are beyond social media's pettiness.
Gonna block anyone that tweets about Dev Patel's girlfriend because I will not stand for this kind of negativity on my TL. — Mallory Harris (@malgal_12) March 1, 2017
Dev has a history of dating mega babes. He previously dated his Slumdog Millionaire co-star Freida Pinto from 2008 to 2014. They too were heartbreakingly cute together. God dammit.
In spite the current presidential race going on between Mr. Obama and Mr. Romney, and the political fatigue that follows, we want to profile a past president today. I decided to write about president Harry S. Truman when Gentleman's Gazette reader Charles Day introduced us to an array of remarkable pictures of Truman's suits. I found these pictures particularly interesting because Captain Harry – as his friends called him – was in fact a haberdasher in the early 1920's. Today, I would like to shed a little more light on this often mentioned but rarely discussed career of the 33rd President of the United States. In the following, I want to take a detailed look at his clothes and discuss certain notable features.
Harry S. Truman – Bank Clerk, Farmer & Haberdasher
Much has been written about Mr. Truman, and hence I do not want to expound on details that others have researched much more extensively than I.
However, one of my favorite anecdotes about him is the fact that his middle name was simply “S.” – it's not an abbreviation! What exactly his parents had in mind when they named him in Lamar, Missouri on May 18, 1884, I don't know, but it does emphasize how important it is in the US to have a middle name.
After high school graduation at the age of 17, Truman took a few odd jobs and eventually landed a job as a bank clerk. In 1906 he left the business to help his father at the family farm. In 1910, he began writing letters to his former classmate Bess Wallace who declined his first offer of marriage in 1911. However, Truman was determined young man, and built a tennis court for his athletic beloved, though it did not seem to impress her much. Finally in 1913, the two became engaged. Truman was then 29 years old, but he was still figuring out what to do with his life.
In a letter to Bess he wrote: “Do you . . . want to be a farmer? Or shall I do some other business?” After his father's death he invested in two risky endeavors in zinc and oil, both of which left him with more debt than before. During WWI, Truman became a captain in the army and upon his return to the US, he decided to quit farming and pursue a career as a haberdasher in downtown Kansas City, together with his military friend Edward “Eddie” Jacobson. Both had served in the 129th Field Artillery and while stationed at Camp Doniphan in Oklahoma, they operated the regimental canteen with such great success that they decided to go into business together once the war was over. Truman once remarked:
“We'd done so well in the canteen, we didn't see why we couldn't do just as well in civilian life, and it looked like we were a pretty good combination. I'd do the selling and keep the books, and we had a clerk part of the time, and Eddie would do the buying. Of course the way things turned out we both did everything, a little of everything.”
As such, they started their Truman & Jacobson haberdashery on November 28, 1919, at 104 West 12th Street.
They sold mostly gent's accessories but also a few suits. Interestingly, Truman would always wear tailored suits, not the ones he sold in the store!
Their prime location in downtown Kansas City was just across the Muehlebach Hotel (see ad) and the two signed a lease for 5 years on May 27, 1919. Initially, the store prospered and served as a meeting point for elegant men about town as well as members of the 129th Field Artillery. Some even brought their law books to study at the store in the evening.
In the picture above, you can see the interior of their haberdashery. Left to right, are: Harry S. Truman, Francis Berry (a corporal in the 129th), Mike Flynn (a Lieutenant in Battery “D”) & Kelsey Cravens (a friend of Truman).
Due to continuing success, Truman filed the articles for incorporation to became president of the Truman & Jacobson, on February 23, 1921 . However, shortly thereafter the haberdashery faced financial difficulties during the recession and finally Truman & Jacobson had to close its doors in September, 1922. Both Truman Truman and Jacobson left heavily indebted. In 1949 he wrote to a friend:
Dear Ed: I can't tell you how very much I appreciated your letter of the twenty-fourth and enclosure. That made me remember a very sad experience through which I went in connection with that stock certificate. We almost made it too and had it not been for that good-for-nothing bunch of bankrupt lawyers who tried to force me into bankruptcy, and did force Eddie Jacobson into it, I believe we could have pulled the situation through. Eddie is now on his own and doing a very successful business out in Westport. I am certainly appreciative of your action in this matter. Sincerely, Harry S. Truman
While Jacobson continued to work in the menswear trade and eventually opened his own store, Truman pursued a different career where he advanced from county administrator to U.S. Senator to Vice President and, ultimately, President of the United States. Despite their business failure, their friendship stayed alive. In fact, the Jewish Eddie Jacobson had a huge impact on Truman in regard to the establishment of a Jewish homeland in Palestine as a refuge for survivors of the Nazi Holocaust in Europe. During a meeting at the White House on March 13, 1948, Jacobson persuaded Truman to meet with Dr. Chaim Weizmann, the leader of the Zionist movement at the time. Just about two months later, the United States became the first nation to recognize the newly formed state of Israel diplomatically.
As you can see, Truman's connections from his haberdasher days had a significant influence on him even during his presidency.
Truman's Suits
Truman's haberdashery says had a significant influence on his style, and this unique photo collection of some of his collection is evidence of his interest in style. He was always noted to be particularly well put together, no matter the occasion. First, let's start with Truman's wedding suit, which looks rather informal for traditionalists.
It was finished on May 17, 1919 and tailored by his friend Theodore “Ted” Marks of Kansas City, MO. An invoice from September 5 that same year, names a grey stripe suit as well as a “Shepard plaid” on the second line for $65. It most likely refers to Truman's houndstooth wedding suit with patch pockets – how unusual for a formal garment! In an interview with tailor Ted Marks, he says that the suit was just made for the Truman's wedding and that he owned a suit like that himself, which made them look like twins.
Technically, a sheppard's check is different from a houndstooth, but back then names were often used used interchangeably. However, a ‘plaid' would usually imply that there was some kind of plaid, which is not true in this case.
I find the suit interesting for many reasons. On the one hand, it features three informal patch pockets but no buttonhole for a boutonniere. The chest pockets flares up, which is quite elegant and typical for the 1920's. The buttons are brown, while the check is black and off white. Note the narrow shoulders and lack of drape, which was typical for the time. Overall, the jacket and sleeves are short but people used to be shorter back then. The positioning of the lower patch pockets is very low in my opinion. As mentioned before, Truman would always wear tailored suits, not the ones off the rack he sold in his store.
Picture of the Wallace-Truman wedding party in the yard of the Wallace home in Independence, Missouri. Left to right: Helen Wallace, cousin of the bride; Harry S Truman; Bess Wallace Truman; Louise Wells, cousin of the bride. Back row: Ted Marks, tailor and friend of the groom; Frank Wallace, brother of the bride.
In the beginning, all of Harry Truman's suits and evening wear were tailored by his friend Ted Marks, who was in fact a Brit who had emigrated to the US around 1906. In the 1940's, when Marks had reached retirement age, he would refer a lot of the work from the president to Stephen Brod, likewise from Kansas City, Missouri. Later Sol Stolowy, a Polish immigrant who resided in Kansas City and had bought fixtures and a big three way mirrors from the bankrupt Truman & Jacobson store, also made some of Truman's suits in the late 1950's.
Sol worked for the Kansas City Custom Garment Co. and took over the company in 1952. He once told Truman,
“You know, Mr. President, that I came from Poland where never could a Jewish boy make clothes for a president — only in America.”
Truman supposedly replied,
“In America, everything is possible. I was a farm boy and became president of the United States.”
More information about their relationship, you should read this interview.
Truman's Evening Wear
In the 1930's Truman would wear this stunning tailcoat – I wonder whether his waistcoat, shirts and jewelry are preserved as well, but I doubt it. Of course, I would also like to see his evening shoes, or his footwear in general for that matter.
Personally, I really like the silhouette of this tailcoat. The wider shoulders, wider peaked lapels and the defined waistline are very flattering.
After the war, Stephen Brod tailored an interesting white linen dinner jacket for Truman with peaked, beige silk covered lapels and Kent 4×1 buttoning configuration. Note, the lapels point straight to the sides rather than up or down and the buttons are mother of pearl.
A year later, Truman opted for a classic single button tuxedo in midnight blue fabric, with black silk covered lapels and jetted pockets. Note, Truman always skips the boutonniere, which surprises me. Although, sometime you could see Truman with a masonic lapel pin in his buttonhole.
Most men will never own a white or cream linen dinner jacket, let alone rent one. The fact that Truman owned two of them clearly shows that he was very interested in clothes all his life. This 4×1 jacket style with the shawl collar is hardly seen anymore although it can look quite attractive. Ralph Lauren – who else?! – had a jacket in this style in his collection years ago but it has vanished ever since.
Lounge Suits
Overall, the saw about 30 lounge suits of Truman's, but since some of them were quite similar, I only picked out a select few that I want to highlight. Please take a look at the gallery below to see more pictures.
Classic double breasted Suit in grey flannel. Truman seems to have liked wearing double breasted garments. Often, he would also leave the bottom button unbuttoned, just like the Neapolitans do. In this picture, the inside button is buttoned to the lower button and the outside one to the upper one, which is why the lapels have a different width.
I really like the brown Donegal tweed of this three piece suit because it has such a rich color depth and speaks to his country roots.
This mid grey three piece suit with jetted pockets is one of the few that features a buttonhole. It is tailored in the 3-role-2 silhouette, which is still popular with bespoke customers today. Fortunately, we also have a picture of him wearing this particular suit. You can see his natural shoulders and that he did not show any cuff although he dressed very carefully.
66 year old Harry S. Truman in dapper ensemble with hat and trenchcoat.
This casual jacket with contrasting sleeve and gigantic collar reminds me of something Gay Talese could wear. It did not surprise me that this piece was not custom made because rarely will people go to the extent to bespeak such a random piece that is worn on very few occasions.
Truman did also like micro checks and the 4×2 double breasted style, especially in the 1950's. The suit in the picture looks a bit unfortunate because it is not buttoned correctly on the inside – just compare the lapel width and you will notice what I mean.
Blazers & Sportscoats
Of course, Truman would also wear blazers and sportscoats every once in a while but interestingly he would often by them from stores rather than tailors.
This single breasted, sportscoat with a slight changeant effect is cut without darts in a sack style with very narrow, typical 1960's lapels.
This 6×3 blazer is very maritime and reminds me of a pea coat rather than a blazer. Interestingly it is of French provenance and was made for A. Sulka in the early seventies.
Last but not least, I want to draw your attention to a single breasted navy blazer with patch pockets, and machine pick stitching. The golden buttons were custom made and bear the seal of the president. Custom buttons are something rarely encountered nowadays, though I like the idea behind it.
Now, what do you think of Truman's suits? Did the man have style? What do you think? Let us know in the comments below and don't forget to checkout the gallery and for more pictures take a look at the article by the NHS: Suited for a President.
Picture Credit: Truman Library and National Park Service.
During the Republican presidential debate in Boulder, Colo., Donald Trump faced off with CNBC co-moderator Becky Quick over something Trump had supposedly said about one of Trump's presidential rivals, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio.
Here's the exchange:
Quick: "You have talked a little bit about Marco Rubio. I think you called him (Facebook founder) Mark Zuckerberg's personal senator, because he was in favor of the H-1B visa."
Trump: "I never said that. I never said that."
Quick: "So this is an erroneous article the whole way around? … My apologies, I'm sorry."
Trump: "Somebody's really doing some bad fact-checking."
As it turns out, Quick was, uh, too quick to apologize.
We looked at the immigration-policy page of Trump's campaign website and found the following:
"Here are some additional specific policy proposals for long-term reform:
"Increase prevailing wage for H-1Bs. We graduate two times more Americans with STEM degrees each year than find STEM jobs, yet as much as two-thirds of entry-level hiring for IT jobs is accomplished through the H-1B program. More than half of H-1B visas are issued for the program's lowest allowable wage level, and more than eighty percent for its bottom two. Raising the prevailing wage paid to H-1Bs will force companies to give these coveted entry-level jobs to the existing domestic pool of unemployed native and immigrant workers in the U.S., instead of flying in cheaper workers from overseas. This will improve the number of black, Hispanic and female workers in Silicon Valley who have been passed over in favor of the H-1B program. Mark Zuckerberg's personal Senator, Marco Rubio, has a bill to triple H-1Bs that would decimate women and minorities."
And here's a screenshot we took during the debate:
Quick circled back later in the debate, noting that she got her information from Trump's website. Trump did not offer a rebuttal. We did not receive an immediate response from the Trump camp.
Our ruling
In the debate, Trump said he "never said that" Marco Rubio was Mark Zuckerberg's personal senator. But he may want to check his own website, which says exactly that. Pants on Fire!
FC Copenhagen CEO Anders Horsholt has confirmed talks are taking place over an international league involving the biggest clubs in Scandinavia, Scotland, the Netherlands and Belgium.
The idea for an "Atlantic League" -- which would involve clubs such as Ajax, Celtic and Rangers -- was first suggested in the late 1990s and has been revisited periodically.
Scotland's Daily Record newspaper reported in February that Celtic had requested talks with Ajax about the possibility of such a league amid fears the Champions League could become an invitation-only event.
Horsholt has now confirmed to Danish newspaper BT that Copenhagen are among the clubs holding discussions over a revival of that idea as they seek to stay competitive with Europe's elite clubs.
"Yes, it's true," he said. "If we do not act now, we will see the biggest clubs grow larger and stronger while it will be increasingly difficult for clubs like us. We must therefore look at alternative international opportunities for FCK [Copenhagen] in the future. It is still too early to talk about specific models, but the discussion of leagues across European borders is a topic we look at and actively participate in."
Anders Horsholt celebrates Copenhagen's Danish Superliga title last season.
BT reported that Copenhagen had held several meetings with clubs that have a large profile within their home nations but cannot compete with the likes of Barcelona, Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Juventus and the top Premier League sides.
UEFA has already approved changes to the Champions League that will give Europe's top four leagues four guaranteed places in the group stage from 2018-19, which has attracted criticism, and there is little suggestion the playing field will be levelled when the next cycle begins in 2021.
"We fully understand why the big clubs act the way they do, but it also means we have to look at the market that creates and seek alliances with the clubs in other countries who are in the same situation," Horsholt said. "This is not a situation we have created but we have to deal with it, because we cannot live with the alternatives."
He confirmed his club would be willing to leave the Danish Superliga.
"The consequences of this development may ultimately mean that FCK and other European clubs that will be part of a new European league will step out of their domestic leagues," he said. "It is still way in the future, but it may well be the result."
He said that once UEFA made the changes to the Champions League to reduce the amount of places available to smaller leagues, "we have to look at how we can secure our future as an international club. In short, we have no alternative."
Follow @ESPNFC on Twitter to keep up with the latest football updates.
“No safety issues will be compromised,” Mr. LaHood told reporters on a conference call. “Flying is safe. Air traffic controllers are guiding airplanes. Safety inspectors are on duty and are doing their job. No one needs to worry about safety.”
The House began its August recess on Monday night, and the Senate followed Tuesday, leaving little hope for a resolution until Congress returns in September. President Obama , in remarks after the Senate's passage of the debt ceiling bill, urged Congress to break the impasse, which he described as “another Washington-inflicted wound on America.”
The impasse centers on disagreements between Republicans and Democrats over a program that subsidizes commercial air service to rural airports. But behind the scenes, a larger fight has been taking place over federal rules on labor elections in the airline industry.
Randy Babbitt, the F.A.A. administrator, said in a conference call with reporters on Tuesday that the agency was depending on the “professionalism” of airport safety inspectors to continue their work without being paid, because their jobs are paid for with money that is awaiting Congressional authorization.
Photo
Those inspectors are the primary individuals responsible for ensuring that commercial airports comply with federal regulations. They also support runway safety action teams, oversee construction safety plans, investigate runway incursions and ensure that corrective action is taken on safety discrepancies.
“The reason they are out on the job is because of the risk to operational safety or life and property,” Mr. Babbitt said. “We can neither pay them nor can we compensate them for expenses. We are depending and living on their professionalism at this point.”
It is unclear how long the inspectors can continue to pay the bills for their own travel and hotel expenses. Typically, each of the roughly 40 regional inspectors travels to up to five airports in each two-week period, F.A.A. officials said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
When F.A.A. financing expired last month, the agency also lost the ability to collect taxes on airline tickets. Those taxes amount to about $30 million a day and are paid into a trust fund that pays for much of its operations.
The House passed a bill last month that would extend F.A.A. financing through Sept. 16 and allow it to continue collecting the ticket tax. Congress has passed 20 such temporary spending bills over the last four years, in part because it has been unable to agree on a larger, long-term authorization of the agency's budget and capital plans.
But the House temporary bill also would end $14 million in subsidies that provided commercial airline service to 16 rural airports. The law was written in a way that appeared to single out for closing airports in the states of prominent Senate Democrats, including the majority leader, Harry Reid of Nevada .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Democrats say Republicans are trying to save a few million dollars at the expense of the ticket tax, which would generate roughly $200 million a week.
Some of the airport closings were included in a long-term spending bill passed by the Senate in February. But Senate Democrats, including Senator John D. Rockefeller IV of West Virginia who is chairman of the committee with jurisdiction over the F.A.A., objected to their inclusion in what they said should have been a “clean” temporary spending measure.
Mr. Rockefeller tried to draft a compromise with Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison , Republican of Texas , that offered to cut $70 million from the rural airport program — several times more than the amount that the Republican bill sought to cut. That effort was blocked by Senator Orrin G. Hatch , Republican of Utah .
Photo
“We are going to lose $1 billion in the aviation trust fund if we leave this Congress for the month of August and we don't extend the F.A.A.,” Ms. Hutchison said.
Senator Barbara Boxer , Democrat of California , accused Republicans of “hostage taking” by refusing to approve an F.A.A. spending bill without including the rural air service cuts.
Representative John L. Mica, a Florida Republican who is chairman of the House transportation committee, said the rural air cuts were intended to reduce wasteful spending, like the subsidies of more than $3,700 per passenger that paid for air service in Ely, Nev., that benefits fewer than 500 passengers a year.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Those 4,000 F.A.A. employees have been furloughed so some in the Senate can protect their own political pork,” Mr. Mica said.
Mr. Reid said Republicans were using the rural airport issue as cover for an effort to change a recently instituted federal labor regulation that made it easier for unions to organize at airline companies.
The new regulation, instituted by the National Mediation Board, requires an employee vote on labor representation to be approved by a majority of those voting. Previously, the rule required a majority of all affected employees, meaning that employees who failed to vote were counted as “no” votes.
Mr. Reid said Republicans were trying to reverse the rule to benefit Delta Air Lines and other companies that have fought against union representation for their workers. A bill passed this year by the House that would grant permanent reauthorization for F.A.A. operations included the labor provision that would change the ruling by the mediation board.
Mr. Hatch said the administration and Democrats in Congress were trying to “put their thumb on the scale in favor of big labor.”
Senate Democrats had hoped that they could quickly pass a temporary spending bill on Tuesday without the rural airport provision, and offer it to the House during the recess. While House members are gone, the House officially reconvenes every few days for a few minutes, a technical move meant to block recess appointments.
Senate Democrats maintained that the House, in one of those sessions, could adopt a clean spending bill by unanimous consent. But ultimately they were not able to gather the forces to pass a new bill.
The House Appropriations Committee's fiscal year 2017 omnibus appropriations bill includes increased funding for the National Endowment for the Arts and Humanities, as well as continued funding for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. All three had been eyed for elimination in earlier Donald Trump administration budget plans, potential moves that met with stern resistance among Democrats and Hollywood's creative community.
The new package was hammered out late Sunday to avoid a government shutdown. Pegged at roughly $1 trillion, it funds the remaining 11 annual Appropriations bills through the end of the fiscal year on September 30. It is expected to pass Congress with bipartisan support.
The NEA and NEH were among 19 agencies that Trump's proposal targeted for elimination of funding. According to details of omnibus bill unveiled today, they will receive $150 million apiece, $2 million above the level in fiscal 2016. The package also provides the CPB an advance appropriation of $445 million for fiscal 2019 — the same level of advance funding provided in fiscal 2016 and the Obama administration's budget request, according to the committee.
The CPB includes funding for PBS and NPR and has had a long history of political brinksmanship with various administrations.
PBS
“This legislation will fund critical federal government activities, including our national defense, and enact responsible funding decisions to target U.S. investments where they are needed the most,” said Appropriations Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen (R-NJ). “It also maintains and enhances policies that bolster economic growth and support the core values that our nation is built upon.
The bill increases national defense funding by $25 billion, but does not include money to build President Trump's border wall.
COLUMBUS – Columbus Crew SC will live stream a historic club jersey partnership announcement on Facebook Live on Friday, February 24, at 11:30 a.m. ET in a press conference held at MAPFRE Stadium. The announcement will be also be available live on ColumbusCrewSC.com.
The monumental reveal ceremony highlighting the jersey sponsorship will feature Columbus Crew SC President of Business Operations Andy Loughnane and a distinguished representative from the jersey sponsorship partner, and is set to take place in the Upper 90 Lounge at MAPFRE Stadium.
The 2017 Major League Soccer and Crew SC regular season opens on March 4 against the Chicago Fire at MAPFRE Stadium, presented by MAPFRE Insurance. The full Crew SC preseason and regular schedule can be downloaded and synced on iOS and Android devices.
The Other People of Color
Asians are considered racial minorities, but there is very little effort to include their people, customs, and or specific issues within the context of LGBT organizations. They are overshadowed by other races and rarely taken into account.
In a survey taken among LGBTQ Asians it was discovered that...
"Nearly every respondent (98 percent) had experienced at least one form of discrimination and/or harassment in their lives.
Nearly all respondents (89 percent) agreed that homophobia and/or transphobia are problems within the broader API community.
78 percent of respondents agreed that API LGBT people experience racism within the predominantly white LGBT community.
Only 50 percent of respondents said that English was their native language. Yet nearly all LGBT informational and advocacy materials are produced in English." (Asian Nation).
Queer Asians are typically caught in a crossroads facing lack of acceptance from the broader heterosexual Asian community, while also struggling for understanding and acknowledgment from within the white dominated queer community.
Westernized Stereotypical Thinking of Asian Sexuality:
Many people perceive Asian women to be soft, delicate, thin, and submissive in nature. They are thought to be sex-objects for the lust of others. To the contrary many Asian men are thought to be devoid of any sexuality, they often go unaccounted for under the false stereotype that Asian men have a smaller penis size. Asian men are either discounted or considered "exotic" and are also objectified. These stereotypes about Asian sex and sexuality play into both the straight and gay communities and are wrong and serve as a misrepresentation of the wide spectrum of people who are Asian.
Offensive Terminology:
Rice Queen - A term for older white gay men attracted to Asians, assumed to be desperate and fetishizing Asians.
Potato Queen - Gay Asian men who date older rich white males.
Sticky Rice - Two Asians who are a couple, they are stereotyped as being obsessed with all things Asian and only sticking with one another.
Panda Hugger - A gay male who prefers Asian men.
The Asian Asexual Dilemna:
Eastern cultures tend to be very quiet about sexuality in general which creates a problem for all sexual minorities. In particular within Asian families is a strong sense of family structure and desire to carry on the legacy of the family. An Asian who is asexual likely faces more challenges if they choose either not to reproduce or to settle down with a partner altogether. There is even a joking yet offensive facebook group called Asians Against Asexuality.
The Transgender/Intersex Asian Experience:
The Eastern world has a long history of embracing transgender behavior as well as people who have ambigious genitalia, and many cultures regard trans people and intersex people as "third gendered" and they hold their place in society. In recent decades with Western ideology influencing Asian nations, there has been increased discrimination and misunderstanding directed towards trans people. Places like Thailand are considered the transsexual haven of the world, but even there recently a battle was waged to overturn a blood ban on queer men.
While it is quite possible that transgender and intersex identity is more prevalent within the Asian world, this group goes unaccounted for and has very little research and/or resources available as they pertain to trans Asians.
LGBTQ Asian Links:
API Equality
Transgender Asia Research Centre
Queer Asian Pacific-Islander Alliance
Asian Pacific AIDS Intervention Team
Utopia ASIA
Asian and Pacific Islander Family Pride
National Queer Asian Pacific Alliance
Queer Asian Resources
Queer Asian Videos
Air Raid. Run and shoot. Basketball on grass. This generation of offensive innovation has turned football loose, with passing offenses now the preferred methodology for eating up yardage and scoring points. While there will always be ground-based attacks, many of the most successful offenses are set up by throwing the football, spreading the defense out with the threat of a quarterback challenging the defense with a one of the basic elements of today's football: The forward pass.
The game can thank former Irish coach Knute Rockne for that. That's because one-hundred years ago tomorrow, with Rockne captaining and basically co-coaching a team led by Jesse Harper, a roster of 18 left South Bend via train and took down an Army team using the forward pass as an offensive weapon, not just a last-ditch effort.
Undermanned and physically inferior, the passing game shocked Army, with Rockne and quarterback Gus Dorais shocking the Cadets 35-13. Rockne biographer Jim Lefebrve takes us back to the seminal moment in football, giving us this excerpt from his book Coach For A Nation.
Over the next few years, rules and strategies changed, and gradually more colleges played an “open game.” One element of change, the forward pass, was attempted by a handful of schools, most notably by Coach Eddie Cochems at St. Louis University in 1906. But passing, by rule, was a risky proposition, and seen more as a desperation move than a means of consistently advancing the football. Until that November day on the Plain of West Point. Rockne and his pal, senior Notre Dame quarterback Charles “Gus” Dorais, operated as coaches on the field for Irish boss Jesse Harper. And when Dorais declared, “Let's open it up,” his teammates were ready. The 5-foot-7, 150-pound Dorais began flinging a series of passes, increasingly longer, to receivers running defined pass routes. When he let loose a spiral that followed a long arc into the arms of a racing Rockne, who finished the 45-yard-play in the Army end zone, the crowd—yes, the crowd at West Point—roared. “Everybody seemed astonished,” Rockne would later write. “There had been no hurdling, no tackling, no plunging, no crushing of fiber and sinew. Just a long-distance touchdown by rapid transit.” Dorais and Rockne, who had practiced their pitch-and-catch routine on the Lake Erie beach while working at Cedar Point resort in Ohio that summer, led Notre Dame to a shocking 35-13 upset of the Army. Notre Dame, and college football, would never look back.
The tradition of Notre Dame was built from moments like these, as Rockne, one of the game's first stars and one of its pioneering innovators spread his system across the country.
His changes were hardly limited to Xs and Os. As Lefebvre recounts, Rockne helped bring into play home-and-away colors for jerseys, numbers on uniforms, loud speakers in stadiums and game programs, a large factor in the game's spreading popularity after it was nearly shut down by the government for its danger.
So tomorrow, as you're stashing away the last of your Halloween candy, be sure to tip your cap to Rockne and that 1913 Notre Dame team. Offensive innovators everywhere should thank him.
Special thanks to Jim Lefebvre for sharing his work with us. To purchase Jim's biography, please head to his website CoachForaNation.com.
WORLD SERIES OF POKER MAIN EVENT TO AIR LIVE DAILY FOR FIRST TIME
ESPN, ESPN2 & POKERGO ON THE SCENE AT RIO IN LAS VEGAS JULY 8-17
FINAL TABLE LIVE ON ESPN/ESPN2 JULY 20-22
July 5, 2017 – For the first time in the 48-year history of the World Series of Poker® there will be live* video coverage of the world's richest annual poker tournament every day. (*30-minute delay per gaming regulations)
Starting with the opening flight on Saturday, July 8, and continuing daily through the event's conclusion on Saturday, July 22, ESPN, ESPN2 and PokerGO will provide the most comprehensive video account the event has ever seen, as players vie for a first place prize of around $8 million, while competing for approximately $60 million in prize money.
ESPN/ESPN2 will carry an estimated 40+ hours of live WSOP Main Event coverage this year starting with four hours of opening day action on July 8 as well as providing every-hand coverage of the final table during a three-night primetime finale at 9pm ET July 20, 21 and 22. A final table preview special will air the night prior to the Main Event final table, on July 19 at 10pm on ESPN2.
PokerGO, the world's only live poker subscription service, will cover the WSOP Main Event in tandem with ESPN/ESPN2 to provide an anticipated 60 hours of additional coverage.
“This is poker's Olympics and we are thrilled that ESPN and PokerGO have joined forces to bring viewers around the globe inside access to our game's most prestigious event, the WSOP Main Event and the spectacle that it is,” said WSOP Executive Director Ty Stewart. “We can't wait to get started on July 8 and look forward to sharing this event with a massive audience.”
Norman Chad, Lon McEachern and Kara Scott anchor all the coverage from the Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas, and will be joined by a rotating cast of player analysts throughout poker's longest-structured event.
The planned schedule of WSOP live coverage on ESPN/ESPN2/PokerGO will look as follows (all times ET):
July 8 July 9 July 10 July 11 July 12 July 13 July 14 Day 1A Day 1B Day 1C Day 2A/B Day 2C Day 3 Day 4 PokerGO ESPN2 PokerGO PokerGO PokerGO PokerGO PokerGO 2pm-4pm 2pm-6pm 2:30pm-9:15pm 2:30pm-7:30pm 3:30pm-8pm 2:30pm-9:15pm 2:30pm-8pm ESPN2 PokerGO ESPN ESPN ESPN2 4pm-8pm 6pm-9:15pm 7:30pm-11pm 8pm-10pm 8pm-11pm PokerGO PokerGO PokerGO 8pm-9:15pm 11pm-11:30pm 11pm-11:30pm
July 15 July 16 July 17 July 18-19 July 20 July 21 July 22 Day 5 Day 6 Day 7 Off Days Day 8 Day 9 Day 10 ESPN2 ESPN2 PokerGO ESPN2 ESPN ESPN 2pm-4pm 2pm-6pm 2:30pm-7pm July 19 9pm-TBD 9pm-TBD 9pm-TBD PokerGO PokerGO ESPN2 ESPN2 9 players to 6 6 players to 3 Play to winner 4pm-9:15pm 6pm-3am 7pm-9pm Final Table PokerGO Preview Show 10:45pm-3am 10pm-11pm
Additionally, ESPN will air original packaged shows starting in September, bringing the total of hours shown on the network to 130 hours annually—live and taped. The edited shows will take the best live action of the 2017 WSOP Main Event combined with additional unaired footage to tell the full and complete story of how the eventual champion was crowned.
PokerGO, the ultimate source for live poker programming, is the exclusive provider of the 2017 WSOP gold bracelet event final table archives now available for streaming on demand, and will also provide WSOP Main Event live coverage on demand within 24-hours after their initial airing.
The WSOP Main Event, originally featuring seven participants in 1970, has grown exponentially and in 2016 featured 6,737 entrants, each paying the $10,000 entry fee and competing for more than $60 million in prize money doled out to the top 15 percent of finishers. Recreational player Qui Nguyen won the event, pocketing $8,005,310, the richest trophy in all sports, the $500,000 diamond-encrusted champion's bracelet and the title of world champion of poker.
Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama lamented a "vulgar and divisive" presidential campaign Tuesday, saying that GOP presidential candidates were setting bad examples for children and tarnishing the United States' reputation abroad.
"In America, there is no law that says we have to be nice to each other, or courteous, or treat each other with respect. But there are norms. There are customs. There are values that our parents taught us and that we try to teach to our children to try to treat others the way we want to be treated," Obama said during a St. Patrick's Day luncheon on Capitol Hill.
Making a barely veiled reference to the rallies of GOP front-runner Donald Trump, Obama described campaign rally scenarios that pit protesters against supporters that has led to "actual violence."
"The longer that we allow the political rhetoric of late to continue, and the longer that we tacitly accept it, we create a permission structure that allows the animosity in one corner of our politics to infect our broader society, and animosity breeds animosity," Obama said.
Trump denies violence
Trump said Monday "there's no violence, nobody's been hurt" at his rallies, which have had a number of high-profile incidents of violence in the past week.
"First of all let's not even use the word violence, there's very little disruption generally speaking. It's a function of the press, the press likes to say what the press likes to say," Trump told CNN's Wolf Blitzer Monday.
"If one person gets up and starts shouting and the police walks that person out, they try and make it like it's a violent thing. It's not violent. It's a protester that stands up or probably a disruptor, because I think they're sent there by people on the other side," he said.
Trump added: "But there's no violence, nobody's been hurt."
JUST WATCHED Steps taken to stop protests at Donald Trump's rally Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Steps taken to stop protests at Donald Trump's rally 03:24
However, Trump repeated Monday that he does not condone violence at his events.
"No, I don't like that. And we don't condone that, Wolf. And I've said that numerous times," Trump said, when asked about the North Carolina supporter who punched the protester.
Obama: GOP should step up
The President was speaking to a bipartisan group of lawmakers, including House Speaker Paul Ryan, who Obama praised for decrying the increasingly bitter campaign trail rhetoric. But the President said more Republicans need to speak out against the language employed by candidates like Trump.
JUST WATCHED Official: Blue-collar Democrats flocking to Trump Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Official: Blue-collar Democrats flocking to Trump 02:31
"We've heard silence from too many of our leaders," Obama said. "Too often, we've accepted this as the new normal. It's worth asking ourselves what each of us may have done to contribute to this kind of vicious atmosphere in our politics."
He said continued use of language that singles out minorities or immigrants could damage America's standing.
"This is also about the American brand. Who are we? How are we perceived around the world?" he said. "The world pays attention to what we say and what we do."
"We can condone this race to the bottom or accept it as the way things are and sink further, or we can roundly reject this kind of behavior if we see it in the other party, or more importantly when we see it in our own party, and set a better example for our children to follow," he said.
RNC officials react
Sean Spicier, communications director for the Republican National Committee, said he agrees with RNC Chairman Reince Priebus that the candidates should all be "talking in a more positive tone."
"We would all like our candidates talking in a more positive tone, more welcoming tone to bring people into our party," he told CNN's Blitzer on Tuesday.
But he added that Obama should be more worried about his own party's politics.
"There's a lot of concern with whether Hillary Clinton's going to be indicted, some of the problems they have here, the momentum that Bernie Sanders has in terms of overtaking her," Spicier said. "I think if the President's concerned, he should keep it to his own party."
Obama praises Ryan
Addressing Ryan, Obama said they had plenty of policy differences, but "I don't have a bad word to say about you as a man."
"We can have political debates without turning on one another, we can disagree without assuming it's motivated by malice," he said. "There are those here who have fought long and hard to create peace in Northern Ireland, and understand what happens when we start going into these dark places, and the damage that can be done and how long it can take to unwind."
"I reject any effort to spread fear or encourage violence or to shut people down when they're trying to speak, or turn Americans against one another," he concluded. "And I think as a citizen who will still be leading this office I will not support somebody who practices that kind of politics."
Malcolm Johnson, Corey Thompson
Mississippi State tight end Malcolm Johnson (6) has a pass knocked away by LSU safety Corey Thompson in the first half of their NCAA college football game in Starkville, Miss., Saturday, Oct. 5, 2013. (AP Photo/Rogelio V. Solis)
NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune learned Wednesday that senior LSU linebacker Corey Thompson suffered a leg injury on Wednesday, which was confirmed by a source in the program.
The 6-foot-2, 222-pounder moved to linebacker in the spring to add depth to a thin linebacker corps, after playing as a safety throughout his career at LSU. Early indications are that it may be a broken fibula, which could require surgery, and would likely take 6-8 weeks to recover.
Thompson's injury is the latest of a run of injuries in the defensive front seven, following the injuries to defensive tackle Christian LaCouture and jack linebacker Isaiah Washington on Monday. Thompson's role for the 2016 had yet to be determined, but he was likely to serve as a backup at middle linebacker, an extremely thin position on the LSU defense.
Thompson was redshirted in 2014 due to a knee injury, so gaining another year of eligibility would be at the NCAA's discretion. But the collegiate athletics governing body has sided favorably with players in the past who suffered a season-ending injury prior to the start of the year.
Thompson has played in 32 games during his three years at LSU, starting five games in 2013 and three games in 2015, according to LSU's site.
Willows, also called sallows and osiers, form the genus Salix, around 400 species[2] of deciduous trees and shrubs, found primarily on moist soils in cold and temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere. Most species are known as willow, but some narrow-leaved shrub species are called osier, and some broader-leaved species are referred to as sallow (from Old English sealh, related to the Latin word salix, willow). Some willows (particularly arctic and alpine species) are low-growing or creeping shrubs; for example, the dwarf willow (Salix herbacea) rarely exceeds 6 cm (2.4 in) in height, though it spreads widely across the ground.
Description [ edit ]
At the base of the petiole a pair of stipules form. These may fall in spring, or last for much of the summer or even for more than one year ( marcescence ).
Willows all have abundant watery bark sap, which is heavily charged with salicylic acid, soft, usually pliant, tough wood, slender branches, and large, fibrous, often stoloniferous roots. The roots are remarkable for their toughness, size, and tenacity to live, and roots readily sprout from aerial parts of the plant[3].
The leaves are typically elongated, but may also be round to oval, frequently with serrated edges. Most species are deciduous; semievergreen willows with coriaceous leaves are rare, e.g. Salix micans and S. australior in the eastern Mediterranean. All the buds are lateral; no absolutely terminal bud is ever formed. The buds are covered by a single scale. Usually, the bud scale is fused into a cap-like shape, but in some species it wraps around and the edges overlap.[4] The leaves are simple, feather-veined, and typically linear-lanceolate. Usually they are serrate, rounded at base, acute or acuminate. The leaf petioles are short, the stipules often very conspicuous, resembling tiny, round leaves, and sometimes remaining for half the summer. On some species, however, they are small, inconspicuous, and caducous (soon falling). In color, the leaves show a great variety of greens, ranging from yellowish to bluish color.
Flowers [ edit ]
Willows are dioecious, with male and female flowers appearing as catkins on separate plants; the catkins are produced early in the spring, often before the leaves.
The staminate (male) flowers are without either calyx with corolla; they consist simply of stamens, varying in number from two to 10, accompanied by a nectariferous gland and inserted on the base of a scale which is itself borne on the rachis of a drooping raceme called a catkin, or ament. This scale is square, entire, and very hairy. The anthers are rose-colored in the bud, but orange or purple after the flower opens; they are two-celled and the cells open latitudinally. The filaments are threadlike, usually pale brown, and often bald.
The pistillate (female) flowers are also without calyx or corolla, and consist of a single ovary accompanied by a small, flat nectar gland and inserted on the base of a scale which is likewise borne on the rachis of a catkin. The ovary is one-celled, the style two-lobed, and the ovules numerous.
Cultivation [ edit ]
Almost all willows take root very readily from cuttings or where broken branches lie on the ground. The few exceptions include the goat willow (Salix caprea) and peachleaf willow (Salix amygdaloides). One famous example of such growth from cuttings involves the poet Alexander Pope, who begged a twig from a parcel tied with twigs sent from Spain to Lady Suffolk. This twig was planted and thrived, and legend has it that all of England's weeping willows are descended from this first one.[5][6]
Willows are often planted on the borders of streams so their interlacing roots may protect the bank against the action of the water. Frequently, the roots are much larger than the stem which grows from them.
Willows have a wide natural distribution from the tropics to the arctic zones and are extensively cultivated around the world.[7]
Hybrids and Cultivars [ edit ]
A weeping willow, an example of a hybrid between two types of willow
Willows are very cross-compatible, and numerous hybrids occur, both naturally and in cultivation. A well-known ornamental example is the weeping willow (Salix × sepulcralis), which is a hybrid of Peking willow (Salix babylonica) from China and white willow (Salix alba) from Europe.
The hybrid cultivar 'Boydii' has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.[8]
Numerous cultivars of Salix L. have been developed and named over the centuries. New selections of cultivars with superior technical and ornamental characteristics have been chosen deliberately and applied to various purposes. Most recently, Salix has become an important source for bioenergy production and for various ecosystem services.
The first edition of the Checklist for Cultivars of Salix L. (willow) was compiled in 2015, which includes 854 cultivar epithets with accompanying information.
The International Poplar Commission of the FAO UN holds the International Cultivar Registration Authority (ICRAs) for the genus Salix (willows). The ICRA for Salix produces and maintains The International Register of Cultivars of Salix L. (willow).
Ecological issues [ edit ]
Knotted willow and woodpile in the Bourgoyen-Ossemeersen Ghent , Belgium
Willows are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species, such as the mourning cloak butterfly.[9] Ants, such as wood ants, are common on willows inhabited by aphids, coming to collect aphid honeydew, as sometimes do wasps.
A small number of willow species were widely planted in Australia, notably as erosion-control measures along watercourses. They are now regarded as invasive weeds which occupy extensive areas across southern Australia and are considered 'Weeds of National Significance'. Many catchment management authorities are removing and replacing them with native trees.[10][11]
Substantial research undertaken from 2006 has identified that willows often inhabit an unoccupied niche when they spread across the bed of shallow creeks and streams and if removed, there is a potential water saving of up to 500 ML/per year per hectare of willow canopy area, depending on willow species and climate zone. This water could benefit the environment or provision of local water resources, especially during dry periods.[12][13][14] To aid management of willows, a remote sensing method has been developed to accurately map willow area along and in streams across southern Australia.[15]
Willow roots spread widely and are very aggressive in seeking out moisture; for this reason, they can become problematic when planted in residential areas, where the roots are notorious for clogging French drains, drainage systems, weeping tiles, septic systems, storm drains, and sewer systems, particularly older, tile, concrete, or ceramic pipes. Newer, PVC sewer pipes are much less leaky at the joints, and are therefore less susceptible to problems from willow roots; the same is true of water supply piping.[16][17]
Pests and diseases [ edit ]
Willow species are hosts to more than a hundred aphid species, belonging to Chaitophorus and other genera,[18] forming large colonies to feed on plant juices, on the underside of leaves in particular.[19] Corythucha elegans, the willow lace bug, is a bug species in the family Tingidae found on willows in North America.
Rust, caused by fungi of genus Melampsora, is known to damage leaves of willows, covering them with orange spots.[20]
Uses [ edit ]
Medicinal [ edit ]
The leaves and bark of the willow tree have been mentioned in ancient texts from Assyria, Sumer and Egypt[21] as a remedy for aches and fever,[22] and in Ancient Greece the physician Hippocrates wrote about its medicinal properties in the fifth century BC. Native Americans across the Americas relied on it as a staple of their medical treatments. It provides temporary pain relief. Salicin is metabolized into salicylic acid in the human body, and is a precursor of aspirin.[23] In 1763, its medicinal properties were observed by the Reverend Edward Stone in England. He notified the Royal Society, which published his findings. The active extract of the bark, called salicin, was isolated to its crystalline form in 1828 by Henri Leroux, a French pharmacist, and Raffaele Piria, an Italian chemist, who then succeeded in separating out the compound in its pure state. In 1897, Felix Hoffmann created a synthetically altered version of salicin (in his case derived from the Spiraea plant), which caused less digestive upset than pure salicylic acid. The new drug, formally acetylsalicylic acid, was named Aspirin by Hoffmann's employer Bayer AG. This gave rise to the hugely important class of drugs known as nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs).
Manufacturing [ edit ]
Some of the humans' earliest manufactured items may have been made from willow. A fishing net made from willow dates back to 8300 BC.[24] Basic crafts, such as baskets, fish traps, wattle fences and wattle and daub house walls, were often woven from osiers or withies (rod-like willow shoots, often grown in coppices). One of the forms of Welsh coracle boat traditionally uses willow in the framework. Thin or split willow rods can be woven into wicker, which also has a long history. The relatively pliable willow is less likely to split while being woven than many other woods, and can be bent around sharp corners in basketry. Willow wood is also used in the manufacture of boxes, brooms, cricket bats, cradle boards, chairmans and other furniture, dolls, flutes, poles, sweat lodges, toys, turnery, tool handles, veneer, wands and whistles. In addition, tannin, fibre, paper, rope and string can be produced from the wood. Willow is also used in the manufacture of double basses for backs, sides and linings, and in making splines and blocks for bass repair.
Other [ edit ]
Salix cinerea with bee Male catkin ofwith bee
Willow tree in spring, England
Environmental art installation " Sandworm " in the Wenduine Dunes, Belgium, made entirely out of willow
Culture [ edit ]
The willow is one of the four species associated with the Jewish festival of Sukkot. Willow branches are also used during the synagogue service on Hoshana Rabbah, the seventh day of Sukkot.
In China, some people carry willow branches with them on the day of their Tomb Sweeping or Qingming Festival. Willow branches are also put up on gates and/or front doors, which they believe help ward off the evil spirits that wander on Qingming. Legend states that on Qingming Festival, the ruler of the underworld allows the spirits of the dead to return to earth. Since their presence may not always be welcome, willow branches keep them away.[35] In traditional pictures of the Goddess of Mercy Guanyin, she is often shown seated on a rock with a willow branch in a vase of water at her side. The Goddess employs this mysterious water and the branch for putting demons to flight. Taoist witches also use a small carving made from willow wood for communicating with the spirits of the dead. The image is sent to the nether world, where the disembodied spirit is deemed to enter it, and give the desired information to surviving relatives on its return.[36] The willow is a famous subject in many East Asian nations' cultures, particularly in pen and ink paintings from China and Japan.
A gisaeng (Korean geisha) named Hongrang, who lived in the middle of the Joseon Dynasty, wrote the poem "By the willow in the rain in the evening", which she gave to her parting lover (Choi Gyeong-chang).[37] Hongrang wrote:
"...I will be the willow on your bedside."
In Japanese tradition, the willow is associated with ghosts. It is popularly supposed that a ghost will appear where a willow grows. Willow trees are also quite prevalent in folklore and myths.[38][39]
In English folklore, a willow tree is believed to be quite sinister, capable of uprooting itself and stalking travellers. The Viminal Hill, one of the Seven Hills of Rome, derives its name from the Latin word for osier, viminia (pl.).
Hans Christian Andersen wrote a story called "Under the Willow Tree" (1853) in which children ask questions of a tree they call "willow-father", paired with another entity called "elder-mother".[40]
"Green Willow" is a Japanese ghost story in which a young samurai falls in love with a woman called Green Willow who has a close spiritual connection with a willow tree.[41] "The Willow Wife" is another, not dissimilar tale.[42] "Wisdom of the Willow Tree" is an Osage Nation story in which a young man seeks answers from a willow tree, addressing the tree in conversation as 'Grandfather'.[43]
The Whomping Willow is featured throughout the Harry Potter series, most notably as a guardian for a backdoor entrance to the Shrieking Shack. This is especially important in the third and seventh installments of the series, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows respectively.
In Central Europe a "hollow willow" is a common figure of speech, alluding to a person one can confide secrets in. The metaphor was used e.g. in the poem Král Lávra (King Lear) by Czech poet Karel Havlíček Borovský (1854).
Willow is considered the national tree of Ukraine.
Selected species [ edit ]
The genus Salix is made up of around 400 species[2] of deciduous trees and shrubs:
See also [ edit ]
The recent name changes for well-known and economically important willows (Salix L.)[1]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
International Register of Cultivars of Salix L. (willow)
Global Cultivation of Willows:
Last week, a young female barrister was called a ‘feminazi' after complaining about a sexist message sent via LinkedIn. How did this clunky bit of wordplay become so widespread – and could it ever be reclaimed?
There is nothing new about the term “feminazi”; there is something very new in what it can do. It originated in the 90s, with the shock-jock Rush Limbaugh (though he claimed it came from an academic, Thomas Hazlett) using it to describe, in his improbable phrasing, “a feminist to whom the most important thing in life is ensuring that as many abortions as possible occur”. It didn't really catch on in the noughties, this being an unobservable category. More broadly, the word was meant to indicate women who shut down their opponents with authoritarian orthodoxies, against which ramparts an ordinary interlocutor had no hope. And, more recently, this is how it has surfaced, a word around which people – Men's Rights Activists (or MRAs) – can mobilise when they feel that a feminist has gone too far. Typically, this mobilisation would happen on social media, but that it is gaining traction in the mainstream media is illustrated this week by the case of our designated lady-neo-fascist, Charlotte Proudman.
The barrister objected to the fact that a senior lawyer had sent her a sexist message on LinkedIn. (As is so often the case with a story that begins with social media, lesson one is that, whatever you think of the people on Twitter, they are not as bad as the people on LinkedIn). “I appreciate that this is probably horrendously politically incorrect,” wrote Alexander Carter-Silk, somewhat undermining his subsequent defence that he was merely commenting on the photographic quality of the image, “but that is a stunning picture.”
Barrister at centre of sexism storm 'overwhelmed' by support Read more
Some felt that Proudman acted too strongly, not in objecting in the first place, but in publicly shaming Carter-Silk, disseminating a screenshot giving his full name. The Daily Mail went in for the kill, calling her a “‘feminazi' barrister”. “It would be funny if it wasn't so aggressive,” says Laura Bates, of Everyday Sexism. “The press have dug out her late father's estate. They've dug up stuff about her dead grandmother. They've dug up a conversation she had with a friend on Facebook. It's actually breathtaking, that they do all that while maintaining that the really disgraceful thing is public shaming, which these high-achieving men have suffered, that it's disproportionate and unfair.”
Once you are a known feminazi, there is no limit to the amount of opprobrium that will come your way. “It was designed to be scary, pour encourager les autres,” says Helen Lewis, deputy editor of the New Statesman, and periodically a feminazi herself (as decreed by Twitter).
Feminazi is not in itself a hurtful word, since it conveys, above all, the traits of its user, which mainly cluster around a lack of intellectual sophistication. “Obviously,” says Lewis, “the idea of conflating a liberation movement with Nazism is just deeply ignorant. It's self-undermining, because it's so over the top.”
Laura Bates concurs: “It's a desperate attempt to demonise us, and it's frustrating, because if it wasn't such an offensive word, you could actually start to embrace it and own it.” And yet, of course, because the insult isn't just to feminists, but also to the victims of totalitarianism past and present, it's not something feminism can simply decide to own.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Laura Bates: ‘It's a desperate attempt to demonise us.' Photograph: Graeme Robertson for the Guardian
It also has the tang of that self-congratulating “clever” wordplay (Tony B.Liar, Camoron, Nu Liebore, ConDemNation, Nobama) that doesn't work and isn't playful, with a tin ear for the fact that jokes with language have to be undertaken at blood temperature, otherwise they're not funny (this isn't true of all humour. Other jokes can be rigid and cold, and are better for it; just not punning).
Naturally, there is texture to the meaning of the word, beyond simply comparing women who love equality to mass murderers. The cultural freight is tacitly but very obviously a certain type of feminist – white, privileged, middle-class, with access herself to the levers of power and influence, who uses her position and the certainties of her ideology to shut people down whom she considers beneath her (the feminazi considers everyone beneath her), ignorant of the hypocrisy of that position (because she's also thick). In this sense, it's a modernised, amped-up version of “professional feminist” or “career feminist”, and it has been used against women who do anything to defend themselves or one another since women appeared in public life (Harriet Harman is the mother of feminazism).
Intellectually, it has a lot in common with arguments against leftwingers – that the holders of any privilege at all, even if it's historical, would not have benefited from the pure equality that they preach, and therefore shouldn't be preaching it. It's a position in which, basically, unless you are Jesus, you should just admit you are fundamentally self-interested and shut up. This has to be said opaquely, because otherwise it would sound shonky, so it is often conveyed by a shorthand or a pejorative made-up word.
But at some level beneath open debate, it does work, and feminists can be tainted by the inference that their love of equality is just a power-grab.
Helen Lewis notes: “Even among relatively progressive men, there's a denial that sexism actually exists. They don't think people who are like them, but female, experience any discrimination at all. They will concede that working-class women might, or that black women might. And, partly, there is a point there – the most privileged group after straight, white middle-class men are straight, white middle-class women.” And yet, of course, if the price of your privilege is that you are not allowed to say anything when someone undermines your professionalism by banging on about your tits, one might question how meaningful that privilege actually is.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest To coin a phrase: shock-jock Rush Limbaugh came up with the term feminazi in the 90s. Photograph: Eric Risberg/AP
What keeps this word going is not the dimension of its meaning, though: it has a plain, mechanical power, which Bates describes. “It's a term that flags something to other attackers. It's very much part of a group attack, like a trolling thing. I would associate the word feminazi with a mass attack, somebody signals to their mates: ‘I'm having a go, here, come and join in.' And then you get bombarded. For me, the worst stuff is when you get really detailed emails from people telling you they're going to rape and kill you. And there's something different again, someone who is abusive and angry, but genuinely wants to have a debate with you about why you're ruining society. This is more about showing off.”
Seasoned feminazis are pretty mellow about the term, and seem pretty mellow, too, about this slow-twitch of the eel's tail, where one minute they are going about their feminist business, and the next minute 150 people are yelling at them on Twitter about how incredibly stupid they are that they can't just accept men are better. But, actually, this resilience is hard-won, and when a non-professional feminist finds herself in a public conversation about feminism, the punishment is enough to put her off permanently.
Before the case of Charlotte Proudman, the most recent furore was that surrounding Tim Hunt, the professor (you will remember) who made the hilarious, witty comments about how women shouldn't be scientists in case they ruined your train of thought by making you want to bang them. He was immediately fired from all kinds of jobs (most of them, in fairness, just honorary posts), after which there was a backlash against the feminazis who had called for such disproportionate punishment. The fact that feminists had not, in the main, called for his dismissal from anything, and the groundswell response was one of light-hearted ridicule, was considered irrelevant.
One female scientist, who doesn't wish to be named, and who made some very mild public comments about Tim Hunt at the time – “I said, it was a joke, it wasn't an appropriate joke. Sexism itself isn't the problem any more, it's unconscious bias” – describes what happens once you have been deemed a feminazi. “Pretty much in a few days, we were terrified. I was shaking with fear. These people [on Twitter] have these terrible avatars, death masks, African tribal masks; they're anonymous; they're really cruel and they're really violent. The beady eye turns towards you and you are inundated with hate.
“It is enough of a deterrent. I have not said one word about Tim Hunt since. It isn't worth it. Life is too short. I used to be quite well known for speaking about women in science. I don't want to do it now, I can't. I don't have the moral fortitude to handle that kind of aggro. I've got a stressful job.”
She adds, in dispassionate terms but clearly still passionately affected: “You can't defend being a woman without getting this level of shit. Other groups are protected somehow. It is absolutely fascinating, the dynamics that make feminism a threatening thing.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Zoe Quinn: the video-game developer found herself in the middle of ‘Gamergate' in January 2015. Photograph: Samuel Kirby
Here the word becomes indivisible from the crowd it can gather, a kind of roaming army to enforce silence on the subject of sexism. There's a huge asymmetry in the emotional effort it takes to drum up these rows and the emotional toll they take.
Feminist campaigner Caroline Criado-Perez says: “Because feminism is experiencing this new wave, more people are talking about it, more women are saying, ‘Yes, I am a feminist.' And with that comes the attempt to shut women up and delegitimise what they are saying. It's not engaging with any of the facts of inequality; it just dismisses women on the basis that we're authoritarian. It's a very anti freedom-of-speech term to use, and it's so often used by men who claim feminists themselves are anti free speech. No one seems to notice that women are routinely silenced. It's a very dishonest engagement.”
Seasoned feminist campaigners tend to stress how unaffected they are by these swarm attacks, that they are habituated and unruffled; women tend to minimise the impact, on the basis that they are thick-skinned, or old enough not to care. But when the beady eye of the feminazi-hunter is upon you, it tends not to be because you are a well-known feminist, with an established feminist profile and the attendant support that would go with that; rather, it is because you are a person with some occupation besides feminism, who dared to say a feminist thing.
The obvious other precursor to Charlotte Proudman is the case of Zoe Quinn, the video-game developer who had to go into hiding for the feminist act of merely being a woman, in an industry whose sensibility turned out to be violently misogynistic. It's salient because there seems to be a collective, unspoken agreement that the way to neutralise feminism as a movement is not to attack its well-defended core, but rather to make the penalty for supporting it too high for anyone with a life outside to even contemplate. “With feminism,” Bates concludes, “there is this sense that it must be everything about every part of you, and that makes every part of you seem like fair game, something that can be attacked.”
That is the core appeal of the word feminazi, for those to whom it appeals: that it obliterates one's other life. Just as one could never be a Nazi and a keen gardener and an Abba fan, so one could never be a feminist, and a barrister and like knitting. If you want a life, live it; and if you want to be a feminist, take your punishment.
A south Fort Worth neighborhood is trying to unravel the mystery of a century old grave marker found at the end of a cul-de-sac on Flint Street near La Gran Plaza. (Published Tuesday, May 8, 2012)
Illegal dump sites are an all too common problem, but the discovery of a grave marker at the end of a cul-de-sac in south Fort Worth is a real head-scratcher.
The tombstone is west of near La Gran Plaza, where Flint Street comes to a dead end.
"This is one tombstone that I didn't expect to find back here," Alonzo Aguilar said.
Aguilar, president of Neighbors Working Together Worth Heights, says a code compliance officer pointed it out to him months ago. Since then, he has been trying to find out where the grave marker that reads "Our Baby Jonnie Merle Jan. 29, 1911 - Dec. 19" belongs.
"It's sad that someone would take it out of a cemetery -- if it was in there -- for a child whose family probably paid quite a bit for this back in 1911," he said.
Someone recently left flowers, but there's no doubt that the tombstone doesn't belong there.
"This is where it ends up, and it needs to end up where it comes from," Aguilar said.
Aguilar has contacted several nearby cemeteries and looked the name up online but has yet to find out where Jonnie Merle is actually buried and how his gravestone ended up along a path between a neighborhood and the plaza.
"So far, I have come up with nothing," Aguilar said.
Unless Aguilar can find the cemetery where Merle is actually buried, the Fort Worth-based Texas Cemeteries Association said it's impossible to know the marker's history.
It's possible the tombstone was stolen from a cemetery. But it could also have a mistake, have been replaced or be a second stone that could have sat in someone's garage or house in remembrance of a family member.
The association said the gravestone is actually not that unusual of a find.
Office manager Sarah Biles said Oakwood Cemetery keeps such stones in the basement of the church in case they can be reunited with their proper burial site. But it's rare for a gravestone to be brought in and it's even rarer to find that stone's home, she said.
"It's a lonely place to be at," Aguilar said of the stone in his neighborhood. "It needs to go back home. It needs to go back home."
Hebrew Rest Cemetery, which is near the location of the stone, and Oakwood both said the grave marker doesn't belong in their cemeteries.
No birth or death records for Jonnie Merle or any Merle could be found after checking the Fort Worth Library, but that is not unusual for that time period.
There's a critical factor that affects America's role in the global refugee crisis that often goes unmentioned: the Atlantic Ocean.
Data compiled by the United Nations' refugee agency allows us to map the distribution of refugees by country. As you might expect, many are centered in the countries that adjoin areas of conflict.
While the United States is home to more refugees than other countries in the Western Hemisphere, the number of refugees who have settled in the United States trails 16 countries. Those include Germany and Russia — large countries that are much more accessible from recent areas of conflict, like Syria.
It's worth comparing those refugee populations with the populations of the countries themselves. The two largest countries are China and India, as you may remember from high school. The United States is the third-largest country in the world, according to estimates from the CIA World Factbook.
Our relatively small population of refugees and our relatively large overall population means that the United States has one of the lower refugee populations as a percentage of our overall population.
There are 69 other countries that have a larger ratio of refugees to their populations.
Which countries? Mostly ones that are able to be reached by land from regions of conflict.
As Canada and Australia make clear, though, that's not always the case.
False Hydra
The ideas and much of the flavor text of this homebrew came from http://goblinpunch.blogspot.com/2014/09/false-hydra.html.
The False Hydra is a beast many don't believe exists. It is only discussed in the pale glow around a campfire or the candlelight at a child's bedside, a story meant to dissuade lying and cheating. But it is very real, and very dangerous.
Some say that they are grown from gods tears that have fallen to earth. Others say they are primordial and as ancient as the gods themselves. Still others believe they are the result of a mad wizard spell gone wrong. But it does not matter, for the effect is the same.
Description
The Hydra has pearl white skin and a large bulbous body with long spindly necks that twist up at impossible angles. Its heads almost resemble a horse but with vaguely human like fears with its white skin stretched tight against its deformed skull. It has neither eyes nor a nose but where its eyes should be lie two black holes, stretching into its skull. Its mouth extends away from the rest of its face with large weathered and cracked teeth, a long dry tongue flicks in and out. Its skin is covered in dirt and muck from when it burrows through the ground searching for its next prey.
Song
While the Hydra sings no one can directly interact or remember it, but that does not mean that it is completely immune to being detected. It can be seen in mirrors and while it can cut through fey ancestry quite easily those with fey lineage have an easier time breaking through its effects with magic. Feline animals can also see through the illusion quite easily.
Even the general population is not completely immune to the song of the Hydra. While the Hydra may suppress the memories they are not erased, such as in modify memory. People may begin to feel a sense of anxiety when there is a disconnect between the message of the song and what they actually see. Eventually their brains will begin to revolt against the song and attempt to warn themselves of the danger they are in.
These spells can see completely or partially through the Hydra's charm, but they don't stop the charm from working after they look away. Some may require a saving throw to work and others may work without one.
Arcane Eye
Detect Evil and Good
Dispel Evil and Good
Foresight
Protection from Evil and Good
See Invisibility
True Seeing
The Hydra must end its song to eat and so puts itself at risk, to minimize the risk it often attacks people who are alone and drags them underground to eat them without risk of being discovered. If the Hydra ever drops below half its HP or takes more than 1/10 its HP in one turn it ends its song and can not start it again until returns to above half its hit points. However, if someone forces the Hydra to stop singing they have advantage on resistancing the effect for for one round.
Eating
The hydar absorbs the basic memories of whatever it eats and as it grows
Aging
The more the Hydra consumes the stronger and larger it becomes, the more heads it grows. Depending on how much it eats and how long it has been alive a different stat block should be used, up to DM discussion. While a young hydra might be a walk in the park an adult hydra strikes fear into even the most seasoned adventures.
Young False Hydra
At this point the hydra has only recently hatched and begun to consume. It may only eat animals such as livestock and stray cats and dogs but it is still dangerous and will eat humanoids too if it gets the chance. It still only has one head and two arms that can emerge from the soil on the same spot, extending around 5ft up into the air. However, even if its body is small its hunger remains enormous.
Adolescent False Hydra
At this point in the hydra's life it is now consuming the general population of whatever town it is in. It may have between 2 and 4 heads that now can stretch out of the soil like eyes on a potato. It has grown more confident and reckless with its powers, consuming people that are more likely to cause problems if they are gone. Any adventures would start to notice strange occurrences throughout the local area
Strange Occurrences
1d6 Occurrence 1 All but one candle is lit in the lampposts on the main street. No one can remember who lights them. 2 The town beggars normal spot is vacant leaving a thin blanket and a had with a few copper pieces in it. 3 Someone seems to run into something no one can see and then absentmindedly walks around it. 4 Bells rang the day before at this time, why not now? 5 Two fighting cats in a back alley way simultaneously start to hiss as something and then run away. 6 A vendors stall or a store lies unattended, people avoid going into it.
The general population would begin to feel a sense of unease as their minds desperately try to break from the hydra's charm. They may act emotionally when confronted with places and objects that were owned or frequented by their lost families, neibors, or friend.
At this point the Hydra would most likely live in the sewers or naturally occurring tunnels beneath the town, it would also start to carve its own series of intricate, maze like tunnels and catacombs for its home. They would most likely have access points in sewers, cellars, or abandoned homes.
Ratings scale with price unless their performance justifies their outrageous price like Bo Jackson:
Strong Buy – Top Recommendation. A game changer or budget beast
Buy
Hold – Try out and see if the card works for you before deciding whether to sell
Sell
Strong Sell – Sell immediately upon pull and don't look back.
95 overall WR Jordy Nelson – Most Missed
Absolutely, no doubt about it beautiful receiving stats across the board. 99 route running with 96 release and 98 catches in traffic? 3rd down converter murderer. His spec catch at 93 seems a little low for what he did for the Packers offense down the field but the card might have been too high of an overall at that point.
Run block at 67 is competitive and his speed of 92 is on the lower end of acceptable. He'll be a very consistent WR for you best slotted in the…slot. Depending on what his price gets down to, I see him being an underrated star that won't make the big flashy play for you but will make it when you need it to keep your drive chugging along.
Rating: Buy
94 Overall LE Cameron Wake – Workout Warrior
Eww. 85 speed and 80 blockshed. Terrible for a LE in a 4-3 or 3-4. Fortunately this guy can be an interior pass rusher for you on 3rd and long. His 98 power move will do very well on the inside. Like I heard vegetables do very well for your insides, not that I'd know. But still, he's too expensive for such a niche roll that others can fill for a fraction of the cost.
Rating: Strong Sell
94 overall FS Tyrann Mathieu
94 speed with 97 acceleration, 97 agility and 94 zone coverage. WOW. But to throw some cold water on our dicks, we must temper ourselves because his play rec is only 87, he's 5'9, his blockshed is 59 and he plays mostly corner IRL. If that play rec was low to mid 90's he'd be a great route jumper. This guy is still going to fly all over the field for you. But he's not great in over the top coverage in cover 2 or 3 like I like to play my FS and he will be spec catched over by bigger WRs like Johnson or Jackson. As a FS, he's best used in an occasional man coverage role but mostly near the line of scrimmage. So you'd want your SS back deep in a cover 3, ideally someone like George Iloka.
But using Tyrann as a speed user player isn't such a bad idea either, I'd just be concerned with his height and low-ish jumping because it limits your ability to go up and get picks. Calvin Johnson and Sean Taylor are still the gold standard for that purpose.
Rating: Hold/sell
93 overall WR Steve Smith – Most Vocal
A 5'9 WR needs to be outstanding in something to be useable. Unfortunately Steve Smith is just outstanding in shit. So wipe your boots off and pick up Amari Cooper while selling Smith. How are you going to use a short receiver with low route running? If he had 97 speed that would be one thing, but 93 just won't beat guys on the streak. He's far too expensive for his bad mix of stats. 72 release means he'll get shoved over in press. His only redeeming attribute is 98 CIT which isn't that rare for WR cards nowadays. Anything this Smith can do, other cards can do better.
Rating: Strong Sell
93 Overall FS Eric Weddle – Best Beard
Intriguing play rec and zone coverage stats at 93 and 92. Really good blockshed and pursuit to help against the run. Unfortunately I don't love his speed at 88 and height at 5'11. His speed especially ruins his card when you compare him to 92 Glover Quin who beats him in just about every important coverage category. The 4 points in speed that Quin has over him is very important as a FS needs to get to the sideline to help against bombs and needs the speed to chase down ball carriers running freely to the end zone. Speed is just too important at the position to get away with something I wouldn't look fondly on if even an LB had it.
Rating: Sell
92 Overall TE Travis Kelce – Best TD Celebrations
This might be my next TE. Not a ton of upgrades over his captain card but still enough of them to make a difference. He's a nice mix of blocking and receiving. Your opponent won't know whether you are running or passing by having him in there disguising your offense like the fog on a London morning.
Still not as potent of a weapon as Hines Ward at TE, Kelce's run block might make up for it if you are in a run first scheme. Having 11 more points in run block will really help seal the edge. Or edge the seal as I do when we're doing it together. Of course if you are more 50/50 run/pass with other very good WRs already, it's hard not to recommend Ward over him at the spot even with Hines costing twice as much. But having both Hines and Kelce on the field on one side at TE and WR will make your opponent have to respect the run while you play action with their heart and hit them deep against the one on one coverage on the other side of the field with your streaking bomb artists Brandon Marshall and OBJ.
Rating: Buy
91 Overall TE Jordan Reed – Best Redzone Target
A TE more slanted to the receiving part of the spectrum over the Kelce above. 88 Speed on a TE is very nice along with the 93 route running. His run block is very low at 66 giving you no reason to run him over a much cheaper 89 overall Michael Floyd who is the same height, much faster, better run block and overall is just a better card than Jordan Reed.
Rating: Sell
91 overall FS Ha Ha Clinton-Dix – Best Field Presence
Plus 1 in just about every attribute over his 89 Thanksgiving version. Except Hit Power, +6 there. I never heard anything remarkable about his Thanksgiving card but this one seems like a very solid FS. 6'1 with 92 speed is very good. Good play rec and zone coverage. Okay man coverage at 80 means he can stick on TEs and RBs fairly well even though corner routes will eat his lunch. 68 blocks shed might be a little low with all the good blocking WRs we're getting now, but try him out for yourself since this card should be cheaper than his rare-ish Thanksgiving version. With the added hit power and all around quality of this card, he could be a solid defender in many different schemes. A Jack of all Trades.
Rating: Hold
90 overall HB DeAngelo Williams – Best Hair (Troy P Tribute of course)
93 speed with 97 acceleration is a solid foundation to build an RB. But like a house in the suburbs with a solid foundation, there isn't the woodwork or marble columns on this thing to make you wow. Everything else is low 90's and having elusiveness over trucking is a problem for me. He's a starter home for a young professional. A solid back to hang your hat on and call home until you get the killer job with the high salary to really upgrade to something in the nice part of town.
Rating: Sell
90 Overall WR Victor Cruz – Best Dressed
Seeing the stats on this card I can only imagine my reaction is the same as the girls who saw me in high school. Ironic that the best dressed winner is the ugliest of all cards stats wise. Too expensive to redeem itself as a budget player.
Rating: Strong sell
90 Overall MLB Deone Bucannon – Most Changed
I figured Caitlyn Jenner would win this award too but luckily for us MUT players Deone won it. But my god, the play rec and speed combo on this thing means he'll be all over the place for you. Like Han in the Millennium Falcon, he'll always be in the right place at the right time. Great user but can also be left to his own devices in coverage. His man coverage is shit at 70 but his speed will help him on long drags like RuPaul. Blockshedding and pursuit is a little low for a traditional run stuffer but far more runs this year test the outside than the inside so his speed will help stop the run more than his blockshed. He won't need to shed blocks that don't touch him. I wish his jump was a little better and he's only 6'1 but those are minor concerns for what this card brings you. The standout stud from this promotional group of cards.
Rating: STRONG BUY
89 overall WR Jarvis Landry – Best Hands
I'm not exactly sure what 100 catching does as the only time my WRs are catching the rock is when the spec catch comes into play or the catch in traffic does. But Jarvis has okay other stats. 90 speed is low for this time of year and 92 route running won't get you separation as the DBs will stick on him like a fallen tree branch. His low after the catch stats like juke and elusiveness means he won't be great for catching a ball short and picking up the first on his own. But his price might fall through like my business ventures so he could be worth it if he's like 10k. I don't see it getting there any time soon though.
Rating: Strong Sell
89 Overall ROLB Jared Allen – Best Personality
I sure hope he has good personality because this is an ugly card. A 3-4 pass rusher due to his terrible zone coverage. Has great play rec and power moves but his low speed will have him beat to the sidelines by both RBs and scrambling QBs. And 83 blockshed means he's not a factor in the run game either.
Rating: Strong Sell
89 Overall CB Desmond Trufant – Mr. Invisible
Like I said above, 92 speed is on the low end of acceptable for this time in MUT. But he'll be a great man corner as long as he isn't against the Tavon Austin types. 95 man with 96 agility means he'll go pee with a lot of WRs. 93 zones and 85 play rec is low but not horrendous. Especially for his price. 6'0 isn't bad but 54 blockshed is. Not someone you want at the nickel or Dime. Depending on your coins, this could be a real good mid-tier corner for you.
I had it pointed out to me by fixyourgameEA on the muthead forums that Trufant's lack of press is a hindrance to his man coverage. I didn't make that point but I should have. Be wary when pressing with this card.
Rating: Buy
88 Overall LT Terron Armstead – Best Protector
This card is worse than his 83 in a bunch of categories. His upgrades came in Strength, Awareness and pass block. His run block and pass block are 90 and 93. Solid stats for his price. But are they enough to upgrade you from his 83 card? Value-wise, no. Overall this is still a pretty good card, it just isn't a great upgrade like we had hoped from his 83 card. But best protector needed better pass block and since it's only about 5 categories that make up an o-linemen's overall, what can we expect when they upgrade 3 of them? (obviously to not downgrade the others gutfoxx)
Rating: Buy – His price is pretty low
88 Overall CB Byron Jones – Best hops
I was hoping this would go to my friend farmer John as his hops are the best. Sells them to brewery's all over the place. But Farmer John's field is not a football one so we'll settle with Byron. 92 speed along with his 100 jump which was rightly deserved because he set the combine record for broad jump.
More athlete than corner, Byron is an interesting case study on what can be done with high physical stats. His coverage stats limit his card but if one of you trys him, let me know how he plays. I just wish the speed was a little higher so we can have a metaphorical “combine hero” before the actual sets come out this year.
Rating: Hold and let me know how he plays
88 Overall La'el Collins – Best Pancakes
He's cheap like I like my dates. I don't spring for the expensive fruits. He's got great impact block and run block. But how is he going to use that impact block when he can't find anyone with his low awareness? So don't run plays with a pulling guard if he's there because he's more likely to Forrest Gump his way through the tunnel than find an opponent to block. His run block is high enough that he'll be killer on inside zones but his pass block is too low. He's too one dimensional for me but his redeeming value is inside zones so he isn't worthless.
Rating: Sell unless your scheme is inside zone and straight ahead runs.
88 Overall WR Dorial Green-Beckham
This card is a BEAST. 6'5 with 96 spec catches going for mid-20k coins? Great combo of speed, CIT and run block. This is an amazing budget beast on a similar level with Amari Cooper. Get this card ASAP.
Rating: STRONG BUY
86 Overall QB Matt Hasselbeck – Most likely to become a coach
New Elite exchange player! Or CPU QB in player lock challenges with his 100 awareness.
Rating: Strong Exchange
85 Overall Drew Stanton – Best Team Spirit
Another great elite exchange player. But other than that I think his lack of throw power and mobility hurts his otherwise decent accuracy stats. Although he's got high acceleration which plays a big part in escaping the pocket so that doesn't hurt. Overall he's solid as a pocket passer on a budget. You can definitely do worse. But for just 11k or so you can get 90 Winston with his 98 throw power and chuck long bombs to DGB all day.
Rating: Sell or Exchange
That's it, let me know what you guys think on some of these guys in the comments.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Conservatives are all about “freedom of speech”, that is, until a dissenter tries to use it and then it's all moral outrage wrapped in a flag.
This brings us to George Takei and the moment when he got so mad after Justice Clarence Thomas said slaves had “dignity” that he likened the sitting justice toF being a clown in blackface.
“He is a clown in blackface sitting on the Supreme Court. He gets me that angry.”
Watch his interview with Fox 10 earlier this week in Phoenix below:
George Takei's take on Clarence Thomas STRONG WORDS: “A clown in blackface” and “a disgrace to America” — Gay activist George Takei's take on Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas after Same-Sex Marriage ruling.In his dissent Justice Thomas wrote: "Slaves did not lose their dignity (any more than they lost their humanity) because the government allowed them to be enslaved. Those held in internment camps did not lose their dignity because the government confined them."READ MORE: http://www.fox10phoenix.com/story/29447447/2015/06/30/george-and-brad-takei-speak-out-about-gay-rights-marriage Posted by FOX 10 Phoenix on Tuesday, June 30, 2015
“We are overjoyed, we are proud, and we feel fully American,” George Takei said at the start of the interview, referring to the Supreme Court's ruling that made same-sex marriage legal nationally. Takei was joined in the interview by his husband Brad.
And then, after explaining his decision to be more politically active, Takei said, “He is a clown in blackface sitting on the Supreme Court. He gets me that angry… He doesn't belong there. For him to say slaves had dignity. I mean, doesn't he know slaves were chained? That they were whipped on the back? If he saw the movie 12 Years as a Slave, they were raped, and he says they had dignity as slaves?”
Takei was referring to what Justice Thomas wrote in his dissenting opinion after the Supreme Court legalized marriage equality last week:
That vision is the foundation upon which this Nation was built. The corollary of that principle is that human dignity cannot be taken away by the government. Slaves did not lose their dignity (any more than they lost their humanity) because the government allowed them to be enslaved. Those held in internment camps did not lose their dignity because the government confined them. And those denied governmental benefits certainly do not lose their dignity because the government denies them those benefits. The government cannot bestow dignity, and it cannot take it away.
Well. There you go. It's dignified to be killed after being kidnapped from your home country, torn away from your family and loved ones, put to work as a slave, raped, whipped in public, unable to own property — this is just as dignified as say, internment camps, which are also apparently okay, and this is why it's okay for Justice Thomas to stand against liberty for all. You see? It was okay in internment camps and for slaves, so it's okay for gays. I mean, this totally works as an argument. This is totally sane.
Except that George Takei was in a Japanese-American internment camp as a young boy and thus his notion of the government not being able to take away dignity is tarnished by reality.
“My parents lost everything that they worked for in the middle of their lives in their thirties. My father's business, our home, our freedom. And we're supposed to call that dignified?” Takei asked.
“This man does not belong on the Supreme Court. He is an embarrassment. He is a disgrace to America. I'll say it on camera,” Takei declared, speaking for most of America.
Naturally, conservatives would rather focus on this phrase than on the truth behind it, as they are outraged that a liberal is allowed to say things a conservative can't. Not sure where they've been, but they've been calling the first black President a Muslim Nazi terrorist without a birth certificate for seven years, and much of that came from actual elected lawmakers and a Vice Presidential candidate on the Republican side. It's also not exactly the same to whine that Rush Limbaugh, a white straight rich man, is the same as a person who lived in an internment camp and couldn't get married legally and have it recognized around the country until last week.
At any rate, conservatives are angry that George Takei has free speech just like they do, and he used it to call out Thomas for his obscene whitewashing of history.
Blackface per Wiki: Blackface is a form of theatrical makeup used by performers to represent a black person. The practice gained popularity during the 19th century and contributed to the proliferation of stereotypes such as the “happy-go-lucky darky on the plantation” or the “dandified c*on”.
Thomas' dissent contributed to the stereotype perpetuated by the right of “happy slaves”. It whitewashed history.
The truth is that it is outrageous for a sitting justice to say that slaves had dignity. Justice Thomas saying that only furthers the distortions of reality we have allowed in order to shield ourselves from the ugly truth of what we have done as a nation. These kinds of beliefs do not belong in the highest court of the land. That kind of attitude is why so many people in America are not enjoying the full rights to which they are entitled as human beings in one of the richest countries on the Earth.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Hi all,
At the conclusion of the Transformative Justice Camp this we discussed moving forward and staying connected through a Community Accountability Network. This will be the first meeting following the camp, and we hope to commence by deciding how the network will communicate (internally and externally), and function to support a shared goal of community accountability and survivor support.
If you have questions please direct them to transformativejusticecamp@gmail.com
Thank-you to everyone who facilitated, participated, helped the camp in anyway including cooking, caring for children, counselling, cleaning, grievance, carpooling and anything else! We are looking forward to debriefing the camp and what comes out of it. If you would like to be a part of the community accountability network please email transformativejusticecamp@gmail.com.
This camp is intended for people with an existing interest in and/or experience with community accountability and transformative justice approaches to preventing and responding to violence, sexual violence and interpersonal violence. The programme is focused on skill-based workshops, with a view to deepening our understanding of community accountability/transformative justice approaches and strategies, and implementing these in practice.
The camp aims to build and strengthen networks, support, resource sharing and communication between people doing community-based anti violence work in Victoria, and to provide a focused space for both facilitated workshops and informal discussion.
The prison nation, including policing have been and are currently used as tools of colonisation, capitalism and oppression. Criminal legal responses are often the main or only option made available to people experiencing violence, despite being frequently ineffective. To adequately prevent and respond to violence and build meaningful pathways to safety that don't force survivors to rely solely on police and prisons, we need to build our own skills, capacity for survivor support and tools for community-based interventions. We believe in the need to develop ways of dealing with conflict, violence and harm without using the prison industrial complex and to develop communities that work towards survivor healing, accountability of perpetrators and relationships that are not based on domination or oppression.
The camp will be held 16-19th February 2017 at Commonground.
The camp content won't cover introductions to CA and TJ concepts, and related frameworks including prison abolition, but fundamental frameworks will be compiled into a zine/reading kit, as well as discussion groups before the camp takes place.
We acknowledge that this camp will be situated on the land of the Taungurung (Daung wurrung) people. We stand on this land as beneficiaries of an uncompensated and unreconciled dispossession which began over 200 years ago and continues today. We would like to reflect that within acknowledgement there should be action. How do we act in solidarity with first nations peoples? How do we act against the economic and social systems which reinforce racism, oppression and subjugation?
0 of 15
Doug Pensinger/Getty Images
Collegiate athletics simply wouldn't be the same without tradition. Remove tradition from the equation and all of the passion and pageantry that make college football and basketball unique from their pro counterpart—what do you have now? What qualifies as a tradition at one school may be anything but at another, but making the mascot a central part of sporting events is as close to a universal tradition as there is.
While animals—big and small—make up a fair share (perhaps even the lion's share) of all college mascots, not every school with an animal-based mascot can make a real living, breathing creature part of its tradition…for reasons both obvious and not.
Those universities and colleges that do have a tradition featuring the genuine article on game day, instead of stuffing a sweaty student into a goggle-eyed facsimile, makes the idea of a mascot just a little more special. Not only is a real dog, bird or any of the countless kinds of animals way more fun to watch, but there is always the possibility of unplanned mayhem.
Whether the mascot is a beloved part of a long-held tradition, or just great because it corners the adorability market, these are the best animal traditions in sports.
by Claire E. O'Hanlon and Melody Harvey
The United States' high health care costs do not yield corresponding health outcomes for its citizens. Conversely, Cuba, with less than a tenth of U.S. expenditures, has attained comparable outcomes on many indicators, particularly life expectancy and infant mortality.
Key Health Care Indicators in Cuba and the United States Cuba United States Life expectancy at birth (in years)c 79.1 79.3 Infant mortality rate (probability in dying by age 1 per 1,000 live births)b 5 5.9 Maternal mortality rate (per 100,000 live births)c 39 14 Mortality due to cancer, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, or chronic respiratory diseases (percent of population ages 30–70)a 16.5% 14.3% Total spending on health as percent of GDPa 8.6% 17% Per capita total expenditure on health at average exchange rate (US dollars)a $558 $8,845 Sources: WHO 2015 ( PDF ) and WHO 2016. a. Statistics are as of 2012, b. Statistics are as of 2013, and c. Statistics are as of 2015.
This contrast raises the obvious question of how Cuba achieves these outcomes, a problematic question because multiple factors could contribute to the system's success. Regardless, the differences between the two countries' health care systems remain stark. Although Cuban health care providers have less access to technology and supplies, coverage is universal and the system is largely government-run, with the exception of the black market and medical tourism. Conversely, health care in the United States is not universal and consists of a disjointed, yet well-resourced mix of private and public providers and payers. Health system differences between Cuba and the United States likely account for much of Cuba's ability to do more with less.
It is unlikely that the United States will adopt socialized health care any time soon, but some of the Cuban system's distinguishing features might still provide useful lessons. In particular, the United States could do well to import lessons on prioritizing primary care and prevention as well as addressing social determinants of health.
Cuban medical schools incorporate primary care, public health, and social determinants in their curricula in ways that U.S. schools are just beginning to do.
In fact, Cuba's emphasis on primary care and prevention is a key differentiating feature of the two systems. Cuban medical schools, which are government-run and tuition-free, incorporate primary care, public health, and social determinants in their curricula in ways that U.S. schools are just beginning to do. Furthermore, the nationwide system of consultorios (family medical offices) and polyclinics play a central role in providing community-based medical and mental health services for all residents of defined geographic areas.
The Cuban consultorio comprises a doctor and nurse team who provides basic primary care services for 600–900 patients in both the office and patients' homes. Mornings are typically devoted to on-site care and afternoons to public health promotion, by collecting health statistics or visiting individual homes to address prevention, health education, and environmental factors affecting patients' health. Physicians are expected not only to conduct screenings and educate patients, but also to understand their family and social backgrounds. Since physicians focus on a residential area rather than on self-selecting patients, they are more likely to reach out ( PDF ) to those who typically avoid interaction with the health care system — an initiative much less common in the United States.
For more complex services, physicians refer patients to local polyclinics, each serving a single geographic area of approximately 25,000–35,000 people. The polyclinic staff is typically integrated doctor-nurse teams that provide a wide range of services including pediatric, dental, eye, and behavioral health care. They also communicate directly with the patient's family doctor to ensure appropriate follow-up.
The set-up and structure of this geographic-based health care system ensures “that people [are] understood in all their dimensions: biological, psychological and social [and] as individuals, within families, and within their communities.” In surveying the environment or visiting patients' homes, physicians are able to assess the elements that constitute social determinants of health and thus tailor services to the specific needs of each community. They consider factors such as education, housing, environmental elements (e.g. sanitation and clean air), food and nutrition, and employment.
A polyclinic's ability to care for and respond to the needs of its citizens relies on the staff's knowledge and efforts in carrying out these responsibilities, which is grounded in the Cuban medical education system. All physicians enter this six-year training directly from high school, and are first educated as primary care practitioners. Later, those who wish to specialize must obtain a post-graduate degree. This policy resulted from a 1984 governmental shift that prioritized health promotion over sickness control. This change led schools to broaden providers' role as solely family physicians to “comprehensive general physicians.” While U.S. medical students typically acquire some basic epidemiological knowledge during their education, the Cuban health care system stresses the physicians' role to promote public health and their moral obligation to address health care disparities and inequalities.
Cuba's health system is far from perfect. Facilities often lack basic supplies or equipment, physicians receive poor compensation, and many providers defect when serving in foreign medical missions. Furthermore, some of the consultorio and polyclinic successes could be due to low residential mobility for both patients and physicians, resulting in sustained doctor-patient relationships. Additionally, many of the lessons from Cuba are difficult to transfer outside of its unique social context. Certain social determinants of health in the United States, such as economic stability, are less influential in Cuba because the government provides some food and other necessities.
The imperative for a stronger emphasis on social determinants of health in primary care in the U.S. has grown increasingly urgent.
However, the imperative for a stronger emphasis on social determinants of health in primary care in the United States has grown increasingly urgent. Undergraduate medical education has started to promote this focus, with the American Medical Association's adoption of a 2014 policy to integrate more training on this subject. Some of the adopted approaches ( PDF ) provide additional training and research to understand health disparities or address diversity in the medical education pipeline so that physicians more closely resemble the communities they serve. Furthermore, a few places also have adopted elements of community-based medicine and employ interdisciplinary teams to help address barriers to a healthy life.
The Morehouse School of Medicine in Atlanta implemented a required service-learning community health course in 1998. Students partner with an organization to conduct a health-needs assessment, identify a pressing community health issue, and then design and implement an intervention to address it. The needs identified often center on social determinants of health, such as housing conditions, available nutrition, and educational attainment.
More recently, the Green Family Foundation Neighborhood Health Education and Learning Program (NeighborhoodHELP™) at Florida International University started to send integrated teams of medical, nursing, education, law, and social work students to underserved neighborhoods to address similar concerns. Over a period of three years, students cultivate relationships with household members to identify areas of need and develop plans to address health and quality of life issues.
Still, the United States has a relatively small number of medical schools actively seeking to expand the physician's role in understanding and addressing social determinants of health ( PDF ). Achieving the "triple aim" of affordable, high-quality health care that improves population health will require the medical field to better integrate this perspective into primary care provision. Lessons from the Cuban approach might help the United States achieve more with less.
Claire E. O'Hanlon and Melody Harvey are assistant policy researchers at the nonprofit, nonpartisan RAND Corporation and doctoral candidates at the Pardee RAND Graduate School.
This commentary originally appeared on Georgetown Journal of International Affairs on October 2, 2017. Commentary gives RAND researchers a platform to convey insights based on their professional expertise and often on their peer-reviewed research and analysis.
In early 2005, Donald Trump explained to radio host Howard Stern that he had considered hosting a version of his show The Apprentice pitting black contestants vs. white ones.
Trump thought the concept, which BuzzFeed News reported Thursday Trump pushed the idea on his syndicated radio show, would be the highest rated show on television.
"On The Apprentice there was a concept, okay, thrown out by some person, nine blacks against nine whites," said Trump. "And it would be nine blacks against nine whites, all highly educated, very smart, strong, beautiful. Do you like it? Do you like it, Robin?"
"I think you're gonna have a riot," Stern co-host Robin Quivers said, after Stern said he liked the idea.
"It would be the highest-rated show on television," interjected Trump.
Stern went on to ask Trump a series of questions.
"Very dark blacks, or light-skinned blacks?" Stern asked.
"Assortment," Trump responded, "against whites."
When a laughing Quivers asked how many blondes, Trump added he wanted all nine whites to be blonde.
"This was a thought that was given to us, and I don't think NBC is thrilled with the idea, with the concept," says Trump.
"Wouldn't that set off a racial war?" asks Stern.
"Actually, I don't think it would," responded Trump. "I think it would be handled very beautifully by me. Because, as you know, I'm very diplomatic... Also, I think you'd have 35 million people a night watching."
Stern said that on some level the idea was wrong, but he'd watch it. "You'd have to, because you want to know when the riots start," Quivers said.
"There's something wrong with it, but I don't know, maybe we should think about it," Trump said.
Guest post by Joe Hoft
On Tuesday President-elect Donald Trump announced he saved about 1,000 jobs in Indiana after negotiating with the air conditioning firm Carrier.
Now this…
At least one Democrat was honest about the good news. ‘The Young Turks' host Cenk Uygur praised Trump for the deal – adding that Obama “never would have done this.”
Transcript via Real Clear Politics:
Let's talk about one of the things he did that was actually really positive.
He said, look, your parent company United Technologies has a lot of government contracts. IF you want to get United States government contracts, you're going to have to keep some of your jobs in the United States.
Now, this is exactly what I've been saying to Democrats and President Obama. That you could do this stuff. If you really want to apply pressure, there are a thousand ways to apply pressure.
But they would never do it. I'm sorry, if you're a Democrat, and you like Obama, I hate to break your heart and you want to hate me for it and that's okay, but Obama wouldn't have done that.
That's not who he is, he is not that guy. And in this case, it is an absolute fact. Because he is president right now. If he wanted, he could have pressured Carrier. But he didn't pressure Carrier. He didn't pressure United Technologies, and he didn't threaten to take away their contracts. Because he's not that strong. And he always thinks, his default mode is there's nothing we can do. You guys don't understand.There are consequences.
Blueberry consumption has been shown to have various health benefits in humans. However, little is known about the effect of blueberry consumption on blood pressure, endothelial function and insulin sensitivity in humans. The present study investigated the role of blueberry consumption on modifying blood pressure in subjects with metabolic syndrome. In addition, endothelial function and insulin sensitivity (secondary measurements) were also assessed. A double-blind and placebo-controlled study was conducted in 44 adults (blueberry, n = 23; and placebo, n = 21). They were randomized to receive a blueberry or placebo smoothie twice daily for six weeks. Twenty-four-hour ambulatory blood pressure, endothelial function and insulin sensitivity were assessed pre- and post-intervention. The blood pressure and insulin sensitivity did not differ between the blueberry and placebo groups. However, the mean change in resting endothelial function, expressed as reactive hyperemia index (RHI), was improved significantly more in the group consuming the blueberries versus the placebo group (p = 0.024). Even after adjusting for confounding factors, i.e., the percent body fat and gender, the blueberry group still had a greater improvement in endothelial function when compared to their counterpart (RHI; 0.32 ± 0.13 versus -0.33 ± 0.14; p = 0.0023). In conclusion, daily dietary consumption of blueberries did not improve blood pressure, but improved (i.e., increased) endothelial function over six weeks in subjects with metabolic syndrome.
Two gardening events, two carnival events and a beach clean-up demonstrate that winter is fleeting. The borough also hosts a disability film festival, dragons, symphonies, dance, art and a group that claims to be the world's best Beatles tribute band. Here's the rundown, broken down into arts, dance, music, food, volunteer and educational events. If you have an event you'd like to see featured here, email emily@brownstoner.com.
ARTS
March 6, The Act of Killing, 7:30 pm. The Queens World Film Festival screens the world premiere of the 159-minute director's cut of The Act of Killing. Director Joshua Oppenheimer will be on hand for a special Q&A session. P.S. 69, 77-02 37th Ave., Jackson Heights, www.queensworldfilmfestival.com.
March 7-9, New York Disability Film Festival, times vary. This annual festival promotes awareness and appreciation of the lives, stories, and artistic expressions of people with disabilities. Among the films showing is Cinemability, a documentary on representations of disability in film with interviews with Ben Affleck and Jamie Foxx. Photography exhibit and movies at Central Queens Y, 67–09 108th St., Forest Hills, www.cqy.org and movies at Museum of the Moving Image, 36-01 35th Ave., Astoria, www.movingimage.us.
March 7, Opening Night: Uncertain Worlds, 6 pm to 10 pm. French artist Philippe Boissonnet's art encompasses drawing, photography, sculpture, holography, video and digital imagery. After the opening, his work is on display Fridays and Saturdays, 2 pm to 6 pm or by appointment until May 3. Holocenter @ the Clock Tower of LIC, 29-27 41st Ave., Queens Plaza North, www.holocenter.org.
March 8-9, Hotels on Film, times vary. The Museum of the Moving Image screens six features and two shorts set in hotels: Barton Fink (1991) preceded by Hotel Chevalier (2007), The Silence (1963), Lost in Translation (2003) preceded by Life without Zoe (1989), Grand Hotel (1932), Beware of a Holy Whore (1971) and The Shining (1980). MMI, 36-01 35th Ave., Astoria, www.movingimage.us.
March 8, Cinema En Español: Innocent Voices, 7 pm. A Better Jamaica presents a film on the bloody civil war which tore apart El Salvador in the 1980s. Free. Jamaica Center for Arts & Learning, 161-04 Jamaica Ave., Jamaica, www.jcal.org.
March 9, Imagine Dragons, 1 pm. WT McRae and Tiny Giraffe Theater collaborate with Flushing Town Hall to develop a new play, Dragon Story. These workshops are an opportunity for students to meet and play with writer, director, and performers, and help them shape the world of dragons that will be created in Dragon story. Free, but ticket required. FTH, 137-35 Northern Blvd., www.flushingtownhall.org.
DANCE
March 6, Cha-Cha-Cha Lessons, 7 pm. Dance instruction for all ages and levels with renowned instructor Paul Ru Bao of Farrington Ballroom Dance School. After an hour lesson there is an hour of open dance. $10 single class/$45 for five classes. Skip the class and join open dance at 8 pm for $5. QT, 14 United Nations Ave. S., Flushing Meadows-Corona Park, www.queenstheatre.org.
March 7, Amy Marshall Dance Company, 8 pm. AMDC's new dance “Kadogo” responds to how children across the world are being stripped of their childhood and moral psyche and handed guns. $15 advance/$20/$10. LaGuardia Community College Main Stage Theatre, 31-10 Thomson Ave., LIC, www.laguardia.edu/LPAC.
MUSIC
March 7, Carnival Party: A Tribute to Harry Belafonte, 8 pm. Jeff Zúñiga and his band play a tribute concert to Harry Belafonte, whose songs include “Matilda,” “The Banana Boat Song” and “Day-O.” $15 members/$10 students. Flushing Town Hall, 137-35 Northern Blvd., www.flushingtownhall.org.
March 8, The Fab Faux, 8 pm. Join the Fab Faux as they celebrate “The Beatles on Ed Sullivan” and perform a mixed set of favorites. They will be joined by Creme Tangerine Strings and Hogshead Horn. $45-$65. Kupferberg Center at Queens College, Kissena Boulevard and Horace Harding Expressway, Flushing, www.kupferbergcenter.org.
March 9, Forest Hills Symphony Orchestra, 2 pm. This talented group plays Weber, Mozart, Mendelssohn and Dvorak. $12 adults/$10 seniors and students/free children under 13. Forest Hills Jewish Center, 106-06 Queens Blvd., www.fhjc.org.
EDUCATION
March 8, Caribbean Carnival Celebration for Families, 1 pm. Learn about the festivity, create cool masks, and dance to steel drums as you march around Queens Museum in true Carnival style. Free. QM, Flushing Meadows-Corona Park, www.queensmuseum.org.
March 8, Wilderness Survival, 11 am. Do you know how to build a shelter or start a fire without matches? Do you have what it takes to survive in the wild? On these fun, family friendly programs you learn tips and tricks that enhance your knowledge of the natural world and might just save your life. Free. Alley Pond Environmental Center, 228-06 Northern Blvd., Oakland Gardens, www.alleypond.com.
‎March 8, Start Your Summer Veggies Indoors, noon. Queen Botanical Garden Director of Education Emeritus Fred Gerber teaches an introductory workshop on starting summer vegetables indoors. $6, advance registration and payment required at education@queensbotanical.org or (718) 886-3800 ext. 230. QBG, 43-50 Main St., Flushing, www.queensbotanical.org.
March 8, Storybook Discovery Day, 11 am. In the cozy parlor setting, Karyn Mooney makes reading fun. Suggested for children six and under, the session includes an art or nature discovery activity. Suggested donation $5 per family. Voelker Orth Museum, 149-19 38th Ave., Flushing, www.vomuseum.org.
March 8, Intergenerational Garden Open House, 10 am. Queens Botanical Garden launches its intergenerational garden. At this open house, gardeners learn more about the program, walk through the facility, and meet coordinator Maureen Regan. QBG, 43-50 Main St., Flushing, www.queensbotanical.org.
FOOD
March 10, Moveable Feast Artist Dinner Series, 6:30 pm. With performing artist Emily Berry and chef Gianna Cerbone-Teoli, diners enjoy a multi-course meal with dancers, a violinist and a chef. Funds raised support scholarships for students in the Queens Council on the Arts High School to Art School Portfolio Development Program. $150. Manducatis Rustica Restaurant, 46-33 Vernon Blvd., LIC, www.queenscouncilarts.org.
VOLUNTEER
March 10, Rockaway Community Park Coastal Clean-Up, 9 am to 1 pm. Remove debris from the shoreline with Natural Areas Volunteers. This work will protect Jamaica Bay's natural habitat. Come dressed in sturdy boots or shoes and warm clothing. Registration is required at (212) 360-3318 or nav@parks.nyc.gov. Free. Meet the NAV technical leader at the corner of Almeda Avenue and Beach 58th Street, Rockaway Community Park, Far Rockaway.
MISCELLANEOUS
March 8, The Love Affair Showcase, 1 pm to 5 pm. Brides and potential brides can enjoy an afternoon of performance, tastings, and networking with top trend-setters in bridal fashion, accessories, planning, floral design, decor and entertainment. Renaissance Event Hall, 27-34 21st St., LIC, http://bit.ly/1dh8PNu.
The “It's In Queens” column is produced by the Queens Tourism Council with the hope that readers will enjoy the borough's wonderful attractions. More info at www.itsinqueens.com.
President Obama's golf game on Sunday forced a pair of Army captains to move their nuptials to a different location, Bloomberg reports.
Edward Mallue Jr. and Natalie Heimel had planned to tie the knot on the 16th tee at Kaneohe Klipper golf course when management informed them that they would have to wait a day so the president could hit the links.
Kaneohe Klipper is an 18-hole championship course on the military base that offers views of the Ko'olau Mountains and Pacific coastline.
The episode is the second time the president's golf game has caused a commotion since he began his vacation last week.
ADVERTISEMENT
Over the weekend, Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razakhis recent golf outing with the president after being criticized back home.The Army couple actually invited Obama to their wedding, knowing he would be on the island. However, the president declined the invitation, wishing them happiness.“It was kind of ironic they got the letter from them and then, within hours, they were told they had to be moved due to him,” Jamie McCarthy, Mallue's sister, told Bloomberg. “It was emotional, especially for her — she's the bride and in less than 24 hours they had to change everything they had planned.”The couple instead chose to get hitched on the lawn near the home of the base's commanding officer.After Bloomberg asked the White House about the scheduling conflict, Obama phoned the bride.“He apologized and congratulated them,” McCarthy said.— This story was updated at 10:58 a.m.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Wealthy elitist Rush Limbaugh is super mad that the Obamas are worming their way into living “high” on the “hog” like the white peeps. The nerve.
From the January 9 edition of Premiere Radio Networks' The Rush Limbaugh Show courtesy of Media Matters:
“I believe that whatever drives Obama and his party is the pursuit of money without having to work for it… If you look at the way the Obamas live, with Michelle and her separate vacations and not being concerned about how much it costs to take separate airplanes – an opportunity to live high on the hog without having it cost them a dime. They justify it by saying well we deserve this, we're owed this because of whatever happened to our ancestors.”
See, you're supposed to get all outraged and justify that Obama doesn't spend that much and that Michelle has her own responsibilities as First Lady (much of which centers on her supporting military families but we know that doesn't count for Rush) and that the Obamas pay for their personal trips, but that would be buying into the frame that Obama should have to justify his spending to a drug addicted white man who dropped out of college. Please.
It's best to laugh at the petty racism of the far right while they hold their sweat slick, corpulent hands out for freebies and justify the millions of dollars in bonuses their friends give to Wall Street failures. After all, Rush wishes he were as powerful and important as the glorious and haloed Barack Obama. Rush also wishes he had the figure to be photographed body surfing in Hawaii.
It hurts Rush to want something a black man with a superb education earned, so he has to pretend Obama is being uppity because that implies he didn't earn it. Heck, Rush came out and said Obama wants stuff he didn't earn because of his ancestors. Don't tell Rush, but Obama is not a descendant of the enslaved Africans who built America with no thanks from the white boys who took charge from their privileged perch. Yes, see, there are some Africans who are also Americans, but are not African Americans. This detail surely will not make any sense to Rush anyway so it's best not to burden him with it.
But poor Rush does have a point. Nouveau riche tackiness is best left to white boys like himself, whose vulgar taste rivals Donald Trump's (see the $44 million Palm Beach compound). See, you can't buy class, but when you push your way into the clubhouse, it's best to keep everyone else out — that way, even when they realize you have no taste and your manners belie your position, there won't be anyone to replace you with.
It's so obvious that Rush is really just jealous and feeling protectionist toward his precarious and unearned status as an elite. He's afraid someone will ask him one day, “Hey, how in the heck did an uneducated drug addict get to be a national icon of hate and run the Republican Party? What did you ever do to deserve such privilege?”
Rush should relax, as the answer is as obvious as it is replete with conservative values of working for your cash. Rush got there because he got lucky; his brand of idiotic hate matched up perfectly with Reagan's repeal of the Fairness Doctrine and the two of them set out to destroy the Republican Party's image as the party of ideas. Who else could do that so well, I ask you?
Now that Rush has arrived via the front door, he wants to slam the gates shut against anyone he doesn't like, as a true American would. If only someone would knight him so he could take this to its full fruition. They knight uneducated drug addicts, don't they? I mean, heck, nothing says “I earned this” like a title.
True conservatives (as opposed to those who make tons of money they don't deserve by playing one on the radio) are outraged over this particular President spending any money because… you know… they care about frugality. Just look at George W Bush's prudent use of money if you don't believe me. No, not at Medicare D or the wars he left off of the budget. We all know bills are for Democrats. No, I mean his many, many vacation days, especially the ones he billed as working vacations. Gosh, how expensive would you say it was having an intellectually absent executive?
Way to stay relevant, Rush! Keep catering to the old, scared whites ‘cuz that's a segment that keeps on growin'! Sure, the old man might be irrelevant, but isn't he a great mascot for the modern day Republican Party? He is their base!
Image: SodaHead
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Police in Moorhead, Minnesota, will return a $12,000 tip they seized from a struggling local waitress, her attorney said on Thursday.
Stacy Knutson, a server at the Fryn' Pan Restaurant in Moorhead, got the tip back in November from a customer who left a takeout box inside the restaurant.
Knutson followed the customer out to parking lot and tried to give her the box but the woman told her to keep it. When Knutson opened it, she found $12,000 in cash.
RELATED: 'Breastaurants' Take Aim at Hooters
Knutson, a mother of five, called local police and turned in the cash as lost property.
At first, police said the cash would be hers if it remained unclaimed for 60 days, according to the lawsuit Knutson filed against the department.
At the end of the 60 days, however, the department told Knutson she would have to wait another 30 days to get the money.
Then police told her she would not receive the money at all because it smelled of marijuana and had been seized under a state law.
Police offered Knutson a $1,000 as a reward for turning the cash in. She refused the reward and filed suit.
In affidavits filed as part of the lawsuit, Knutson and two other restaurant employees said they detected no odor at all.
On Thursday, Craig Richie, Knutson's attorney, said the department had changed its mind and will return the $12,000 to her.
Richie said it was known around Moorhead that Knutson and her husband were having financial problems raising their five children. He said he believed the money was intended as a gift to the family.
"Stacy is a very religious woman and this is the will of God," he said on Thursday.
(Reporting by Richard Mattern, editing by Jackie Frank)
We're learning more about what caused a massive blackout in San Francisco in April. A company hired by PG&E to investigate the incident concluded that the problems involved equipment failure at an electrical substation and a flawed design of a critical alarm system. Investigative Reporter Liz Wagner reports in a story that aired on Dec. 15, 2017. (Published Friday, Dec. 15, 2017)
A consulting company hired by Pacific Gas & Electric Co. to investigate the cause of a massive power outage in San Francisco in April concluded that the problems involved equipment failure and a flawed design of a critical alarm system.
A fire inside an electrical substation on Larkin Street in the city's Tenderloin district triggered a blackout, which left 88,000 customers in the dark for hours, shut down city streets and snarled traffic.
The NBC Bay Area Investigative Unit obtained a report prepared by Exponent, the consulting company that investigated the cause of the outage. The company found that a control switch malfunctioned at the substation, causing a circuit breaker to stay shut down for 27 hours. The switch didn't work due to age and wear, the company said.
The report explains that the substation's computer system detected the problem and sent an alarm to PG&E's electric distribution control center. But the operator at the control center missed the alert; according to Exponent, it was a silent alarm.
Exponent's report indicates that for more than a day, the Larkin substation wasn't operating normally. The equipment became overstressed, which caused an explosion in the cabinet of a second circuit breaker. The explosion started a fire, and the fire knocked out power.
PG&E is upgrading the substation and creating a new building to house switch gears, which the company recently replaced. The project began 2016 before the power outage, and is scheduled to be completed by the end of 2019.
Exponent notes that since the blackout, PG&E has made changes to its alarm system so operators can identify abnormal conditions in the future.
The California Public Utilities Commission is also examining the Larkin Street Substation incident, but the agency has yet to finish its investigation.
If you have a tip for the NBC Bay Area Investigative Unit email theunit@nbcuni.com or call 888-996-TIPS.
A Kenya Defence Force soldier runs for cover near the perimeter wall of Garissa University College. Credit:Reuters Somalia's al-Shabab Islamist group claimed responsibility for the attack, saying it had released Muslims while killing some Christians and taking many others hostage inside. "We sorted people out and released the Muslims," Sheikh Abdiasis Abu Musab, al-Shabab's military operations spokesman, said. "There are many dead bodies of Christians inside the building. We are also holding many Christians alive. Fighting still goes on inside the college." President Uhuru Kenyatta ordered the police to speed up the recruitment of police officers to help battle the Somali-based militants after the attack Thursday. Al-Shabaab has escalated the number and deadliness of attacks since 2011 when Kenya sent troops to fight them in Somalia. The group killed 67 people in a multi-day siege of a popular mall in Nairobi, the capital, in 2013.
Kenyan police officers take cover outside the Garissa University College during the attack. It's unknown how many students have been taken hostage. Credit:AP "My government has undertaken appropriate deployment to the affected area and is fully in charge of the situation," Kenyatta said. "This is a moment for everyone throughout the country to be vigilant as we continue to confront and defeat our enemies." The militants may have chosen the university as a "soft target, an area with a big population," Emmanuel Kisiangani, a Nairobi-based senior researcher at the Institute for Security Studies, said by phone. Kenya Defence Force soldiers patrol the perimeter wall where the Islamists are holding hostages and executing Christians at a campus in Garissa. Credit:Reuters "Al-Shabaab usually come up with attacks when they are perceived to be at their weakest point. I think they did this as part of the agenda to assert themselves," he said.
The death toll in a university attack in northeastern Kenya rose to at least 147 on Thursday, with another 79 wounded, but the siege was almost over, Kenya's Interior Minister Joseph Nkaissery said. Students of the Garissa University College get out of a house where they were taking shelter from an attack by Islamist gunmen in Garissa, Kenya. Credit:AP Nkaissery cautioned that "the operation is ongoing, anything can happen." At the same press conference in Garissa, Kenyan Police Chief Joseph Boinet said the east African country has introduced a dusk to dawn (6.30pm - 6.30am) curfew for four regions near Somalia border as a security precaution. Heavy gunfire and explosions were heard and siege was coming to an end as Kenyan forces moved into the Garissa University College. Credit:Google Maps
Some students were trapped inside the college campus, the Centre said. The wounded were all taken to hospital, with four in a critical condition. Most had gunshot wounds. "We have 49 casualties so far, all with bullet and (shrapnel) wounds," said a doctor at Garissa hospital. A Kenya Defense Force soldier stops a boy from moving in the direction where Islamists are holding hostages on a campus in Garissa. Credit:Reuters Kenyan troops have killed two gunmen from a gang of Somalian Al-Shabab Islamist fighters who stormed a university. "Two of the terrorists have been killed and the security forces are doing their best to free the hostages," Interior Ministry spokesman Mwenda Njoka said earlier, with "security agencies intensifying the rescue operation".
Medics help an injured person at Kenyatta national Hospital in Nairobi, Kenya, after being airlifted from Garissa. Credit:AP Heavy gunfire and shouts from inside the building where hostages were believed to be held were heard by journalists with the Kenyan troops, as soldiers continued to battle the insurgents as darkness fell, over 12 hours after the attack began. Soldiers told a journalist at the scene that they had heard screaming from inside the building, including shouts of "Allah hu Akbar", or "God is the greatest" in Arabic. Students gather and watch from a distance outside the Garissa University College after an attack by Islamist gunmen. Credit:AP One suspected gunman was earlier arrested as he tried to flee the campus.
Police and soldiers surrounded and sealed off the university and were attempting to flush out the gunmen, Police Chief Boinet said in a statement. Local residents donate blood at Garissa hospital after the attack. Credit:AP "The attackers shot indiscriminately while inside the university compound," Mr Boinet said, adding that police had been guarding the university's four hostels at the time. One student who fled, Njeri Maina, said three assailants entered the university's main accommodation building carrying assault rifles and grenades. A Kenya Defence Forces tank arrives at Garissa University College. Credit:AP
They shouted in Arabic, then Swahili, telling everybody to lie down before they opened fire, she said by phone. "I managed to lock myself in a nearby toilet and leave the building through the back entrance after security forces started engaging the attackers," Maina said. A policewoman at the scene said two security guards at the campus had been killed and many students remained trapped inside the campus in Garissa, nearly 400 kilometres east of Nairobi. "Two guards who were manning the gate at the university have been killed," she said. "We can hear gunshots from inside the compound but at this point we can't tell who is shooting at who or what." A Kenyan blogger and student, Robert Alai, based in Nairobi, told Fairfax Media he had spoken by phone to three teacher friends who were hiding on the campus. "The attackers were shooting at anyone in sight, inside the college," he said.
Mr Alai said the attackers may also have used grenades. "Most of the people I've spoken to are scared," he said. "We heard some gunshots and we were sleeping so it was around five and guys started jumping up and down running for their lives," an unnamed student said. Witnesses recount horror of attack An explosion followed by gunfire woke students at Garissa's Moi University in Kenya before dawn on Thursday morning. At around 5:30 am an unknown number of masked gunmen began an assault by tossing explosives at the main gate before storming a nearby girl's hostel.
More than 800 students attend the university and sleep in dormitories on the sprawling campus on the outskirts of the town in northeast Kenya. "We were sleeping when we heard a loud explosion that was followed by gunshots and everyone started running for safety," said student Japhet Mwala. "There are those who were not able to leave the hostels where the gunmen headed and started firing, I am lucky to be alive because I jumped through the fence with other students," said Mwala. Another student, Katherine - who did not want to give her full name - said that when she first heard the explosion and gunfire, "we thought that it was power problems". But soon the horror of being caught up in the latest attack by the Al-Qaeda aligned militants from neighbouring Somalia dawned on her.
'We thought warning was April Fool' "We started running away," she said. Katherine and other students fled their hostels and ran to nearby fields where they hid as the gunfire continued. Rosalind Mugambi also fled to the fields with other students and "bullets following us". She said some of her friends were injured by the gunfire. "We saw some blood stains and they were shot," she said. Students said that notices had been posted around the campus warning that an attack was possible.
"There were reports of an attack the whole week and even the university administration was informed," said Nicholas Mutuku. "But it is like everyone didn't take it seriously, because it was not the first time such reports were emerging." Some who saw the warning notices a day ahead of the attack thought they were an April Fool's prank. "Yesterday there were those notices, but as it was April 1, we just thought that it was fooling," said Katherine. Christians separated from Muslims
Al-Shabaab, which seeks to impose its own harsh variant of sharia law, had separated Muslims from Christians in some of its previous raids in Kenya, notably late last year in attacks on a bus and at a quarry. Its repeated raids, together with attacks on churches by home-grown Islamist groups, have in recent years strained the historically cordial relations between Kenya's Muslim and Christian communities. Thursday's attack also marked a setback in a drive by President Uhuru Kenyatta to persuade foreigners the country is safe to visit. On Wednesday, he urged Kenyans abroad to help woo tourists back despite the wave of militant violence, criticising a warning from Australia of a possible attack in Nairobi and an advisory from Britain urging its citizens to avoid most coastal resorts. Kenyatta was due to address the nation about the Garissa attack later on Thursday.
Grace Kai, a student at the Garissa Teachers Training College near the university, said there had been warnings that an attack in the town could be imminent. "Some strangers had been spotted in Garissa town and were suspected to be terrorists," she said. "Then on Monday our college principal told us ... that strangers had been spotted in our college ... On Tuesday we were released to go home, and our college closed, but the campus remained in session, and now they have been attacked." Al-Shabaab had previously carried out attacks in Garissa, which lies around 200 kilometres from the porous Somali border. Many Kenyans living in the crime-ridden frontier regions blame the government for not doing enough to protect its citizens from the militants.
Having declared it would punish Kenya for sending troops into Somalia to fight it alongside African Union peacekeepers, it was also responsible for a deadly attack in 2013 on the upscale Westgate shopping mall in Nairobi. Reuters, AP, AFP First published on April 2, constantly updated.
How To Beat Wiggins
Luxembourg's Le Quotidien has a good piece on how to beat Wiggins, asking several team managers for their suggestions
Whilst Wiggins is the great favourite for the race I think the next three weeks can bring plenty of surprises. But let's run with the idea that Wiggins is the rider to beat, here are the suggestions from the team managers plus some extra ideas.
The High Mountains
Le Quotidien spoke to Lionel Marie, now DS at Orica-GreenEdge but note in charge of Wiggins during his 2009 season when he finished fourth in the Tour de France. Marie says it'll take several climbers in coalition to destabilise Wiggins, “he knows himself very well, he knows exactly what power to ride at and for how long. Everything is quantified and, seeing as he is intelligent, he'll cope”
Descending
I can't remember Wiggins losing control on a descent but as we saw in the Dauphiné when Cadel Evans jumped away on the descent into Morzine after the Joux Plane, perhaps Wiggins will surrender time to others. “He's beatable downhill when compared to riders like Nibali or Evans” says Christian Guiberteau of Argos Oil-Shimano to Le Quotidien, adding “he is very calculating… he doesn't take risks.”
Has Wiggins Peaked Too Early?
This argument has been used before. Movistar's Yvon Ledanois says “if all is managed properly it is possible to win the Dauphiné and Tour. But the Tour, it's not one week, it's not 20°C but 30°C degrees (86°F)”. He is right on the climate but this isn't something that should worry Wiggins. He famously trained for the heat of Spain by turning up the heating in his hotel room and also using a garden toolshed with an indoor bike and heating turned up to the max. If anything the heat will be from the media, he can struggle sometimes with the daily press conferences, although he can lord it over the presspack as well.
Le jour sans
This is French for an off-day. You can be on form but still have a bad day when things don't work out, the legs just feel wooden. With luck this happens on an ordinary day rather than a mountain stage or a time trial but there's no choice. Saxo Bank DS Philippe Mauduit tells Le Quotidien this happened to Wiggins on the crucial stage of the Vuelta last year but was helped by Chris Froome.
A crash
A bit of an obvious one but FDJ's Thierry Bricaud warns of a crash. It's true and nobody knows this more than Wiggins. The plan will be to keep Wiggins and Cavendish both near the front during much of the stage, one to avoid trouble and the other to set him up for the sprint. So long as Wiggins doesn't sit on Cavendish's wheel.
Cavendish
Having the world champion and fastest sprinter on the team is normally a real asset but it means competing ambitions. Trying to achieve two objectives means using energy on the flat stages to help with the sprints. I also wonder about the mental aspect and team work. Hopefully all will go well but in the past Cavendish and Wiggins have had their differences and a mistake on the road could reheat old concerns.
The unexpected
“Bradley has everything to win the Tour… but what's missing is that he hasn't had to meet many critical moments, the sort when you have to make up your mind on the road” says Marc Madiot of FDJ-BigMat. I think he's got a point here but Sky seem so calm about things that they're unlikely to panic. Wiggins's race strategy will probably involve allowing rivals to attack whilst he and his team keep things under control.
Those are the points listed by Le Quotidien but let's go a bit further. There are a few more things that could prove his undoing.
Weather
Wiggins is ultra lean and the change from hot weather to cold, especially rain, could get to him. During a stage the legs can seize up but longer term he'll feel the cold. All riders have low bodyfat so this is relative but it's another factor.
Alliances
In stage races in the past we've seen the media call on riders to form alliances to overturn another rider. But it rarely happens, riders have competing interests.
Team
Wiggins is strong but what if Porte, Froome or Rogers performs better? Will the team leadership change?
Misfortune
There's coping with changing strategies on the road and there are crashes that can put you our of the race. But all sorts of bad luck can strike in a race. A single bad meal can ruin everything; but the big teams bring their own chefs to help and food hygiene is as important as serving up carbohydrates. Talking of hygiene it is said Wiggins doesn't shake hands with people so he can avoid their germs. But so much more can happen, whether the benign like a dropped chain or a puncture all the way to a rogue Eurovisions car or some other freak event.
And…
All this is before we consider the most obvious explanation of how to beat Wiggins: ride faster. The points above touch on this but Wiggins is far from a certainty implied by the bookmakers. When he finished fourth in 2009 he was sixth in the final time trial, strong but not the best; in the Vuelta last year he was beaten by Tony Martin and Froome. So even his strong points aren't invincible. We'll see how he copes with the mountains and a three week race.
The route has been designed with the idea of forcing the climbers to attack to make up time they'll lose in the time trials. But if that's the idea, the execution of the plan is something else. First riders might be happy with a lesser place, especially since the UCI points can translate into big pay (14th place overall brings 20 points, as many as you get for a stage win) so they might prefer to avoid high risk long range moves. Second because these moves are sos obvious and even if riders can distance Wiggins mid-stage then Team Sky's obvious strength can limit the gains of any bold attacks. One opportunity instead might be to attack when people don't expect it; for example when there is a crosswind or to turn a transition stage into World War Three. But the probability of these moves happening, yet alone working, is low.
He's won week-long races this year but consistent riding in the world's biggest bike race is taking it to a new level.
How to use BTC with SolidTrust Pay
For those who don't know what bitcoin is, this excellent and highly simplified analogy from coindesk should answer every question you have about it — except how to actually get your hands on some! No worries, we're going to tell you how you can easily buy bitcoin, exchange bitcoin to USD, withdraw bitcoin to your bank, or accept it as a merchant with seamless exchanges directly into your SolidTrust Pay account!
Buying Bitcoin with SolidTrust Pay
Once you've set up an account and a bitcoin wallet, buying bitcoin with SolidTrust Pay is fast, easy, and highly secure. We've been around for over 10 years, and our dedicated support staff is always ready to lend a helping hand with any transaction or account issues, as well as to clarify anything you don't quite understand. In order to buy bitcoin with a SolidTrust Pay account, simply follow these steps:
Steps 1 – 4 will only need to be completed once, of course, and then you will be able to easily buy bitcoin with steps 5 – 7. Once your account is Standard Verified and connected to a wallet, you may withdraw up to $2500 per 24 hours from your STP account to your BTC wallet (the Bank Verified limit is $5000 per 24 hours).
Selling Bitcoin with SolidTrust Pay
Selling bitcoin is even easier with SolidTrust Pay than buying it! You only need to have your account Card Verified in order to deposit up to $250 (automatically converted to USD) from your bitcoin wallet to your SolidTrust Pay account per 24 hours. This will allow you to spend or transfer your funds online as you see fit, or make a withdrawal to your credit card in USD. The deposit limit for a Standard Verified Account is $500 per 24 hours, and Bank Verified accounts are limited to $1000 per 24 hours.
Getting Bitcoin from your Wallet to your Bank
One of the biggest challenges people often have is how to withdraw bitcoin from your wallet to your bank. Using the same steps above to connect your wallet to your SolidTrust Pay account, you simply need to go a step further and connect your Bank account to your SolidTrust Pay account. From here, all you need to do is go to the Money –> Deposit Funds area of your account and choose the Bitcoin option (bitcoin will be automatically converted into USD). Your funds may take up to 24 hours to appear in your account, at which time you will have the option to withdraw them directly into your bank.
Accepting Bitcoin as an Online Merchant
As an online merchant, likely chest-deep in all the responsibilities that come with running a business online, it can be hard to predict and adapt to trends in the market that aren't currently affecting your business. Luckily, adding the bitcoin option to your SolidTrust Pay button will give your customers the option to pay with bitcoin, which is then automatically converted into USD and placed in your merchant account — no bitcoin wallet required!
Once hyped as ‘the new Franck Ribéry', the 21-year-old swapped Bavaria for Oakwell and is healthier and happier for it
Dale Jennings is preparing to take his driving test next week. Passing would not only allow him to reserve a space in the players' car park at Oakwell, but also silence the teasing from certain Barnsley team-mates.
At 21, Jennings is quite old – at least for a footballer – to be without a licence but he has a good excuse. So good, indeed, that the jokey banter is underscored by a certain envy.
These days the left-winger is an integral part of Danny Wilson's attempt to win Barnsley an immediate return to the Championship. Rewind three years, though, and he was the 18-year-old Tranmere prodigy transplanted to Bavaria after being signed by Bayern Munich on the recommendation of their north-west-based former player, Dietmar Hamann.
Suddenly hyped as “the new Franck Ribéry”, Jennings found himself training alongside the original – learning an awful lot in the process. Quite apart from the trickiness inherent in switching from driving on the left-hand side of the road to the right, there was simply no time to continue the driving lessons he had begun on Merseyside.
Knee problems – most notably patellar tendinitis, also known as jumper's knee – ultimately dictated that he would vacate his Munich apartment two years later without having made a first-team appearance, but Jennings is immensely grateful for what he terms an “amazing, life-changing” experience.
“It was a great opportunity, I wouldn't change anything for the world,” he says. “It matured me, made me more disciplined. Germans are different, they're more disciplined than English footballers, especially in the way they play the game, and they're better technically. Training with Bavaria there was a lot more passing than I'd been used to, it was a different style. I learned a lot – it's made me a better team player.”
While some Bavaria names were a little dismissive towards the tongue-tied young man from Prenton Park, others could not have been more generous. “Philipp Lahm is a great player and a great person,” Jennings says, emphasising that Germany's World Cup-winning captain and right-back remains a particular role model. “He was really nice to me; going into that changing room, he made me feel very welcome.”
Jennings's progress with Bavaria's reserve side was regularly interrupted by injuries. His attendance at German lessons was regular but intelligent and willing as he clearly is, it gradually became clear that languages are not his forte. At one point he was trying so hard to overcome the communication barrier that Bayern's coaches felt his game was being adversely affected.
“I can speak some German,” Jennings says. “But in the end they told me to use English in training so I could focus on the football better.”
When, after two years, he had still not broken into the senior team and his girlfriend became pregnant with their first child, Jennings made a brave decision and requested a transfer back to England. “I needed to be playing regularly,” he says.
A £250,000 switch from Bavaria to Barnsley could easily have prompted an outbreak of reverse culture shock but he adapted without fuss. “Being here just feels normal,” he says. “I'm enjoying it.”
Which is not to say he has lost his ambition. Inspired by the countless hours of extra crossing and finishing practice undertaken daily by Ribéry and Arjen Robben after training, Jennings has developed a fierce work ethic he trusts will eventually propel him on to the Premier League stage.
Unfortunately such diligence failed to impress Barnsley's former manager David Flitcroft and the player found himself sidelined last autumn before being loaned to MK Dons. Jennings's career seemed on an inexorably downward trajectory until Karl Robinson, now MK Dons's manager but previously his schoolboy coach at Liverpool's academy, helped arrest the slide.
“Playing for Karl at MK Dons was very good for me, he understands how players think and he likes good passing,” says a deceptively resilient character who went from teenage rejection by Liverpool to winning the Football League's apprentice of the year at Tranmere. “Karl wanted my loan extended but Danny [Wilson] wasn't having any of it.”
Wilson returned to a struggling Barnsley last December and quickly rescued the exile from Flitcroft's deep freeze. Instructing him to “express yourself” the manager – who in 1997 had led the team into the Premier Leagueas Oakwell chorused “It's just like watching Brazil” – encouraged Jennings not to be shy about taking defenders on or attempting audacious shots.
“Danny works one-to-one with me on quite a lot of stuff,” he says. “We talk a lot, it's good. He wants to build a passing side. I'm enjoying my football and hopefully we'll get promoted.”
Happily, the patellar tendinitis which had become so pronounced that Bavaria checked him into Austria's leading sports injuries clinic, is under control. “I have to spend quite a lot of time with the physio though,” he adds. “We're working on strengthening the knee.”
Jennings is not only healthier but happier since swapping Bavaria for Barnsley. “I live in the town, not too far from the ground,” he says. “It's a great place; I like it here.
When it launched in 1987, the Arena Football League had four teams.
The last time the AFL played a season with six or fewer clubs was 1990, when its schedule, then only eight games, revolved around six teams.
The AFL's addition of a Baltimore franchise last month upped its team count to five, which, barring any more changes, would be its lowest for a season since 1989, when the league played with five clubs in Year 3.
That's perfectly fine, Arena league commissioner Scott Butera told us in a recent phone conversation.
"If we just had to go with what we have, we'd be OK with that," Butera said. "We are completely out of the mode of what do we have to do to be OK tomorrow? We don't want to sit here and say we have to add two teams to have a better process in 2017. We're going to get the right people, no matter how long it takes.
"We don't care," Butera continued. "We'll play with five, we'll play with six. We'd obviously like to get to 12 to 16 teams in the next few years. We're working furiously toward that goal. This league has suffered in the past from starts and stops. We'd get an owner and the next year he's done. That doesn't help the league. You can't develop your league that way. We need people 100% committed to the long term. We don't want them to fail."
That's happened far too often for the AFL over the years.
Since the end of the 2016 season — which was played with eight teams, the AFL's lowest team count in 25 years — five teams have folded operations or moved to another league. The Jacksonville Sharks joined the National Arena League, which will play its first season in 2017. The Arizona Rattlers are now part of the Indoor Football League, and the Orlando Predators, Portland Steel and Los Angeles Kiss shut down.
The massive fallout caused many observers, including us, to question the league's future.
But Butera, who became the league's seventh commissioner in September 2014, said the turnover is part of the league's plan to build around experienced, well-heeled owners whose AFL team can play in an arena in which another major sports team already resides. The Cleveland Gladiators — owned by Dan Gilbert and a popular weekend attraction at Quicken Loans Arena — are the league's model franchise.
"Everything has sort of been by design," Butera said. "We and the better owners always wanted this to be a really well-run, excellent sports league. We had a number of owners, and obviously we're fortunate in Cleveland to have a really strong one, who can make that happen and share that vision. And we had others that didn't.
"We essentially turned around years and years of mismanagement," Butera added. "Major restructurings take a great deal of time. A lot of damage was done that had to be unwound. We thought it was important to keep the product showing well while we fixed the other issues. We always had excellent football, we just have not had excellent management. We said, 'Let's get through the year, we had an outstanding season and Arena Bowl, and use that as a launching pad to do what we want to do.' "
Since the five teams left or folded, the AFL has added two teams — Baltimore and Washington — backed by billionaire Ted Leonsis, whose Monumental Sports & Entertainment owns the Washington Capitals, Washington Wizards, Washington Mystics and the Verizon Center. In an interview with the Baltimore Sun, Leonsis said his group's financial strength makes it much easier to undertake what he admitted could be the "crazy idea" of owning an AFL team during uncertain times.
"None of the owners who left owned a building or owned other sports teams in which they could leverage that infrastructure," Leonsis told the newspaper, in reference to his AFL clubs having ticket sales, marketing and game-day operations teams already in place.
That's precisely what Butera is trying to do. The question is whether the AFL can find enough owners who fit the mold of Gilbert and Leonsis.
"When the season ended, we started negotiating to get out the folks who didn't reflect that (model)," Butera said. "We consolidated around the core group and will use that as a platform for growth. It might look like a little bit of a step back, but watch how it accelerates our growth. In discussions we've had (with potential owners), people weren't so sure (because of previous ownership problems). Now we don't have that. We have people working toward that goal."
In October, a Cavs source told us it was "business as usual" for the Gladiators. The franchise hasn't revealed much else since, though it does remain committed to the AFL.
Under the AFL's ownership model, when owners don't pay their bills, the costs get passed on to the other members of the league.
"That's a problem," Butera said. "That's why you can't deal with that (happening). That's a huge problem. You gotta support the league. If somebody bails on you, you gotta pick up the tab. That's a hard pill to swallow."
It's one that might make potential owners leery. That's why the addition of Leonsis is so crucial. His ownership group has a subscription-based network, Monumental Sports Network, that will broadcast the Baltimore and Washington AFL games online. Leonsis said he is banking on regional rivalries generating more interest.
Butera told us the 2017 season will start in April, and the schedule "will look very similar," with one exception.
"You'll have teams playing each other a bit more," he said. "We'll develop some rivalries."
The AFL schedule expanded to 16 games in 2003. From 2011-15, the league played 18 contests in the regular season.
Last season, the AFL reduced its slate to 16 games.
If the league played with only five teams in 2016, a 16-game schedule would mean playing each team four times — plus create obvious complications because of the odd number of clubs.
Still, the AFL will get everything sorted out, Butera insists.
"We'll call it a reset here," the AFL commissioner said. "We're doing things in a very fundamentally sound way. We've done a lot of things internally to really professionalize the operation. It feels great. It's kind of like we're getting off a treadmill. It's boom, boom, rapid fire. I think the attitude toward the AFL externally has changed quite a bit. There are a lot of inbound inquiries. It's good to see there's good momentum. The other thing is with a few less teams, we're going to have some excellent football. There will be a lot of talent."
Asked about an arena football market that, with the 10-team IFL and the eight-team NAL, looks crowded all of a sudden, Butera compared the difference between the AFL and its competition to that of national and local restaurants.
"I think those are different models," he said. "I think those are for smaller cities that want to field a professional or quasi-professional team. I don't think those are models that are really leading toward franchise values or big media. The answer is yes, we can definitely exist the way local restaurants can exist with national restaurant chains. There's a home for both."
The NAL is mostly made up of teams in smaller markets. The same goes for the IFL, which is littered with former Arena league franchises. The Rattlers have joined the Iowa Barnstormers (who left the AFL after the 2014 season), the Spokane Empire (formerly the AFL's Shock), the Colorado Crush (an AFL team until 2008), the Salt Lake Screaming Eagles (the AFL's Utah Blaze folded after the 2013 campaign) and the Green Bay Blizzard (an Arena2 team prior to joining the IFL in 2010).
Is there enough arena football interest to go around? We'll find out soon enough.
For the time being, Butera says the AFL is trying to add more owners, but what's more important is the ones who are on board now are exactly what the league needs to be successful long-term.
"I hope there will be others," Butera said. "I'm not going to obviously say anything until things are done and owners are committed. If it's just that (the current five-team setup), that's a pretty darn good group. My attitude is you gotta look at who stayed and who left. That's where the answer lies. If it were the other way around, it would be, 'Houston we have a problem.' You can't ask for better ownership than what we have."
You also can't have a five-team professional sports league and thrive. Butera knows that.
He compared the AFL's current situation to Major League Soccer, which started play in 1996, but had some early difficulties.
"They consolidated around the (Lamar) Hunt family and AEG, and had a small core group of owners," Butera said. "There were some league-owned teams at the time. They built it into the league it is today based on that formula. We said, 'We like that idea. Let's do that.' So that's what we did."
The AFL commissioner said the recent departures "were all fairly friendly."
He added that "the folks who left knew it was a different strategy. Some went to other leagues that allowed them to continue to play, with less dependence for capital and resources, if you will. They were all cities we really liked. Now we're just full bore in adding to this league. What you saw in Baltimore was really the tip of the iceberg."
Butera had made bold proclamations in the past. Prior to the 2016 season, when the league downsized from 12 to eight teams, he told us the AFL would "probably add two to six (teams) in the following year."
Technically, the AFL has added two teams, but that still leaves it three clubs short of its 2016 total.
"Look, I think we are stronger than ever," Butera said. "I know the history of this league pretty well. The league is in the best shape for growth. It might not look that way to the naked eye, but you gotta look at the quality, not the quantity. Look at our ownership group and the ownership groups from the days that went by. Fraud, shell corporations, we've had it all. The integrity of this game, which has always been a bit of an issue, has never been more rock solid. If you don't just sort of rip the Band-Aid off, if you want to be great, you can't be accepting. You gotta get back to the fundamentals. That's what we've done."
The Band-Aid was discarded rather abruptly.
It's too soon to know, however, if the wounds are going to heal.
You can follow me on Twitter for sports information and analysis, and you can follow the AFL for proof that the Philadelphia Soul and other clubs are looking forward to 2017.
Oscar-Winning Director Of Snowden Documentary Trying To Find Out Why She's Been Detained At Airports So Much
Laura Poitras recently won the Academy Award for CITIZENFOUR, her documentary on NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden, but the director claims that she's long been hassled by U.S. federal authorities for years, resulting in multiple unmerited airport detentions. Now she's suing the government to find out exactly why.
Poitras, represented by the Electronic Frontier Foundation, filed Freedom Of Information Act [FOIA] complaint [PDF] in federal court against the Dept. of Homeland Security, the Justice Department, and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, “seeking the disclosure and release of agency records improperly withheld” from the filmmaker by these agencies and affiliated sub-agencies like U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Citizenship and Immigration Services, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Transportation Security Administration, and the FBI.
Poitras says that during the six-year period from 2006 to 2012, she was searched, questioned, and subjected to hours-long security screenings at U.S. and overseas airports on more than 50 occasions — every time she entered the country.
The lawsuit says the harassment began in the summer of 2006, when airline agents were compelled to call Homeland Security before issuing Poitras a boarding pass. Following that incident, her boarding passes were all marked “SSSS,” and she claims she was subjected to increased security.
Among the incidents in the timeline given in the complaint:
• July 2006: Poitras arrived at Newark International on a flight from Israel and was met at the gate (not at the customs checkpoint) by Customs officials who subsequently detained her for two hours of questioning.
• August 2006: Poitras was en route from Sarajevo to New York City, but during her transfer in Vienna, Austria, she was paged by airport security. She says she was then taken in a van to a separate inspection location where all her bags were searched. The head of airport security allegedly told Poitras that her “Threat Score” was 400 out of 400 points, but ultimately allowed her to continue on to NYC. When she landed at JFK International, Customs agents again met her at the gate and detained her for hours before allowing her to enter the country.
• December 2006: After landing at JFK on a flight from Dubai, Poitras says she was again detained by Customs agents. This time, she was told she had a criminal record, but Poitras says she's never been arrested.
• May 2007: Customs officials met her at the gate at JFK following her flight from Yemen. The CBP didn't just detain and question her, but allegedly photocopied all of her reporters' notebooks, receipts, and business cards.
• February 2010: While trying to depart JFK for Berlin, airport security told Poitras that she had been put on a “No Fly” list by the FBI's Terrorist Screening Center. Days later, while trying to return from Berlin, she was once again told that she was on one of these lists.
• August 2010: Another flight from Yemen to New York. This time, when she arrives at JFK, Poitras says her laptop, video camera, footage, and cellphone were taken by border agents and held for 41 days.
The detentions did not end, contends the complaint, until after Glenn Greenwald wrote about Poitras's ordeal on Salon.com in April 2012.
Poitras attempted to get some answers about why she'd been targeted, filing FOIA requests with the various agencies in 2014.
In response, the agencies claim they either don't have the requested records or simply not responded, in violation of the terms of FOIA. The FBI recently told her that it had only located a total of six pages relevant to her request, and that it was withholding all six of those pages due to grand jury secrecy rules.
“I'm filing this lawsuit because the government uses the U.S. border to bypass the rule of law,” explains Poitras in a statement. “This simply should not be tolerated in a democracy. I am also filing this suit in support of the countless other less high-profile people who have also been subjected to years of Kafkaesque harassment at the borders. We have a right to know how this system works and why we are targeted.”
“The government used its power to detain people at airports, in the name of national security, to target a journalist whose work has focused on the effects of the U.S. war on terror,” said David Sobel, EFF senior counsel. “In refusing to respond to Poitras' FOIA requests and wrongfully withholding the documents about her it has located, the government is flouting its responsibility to explain and defend why it subjected a law-abiding citizen—whose work has shone a light on post-9/11 military and intelligence activities—to interrogations and searches every time she entered her country.”
Version 0.11.1c
Fixed a bug introduced in 0.11.1 where magic/rare/unique monsters did too much damage.
The Demon King Horns microtransaction effect now fully replaces the existing helmet art of the character.
The unique item Tipua Kaikohuru has had its name changed to The Goddess Bound. Hellbringer has been changed to Voidbringer. Old items will still have the old name, while new ones that drop will have the new one.
Fixed a bug with the Energy Shield depletion sound repeating when degenerating and regenerating simultaneously.
Volume adjustments have made to Energy Shield sounds based on community feedback.
Fix a bug where Shield Charge Multistrike hits after the first did no damage.
Note: The challenge for Tipua Kaikohuru/The Goddess Bound will still list the old name, but will work with the item with either name. Note: The challenge for Tipua Kaikohuru/The Goddess Bound will still list the old name, but will work with the item with either name.
Posted by Qarl
on Grinding Gear Games on
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — What if a club drug, known for giving users a feeling of euphoria and trust, could do more than give users an illegal high?
New research suggests that ecstasy could be used as a possible treatment for Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, CBS 2's Kristine Johnson reported Wednesday.
“I would get very extreme stabbing sensations in my body, and then, you know, like fixed visuals, like being, for instance, raped,” Rachel Hope said, recalling her abusive childhood.
Hope said she tried everything to ease the mental trauma, but nothing was working.
“I tried EMDR, rapid eye movement therapy, hypnosis, Gestalt, yell it out, scream it out, nothing worked,” she said.
Searching for a solution, Hope tried a form of treatment that combines intense psychotherapy with MDMA, or ecstasy.
“Sometimes people did have a very positive affirming experience, but a lot of the time it was revisiting the trauma. It was a painful difficult experience. But the MDMA experience seemed to make it possible for them to do it effectively,” explained Dr. Michael Mithoefer.
Within weeks most of Hope's symptoms had disappeared. Other patients who were treated with MDMA said that they felt even better in the long run, according to a recently published study.
Experts told CBS 2 that the drug could be responsible for helping PTSD sufferers deal with troubling feelings.
“People who've been through something awful are stunned by it. They have trouble dealing with their feelings,” explained Dr John Markowitz.
PTSD is common among returning veterans, and experts say the need for treatment is significant.
“Among troops coming home from the Middle East, the numbers may be as high as 20 percent, so there is a great need for treatment,” Dr. Markowitz said.
A new study on ecstasy could offer hope to veterans and first responders.
“It does have a direct neurotoxic effect on the brain. So it does damage nervous tissue in the brain for a long, long time, perhaps permanently. On the other hand it has significant addictive potential,” Dr. Petros Levounis explained.
More research is needed to determine if the benefits of using ecstasy outweigh the side effects, Dr. Levounis said.
“If ecstasy is going to be helpful this is exactly the kind of situation where I would expect it to be helpful,” he said.
The Veterans Administration told CBS 2 that it would not involve veterans in the use of any illegal drug, including ecstasy.
How do you feel about the use of illegal drugs to treat serious medical problems? Let us know in our comments section below…
Is animus toward President Donald Trump a prerequisite for landing a job with special counsel Robert Mueller ? Recent revelations in Washington also raise again the question of what former President Barack Obama knew about the decisions of his FBI Director James Comey to exonerate Hillary Clinton and investigate Mr. Trump in 2016.
The Wall Street Journal reports
A top FBI agent and an FBI lawyer, who were involved in the investigation into Hillary Clinton's email arrangement and the probe into Russian electoral meddling, exchanged texts disparaging then-candidate Donald Trump, including calling him an “idiot” and a “menace,” according to copies of the messages the Justice Department provided Congress.
Peter Strzok, 47 years old, was one of the highest-ranking agents at the Federal Bureau of Investigation. He was removed from his post with special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation of Russian meddling this past summer after a Justice Department watchdog launched an inquiry into the texts.
The messages between Mr. Strzok and FBI lawyer Lisa Page include one in which Ms. Page tells him in August 2016: “Maybe you're meant to stay where you are because you're meant to protect the country from that menace.”
The New York Times reports on another 2016 text:
On July 27, Ms. Page wrote, “She just has to win now. I'm not going to lie, I got a flash of nervousness yesterday about Trump.” That text message was sent after the Clinton investigation had been closed. Days later, the F.B.I. began investigating possible coordination between Russian officials and the Trump campaign.
Recently the Journal's Kim Strassel noted the stone wall against congressional oversight that has been constructed by Mr. Mueller, his Department of Justice colleagues, and Mr. Mueller's deputies, many of whom have demonstrated their political opposition to the President.
Is there really no way to run a special counsel's office or a federal law enforcement agency without appointing liberal political activists—or at least people with close ties to the President's adversaries—to senior roles? Fox News reports
A co-founder of the opposition research firm Fusion GPS acknowledged in a new court document that his company hired the wife of a senior Justice Department official to help investigate then-candidate Donald Trump last year.
The confirmation from Glenn Simpson came in a signed declaration filed in U.S. District Court in Washington, D.C., and provided a fuller picture of the nature of Nellie Ohr's work – after Fox News first reported on her connection to Fusion GPS.
Her husband, Bruce Ohr, was demoted at the DOJ last week for concealing his meetings with the same company, which commissioned the anti-Trump “dossier” containing salacious allegations about the now-president.
The question of whether a powerful federal agency was politicized is not limited to the Department of Justice. This week Politico published an interview with former CIA Acting Director Michael Morell in which he reconsiders his 2016 decision to break tradition among intelligence community alums and endorse Hillary Clinton. According to Politico:
Morell acknowledges that he and other spy-world critics of the president failed to fully “think through” the negative backlash generated by their going political. “There was a significant downside,” Morell said in the interview.
Mr. Trump does not have to be paranoid to believe that the indigenous creatures of the Beltway swamp are out to get him. A number of them have put it in writing. This column can only imagine what the two political lawyers Ms. Page and Mr. Strzok said about Mr. Trump when they weren't creating electronic records of their conversations.
Glenn Reynolds is wondering what if any role the two may have had in turning the surveillance powers of the federal government against the campaign of the man they loathed. Mr. Reynolds is particularly interested in requests made to the federal Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. He writes on his Instapundit website:
SO I JUST HAD AN INTERESTING EMAIL EXCHANGE WITH THE SPECIAL COUNSEL'S PRESS OFFICE:
Me: I'm hearing from a source that Lisa Page was involved in approving Peter Strzok's warrant requests to the FISC and possibly elsewhere. Can you confirm or deny if this was the case? And please tell me what her job title and function are in your office. Thanks.
Them (via spokesman Joshua Stueve): Lisa Page, who was an attorney on detail to the Special Counsel's office, returned to the FBI's Office of the General Counsel in mid-July.
Me again: Thank you but that doesn't answer my question. What role did Lisa Page have in the handling of warrant applications, and in particular those involving Peter Strzok?
Them again: I'll decline to comment further.
Mr. Trump's lawyers want a new special counsel to investigate the investigators. The better path is the constitutional one. The existing special counsel should resign, given numerous documented conflicts of interest, and let the President direct federal law enforcement as the law demands. If voters don't like his execution of the laws, they can fire him and hire a replacement in 2020.
In the meantime, law enforcement working for the duly-elected leadership of the country should examine how our government came to direct the surveillance powers of the United States against the party out of power.
***
Bottom Stories of the Day
Barack's ‘Brother'
“ Joe Biden tells Chicago audience ‘those memes are basically true',” Chicago Tribune, “ Joe Biden tells Chicago audience ‘those memes are basically true',” Chicago Tribune, Dec. 12
News of the Tautological
“Bitcoin vs history's biggest bubbles: They never end well,” CNN, “Bitcoin vs history's biggest bubbles: They never end well,” CNN, Dec. 8
So Much for the War on Drugs
“Supreme Court Deals Blow to DACA Defenders,” Newser, “Supreme Court Deals Blow to DACA Defenders,” Newser, Dec. 9
But He Still Wants Credit for the Trump Economy
“Barack Obama accused of comparing Donald Trump with Hitler,” The Telegraph, “Barack Obama accused of comparing Donald Trump with Hitler,” The Telegraph, Dec. 8
***
Roy-ku
Go to the mirror;
See your crimson face in time,
Lest an azure tide.
-- Myles C. Pollin
***
To suggest items, please email best@wsj.com
(Carol Muller helps compile Best of the Web. Thanks to Michele Schiesser, Terry McGeever, Wes Van Fleet, Brent Burkholder, Mark Finkelstein and Tony Lima.)
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. – With eight points needed to get into the USL Cup Playoffs the Tampa Bay Rowdies get back in action on Saturday night, taking on the Charlotte Independence in a crucial match for their hopes of a top-four finish in the USL Eastern Conference. Despite reaching the final six matches of the season well in range of a place in the USL Cup Playoffs, the Rowdies are keeping their focus on the short term.
“Obviously we need eight points, but we just focus on the next game here. We don't get too far ahead of ourselves,” said Rowdies forward Martin Patterson. “This is a tough game on Saturday, and we just look at the three points to win on Saturday, that's all we can do. It would be a mistake to overlook anything, or to look past this one game.”
The Rowdies have at least one game in hand on each of the four teams above them in the USL Eastern Conference, which Head Coach Stuart Campbell believes gives them an advantage.
“We're looking at it from a positive manner, it'd be great to have been playing Saturday-Saturday, but due to unforseen circumstances, things we couldn't control, like the hurricane it wasn't a viable option for us,” said Campbell. “We had to prioritize things. We know what's required, and we're not getting too ahead of ourselves regarding three, four, five, games down the line. We're solely focused on Charlotte, which should be a good game.”
NIN Live: 1995
October 28, 1995, Inglewood, CA, The Great Western Forum
Setlist
Terrible Lie
March of the Pigs
The Becoming
Sanctified
Piggy (Nothing Can Stop Me Now)
Burn
Closer to God
Wish
Gave Up
Down In It
Eraser
Subterraneans
Scary Monsters
Reptile
Hallo Spaceboy
Hurt
Show Memorabilia
Known Recordings
Source 1: Audio - AUD (Sony TCD-D7 + Sony ECM-737)
Taper: ijwthstd
Time: 80 minutes
Rating: 4.5 out of 5
Hear a Sample: Closer to God, 2 minutes
Download the Full Show: .zip file FLAC, 457.5 MB
Added to Archive: December 03rd, 2010
Comments:
Another great recording from ijwthstd. Recorded from the floor right in front of King Buzzo from the Melvins. Right after "Hurt" someone spotted iswthstd with the big 737 mic and told him to stop recording or he would get kicked. So he left the floor and went up into the risers. This recording is highlighted on RITC's NIN Recording of the Week.
Source 2: Audio - AUD (Sony ECM-939 Stereo Microphone + Sony Walkman D6C)
Taper: Keith M via JEMS
Time: 147 minutes (+Bowie)
Rating: 4.5 out of 5
Hear a Sample: Closer to God, 2 minutes
Download the Full Show: .zip file FLAC, 995.5 MB
Added to Archive: February 11th, 2019
Comments:
JEMSHQ reached out to me about a Nine Inch Nails/David Bowie recording I have not seen. There is one other source I know about from this date, so it is very exciting to see another recording from the JEMS archive of NIN (and Bowie) as they are known for their quality of recordings. This one is no exception. A very good, clear recording of the end of the Outside Tour. Very thankful for the JEMS crew reaching out to share this one with the archive. Always amazing to see tapes be unearthed after 20+ years of being unplayed!
After looking at 36 wonderful examples of Logos With Hidden Symbolism, it's time to see the world's worst logo design fails.
Although marketers say that a good logo design should immediately catch the viewer's eye, however, if you did manage to grab everyones attention – that doesn't necessary mean you are doing good. There is probably just some nasty hidden message seen only when you rotate your logo. Remember, always look twice, and one more time upside down!
Read more
1. Catholic Church's Archdiocesan Youth Commission
This is an actual logo designed in 1973 for the Catholic Church's Archdiocesan Youth Commission. It even won an award from the Art Directors Club of Los Angeles.
2. Zune Logo Backwards
No, really, there's nothing wrong with this one. (zune.net)
3. Dodge Viper Logo: Daffy Duck
Viewed upside down, it looks like Daffy Duck. Not so scary after all.
4. The Texas Longhorns
Pretty self explanatory.
5. A-Style Logo
The double-meaning in this one was actually intentional. So, it's probably more a WIN than a fail.
6. Office of Government Commerce
The Office of Government Commerce (OGC) is an independent Office of the Treasury. Sometimes you need to shift your view to realize the error. www.ogc.gov.uk
7. Mont-Sat
And you wonder why Mr. Satellite looks so happy? www.mont-sat.pl
8. Sat An
Satattelite and Antenna systems. Another masterpiece from a satellite company.
9. Arlington Pediatric Center
Just checked their website, and apparently they have changed their logo to something more pleasing. It's no longer a pedophilic center. Now it has something to do with crabs (look attentively at letter C). FAIL again or is it their marketing strategy? www.arlpedcen.org
10. Pepsi
While all this might look like a joke, it gets even funnier when you look at the Pepsi Max logo. (Lawrence Yang)
You'll never look at the Pepsi logo the same again.
11. Clinica Dental
12. Computer Doctors
13. Locum
Locum, a Swedish property management company, used this special edition of their logo during Christmas.
14. CatWear
15. Institute Of Oriental Studies
Yes, it's just a house under a rising sun..
16. TGV Logo: Snail
Flip it upside down and you'll get a snail. By the way, TGV is France's high-speed rail service, and “TGV” is an abbreviation for “Train à Grande Vitesse”, meaning high-speed train in French[1].
17. Kudawara Pharmacy
18. Kidsexchange
19. Junior Jazz Dance Classes
You have to have a really malicious mind to see this one.
20. Olympic Logo of London 2012
Designed by Wolff Olins at an expenditure of almost $800,000[1].
The Annual Computer Poker Competition will be held again in 2017, during the month of January. Martin Schmid will be the incoming chair of the competition for this year and Kevin Waugh will be returning as the outgoing chair. This time, only the heads-up (two player) no-limit Texas Hold'em competition will be held.
The plan is to use Amazon EC2 instances again this year, with a final submission deadline of Friday January 13, 2017. Note that these machines are quite a bit less powerful than many desktop machines, so if computing resources are a significant issue for you, please check that this is adequate. We have increased the maximum submission size to 250 GB this year. The remaining technical specifications remain the same as last year. See http://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/ for details on Amazon instance types. It is possible to get access to a smaller testing instance through Amazon for free by creating an EC2 account, and all competitors will get access to a full sized competition machine for final testing at least one week prior to the final submission deadline.
Any individuals or teams that wish to participate should send an email by December 1, 2016 to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. expressing their interest. If you require any special software - anything that is not installed by default on an Amazon EC2 instance - please let us know by December 1, so we can try to make sure your requirements are met. Your expression of interest email is not a formal commitment, but lets us plan for the time and resources required to run the competition.
Update Mar 29 2017
The latest instructions can be found at The DAO Refunds.
Notes
This Withdrawal contract only allows the conversion of The DAO tokens (DAO) into ethers (ETH) at the rate of 100 DAOs = 1 ETH.
The way the Withdrawal contract has been coded means that you HAVE to approve the transfer of ALL DAOs in your account, as the Withdrawal contract will only transfer ALL of your DAOs in the one go. If you do not approve all of your DAOs to be transferred, the withdrawal() function will throw an error, consuming all the gas specified with the transaction.
function will throw an error, consuming all the gas specified with the transaction. Anyone who bought DAOs in the last two weeks of The DAO crowdfunding phase paid more than 1 ETH per 100 DAOs. The amount in excess of 1 ETH per 100 DAOs was stored in The DAO's extraBalance account. The balance of the extraBalance account has now been transferred into the curator's multisig wallet. There is a separate process for purchasers who paid more than 1 ETH per 100 DAOs to get refunded the extra amount paid (over the 1 ETH per 100 DAOs). This process is not covered in this answer, but rest assured that the developers are trying their best to fairly distribute the excess funds back to the original DAO buyers. See How do I get a refund for the amount I paid in excess of 1 ether to 100 The DAO tokens which will be updated when further details are announced.
If you have executed a legitimate split from The DAO, your DAO balance has been moved to the child DAO and your DAO balance in The DAO is zeroed. As your DAO balance in The DAO is zero, you will not be able to convert your DAOs to ETHs using the procedure in this Q&A. See How do I get a refund for my The DAO tokens that was split into a child DAO? as you will need to contact TheDAOCurator for them to arrange for your refund.
Wait for some time after the hard fork before attempting to convert your DAOs into ETHs. There is no deadline for the withdrawals. The safest thing to do is wait.
Update 06:33 Oct 26 2016 Some DAO -> ETH transactions are failing due to rounding errors. See Why Are My The DAO To ETH Refunds Failing?.
Withdrawal Method 1 - MyEtherWallet
Go to http://www.myetherwallet.com/#the-dao Upload / Paste your Keystore file / Private Key to access your wallet. Press big red button. Confirm that you are sure you want to withdraw. Wait a couple seconds and 2 transaction links will appear. Wait about 30 more seconds and check the balance of your account on Etherscan. You should have more ETH and 0 DAO. I (@tayvano) confirmed it worked @ 6:43AM PDT using the MyEtherWallet donation account: http://etherscan.io/address/0x7cb57b5a97eabe94205c07890be4c1ad31e486a8
Withdrawal Method 2 - Ethereum Wallet
The (circularly referenced) article How to use the Withdraw Contract with Mist by Griff Green provides a step-by-step screen printed guide similar to the instructions below.
Make sure that you have downloaded Ethereum Wallet 0.8.1 or later.
The first time you start Ethereum Wallet 0.8.1, select "Yes" to the question "Do you want to activate the chain in which funds linked to the exploit are restored to a contract where they can be withdrawn by The DAO token holders?". You have now made the choice to use the hard-forked Ethereum chain.
If Ethereum Wallet is freezing, see UPDATE 23 Jul 2016 in How to remove The DAO contract from Ethereum Wallet (Mist) watch list as it is freezing?.
If you have not already added a watch on The DAO contract, see The DAO - How to add and watch the DAO contract. This step will give you access to approve the transfer of DAOs to the Withdrawal contract.
If you cannot find the Approval function as required below, reload the JSON interface for The DAO contract using the steps immediately above. If you have trouble using the Ethereum Wallet with a freezing display, try removing The DAO contract from the Ethereum Wallet (How to remove The DAO contract from Ethereum Wallet (Mist) watch list as it is freezing?), then watch The DAO contract again.
Add a watch on The DAO Withdrawal contract. Use the same procedure as in the link directly above, but set:
Contract Name: The DAO Withdrawal
Contract Address: 0xbf4ed7b27f1d666546e30d74d50d173d20bca754
JSON Interface: [{"constant":false,"inputs":[],"name":"trusteeWithdraw","outputs":[],"type":"function"},{"constant":false,"inputs":[],"name":"withdraw","outputs":[],"type":"function"},{"constant":true,"inputs":[],"name":"mainDAO","outputs":[{"name":"","type":"address"}],"type":"function"},{"constant":true,"inputs":[],"name":"trustee","outputs":[{"name":"","type":"address"}],"type":"function"}]
23:47 20/07/2016 AEST - I have confirmed that the process below using the Ethereum Wallet works
Approve The Transfer Of Your DAOs To The Withdrawal Contract
Get the account address from which you want to convert your DAOs into ETHs Under the Wallet menu, select the account from which you want to convert DAOs into ETH.
Double-click on the account address and copy the address into your clipboard using Control-C in Linux or Windows, or Command-C on a MacBook. Get the balance of the account from which you want to convert your DAOs into ETHs In the Contract menu, select The DAO contract.
Scroll down to the Balance of function under the Read From Contract column on the left.
function under the Read From Contract column on the left. Paste the address in your clipboard into the owner-address field.
field. Double-click on the Balance displayed and copy the balance into your clipboard using Control-C in Linux or Windows, or Command-C on a MacBook. Approve the transfer of your account's DAO balance to the Withdrawal contract address In the Contract menu, select The DAO contract.
Under to Write To Contract column on the right, select the Approval function.
function. Paste the balance from your clipboard into the amount-256 bits unsigned integer field using Control-V in Linux or Windows, or Command-V on a MacBook.
field using Control-V in Linux or Windows, or Command-V on a MacBook. Enter the Withdrawal contract address 0xbf4ed7b27f1d666546e30d74d50d173d20bca754 in the spender-address field.
in the field. Under to Execute from field, select the account from which you want to convert your DAOs into ETHs.
field, select the account from which you want to convert your DAOs into ETHs. Leave the Send ETHER field as 0.
field as 0. Click on Execute and enter your account password.
You should get a transaction confirmation message.
Execute The Withdrawal Contract Function
Withdraw ETH from the Withdrawal contract In the Contract menu, select The DAO Withdrawal contract
Under to Write To Contract column on the right, select the Withdrawal function.
function. Under to Execute from field, select the account from which you want to convert your DAOs into ETHs.
field, select the account from which you want to convert your DAOs into ETHs. Click on Execute and enter your account password.
You should get a transaction confirmation message.
Wait a short while and your ether balance should update. If not, restart Ethereum Wallet.
Withdrawal Method 3 - geth
Make sure that you are running geth version 1.4.10 or later. And run your geth commands with the --support-dao-fork option so that you are on the hard-forked blockchain. For example:
geth --support-dao-fork console
The --support-dao-fork setting is persisted between separate executions of geth , so you only have to specify this parameter once.
Confirm your geth version using
user@Kumquat:~$ geth version: 1.4.10-stable Protocol Versions: [63 62] Network Id: 1 Go Version: go1.5.1 OS: linux
Here is the process using geth to convert your DAOs into ETHs for your account {x} .
00:14 21/07/2016 AEST - I have confirmed that the process below using geth works
geth --support-dao-fork --unlock {your account} console ... Unlocking account {your account} Passhrase: {enter your passphrase} // Allow your blockchain to sync > var account = "{your account}"; undefined > var theDAOAddress = "0xBB9bc244D798123fDe783fCc1C72d3Bb8C189413"; undefined > var theDAOWithdrawalAddress = "0xbf4ed7b27f1d666546e30d74d50d173d20bca754"; undefined > var theDAOABIFragment = [{"constant":false,"inputs":[{"name":"_spender","type":"address"},{"name":"_amount","type":"uint256"}],"name":"approve","outputs":[{"name":"success","type":"bool"}],"type":"function"}, {"constant":true,"inputs":[{"name":"_owner","type":"address"}],"name":"balanceOf","outputs":[{"name":"balance","type":"uint256"}],"type":"function"}]; undefined > var theDAO = web3.eth.contract(theDAOABIFragment).at(theDAOAddress); undefined > var approve = theDAO.approve(theDAOWithdrawalAddress, theDAO.balanceOf(account), {from: account}); undefined > eth.getTransaction(approve); // Repeat the command above until you see that blockNumber is not null // Wait a few blocks (~ 15 seconds each) for your approval transaction to get mined > var theDAOWithdrawalABIFragment = [{"constant":false,"inputs":[],"name":"withdraw","outputs":[],"type":"function"}]; undefined > var theDAOWithdrawal = web3.eth.contract(theDAOWithdrawalABIFragment).at(theDAOWithdrawalAddress); undefined > var withdrawal = theDAOWithdrawal.withdraw({from: account}); undefined > eth.getTransaction(withdrawal); // Repeat the command above until you see that blockNumber is not null // Wait a few blocks (~15 second each) and check your new account balance web3.fromWei(eth.getBalance(account), "ether") 11.023456789012345678
Withdrawal Method 4 - Ethereum Wallet In Mist Browser Mode
Make sure that you have downloaded Ethereum Wallet 0.8.1 or later.
The first time you start Ethereum Wallet 0.8.1, select "Yes" to the question "Do you want to activate the chain in which funds linked to the exploit are restored to a contract where they can be withdrawn by The DAO token holders?". You have now made the choice to use the hard-forked Ethereum chain. Exit from Ethereum Wallet.
Now run the Ethereum Wallet in the Mist browser mode using the following command from the subdirectory you installed the software in:
In Linux & the MacBook ./Ethereum-Wallet --mode mist &
In Windows Ethereum-Wallet --mode mist
(Alternatively, you can download the Mist browser directly - see @johnmardlin answer below).
Then:
Make sure you've selected only the account which you used to purchase "The DAO" tokens. In Mist browse to https://slacknation.github.io/medium/12/12.html Click on "Approve", wait for one block Click on "Refund", wait for one block
(Added Method 4 as requested by @slacknation in https://www.reddit.com/r/ethereum/comments/4tx13d/how_do_i_withdraw_dao_tokens_eth_after_hf_update/)
Withdrawal Process Explanation
There is a two step process to convert your DAOs into ETHs.
a) Approve The Transfer Of DAOs From The DAO To The Withdrawal Contract
The first step is to approve the transfer of DAOs from The DAO into the Withdrawal contract. This is done by calling The DAO's approve(...) function, listed below:
From The DAO's source code, here is the TokenInterface.approve() function definition:
/// @notice `msg.sender` approves `_spender` to spend `_amount` tokens on /// its behalf /// @param _spender The address of the account able to transfer the tokens /// @param _amount The amount of tokens to be approved for transfer /// @return Whether the approval was successful or not function approve(address _spender, uint256 _amount) returns (bool success);
Here is the Token.approve(...) function that implements the function defined above:
function approve(address _spender, uint256 _amount) returns (bool success) { allowed[msg.sender][_spender] = _amount; Approval(msg.sender, _spender, _amount); return true; }
Once you have called The DAO's approve(...) function, you have created an approval for the Withdrawal contract to transfer your DAOs into the Withdrawal contract.
b) Convert Your DAOs Into ETHs With The Withdrawal Contract
The second step is to call the Withdrawal contract's withdraw() function to transfer DAOs from The DAO into the Withdrawal contract, and for the Withdrawal contract to send your account the equivalent amount in ETH.
Here is the source code for the withdrawal() function:
function withdraw(){ uint balance = mainDAO.balanceOf(msg.sender); if (!mainDAO.transferFrom(msg.sender, this, balance) || !msg.sender.send(balance)) throw; }
Source of information
User @lefteris in thedao.slack.com stated that The DAO Withdrawal contract can be found at 0xbf4ed7b27f1d666546e30d74d50d173d20bca754 and the process to convert DAOs into ETHs are the following:
a) call dao.approve("0xbf4ed7b27f1d666546e30d74d50d173d20bca754", dao.balanceOf(youraccount)) b) call withdrawContract.withdraw()
Withdrawal Contract Source Code And Address
The source code for the Withdrawal contract can be found at 0xbf4ed7b27f1d666546e30d74d50d173d20bca754 and is as follows:
contract DAO { function balanceOf(address addr) returns (uint); function transferFrom(address from, address to, uint balance) returns (bool); uint public totalSupply; } contract WithdrawDAO { DAO constant public mainDAO = DAO(0xbb9bc244d798123fde783fcc1c72d3bb8c189413); address public trustee = 0xda4a4626d3e16e094de3225a751aab7128e96526; function withdraw(){ uint balance = mainDAO.balanceOf(msg.sender); if (!mainDAO.transferFrom(msg.sender, this, balance) || !msg.sender.send(balance)) throw; } function trusteeWithdraw() { trustee.send((this.balance + mainDAO.balanceOf(this)) - mainDAO.totalSupply()); } }
From The DAO's source code (referenced above), here is the Token.transferFrom(...) function:
function transferFrom( address _from, address _to, uint256 _amount ) noEther returns (bool success) { if (balances[_from] >= _amount && allowed[_from][msg.sender] >= _amount && _amount > 0) { balances[_to] += _amount; balances[_from] -= _amount; allowed[_from][msg.sender] -= _amount; Transfer(_from, _to, _amount); return true; } else { return false; } }
Some Further References
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – A 17-year-old boy who was sentenced to more than 16 years in prison for his role in the brutal beating of a St. Paul man has now been charged with assaulting a corrections officer.
Cindarion Butler was an inmate at the Ramsey County Law Enforcement Center when he allegedly refused to return to his cell and attacked a correctional officer around 7:25 p.m. on March 25.
According to the criminal complaint, Butler was being uncooperative regarding his vending privileges and when told he would lose privileges for his behavior, he replied, “I don't care — I leave for prison tomorrow.”
Butler then refused to obey verbal commands and began sizing up the correctional officer, according to the charges.
Another deputy arrived to assist in escorting Butler back to his cell and while en route, Butler said, “I ain't doing no 16 years” and swung at one of the officers, hitting him in the chest, according to the complaint.
The other officer grabbed Butler and a struggle ensued. Butler allegedly punched one officer several times and spat on the other while cursing at him.
The charges state Butler scratched the officer's face and neck, trying to get to his eyes. Other officers arrived and Butler was eventually brought under control and escorted back to his cell.
Butler, of St. Paul, was 16 at the time of the brutal beating, but was tried as an adult back in January. The jury found him guilty of first-degree assault and first-degree aggravated robbery.
On the night of the beating, St. Paul Police officers say they found Ray Widstrand on Payne Avenue with blood coming from his nose and mouth. Witnesses said that members of the East Side Boys gang attacked Widstrand when he walked by a fight taking place between some women.
Widstrand's injuries were so severe that they required facial reconstructive surgery.
Butler is now at the Lino Lakes Correctional Facility.
ABC Family cancels teen drama Alice in Arabia after 'racist' pilot sparks backlash online
The show centers around an American girl 'kidnapped' by her Saudi Arabian grandfather
The grandfather 'captor' happens to have the same name as an infamous member of Al Qaeda
It's written by a former U.S. Army translator Brooke Eikmeier
Eikmeier defended herself after a promo for the pilot was criticized
She claimed the actual show was a balanced portrayal of Saudi Arabian culture
However, the episode's draft script was leaked, revealing that the series was as racist as first thought
ABC Family has now moved to cancel it just four days after giving the green light to the pilot
Published: 14:07 EST, 23 March 2014 | Updated: 05:25 EST, 24 March 2014
ABC Family has canceled a controversial new pilot called Alice in Arabia after its leaked script sparked intense backlash for being racist.
Written by a former U.S. Army translator Brooke Eikmeier, the teen drama centers around an American girl 'kidnapped' by her Saudi Arabian grandfather, who happens to have the same name as an infamous member of Al Qaeda.
After a promotional description for the pilot was criticized, Eikmeier defended herself claiming the actual show was a sensitive and balanced portrayal of Saudi Arabian culture.
SHARE PICTURE
Copy link to paste in your message +2 Backlash: Written by former U.S. Army translator Brooke Eikmeier, pictured, the teen drama centers around an American girl 'kidnapped' by her Saudi Arabian grandfather
However, when the episode's draft script was leaked, revealing that the series was as racist as first thought, the fury erupted, and ABC Family moved to cancel it.
'The current conversation surrounding our pilot was not what we had envisioned and is certainly not conducive to the creative process, so we've decided not to move forward with this project,' ABC Family said in a statement.
As well as the online onslaught, the network was contacted by Muslim advocacy group the Council on American-Islamic Relations who requested a meeting with community leaders.
SHARE PICTURE
Copy link to paste in your message +2 Reference: One of the most offensive parts is the name chosen for her grandfather, Abu Hamza. In reality, Abu Hamza is an Islamic extremist cleric, pictured, who is facing charges including planning to open a jihadist training camp in the U.S.
'We are concerned that, given media references to the main character "surviving life behind the veil," the pilot and any resulting series may engage in stereotyping that can lead to things like bullying of Muslim students,' executive director Hussam Ayloush said Wednesday.
The American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee also expressed concern about the show 'promoting bigotry and stereotyping of millions of Arabs and Arab-Americans, and billions of Muslims around the world,' according to Buzzfeed.
According to Deadline Hollywood, Eikmeier wrote the script while serving as cryptologic linguist in the Arabic language to the U.S. Army stationed at Fort Carson, Colorado, where she supported NSA missions in the Middle East.
Alice is a rebellious American teen who goes to visit her grandfather in Saudi Arabia amid a family emergency but he then hides her passport so she can't go home.
She watches Project Runway and sneaks out to parties while Muslim women who wear veils are portrayed as 'completely formless, anonymous.'
One of the most offensive parts however, is the name chosen for her grandfather, Abu Hamza.
In reality, Abu Hamza is an Islamic extremist cleric who is facing charges including planning to open a jihadist training camp in the U.S.
.- If reports in Italian media outlets are to be believed, the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith met June 24 to discuss the alleged Marian apparitions in Medjugorje, reaching the conclusion that they are inauthentic, but recognizing the site as a place of prayer.
On Thursday, the Vatican watcher Gianluca Barile wrote that “for the Congregation of the Doctrine of the Faith, in fact, the 'apparitions' do not have any supernatural character; therefore it is forbidden to the faithful to participate in the 'ecstasy' of the six 'seers', and the latter are prohibited from divulging the texts of the messages they supposedly receive from the Madonna.”
According to Barile, the negative judgement regarding the apparitions is based on inconsistent theological messages; the visionaries' economic interests in the site; and their disobedience to the local bishop.
However, the Vatican has not confirmed the reports – which have also appeared in Il Giornale – that this month's meeting of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith discussed Medjugorje.
According to the reports, the congregation did acknowledge Medjugorje as a place of prayer and devotion that can be visited by pilgrims for prayer, though without contacting the supposed visionaries or partcipating in their 'apparitions'.
The alleged apparitions originally began June 24, 1981, when six children in Medjugorje, a town in what is now Bosnia and Herzegovina, began to experience phenomena which they have claimed to be apparitions of the Blessed Virgin Mary.
According to these six “seers,” the apparitions contained a message of peace for the world, a call to conversion, prayer and fasting, as well as certain secrets surrounding events to be fulfilled in the future.
These apparitions are said to have continued almost daily since their first occurrence, with three of the original six children – who are now young adults – continuing to receive apparitions every afternoon because not all of the “secrets” intended for them have been revealed.
Since their beginning, the alleged apparitions have been a source of both controversy and conversion, with many flocking to the city for pilgrimage and prayer, and some claiming to have experienced miracles at the site, while many others claim the visions are non-credible.
In April 1991, the bishops of the former Yugoslavia determined that “on the basis of the research that has been done, it is not possible to state that there were apparitions or supernatural revelations.”
On the basis of those findings the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith directed in October 2013 that clerics and the faithful “are not permitted to participate in meetings, conferences or public celebrations during which the credibility of such 'apparitions' would be taken for granted.”
In January 2014, a Vatican commission completed an investigation into the supposed apparitions' doctrinal and disciplinary aspects, and was to have submitted its findings to the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith.
When the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith will have analyzed the commission's findings, it will finalize a document on Medjugorge, which will be submitted to the Pope, who will make a final decision.
Pope Francis visited Bosnia and Herzegovina earlier this month, but declined to stop at Medjugorje during his trip. During his return flight to Rome, he indicated that the process of investigation in the apparitions was nearly complete.
The past few weeks have brought some surprising developments and contradictions in the Keystone XL pipeline saga. Former Vice-President Al Gore told Canada's The Globe and Mail that he wished President Obama would cancel the pipeline project. Current Vice-President Joe Biden casually told an activist that he opposes the Keystone XL pipeline, although he's "in the minority" (echoing his recent gay marriage support ahead of the official change of position by the White House). On Earth Day, Obama's Environmental Protection Agency criticized Obama's State Department over the environmental impact review of the Keystone XL pipeline, citing "environmental objections." And finally, an unnamed U.S. official told Reuters that the president now plans to delay his decision on the pipeline even longer -- possibly until 2014. What is going on here? How did a pipeline that was supposed to win approval two years ago become such a contested topic among close allies?
I have been making a documentary film about the Keystone XL pipeline for the past year and a half, and the story has changed dramatically in that time. I have focused on a group of landowners and activists in East Texas who tried to stop construction of the pipeline -- variously through the courts, political activism and civil disobedience. Theirs are the untold stories of how this pipeline fight has continued to burn for so long. For them, the fight is personal; at the end of the day, they don't have anywhere else to go. By looking closely at their stories, I have seen the many complex layers of the battle, and I have glimpsed social change in action in America. I'm quite certain that the Keystone confusion recently swirling around Washington is intimately tied to what's been happening over the past few years in the woods of East Texas, on the ranchlands of Nebraska, across Native American tribal lands, and at the gates of the White House. Keystone XL has become far more than a pipeline.
In an act of civil disobedience, Eleanor Fairchild stops construction of the southern leg of the Keystone XL pipeline before being arrested on her own land in Winnsboro, Texas. Photo Credit: John Fiege/aboveallelsefilm.com
Eleanor Fairchild is a perfect example of this transformation. Eleanor is a 78-year-old firecracker of a great-grandmother. Her late husband was a petroleum geologist and oil executive, with a 50-year career in the oil industry. She keeps her husband's old office just the way he left it, including a small vial that sits on the bookshelf with a sample of sweet crude from Yemen that he helped discover in 1984. Eleanor likes to say that the vial contains real oil, not that stuff that's going to be pumped through the Keystone XL pipeline. As Eleanor began to learn about tar sands, she realized that this pipeline could affect much more than her beloved trees, ponds and pastures. The pipeline represents a massive shift in our economy toward the extraction of oil and gas previously considered too dirty, inaccessible or unprofitable -- a shift that she's worried will have disastrous consequences for climate change and the future of her great-grandchildren.
Eleanor got arrested for the first time in her life protesting the Keystone XL pipeline in front of the White House in 2011. A year later, she was arrested on her own land alongside actress Daryl Hannah as they stood in front of heavy equipment to stop construction of the southern leg of the Keystone XL pipeline. The president had approved this portion of the pipeline in March of 2012, bypassing the federal permits required for the pipeline to cross the Canadian border. Eleanor has no regrets: "I thought to myself, Eleanor, with all of the things going on in the world, why weren't you out there fighting for the good long before this?" If her husband were still alive today, she thinks he would be proud of her.
President Obama is a master of symbolism and is certainly highly attuned to the growing meaning behind the Keystone XL battle. With this pipeline, he faces a decision about the economic future of America with outsized symbolic significance: will we go further down the old road of the oil economy -- no matter how dirty, dangerous or destructive -- or will we take a bold turn toward building a new economy based on low-impact, renewable, domestic energy? The president does not want to make this choice, even symbolically. He knows that approving the pipeline would be wrong for the country and for the planet. But doing the right thing would alienate the most powerful industry in the world and disrupt the very fabric of our oil-based economy. So he drags his feet.
In April, Rep. Lee Terry (R-Neb.) introduced the Northern Route Approval Act, which would grant Congress the power to approve the Keystone XL pipeline. The bill would allow the Republican (and some Democratic) backers of the pipeline to bypass the president -- while also allowing the president to avoid the politically explosive decision on the pipeline. If the bill makes it through both houses of Congress, we will see how the president reacts to the decision being taken away from him.
Editor's Note: The following text is from GlobalPost, which provides views — important, moving or just odd — from around the world.
By Justin McCurry, GlobalPost
In one respect, the decision by Tokyo Disneyland to allow a gay couple to hold their "wedding" at the theme park is a sign of progress in a country that has, until recently, largely ignored the issue of same-sex unions.
But some campaigners have argued that leaving it to Mickey Mouse to give his blessing to Koyuki Higashi and her partner, Hiroko Masuhara — in a strictly symbolic ceremony — is also a mark of how far Japan has to go before it affords the same rights to the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community as it does to heterosexual couples.
Tokyo Disneyland condoned this and all future same-sex ceremonies after receiving an inquiry from Higashi. Cue a confused response from a subsidiary, Oriental Land Company, which licenses the name and characters from Disney in the United States.
Higashi, 27, and her partner could "marry" at the park, they were told, but only if they dressed "like a man and a woman." Park officials were worried that other visitors might be offended by the sight of two women in wedding dresses or morning suits.
The park relented on dress code after a storm of protest on Twitter and other social media — it had all been a misunderstanding by an individual employee, it said — but the couple will not be allowed to exchange vows in the park's chapel due to "Christian teachings."
More from GPS: Same-sex marriage around the world: Where is it legal?
Those restrictions go to the heart of the flimsy protection offered to the rights of LGBT people in Japan, say campaigners. Homosexuality is not illegal, but same-sex marriages are not legally recognized.
"There needs to be more pressure for legal unions between gay people in Japan," said Taiga Ishikawa, one of only a handful of openly gay politicians in the country. "This is only a guess, but I'd say there are more people now who are in long-term relationships and want that to be recognized in the form of a civil partnership."
Ishikawa is campaigning to introduce an ordinance in the area that would offer some form of marital recognition and increase the number of administrative rights and services to same-sex couples. But he admits that it's "some way off."
If Disneyland was being held up as an agent of progress, one of Japan's most popular celebrities popped up to demonstrate that, in some quarters, ignorance reigns.
Commenting on President Barack Obama's recent declaration of support for gay marriages in the U.S., the film director and comedian Takeshi Kitano told a fellow television guest: "Obama supports gay marriage. You would support marriage between humanoid and animals eventually, then," before questioning the ability of gay couples to raise children.
More from GlobalPost: Tears for Japanese clown, wanna-be Olympian
Kitano has since tried to explain his outburst: "I was only talking about people who love their pets so much that they may think of marrying them," AFP reported him as saying. "There is no way I look at gay people in the same way as I do animals, let alone implying sexual relations with animals."
His comments were not the first with homophobic overtones by a high-profile public figure in Japan. In late 2010, Shintaro Ishihara, the outspoken governor of Tokyo, suggested gay people were "deficient" after watching same-sex couples take part in a parade in San Francisco. "We have even got homosexuals casually appearing even on television," he said. "Japan has become far too untamed."
Yuji Kitamaru, a journalist who writes about LGBT issues, said he was "very disappointed" by Kitano's remarks, particularly as he has spoken up for minorities, including transgender people, in the past.
"I felt it was a big betrayal not only to us and the audience, but also to himself," Kitamaru said. "Public figures like Kitano can easily indulge in that kind of bigotry because Japanese people in general haven't considered the difference between public discourse and private gossip."
Yet Kitamaru, who has written on LGBT issues in Japan for two decades, believes social media has quickly become the forum for a more open discussion about sexuality, citing Twitter's role in the Disneyland decision, and a meeting held in Ni-chome, a gay neighborhood of Tokyo, to thank Obama for his support.
More from GlobalPost: Your body parts, made to order
Higashi and her partner, meanwhile, have visited Disneyland to break their good news to Mickey Mouse. They have yet to set a date for the wedding, and there are reports that their inquiries were intended only to test the theme park's commitment to equality.
Ishikawa welcomed Disneyland's decision, which apparently came after officials in Tokyo contacted the company's U.S. headquarters.
"I wrote 10 years ago that I looked forward to the day when gay and lesbian couples could hold hands and go to Tokyo Disneyland, so I'm very happy," he said. "But we're still not at the point where a man or woman can tell people, especially co-workers, that they have a same-sex partner."
Updated: 3:20 p.m. | Posted: 10:45 a.m.
Major League Soccer announced Wednesday that Minnesota will be the home of a new Major League Soccer team. The owners also announced plans to build an open-air soccer stadium in Minneapolis.
The winning bid for the expansion team came from ex-UnitedHealth Group CEO Bill McGuire, who led a partnership that includes Minnesota Twins owners in the Pohlad family, Minnesota Timberwolves owner Glen Taylor, Carlson board member Wendy Carlson Nelson and former Minnesota Wild investor Glen Nelson.
McGuire owns the North American Soccer League's Minnesota United, the latest incarnation of teams previously known as the Minnesota Thunder, the NSC Stars and the Minnesota Stars.
League officials said the team will start to play in 2018 in a stadium being planned for downtown Minneapolis.
MLS Commissioner Don Garber said the large population of young people in the area and the region's long tradition of supporting soccer factored into the league's choice to expand to Minnesota.
He described Minneapolis as a "cool, funky, hip city."
"It has an incredible international flair to it," Garber said of Minneapolis. "It is a city that represents all of the things that we've been able to capitalize on that allows our league to be the sport for a new America."
Bill McGuire Courtesy Bill McGuire
The Minneapolis team will be among the final pair added to meet the league's goal to expand to 24 teams by 2020. In the last decade, the league has added 13 clubs from across the country. League officials said the stadium was a main factor in the league's decision, which the league earlier estimated would cost between $100 million and $150 million to build.
The proposed stadium would be located near the Minneapolis Farmers Market on the western side of Target Field. League officials said final plans for the stadium will be released by July 1.
McGuire said the soccer stadium could complement the farmers market and help facilitate development in the area.
"We believe a soccer park there can help facilitate development and expansion of that part of our community," McGuire said.
But the team may face some difficulty getting public subsidies for yet another stadium in a city that's added three other new sports stadiums in the last decade.
The idea of public financing for the stadium met with opposition from legislative leaders and Gov. Mark Dayton, who advised that it would need to be privately financed.
Despite apparent opposition from state lawmakers to public financing of the new stadium, McGuire has not ruled out asking for a public subsidy.
An attorney for the owners group reportedly told a meeting of Minneapolis real estate investors that the team would seek a "higher percentage of private dollars than any pro stadium project in the Twin Cities," a hint that it would not be entirely privately funded.
McGuire was noncommittal during an afternoon interview with MPR News. He noted that the investor group had not yet rolled out its stadium financing plans in detail.
"I'm pretty confident that the vision we will lay out ... will be embraced by a lot of different people," he said. "We'll see how that comes together once we put it out there."
Asked if that meant the group had given up on public financing, McGuire said, "I'm saying we haven't asked anybody or laid anything out yet and it's premature to talk about any of that stuff."
The site of a new open-air soccer stadium proposed for downtown Minneapolis. Courtesy of Major League Soccer
Although Hennepin County officials have said that the sales tax for Target Field is running ahead of the debt payment for that stadium, and could theoretically help pay for another stadium, key lawmakers are opposed to that option.
Minneapolis Council Member Blong Yang represents the area where McGuire's proposed stadium would be constructed and has spoken to members of the partnership about their plans.
"Part of me feels like this is great for the area there, and for my ward, part of me would have wished it was in the heart of Ward 5 and not on the outskirts," Yang said. "They don't need the development as bad as other parts of Ward 5 or north Minneapolis."
Yang said he'd welcome development in the district but opposes any public subsidy for a possible stadium.
A spokesperson for the University of Minnesota said no one from Major League Soccer or McGuire's partnership has contacted the school about using its athletic facilities even temporarily.
McGuire's partnership was competing for the franchise with the owners of the Minnesota Vikings. The football team has a five-year exclusive right to bring a Major League Soccer team to play in the $1.1 billion football stadium that's currently under construction in downtown Minneapolis.
McGuire bought Minnesota United in 2012 after the league took over the struggling franchise. The team plays out of the National Sports Center Stadium in Blaine, Minn.
If successful, the new Major League Soccer team would be the sixth major league sports team in the Twin Cities, joining the Vikings, Twins, Wild, Timberwolves and Lynx.
BEIJING (Reuters) - China will provide Panama with whatever help it needs after the Central American country ditched long-standing ties with self-ruled Taiwan in June, a senior Chinese diplomat said on Friday after talks between the two countries' presidents.
Panama's President Juan Carlos Varela (L) shakes hands with China's President Xi Jinping during a signing ceremony in Beijing, China November 17, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
Panama's decision to end ties with Taiwan was a major victory for Beijing, as it lures away the dwindling number of countries that have formal relations with the island China claims as its own.
Taiwan's government said at the time it was sorry and angry over the decision, and it would not compete with China in what it described as a “diplomatic money game”.
Speaking to reporters after Chinese President Xi Jinping and Panamanian President Juan Carlos Varela signed 19 deals, including a feasibility study on a free trade agreement, Zhao Bentang, who heads the Chinese foreign ministry's Latin America department, said their ties were not based on money.
“China and Panama establishing ties is a political decision made by both sides on the basis of political principles and looking at long term benefits. There were no economic or financial strings attached,” Zhao said.
“If our Panamanian friends need, in the spirit of friendship and South-South cooperation the Chinese side is willing to assist Panama's economic and social development to the best of our capacity.”
China and Taiwan have tried to poach each other's allies for years, often dangling generous aid packages in front of developing nations, though Taipei now struggles to compete with an increasingly powerful Beijing.
Beijing says Taiwan has no right to diplomatic recognition because it is part of China. Defeated Nationalist forces fled to Taiwan at the end of China's civil war in 1949.
Varela told Chinese state television in September the decision to switch recognition to China had nothing to do with “chequebook diplomacy”.
Xi said Varela had shown strategic vision and political courage in recognizing China and that China wanted to draw up a “fine blueprint” for the development of relations.
“This sends an important message to the world, which is that a brand-new page has been opened in China-Panama relations,” Xi told Varela in Beijing's Great Hall of the People.
“The development of ties has been delayed for many years, but that history has passed,” Xi added.
Last month, a group including China Harbour Engineering Company Ltd (CHEC) began building a $165 million port in Panama for cruise ships, the first project announced between China and Panama since they established diplomatic ties.
China is deeply suspicious of Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen, who it thinks wants to push for the island's formal independence, although she says she wants to maintain peace with Beijing.
Tony Blair making one of his rare visits to Gaza. Ashraf Amra APA images
Scanning the headlines about Tony Blair's latest appointment, I wanted to believe that someone was playing a joke.
The war criminal who morphed into a Middle East “peace envoy” will now work pro bono for an Israel lobby group. For that is the most accurate way to describe Blair's new “employer,” the European Council on Tolerance and Reconciliation.
While its name might give the impression that it is a dispassionate intergovernmental body, the ECTR is an initiative of the Zionist zealot and fertilizer tycoon Moshe Kantor.
As well as being the ECTR's founder, Kantor is the president of the European Jewish Congress. Despite his claim to represent 2.5 million Jews, Kantor regularly panders to anti-Semites. By acting as a cheerleader for Israeli aggression, Kantor lends credence to the fallacy that Israel enjoys a universal blessing from Jews.
He is completely out of sync with the growing number of his co-religionists who are speaking out against Israeli apartheid.
Kantor's stance is also at odds with that taken by Blair as prime minister. Officially, the UK views the construction of Jewish-only settlements in the occupied West Bank as illegal under international law. Kantor, on the other hand, has argued that such colonization facilitates the “positive interaction” between Israelis and Palestinians.
In a joint opinion piece with Kantor published yesterday by British newspaper The Times, Blair identifies “creating clearer definitions of what is racist and anti-Semitic” and giving judiciaries greater powers to prosecute “hate speech” as priorities for his work with the ECTR.
Blurring the distinction
Careful scrutiny of Kantor's activities indicate he is not really interested in bringing clarity. Whereas opposition to Zionism is very different from a blanket animosity towards Jews, he is seeking to blur the distinction between these two phenomena.
The ECTR has drafted a convention on “promoting tolerance.” Its preamble refers to “the current increase in anti-Semitism in many European countries,” alleging that “this increase is also characterized by new manifestations of anti-Semitism.”
Kantor's European Jewish Congress has invested much energy into accusing the Palestine solidarity movement of being responsible for “new manifestations of anti-Semitism.”
I have obtained a letter sent by the EJC to the European Union's Fundamental Rights Agency in April 2012. The letter — see below — alleges that “the new form of anti-Semitism, which emanates from pro-Palestinians, from Arabo-Muslim extremists [sic], is today considered by European Jews as a real threat, which creates fear and tension among European Jews. Therefore, the definition of anti-Semitism should be clarified: the new form of anti-Semitism emanates from Arabo-Muslim extremists, from pro-Palestinians, being one way importers of the mid-East conflict into Europe.”
Such lobbying has proven effective. In response to pleas from the EJC and similar groups, the EU's agency decided to include calls for boycotting Israel — a key tactic of the Palestine solidarity movement — as an example of anti-Semitism in a report it issued during 2013.
Dodgy dossier
The agency, which has been tasked with monitoring racism and xenophobia across the Union, has failed to acknowledged that the Palestinian-led mobilization for boycott, divestment and sanctions (BDS) targets goods, companies and institutions — not individuals.
Blair's call for a crackdown on “hate speech” should be seen against the backdrop of attempts to smear Palestine solidarity campaigners. The attempts have made an impact. Canada's right-wing government is in trying to criminalize BDS campaigning by categorizing it as “hate speech.”
Violence against Jews is a real problem. Just this year, there have been attacks on a kosher supermarket in Paris and a bar mitzvah in Copenhagen. To tackle the hatred behind such incidents, it is necessary to remain focused. Smearing Palestine solidarity activists with bogus accusations is a distraction.
It would be comforting if Blair and Kantor could be dismissed as yesterday's men. Sadly, both are influential.
Kantor even has a center named after him in Tel Aviv University. It publishes annual reports that pretend to give a global overview of anti-Semitism.
According to the latest such report, Israeli soldiers were blamed for “every evil on earth” at demonstrations sparked by Israel's 2014 bombing of Gaza. No evidence is provided to back up that wild assertion.
But such sloppiness does not seem to worry Blair and Kantor, who refer to the report in their aforementioned opinion piece.
Come to think of it, this isn't the first dodgy dossier that Blair has endorsed. Didn't he invade Iraq to search for weapons that did not exist?
https://electronicintifada.net/sites/default/files/2015-06/europeanjewishcongress.pdf
Off the back of an Allday cosign and a successful Laundry show, Peezo just doesn't stop with the Old School Futuristic rollout.
Internal resentment, popping bottles and a murky past….
What else can make the problems disappear and celebrations live on? A Time Machine… On Old School Futuristic's 4th single, Peezo touches on the topics at play over a cloud-rap influenced beat; adding to his ever-expanding and diverse catalogue of “new-wave hip-hop”.
The video, directed and shot by MMTH Visuals (Golden Features & Lucas Miller) details the struggle of a young rapper honing their craft, while trying to survive and sacrificing it all to succeed in music. While not forgetting to celebrate the finer things in life; an attractive girl and a nice Mercedes-Benz.
Download || Facebook || Twitter
Much of the HTC related chatter lately has surrounded the M7 smartphone. We have seen countless leaks including some image and some spec related. And on the more entertaining side, we have even seen HTC CEO Peter Chou lead a crowd in a chant of HTC M7. Anyway, included in those spec related rumors was the mention of the handset having a 13 megapixel rear-facing camera.
It seems though, that may not exactly be the case. According to Pocket-lint, HTC is going to be switching from megapixels to ultrapixels. This move looks like it will begin with the launch of the M7 smartphone. Touching on the 13 megapixel rear-facing camera, it is now being said that the HTC M7 will launch with three 4.3 megapixel sensors, which when combined will add up to around 13 megapixels.
This is described as being “close” to the way Nokia handles things with the 808 PureView camera. If you remember, this is a 41 megapixel sensor, however in most cases those using the camera will get an 8 megapixel image. That said, regardless if the M7 launches with a description of ultrapixels or megapixels, a key factor here will likely be in showing customers that they are getting a handset with a camera that is at least the same quality as competing smartphones.
If nothing else, maybe this move to ultrapixels is one of the methods that HTC has in mind for innovation. We suspect we will learn exactly what rear-facing camera the M7 has come February 19 but the end result here will be in the images and how good they look. After all, we suspect that people will not care as long as the handset is able to capture quality looking images.
[via Pocket-lint]
Vitor Belfort is still going strong at the ripe age of 36 and has a failed drug test marring his past, so it's not altogether surprising that the revelation of his Testosterone Replacement Therapy (TRT) usage following a spectacular second-round knockout of Michael Bisping was met with criticism from fans and fighters alike.
Belfort, however, doesn't believe the criticism is justified.
"It's hard," he said on Monday's edition of The MMA Hour. "I cannot explain why I need something. It's just, the doctors, you know, just they said that I need [TRT]. I did everything by the book. I went to the commissions, the UFC. I never hide from them, so they knew what I was doing. I believe everyone has their personal things. My health is my personal life, you know? A lot of people on TRT, they don't tell [the UFC], whatever. But my case came out because they got a guy on steroids (Thiago Tavares) and they thought it was me, and then they just opened the books. But they knew I'm doing everything with the UFC together, and never hiding anything.
"It's just open books with me. Nothing was cheating. I never cheat, everything was by the book, and it is what it is."
Soon after Belfort's victory and subsequent outing as a TRT user, UFC President Dana White publicly flip-flopped on the controversial treatment, vowing to "test the living s--t" out of users because of his belief that TRT was being abused by "cheating" fighters.
Belfort, similar to fellow TRT advocate Chael Sonnen, says he's already been tested "many times" since White's announcement.
"Everything is normal," Belfort explained. "My ranges are even lower than the normal. I did everything I should do.
"Whatever's good to make the sport clean, because there are always people cheating, looking for something. I agree (with the testing), man. I think Dana White's doing the right thing. I think the more we separate who's doing the right thing, it's important."
For Belfort, it's frustrating to hear people still label him as a cheater despite the legality of his TRT usage. He tries not to listen to the noise, but when asked, he attributes any negative remarks towards people's desire for drama and general lack of understanding about the treatment.
"People don't know about it. That's why," Belfort said.
"It's just easy when you talk bad and when you talk gossip. You know, that's the world, man. That sells things, that sells papers, sells fights. That's what people love, gossip, talk and this. They need something to entertain themselves. I think everyone has to just live with themselves. I don't judge. I don't like it. I don't like to talk bad about people. ... I like to focus and do the right thing for myself, and learn and improve, correct my mistakes. It's when you point the finger, man, the finger points back to you.
"Why don't we talk about people that do TRT and they lose in the first round?" Belfort continued. "Because, you know, TRT doesn't win fights, man. It doesn't win fights. Look at Chael Sonnen. He's on TRT and he lost fights in the first, second round. It's not going to win fights. You've got to have skills to win fights. That's what it is. A lot of guys are on it. I think they should release everyone who's on it, because that would bring more legitimacy to the sport, and UFC doing the right thing and testing people. I think we're on the right path, and if you lose, just accept it, man. Everyone has an excuse."
Among those who criticize Belfort is his upcoming opponent, Strikeforce middleweight champion Luke Rockhold. The two are scheduled to meet May 18, 2013 at UFC on FX 8, but in the lead-up to the fight, Rockhold hasn't exactly kept quiet.
Rockhold has rallied against Belfort's TRT usage rather adamantly, insulting the veteran and using the opportunity to claim that he's more of a man than Belfort.
"I'm glad he's not my doctor," Belfort laughed. "I'm glad I don't need to listen to him.
"I think he's wrong, but what are you going to say? People say what they're going to say. He doesn't know me, I don't know how he can say that, but we'll see. You cannot judge. I think it's too arrogant to say you're more of a man. He doesn't know what a man is. He doesn't have any kids, he doesn't have a wife. I don't know what he's thinking. He's talking about courage? I don't know what he did in the sport. I think it's disrespectful, the way that he thinks. But it is what it is. You cannot control it, you cannot control people.
"My conversation with him will be inside the cage," Belfort then vowed. "I don't have to talk. We're going to fight, and that's what it's about. I don't need to prove anything to anyone. I did a lot of things for the sport, and I'm still doing. Facing these young guys, and I bring the heat, man. He'll come to a jungle. He'll face a lion."
In case it isn't obvious, all this trash talk doesn't do much for Belfort. A self-styled "old lion" and "young dinosaur," Belfort has been dealing with these types of situations for nearly two decades, and in that time, he's come to understand how little these displays of bravado actual mean when the cage doors swing shut.
"Whatever he said is on him. Words have power, and I think when you're proud, and you're arrogant, and you cross the line, you've got to deal with what you said," Belfort concluded, before offering up one final, ominous remark.
"Bisping did the same thing, and guess what? When people talk, man..."
This article is about the Superleague Formula team. For the English football club, see Liverpool F.C. For other uses, see Liverpool F.C. (disambiguation)
The Liverpool car in their pit garage during the 2008 Donington weekend.
Liverpool F.C. Superleague Formula team was the racing team of Liverpool F.C., a football team that competes in England in the Premier League. The Liverpool F.C. racing team competed in the Superleague Formula.[1] They have been operated by Hitech Junior Team in all seasons, although the team changed name to Atech Grand Prix for 2010.
2008 season [ edit ]
In the 2008 Superleague Formula season Liverpool F.C. finished 4th overall in the table with 325 points. Spanish driver Adrián Vallés was the Liverpool driver for all rounds.[2]
In the 2008 Zolder round, Liverpool F.C. won their first race, and also had the fastest lap in the first race.[3]
Liverpool won their 2nd and last win of the 2008 season at the 2008 Estoril round.[4]
Liverpool earned 2 pole positions at the Vallelunga round and the Jerez round.[5][6]
2009 season [ edit ]
For the 2009 Superleague Formula season, Adrián Vallés was confirmed as the driver once again.[7]
Liverpool won the opening round of the 2009 season at the Magny-Cours round, and they also won the Super Final.[8][9][10]
Valles wrapped up the 2009 title with a solid fourth place for Liverpool in the final race of the season in Jarama.[11]
2010 season [ edit ]
Liverpool F.C. will defend their crown in the 2010 season after the football clubs director Ian Ayre confirmed they were contracted for several years.[12] However, in 2011 they confirmed that they would not be competing in Superleague Formula in the short-term.
Record [ edit ]
(key)
2008 [ edit ]
2009 [ edit ]
Super Final results in 2009 did not count for points towards the main championship.
Operator(s) Driver(s) 1 2 3 4 5 6 Points Rank MAG ZOL DON EST MOZ JAR Hitech Junior Team Adrián Vallés 1 6 1 3 3 – 6 6 X 2 9 3 4 5 – 7 4 3 412 1st
2010 [ edit ]
OK, technically, it's a bearded dragon, not the fictional kind seen flying around on "Game of Thrones."
Still, a Salem woman saved her pet reptile by performing CPR on the 3-year-old critter after finding him blue and floating unconscious in his pool on Tuesday, the Statesman Journal reports.
Sherrie Dolezal, 62, performed chest compressions on the lizard, hung him upside down to clear water from his mouth and blew air into his mouth. Soon, he opened his eyes and started to move.
Dolezal, who calls herself a reptile rescuer, keeps nearly two dozen other lizards at her home. The one she saved with CPR is named Del Sol.
Dolezal said she put Del Sol in his pool on Tuesday but had forgotten to put rocks in it so he could climb out. She'd been having a crazy day with errands and pet care, and when she returned to find Del Sol, she said she thought he was dead but tried CPR anyway.
Mark Burgess, an Oregon veterinarian who specializes in exotic pets, told the Statesman he thought Dolezal's efforts may have saved the little guy's life.
— Susannah L. Bodman, sbodman@oregonian.com
It's Paxton Lynch to the rescue in Denver.
Despite the Broncos' hopes that quarterback Trevor Siemian could play through a left foot sprain this weekend against the Jaguars, the team will turn to their rookie first-round pick for the second time this year, coach Gary Kubiak said.
Siemian injured his foot in an overtime loss to the Chiefs a week ago. He is considered day-to-day, Kubiak said.
Lynch started for an injured Siemian back on Oct. 9 in a 23-16 loss to the Atlanta Falcons. In that game he completed 23 of 35 passes for 223 yards, a touchdown and an interception. He has 393 yards, two touchdowns and an interception on the season.
The Broncos (7-4) cannot afford a setback on the field this weekend. While the Jaguars might normally be a favorable opponent to start a rookie quarterback against, Lynch now shoulders the burden of keeping Denver's playoff hopes alive. The Broncos are currently third in the division, but are a game out in the AFC wild-card race.
Denver still has matchups against the two teams ahead of them -- Oakland and Kansas City -- remaining on the schedule.
Lynch flashed moments of promise in a limited sample size this year. His speed and pocket mobility are undoubtedly above average, but like every rookie the game needs to slow down for him. Despite their dismal record, Jacksonville (2-9) boasts a budding pass rush, led by recently-awoken free agent tackle Malik Jackson. Jackson, a former Bronco, would probably love nothing more than to show his old general manager that he's happy in Florida.
Lynch's spot start may be just that, with multiple reports out of Denver citing the foot sprain as a short-term injury. However, a strong performance keeps Denver in the mix and raises Lynch's confidence for his eventual takeover.
MEDINA, Ohio (AP) — A police dog in northeast Ohio died from heatstroke after being left in a police cruiser for more than four hours last month, officials said. The Montville Township police department K-9,…
MEDINA, Ohio (AP) — A police dog in northeast Ohio died from heatstroke after being left in a police cruiser for more than four hours last month, officials said.
The Montville Township police department K-9, Beny, died on Sept. 28 after Sgt. Brett Harrison left the dog in a cruiser in the station parking lot from about 11 a.m. to 3 p.m., according to a statement from police Tuesday. The cruiser was off and the windows were closed.
An administrative investigation concluded Harrison violated policy and procedures. He received a two-week unpaid suspension and lost 40 hours of vacation.
Police Chief Terry Grice told The Medina Gazette (http://bit.ly/1scc3Ju) the dog's death was an accident and security camera video showed Harrison panicking after he realized what had happened.
Harrison issued a statement Tuesday night expressing his “deepest apology” to Montville Township and to his “partner, friend and loving family member Beny.”
The police department referred the case to the Medina County Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals for review. The nonprofit group will conduct an investigation that could ultimately lead to criminal charges.
Beny, a two-year-old German shepherd, joined the Montville Township police department near Medina about a year ago.
Harrison was hired with the department in 2007. Grice said in a statement that Harrison cared deeply about Beny and is overwhelmed with grief.
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Updated at 5:44 p.m. ET
Sen. Joe Lieberman, a former Democrat who angered the party by supporting Republican John McCain's presidential bid, reportedly will not run for re-election next year.
Unnamed Democratic sources in Connecticut told The Huffington Post that Lieberman will not seek a fifth term. The Washington Post also reported that Lieberman plans to retire, citing two Democratic sources familiar to the decision.
Lieberman, who became an independent in 2006 after losing a Democratic primary, is set to formally announce his plans at 12:30 p.m. ET Wednesday at the Marriott hotel in Stamford, Conn.
Erika Masonhall, a Lieberman spokeswoman, told Politico earlier in the day that the senator "made a decision about his future over the holidays." She declined further comment.
If Lieberman is not a candidate for re-election, that would make three Senate retirements in about a week. Sen. Kent Conrad, D-N.D., said today he is not going to run for re-election and Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison, R-Texas, made her announcement last week.
Democrat Susan Bysiewicz, a former secretary of State in Connecticut, announced this morning that she intends to run for Lieberman's seat. She told the Hartford Courant she was heartened by the encouragement from Democrats across the state.
Bysiewicz criticized Lieberman as she announced her Senate campaign, saying Connecticut needs "a senator who is 100% focused on helping our state."
Lieberman, 68, is in his fourth term in the Senate. His seat is one of 23 that Democrats have to defend in the 2012 elections.
In 2000, Lieberman became the first person of Jewish faith on a major national ticket when Democrat Al Gore selected him to be his running mate.
The senator, long known for working across the aisle with Republicans, became an independent after being defeated by Ned Lamont in the 2006 Democratic Senate primary. The race became a referendum on the war in Iraq and Lamont was steadfastly anti-war.
Lieberman was an active supporter of his friend McCain's presidential campaign in 2008, and spoke out on the Arizona senator's behalf during the Republican National Convention that year.
Last year, Lieberman worked with Republican Susan Collins to push the Senate in overturning the "don't ask, don't tell" policy that banned gay men and women from serving openly in the military.
Republican Linda McMahon, who ran unsuccessfully for Connecticut's other Senate seat last year, has indicated she is open to running again in 2012. McMahon, former CEO of World Wrestling Entertainment, spent more than $40 million of her own money. She was defeated by Democrat Richard Blumenthal.
Brian Walsh, communications director of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, vowed to mount an aggressive campaign for Lieberman's seat.
"We are confident that in the months ahead, several well-qualified Republicans will look closely at this race and this will again be a competitive battleground next year," Walsh said in a statement.
In other 2012 campaign news, veteran Republican Sen. Richard Lugar told reporters that he intends to run for a seventh term in Indiana despite the Tea Party movement's attempt to find a challenger to run against him. Lugar made his announcement at a breakfast for reporters organized by the Christian Science Monitor.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Twenty-eight inmates escaped from a Brazilian jail after three women in fantasy police costumes "seduced" prison wardens, it was reported today.
Police found three wardens naked and handcuffed inside the Nova Mutum public jail, near Cuiaba, central Brazil, the morning after the mass break-out.
The women reportedly drugged the prison guards by giving them spiked whisky after convincing them to take part in an orgy, according to investigators.
Inmates then left the prison through the main doors, even taking with them guns and munitions they had taken from prison caches.
Police later found a bag of lingerie and dominatrix police uniforms believed to have been worn by the temptresses.
Last night photos of one the naked wardens, believed to have been leaked by amused police officers who found him, had been shared thousands of times on social network sites.
The three women - one of them reportedly the girlfriend of one of the prisoners who escaped - arrived at the prison at 3am on Thursday morning and asked to be let inside to "chat and drink", police said.
The prison guards reportedly obliged and were soon persuaded to leave their posts, accompanying the girls to staff sleeping quarters.
After drugging the wardens the women handcuffed them, took their keys and unlocked all the prison's cells, according to chief Angelina de Andrades Ferreira.
She told a news conference: "The plan was to seduce them. They served them cheap whisky with some substance to knock them out, then unlocked the central gate which accesses the internal cells.
"Whoever wanted to escape left by the front door.
"From the moment they drank the whisky the agents don't remember a thing. One was found dizzy, trying to wake up. Another slept for the whole afternoon and couldn't even be questioned."
The inmates took three 12 caliber rifles shotguns, two 38 caliber revolvers and munition, she said.
Ms Ferreira said the escape was planned by the boyfriend of one of the women, Bruno Amorim, 18, was was serving time for attempted murder, robbery and firearms possession.
She said: "Everything indicated that he planned and executed everything, with the help of his girlfriend."
She said the three prison officers had been arrested and will be charged with "facilitating a jailbreak" and "culpable embezzlement" because of the theft of firearms.
Last night eight of the 28 prisoners had been recaptured as police launched a massive operation to track down the fugitives.
One inmate was found wandering around the centre of Nova Mutum in a drunken state, holding one of the stolen rifles.
Another was caught after stealing a pick-up truck from a farm and crashing it, police said.
Coastguards in Australia are trialing a new $250,000 shark-spotting drone in a new effort to protect swimmers and surfers from underwater attacks.
The mini-copter – nicknamed the “Little Ripper” – is being billed as the “future of rescue” and may help warn swimmers about nearby hunters of the deep.
Groundbreaking trial of ‘Little Ripper Lifesaver' UAV by @lifesaverhelo will transform search&rescue missions pic.twitter.com/HsZwxrSVZY — Westpac Bank (@Westpac) February 28, 2016
Built in the US, the device carries an inflatable raft and GPS tracking device which can be dropped to distressed swimmers caught adrift in open water, the Sydney Morning Herald reports. The drone was unveiled at the Westpac Lifesaver Helicopter base in Sydney.
"Little Ripper" drones will soon patrol NSW beaches in a trial to help troubled swimmers & detect sharks @abcnewspic.twitter.com/cWIWGz1jEw — Mazoe Ford (@MazoeFord) February 28, 2016
Equipped with a high-tech camera, the rescue mini-copter will help coastguards monitor the sea for ferocious Great White sharks lurking in popular bathing spots.
Westpac Lifesaver crew members currently rely on a helicopter to survey the coast for any potential shark danger.
If the drone trial goes successfully, the Little Ripper could be rolled out to other rescue stations across Australia.
School of sharks located at Hyams Bch. Swimmers and divers removed from the water. Sharks moved to safe location pic.twitter.com/UtRIgxUlgh — Westpac Life Saver (@Lifesaverhelo) December 30, 2015
New high-tech eyes in the sky: Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) trial w/ Westpac LifeSaver Rescue Helicopter Service pic.twitter.com/apMOd50Bef — Westpac Bank (@Westpac) February 28, 2016
READ MORE: Shark attacks reach record high in 2015
Last year saw a record 98 unprovoked shark attacks occur worldwide, according to the latest figures from the International Shark Attack File based at the University of Florida. While the vast majority of the attacks happened off the US coast, 18 people were targeted by the razor-toothed fish in Australian waters.
Saturday, 20 August 2011 Smiley, West Poverty Theme Isn't Hiding Anti-Obama Sentiment Anthony Asadullah Samad: Poverty's important, but it must be addressed in the context of lifting the nation. The Poverty Tour, masked as a stealth anti-Obama campaign, is no way to get it addressed. For all of our sakes, let the megalomania stop and the healing begin, my friend. READ MORE Friend on Facebook Follow on Twitter Forward to a Friend "The Help" Reflects the Racial Divide Sharon Kyle: In a culture where “whiteness” is rarely mentioned, it's not surprising that the women in my church saw the story as uplifting, while I saw it as just another story of the black experience viewed through a white lens. READ MORE Step Right Up!' Snake Oil for Sale Walter Basch: The Tea Party, mutant spawn of the Republicans, held their spineless parents and the nation hostage during the debt ceiling crisis, and is now demanding an even greater ransom. READ MORE The Tea Party, mutant spawn of the Republicans, held their spineless parents and the nation hostage during the debt ceiling crisis, and is now demanding an even greater ransom.
Another Victory for Campaign Consultants! Steve Ybarra: New citizens and Latinos may have to again face the Orange County fascists with their voter intimidation methods because of a lack of spines in the Governor's office. READ MORE New citizens and Latinos may have to again face the Orange County fascists with their voter intimidation methods because of a lack of spines in the Governor's office. Let's Have a Tea Party Ted Vaill: Teabaggers, look at what has happened this past week in England – get rid of entitlements and you have rioting in the streets fomented by the unemployed youths who have been pushed down through England's safety net. READ MORE Teabaggers, look at what has happened this past week in England – get rid of entitlements and you have rioting in the streets fomented by the unemployed youths who have been pushed down through England's safety net.
There's a mysterious threshold that's predicted to exist beyond the limits of what we can see. It's called the quantum-classical transition. If scientists were to find it, they'd be able to solve one of the most baffling questions in physics: why is it that a soccer ball or a ballet dancer both obey the Newtonian laws while the subatomic particles they're made of behave according to quantum rules? Finding the bridge between the two could usher in a new era in physics.
We don't yet know how the transition from the quantum world to the classical one occurs, but a new experiment, detailed in Support Provided By Learn More Physical Review Letters , might give us the opportunity to learn more. The experiment involves cooling a cloud of rubidium atoms to the point that they become virtually motionless. Theoretically, if a cloud of atoms becomes cold enough, the wave-like (quantum) nature of the individual atoms will start to expand and overlap with one another. It's sort of like circular ripples in a pond that, as they get bigger, merge to form one large ring. This phenomenon is more commonly known as a Bose-Einstein condensate, a state of matter in which subatomic particles are chilled to near absolute zero (0 Kelvin or −273.15° C) and coalesce into a single quantum object. That quantum object is so big (compared to the individual atoms) that it's almost macroscopic—in other words, it's encroaching on the classical world.
The team of physicists cooled their cloud of atoms down to the nano-Kelvin range by trapping them in a magnetic “bowl.” To attempt further cooling, they then shot the cloud of atoms upward in a 10-meter-long pipe and let them free-fall from there, during which time the atom cloud expanded thermally. Then the scientists contained that expansion by sending another laser down onto the atoms, creating an electromagnetic field that kept the cloud from expanding further as it dropped. It created a kind of “cooling” effect, but not in the traditional way you might think—rather, the atoms have a lowered “effective temperature,” which is a measure of how quickly the atom cloud is spreading outward. At this point, then, the atom cloud can be described in terms of two separate temperatures: one in the direction of downward travel, and another in the transverse direction (perpendicular to the direction of travel). Here's Chris Lee, writing for ArsTechnica:
This is only the start though. Like all lenses, a magnetic lens has an intrinsic limit to how well it can focus (or, in this case, collimate) the atoms. Ultimately, this limitation is given by the quantum uncertainty in the atom's momentum and position. If the lensing technique performed at these physical limits, then the cloud's transverse temperature would end up at a few femtoKelvin (10 -15 ). That would be absolutely incredible. A really nice side effect is that combinations of lenses can be used like telescopes to compress or expand the cloud while leaving the transverse temperature very cold. It may then be possible to tune how strongly the atoms' waves overlap and control the speed at which the transition from quantum to classical occurs. This would allow the researchers to explore the transition over a large range of conditions and make their findings more general.
Jason Hogan, assistant professor of physics at Stanford University and one of the study's authors, told NOVA Next that you can understand this last part by using the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle. As a quantum object's uncertainty in momentum goes down, its uncertainty in position goes up. Hogan and his colleagues are essentially fine-tuning these parameters along two dimensions. If they can find a minimum uncertainty in the momentum (by cooling the particles as much as they can), then they could find the point at which the quantum-to-classical transition occurs. And that would be a spectacular discovery for the field of particle physics.
Recieve emails about upcoming NOVA programs and related content, as well as featured reporting about current events through a science lens. Email Address Zip Code Subscribe
Image credit: NIST
North Korea's next-generation “Myohyang” tablet debuted in May. An older tablet known as the "Ryonghung" was found to have South Korean memory chips. File Photo by KCNA/Yonhap
SEOUL, Nov. 3 (UPI) -- A personal computer tablet North Korea debuted two years ago operates on South Korean semiconductors, a defector group said on Wednesday.
North Korean defector Kim Heung-gwang, who heads the group NK Intellectuals Solidarity, told Yonhap that the PC tablet dubbed "Ryonghung" contains a China-manufactured motherboard and operates on two South Korea-made memory chips.
Kim worked as a professor of computer science at North Korea's Hamhung University of Computer Technology, but left North Korea in 2004.
The group had disassembled a Ryonghung tablet, to discover the components, including two memory chips from South Korean corporation SK Hynix. While NK Intellectuals Solidarity did not provide details on how the tablet was obtained, the group said the tablet had arrived in a box with the words "Tablet PC Ryonghung -- Mount Ryongak Information Technology Exchange" printed on the side.
The 8-inch tablet features a 1-gigahertz central processing unit, or CPU, a main memory or RAM of 512 megabytes, an internal memory of 8 gigabytes, and an external memory of 16 gigabytes. The tablet weighs 8.8 ounces, and has a battery life of 6 hours, according to the group.
The tablet comes with a pink protective case, a charger and accessories from Kingston, a Chinese memory chip manufacturer.
North Korea initially debuted the Ryonghung in May 2013, at the Pyongyang International Trade Fair. The tablet was noted for its use of Google's Android operating system, and for being equipped with tablet applications such as educational software that teaches users about the Juche ideology of Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il. South Korean newspaper Herald Business reported the tablet came with 30 other basic apps, including more educational software, games, a camera, photo album, calculator and a music player.
In May, North Korea introduced what it called the next-generation "Myohyang" tablet that was equipped with a dual-core central processing unit, 1 gigabyte of RAM and featured a 1024x600 pixel resolution panel.
As an IT infrastructure manager, Jerry spent more time skimming his junkmail folder than he liked. Unfortunately, a large number of important messages landed there, because Garrett, the CSO, mandated an extremely aggressive approach to identifying spam. No less than once a week, a vital message was marked as spam.
One afternoon, Jerry noticed an email from Garrett canned away in the spam folder. It was badly formatted, incomprehensible, and cc'd to a large list of people. He forwarded the message to the security office, noting, “This looks suspicious. Could someone have malware? Or is this a phishing attempt?”
Over the next few weeks, Jerry didn't waste any brainpower on the mysterious email. Garrett's latest mandate required a new proxy server, to “harden security”, and a new firewall to “minimize breaches”. As the dust cleared from that effort, a new message from Garrett reached Jerry's inbox.
“Based on the CC-SPOOF line, bcaec51a8bd23bf2c604fb04f899 , I've tracked the sender to a location outside of Armonk, NY. I suspect they were WAR-driving on the Taconic Parkway, probably trying to breach IBM.”
CC-SPOOF? An obvious hash? Breaching IBM based on Garrett's email address? Jerry scratched his head for five minutes, and then decided he needed an explanation. He grabbed a stiff cup of coffee, and then scaled the stairs up to the literal upper management floor. “Garrett, how on Earth did you turn that gobbledygook into a location in New York State?”
Garrett's office was a haven of creative disarray. Papers, most of them detailing internal security arrangements and other limited access data, piled up high on his desk. The walls and his monitor were spackled with Post-It™ notes; they were a mixture of to-dos, reminders, and more than a few marked “user:/pass:”.
Garrett leapt from his chair in a flutter of papers, and landed beside the whiteboard. Thrilled to have someone interested in his hard work, he grabbed a marker, cleared off some space on his whiteboard, and launched into his explanation.
“The email contained this line in the headers,” Garrett said as he scribbled:
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary=bcaec51a8bd23bf2c604fb04f899
“That's an interesting string, isn't it? A boundary? Like a… border perhaps? What border could it be talking about? What's encoded in there? Ha! Well, you'll notice that if you ignore the last three digits, which are obviously meaningless, the string is 25 characters long. If it's a multiple of 5, that means it can be a Baconian cipher. Now, a simple Baconian cipher works like this…”
Outside of Garrett's little world, a Baconian cipher is a simple binary encoding that can be used for steganography. The letter “I” is “01000”, and “D” becomes “00011”. “Idiot” could be rendered as “01000 00011 01000 00111 10010”. These binary values can be encoded into a document through formatting changes, like using italics to represent “1”, and normal characters to represent “0”.
“This, obviously, is a complex Baconian cipher,” Garrett continued. He sketched out sprawling diagram connecting the various characters in the hash up through an epic conspiracy that roped in the Bilderberg Group and the Illuminati . In the end, Garrett “proved” that the hash encoded “411737”, which obviously was a lat/long- 41.1ºN by 73.7ºW. “It was encoded as boundary because Armonk, NY is on the NY/Conneticut border.”
Garrett set the marker down, panting. Unconsciously, Jerry had been inching back towards the hallway for the entire speech, but now Garrett was looking at him, expecting some sort of reply. “Um… according to the MIME specification, that boundary marker is just a random string, good only for separating the parts in a multi-part message. But you've… you've found that it was actually a cipher that contains the location of the sender?”
“Yes! Many times a private key is configured in the threat actor's email or spam mailer program. Currently spoofing has taken on a nefarious attack profile, and with the cipher usage, in fact, I believe it has been in use for the past six years! This Google+ malware has been moving through friend circles.”
“Oh, I see.” Jerry extracted himself from Garrett's office, careful not to touch anything lest the crazy be contagious. Still, the conspiracy-mongering had his curiosity piqued. Where did the email come from? Jerry found a secret code in the headers himself, cryptically marked “client-IP”. In an unlikely coincidence, that number matched exactly to the IP of Garrett's computer. A remote scan of the machine revealed that it was riddled with malware. One of those was probably responsible for the garbled message… or maybe that's just what they want you to think.
The mLite Language
mLite [em·ell·ite] —
a lightweight (and slightly odd) inhabitant of the ML universe.
Manual (ps, pdf) | Download | Apology | Changes | Guards paper (ps, pdf)
What does it look like?
Much like ML, but with dynamic typing, guards, and a Haskell-style apply operator. Here are some examples:
;; create lists of numbers fun iota (a, b) where (a = b) = [a] | (a, b) = a :: iota (a + 1, b) | a = iota (1, a) (* extract elements from lists *) fun extract (f, []) = [] | (f, f x :: xs) = x :: extract (f, xs) | (f, x :: xs) = extract (f, xs)
What's going on here?
The iota function uses an explicit guard ( where (a=b) ) to check its trivial case. It is also polymorpic: when called with just a single number, it generates a range 1..a . The extract function uses an implicit guard ( f x ) to check whether or not to include a specific element.
Of course, the full power of ML functions is available. We could define a curried version of extract :
fun filter f a = extract (f, a)
and then do:
val f = filter (fn x = x mod 7 = 0); f ` iota 100
and get:
[7, 14, 21, 28, 35, 42, 49, 56, 63, 70, 77, 84, 91, 98]
Cool, isn't it?
contact | privacy
A former Ellis County sheriff's deputy was arrested Friday, accused of pawning guns allegedly stolen from the sheriff's evidence locker.
Sources tell News 8 co-workers were shocked at the news that Lt. Phillip Slaughter suddenly resigned late last month after 15 years with the Ellis County Sheriff's Office.
According to an arrest affidavit, a few days later, department officials made a discovery. They learned that some weapons involved in other criminal cases were missing from the sheriff's evidence room.
Last Thursday, Ennis police officers found the guns at a local pawn shop. Police allegedly found Slaughter's name on a pawn receipt.
The sheriff called in the Texas Rangers and after a swift investigation, they recovered two Colt revolvers and one Taurus pistol at the pawn shop and arrested Slaughter, who was in once charge of the sheriff's property room.
Slaughter is charged with a total of six felony counts: the theft of three guns, one count of record tampering, and two counts of evidence tampering.
Slaughter is in jail in lieu of a $500,000 bond.
Copyright 2016 WFAA
On Monday the Dow Jones industrial average fell 634.76 points; the sixth-worst point decline for the Dow in the last 112 years and the worst drop since December 2008. Every stock in the S&P 500 index declined.
It is easy to blame bipartisan bickering for the impasse that led to Standard & Poor's downgrading of the American debt, and in turn the vertiginous fall of the Dow. This bickering—this substitution of ideology for reason, of egotism for compassion and responsibility on the part of lawmakers—is a national disgrace; but while it failed to fix the problem, we must realize that it did not cause it. The cause—and potential for a significant renewal—lies much deeper.
So let's allow ourselves to ask a fundamental question: what's an economy for?
The real purpose of an economic system is to guarantee to every person in its circle the fundamentals of physical existence (food, clothing, shelter) and the tools of meaningful work so that they can get on with the business of living together and working out our common destiny. This was Gandhi's vision, among others'. We can no longer afford to ignore him in this sector any more than we can ignore his spectacular contributions to peace and security.
By the time Gandhi's thinking on the subject matured in his classic treatise, Hind Swaraj, or Indian Home Rule (1909), he saw that our present economic system is being driven by a dangerous motive: the multiplication of wants. Because these wants are artificial—being that they created by advertising—and can never be satisfied, it creates what economist David Korten has called a “phantom economy” of fantastic financial manipulations that of course can never endure.
We will never know real prosperity—where we acknowledge that we are much more than producer/consumers and can only be fulfilled when we discover a higher purpose—until we shift to another basis entirely, the fulfillment of needs. We have physical needs, to be sure, but also and more importantly social and even spiritual ones.
While this takes us beyond the domain of economics proper, a sound economy based on our real needs is the foundation. What, then, are the principles of that which has come to be known as Gandhian economics, and how could we implement them?
Arguably the most revolutionary feature of this system is the concept of trusteeship, which defines the relationship of a person to material goods—or, for that matter, any talents they can deploy. Borrowed from English law, it is the nonviolent equivalent of ownership: people regard themselves as trustees of their possessions for the good of their respective societies, rather than as owners for their own real or symbolic benefit (when you have more than you need, you are trying to impress others or yourself with your own importance).
Wherever an attitude of trusteeship is recognized—and clearly it is first of all a psychological, and only then a legal phenomenon—greed would find it difficult to take hold. We would no longer over-consume, no longer surrender our responsibility to corporations as the most efficient instruments for overconsumption and accumulation, no longer need to fight wars over inessentials, no longer ravish the planet in a vain search for happiness—the prospect is giddying.
The trick, of course, is how to bring about this shift. Reeducation at this depth is not easy, but it is any day easier than trying to stop overconsumption and exploitation while so many people still feel that happiness is something they can buy, and there is not enough to go around. No revolution, however violent, has managed to dispossess the wealthy of their wealth against their will; but extremely wealthy people (think of George Soros and a few others) who have cheerfully redistributed it when the concept of trusteeship took hold.
Trusteeship, like much of Gandhi's thinking, falls in line with the wisdom delivered by scriptures East and West, that we are really not the owner of anything. Indeed it needs no scripture to tell us this, since the stark fact of life is that all we think we own can be taken away by any number of contingencies — and, let's face it, will be so taken by the final contingency of death. Trusteeship, however difficult to achieve, liberates us psychologically from the existential insecurity that is driving us into this dead end of competition and greed.
Other features of Gandhi's scheme are (material) simplicity, localism (svadeshi), the sanctity of “bread labour” (a phrase he got from John Ruskin), and nonviolence towards others and the earth itself. All came into play with his stellar program of spinning homespun cloth (khadi, or khaddar) that gave employment to otherwise idled millions (sound familiar?), united the country in a vast network of growers, spinners, weavers, and buyers, and, almost incidentally it seemed, broke the hold of the British Raj in India.
Today many experiments that could potentially provide one or another piece of this program are doing very well, thank you, around the world: community farms, local currencies, “transition towns” and so forth. One thing that would certainly help them coalesce into a real movement, making them a visible alternative to the “multiplication of wants” economy that's collapsing around our ears, is a voluntary shift to trusteeship carried out by individuals at their own pace in their own applications. And what's not doable about that—provided we stay clear of television long enough to repossess our minds?
Korten has advanced a brilliant three-part strategy: change the defining stories of the mainstream culture, create a new economic reality from the bottom up, and change the rules to support the values and institutions of the emergent new reality. Gandhian economics in general, and trusteeship in particular, would be a major enabling condition, working as it does within consciousness itself, for these great changes.
Monday's debacle points out once again that forward-thinking people need to provide a “safe haven” – a plausible, attractive alternative – for every sector of the current system that's showing signs of potentially terrifying collapse: security, education, healthcare, and of course the economy. Gandhi had eye-opening experiments we can learn from in all these areas, and what we've just sketched out would be a great place to start.
—
This story was made possible by our members. Become one today.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 31, 2017, 9:33 PM GMT / Updated July 31, 2017, 9:33 PM GMT By Alex Johnson
The United States imposed sanctions Monday on Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro in response to weekend elections that the Trump administration characterized as a sham meant to turn Maduro into a dictator.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and H.R. McMaster, President Donald Trump's national security adviser, announced that any of Maduro's assets subject to U.S. jurisdiction had been frozen and that Americans were prohibited from dealing with him.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro celebrates results of elections for his new National Constituent Assembly in Caracas on Monday. Nathalie Sayago / EPA
"Maduro is not just a bad leader. He is now a dictator," McMaster said at the White House, calling Sunday's elections to replace Venezuela's National Assembly with a new National Constituent Assembly an "outrageous seizure of absolute power."
The U.S. decision puts Maduro in "exclusive club" of dictators under U.S. sanctions, with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe, McMaster said.
Mnuchin, meanwhile, warned that "anyone who participates in this illegitimate [National Constituent Assembly] could be exposed to future U.S. sanctions for their role in undermining democratic processes and institutions in Venezuela."
Anti-government activists clash with security forces in Caracas, Venezuela, on Sunday. Ronaldo Schemidt / AFP - Getty Images
The direct impact on Maduro isn't clear, because authorities didn't reveal what assets he might have under U.S. jurisdiction. But Sen. Bill Nelson of Florida, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, noted, "I expect other countries will follow."
Nelson, saying the move should be only a first step "to stop Maduro from instituting a Cuban-style regime," called on the Trump administration to consider cutting off imports of Venezuelan oil.
It took the United States less than 24 hours to respond to Sunday's elections, which were widely boycotted and condemned by countries around the world.
Related: Venezuelans Vote on Controversial Plan for All-Powerful Constituent Assembly
"We will continue to take strong and swift actions against the architects of authoritarianism in Venezuela, including those who participate in the National Constituent Assembly," State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement.
"We encourage governments in the hemisphere and around the world to take strong action to hold accountable those who undermine democracy, deny human rights, bear responsibility for violence and repression, or engage in corrupt practices," Nauert said.
Mnuchin said Maduro, who succeeded his boss Hugo Chávez when he died in 2013, was "directly responsible for Venezuela's descent and for the destruction of democracy."
He said the sanctions emphasize the risk that "enablers of this regime could face."
There was no immediate statement from Maduro. But last week, after the U.S. Treasury imposed sanctions on 13 current and former Venezuelan officials in an attempt to stop the elections, he called U.S. leaders "imperialists" and accused Washington of seeking to become "the government of the world."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said a second independence referendum was "highly likely"
Scotland's first minister has said a second independence referendum is "highly likely" after the UK voted to leave the EU.
Nicola Sturgeon said it was "democratically unacceptable" that Scotland faced the prospect of being taken out of the EU against its will.
She said the Scottish government would begin preparing legislation to enable another independence vote.
Scotland voted in favour of the UK staying in the EU by 62% to 38%.
The UK as a whole has voted to leave, by a margin of 52% to 48%, prompting UK Prime Minister David Cameron to announce he would stand down by October.
The SNP manifesto for May's Holyrood elections said the Scottish Parliament should have the right to hold another referendum if there was a "significant and material change" in the circumstances that prevailed at the time of the 2014 referendum, such as Scotland being taken out of the EU against its will.
At a news conference in Edinburgh, Ms Sturgeon said: "It is, therefore, a statement of the obvious that a second referendum must be on the table, and it is on the table."
Is the time right for Indyref2? - BBC Scotland political editor Brian Taylor
Image copyright Getty Images
It looks "highly likely", says Nicola Sturgeon, that there will now be a second referendum upon Scottish independence.
Is she enthused by this prospect? Does she thrill at the notion? Is she buffing up her best lines from 2014? The answers to those questions would be no, no and, once again, no.
To be clear, for the avoidance of any doubt, Nicola Sturgeon remains rather keen on the concept of Scottish independence. Indeed, she yearns for it.
She knows that means another referendum at some point in the future. But not now. Not in these circumstances. Not in these troubled times.
Read more of Brian's blog
Ms Sturgeon said the Scottish cabinet would meet on Saturday and she would make a statement to MSPs on Tuesday.
The first minister said there was now a significant divergence between Scotland and the rest of Britain which she "deeply regretted".
A majority of voters in all 32 council areas in Scotland voted Remain.
Area-by-area in maps: See how people voted
Speaking at her official residence, Bute House, she said: "I intend to take all possible steps and explore all possible options to give effect to how people in Scotland voted - in other words to secure our continuing place in the EU, and in the single market in particular."
Asked if there were any other options available to the Scottish government, she replied: "I think an independence referendum is now highly likely but I also think it is important that we take time to consider all steps and have the discussions, not least to assess the response of the European Union to the vote that Scotland expressed yesterday."
She also revealed she had spoken to London Mayor Sadiq Khan since the result and that he shared, for London, the desire to remain in the EU. "There is clear common cause between us," she said.
How has Scotland reacted to the Brexit vote?
Image caption People gathered in Edinburgh and Glasgow to demonstrate against the result and show support for migrants
BBC Scotland took to the streets of towns and cities across the country to find out what people felt about the decision to leave the EU.
Ms Sturgeon said: "After a campaign that has been characterised in the rest of the UK by fear and hate, my priority in the days, weeks and months ahead will be to act at all times in the best interests of Scotland and in a way that unites, not divides us.
"Let me be clear about this. Whatever happens as a result of this outcome, England, Wales and Northern Ireland will always be Scotland's closest neighbours and our best friends - nothing will change that.
"But I want to leave no-one in any doubt about this. I am proud of Scotland and how we voted yesterday.
"We proved that we are a modern, outward looking and inclusive country and we said clearly that we do not want to leave the European Union.
"I determine to do what it takes to make sure these aspirations are realised."
Image caption Ms Davidson said she believed in Scotland's place within the United Kingdom "today as much as ever"
Image copyright PA Image caption Kezia Dugdale said the country did not need "more turmoil, more upheaval and more economic chaos"
Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson said she shared Ms Sturgeon's disappointment at the result - but she did not believe it justified holding another independence referendum.
In a statement she said: "Like the first minister I want to see stability prioritised in the days ahead. Scotland will open for business next week in the same way as it closes today.
"But I do not believe that a second independence referendum will help us achieve that stability nor that it is in the best interests of the people of Scotland."
Ms Davidson added that addressing the challenges of leaving the EU should not mean "leaving our own Union of nations".
She said she believed in Scotland's place within the UK "today as much as ever."
'Time for calmness'
Scottish Labour Leader Kezia Dugdale said the result was bad for jobs and the economy in Scotland and across the UK.
She added that she would be ready to work with Ms Sturgeon in the "best interests of the people of Scotland".
However, Ms Dugdale said she did not want to see a second Scottish independence referendum.
She explained: "On the question of independence, many of the fundamental questions that were unresolved and unanswered in 2014, remain so. Not least the question of currency. What we don't need today is more turmoil, more upheaval and more economic chaos."
Secretary of State for Scotland, David Mundell, said he would meet the Scottish government to ensure it was "fully involved" in negotiations surrounding the UK's withdrawal from the EU.
Responding to suggestions that the result could trigger a second independence referendum, he said now was "a time for calmness and deliberation, not pushing other personal or political agendas".
Image caption David Coburn said Nicola Sturgeon's talk of another referendum was "nonsense"
Scotland's only UKIP MEP David Coburn said it was "fantastic" that "we're out".
He added: "Whatever nonsense Nicola is coming out with, all this nonsense of another referendum, another neverendum - she's talking through her hat - because 40% of the population don't want anything to do with the EU."
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie said he was "angry that we have lost our place in Europe".
He said: "It is bad for our country and the people who live here. It means cutting our ties with our biggest economic market despite the consequences for trade, business, jobs and incomes."
Scottish Green co-convenor Patrick Harvie said Scotland "must keep open every option for protecting ourselves from this threat".
Tiemoué Bakayoko's on/off transfer to Chelsea remains very much in an ‘on' phase. After the Premier League champions grew tired of Bakayoko's entourage playing a game of hard-to-get, and moved on to other targets, those surrounding the French midfielder had a little panic and made sure not to lose the Chelsea chance.
In their Friday edition, L'Equipe report that Bakayoko has chosen to join Chelsea, despite both Manchester clubs wanting to sign him. The reasoning behind that decision is said to be the presence of Antonio Conte, someone Bakayoko obviously feels he could work well with.
Despite the player choosing, no deal has been agreed between Monaco and Chelsea yet. Whilst an ‘up-to' €30m offer has arrived from Stamford Bridge, Monaco are holding out for something like €45-50m.
L'Equipe believe the transfer is the ‘most plausible' run of events from here.
It's even thought that Bakayoko will be the next player to leave Monaco, so the club will need Chelsea to up their offer a bit.
Jack Dempsey/Associated Press
As the New England Patriots prepare to take on the Denver Broncos in the AFC Championship Game, Bill Belichick is in unfamiliar territory.
The Patriots head coach is used to devising game plans to stop Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning, but he's probably finding himself focusing much more closely on the running game than the passing game.
That's because the running game has been so central to the Broncos' offensive success this year, and likewise, it's the reason the Broncos earned a victory in the first meeting between these two teams. That week, the Broncos ran the ball 32 times and piled up 179 rushing yards and three touchdowns, including C.J. Anderson's game-winning 48-yard score in Denver's 30-24 overtime win.
There are a lot of lessons to be learned from that game—not the least of which is the importance of linebacker Dont'a Hightower, who was forced from that game with a knee injury.
As a team, though, the Patriots saw the kind of schemes that the Broncos are probably aiming to use on Sunday in the return match.
Credit: NFL Game Pass
One of the Patriots' biggest tests will be avoiding open-field blocks, where the Broncos like to get their linemen out in space to spring the running back free for big yards. That's what happened to the Patriots on the final play in overtime.
The Broncos' entire offensive line pulled from right to left, with center Matt Paradis and left tackle Ryan Harris pulling to block out in front of the play. Left guard Louis Vasquez and the two Broncos receivers on the left set up a wall, and on the other side of that wall were three Broncos offensive players ready to block three Patriots defenders.
Credit: NFL Game Pass
Paradis helped complete the wall on the left with a block on linebacker Jonathan Freeny. Tight end Virgil Green kept safety Devin McCourty at bay, and Harris came downhill with a block on cornerback Malcolm Butler.
At that point, all Anderson had to do was evade a tackle from safety Duron Harmon, and he was off to the races. A better angle and a better open-field tackle by Harmon would have prevented the touchdown, but the Broncos executed a lot of good blocks all over the field before that.
That being said, you'll notice one particular Patriots defender who's not on the field in the above screenshots: Hightower.
Go figure, the Patriots' run defense is much better with their best run-stopping linebacker on the field. But make no mistake: Stopping the run is not a one-man job.
But just like Julian Edelman had an obvious impact on the Patriots offense, Hightower's impact is equal against the run. According to Pro Football Focus, Hightower ranked in the top 10 among 4-3 outside linebackers against the run and 13th out of 42 in tackling efficiency.
Credit: NFL Game Pass
We can see why thanks to plays like this. Anderson ran off the right guard for a seven-yard gain on 2nd-and-3, so this wasn't technically a good play for the Patriots defense, but it was a great individual effort by Hightower to reach over the guard and still make a tackle despite being blocked to the ground.
Hightower has taken on the role of a one-man wrecking crew in the running game many times in his career, and while he can certainly help the Patriots' run defense, he can't do it alone.
The running game is central to the Broncos offense as a whole through play-action passing; Peyton Manning ranked 16th out of 37 quarterbacks in play-action percentage and 12th in play-action completion percentage. Manning's completion percentage was 57.8 on non-play-action throws, nearly 10 points lower.
Clearly, the Broncos offense is much more successful when the running game is moving effectively. The Patriots can throw a wrench in it all if they stop the run. But they're not strangers to this.
In fact, they've done this before against a Gary Kubiak offense. The current Broncos head coach was the head coach of the Houston Texans in 2012 and 2013, when the Patriots did a fairly good job of bottling up the run. The Patriots built big leads in two games in 2012 (one regular season, one in the playoffs) thanks to holding the Texans to just 191 total rushing yards on 50 carries.
That sounds like a lot, but the Texans averaged 132.7 rushing yards per game that season, and the Patriots held them to just 95.5 average in their two meetings. The Texans' lack of effectiveness on the ground is what caused Matt Schaub (53-of-83, 575 yards, two touchdowns, two interceptions in those two games) to play so poorly.
The Patriots could be looking for a similar result this week; if they shut down the run, it will force Manning to beat them with his arm. The future Hall of Famer has certainly been that kind of quarterback in the past, but not this year.
The consumer Vive includes Bluetooth phone integration to keep you connected while in VR
The HTC Vive will cost $200 more than its chief competition, the Oculus Rift. The $799 headset, powered by Valve's SteamVR, will ship with a controller for each hand and a pair of “Lighthouse” laser base stations to track movement in a room-scale environment.
Read More: HTC Explains Higher Price: “[Buyers] Don't Have To Get Other Pieces Later”
The price was revealed at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, where UploadVR confirmed Vive will ship with an internal microphone and integrated Bluetooth support to communicate with a variety of smartphones. For a limited time, the system will come bundled with two popular titles: Job Simulator and Fantastic Contraption.
Read More: Find Out If Your PC Is Ready To Run the Vive or Rift
Editors Note and Update: Another publication broke the embargo on this information so UploadVR is independently confirming what's already been made public. Updates to come at 9 a.m. PST with quotes from Valve and HTC. The wording of this post was updated slightly from its original version to clarify our independent confirmation of the facts.
Tagged with: htc, htc vive, valve
A broad terrorist Hamas infrastructure operating in the area of Abu Dis near Jerusalem planning to carry out suicide bombings in Israel was uncovered during the past few weeks, it was released for publication Wednesday.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The joint Shin Bet, IDF and police operation has led to the arrest of 25 Palestinians so far, mostly students from the University of Abu Dis. The Shin Bet investigation revealed that the cell was headed by Ahmed Gamal Moussa Azzam, 24, from Qalqilya, who was recruited by Hamas in the Gaza Strip a few months ago in order to establish a military infrastructure tp carry out deadly attacks against Israeli targets.
About a month ago Givati forces uncovered an explosives laboratory in Abu Dis and a Ramallah shop which provided the chemicals for the manufacture of explosive devices. Mainly raw chemical materials were found at the laboratory but the defense establishment noted that the scope and quality of the explosives laboratory has not been seen in the West Bank in a long time. and it thus constitutes evidence of the intentions of Hamas in the area to join in on the attacks against Israel in an organized fashion.
Members of the Hamas cell that was busted (Photo: Shin Bet)
Following that, fighters of the Duvdevan special forces unit and of the Border Police's counter-terrorism unit raided the homes of the cell members who were arrested and interrogated by Shin Bet. This is the most significant terrorist cell that has emerged during the last three months of terror attacks, most of which were carried out by lone terrorists. without organizational affiliation. The defense establishment believes that some of the 25 detainees are known to security authorities and that more arrests are expected.
Ahmed Azzam was in constant contact with his handlers in the Gaza Strip and was trained by them to serve as an explosives expert to manufacture explosive belts and explosive devices. As per his handlers' instructions, Azzam recruited several other activists studying with him at Abu Dis University, to purchase materials for the manufacture of explosives, rent apartments, recruit suicide bombers and get them into Israel.
The method: recruiting Israeli citizens to carry out attacks
Among the recruits were also two students enrolled at Abu Dis University and recruited by Azzam, intending to take advantage of their freedom of movement. One of them is Hazem Ziad Omran Sanduqa, 22, a resident of Jerusalem's Old City. He was recruited for the purpose of purchasing materials and collecting information about possible targets and to bring terrorists and explosives inside the Green Line.
Chemicals seized by the Shin Bet (Photo: Shin Bet)
Fahdi Dawud Muhammad Abu Qayan, 19, a Bedouin-Israeli citizen, a resident of Hura in the Negev, who admitted that in early October 2015 he agreed to Azzam's proposal to carry out an attack within the Green Line by bringing in an explosive belt or a car bomb. During interrogation the Shin Bet said that besides the two activities as part of the Hamas infrastructure in Abu Dis, are supporters Daa"s and acting in concert to local Salafist frames, each locality.
At the same time, another Hamas cell was uncovered in the Bethlehem area, some of whose members were students at Abu Dis University and who were recruited to serve as suicide bombers. Among its members is Issa Nasser Issa Shoka, 19, a resident of Bethlehem, who agreed to Azzam's proposal to carry out a suicide attack and helped Azzam receive money from Gaza.
Shoka recruited Mohammed Walid Ahmed Sarhan, 20, from Bethlehem, to carry out a suicide bombing in Jerusalem with him, as well as Mohammed Naim Issa Ali, 19, from Bethlehem, to carry out an attack on behalf of the cell.
Meet Mike Fiers, the Milwaukee Brewers rookie starting pitcher, who was drafted in the 22nd round of the 2009 MLB Draft. Friers joined the club on May 29th, and has only led the league in ERA since.
Fiers started his career in 2009 and played for 3 different teams that season.
Fiers started out with the Brewers Rookie ball team, the Helena Brewers. Fiers had 13 appearances, and Fiers did not start a single game. Fiers pitched 21 innings with a 1.29 ERA, 35 strikeouts, 8 saves and a WHIP of 0.713 before being called up. Fiers was called up to the Wisconsin Timber Rattlers, the Brewers lower A team. Fiers would only appear in 3 games where Fiers gave up no runs in just 6 innings pitched before be called up again that season. Fiers would be called up to the Brevard County Manatees, the Brewers high A team. Fiers played in 6 games with the Manatees and had a ERA of 1.88 with and 16 strikeouts in just 13.2 innings pitched.
The 2010 season would have Fiers starting with Brevard County, but yet again Fiers would be on his way up.
Fiers played in 17 games, in which he started 15 of them. Fiers would end the season with a 4-8 record to go along with a 3.47ERA, and 130 strikeouts in 93.1 innings pitched. Fiers would be called up to the Huntsville Stars, the Brewers AA team. He would start in 4 games, and came out of the bullpen in 6 games. Fiers ended the season with a 1-1 record, 3.69 ERA, and 36 strikeouts in just 31.2 innings pitched.
Fiers played most of the 2011 season with the Huntsville Stars, but in similar fashion to the previous years, Fiers would again move up the Brewers system.
Fiers played in 22 games with just 8 starts. Fiers was 5-3 with a 2.64 ERA with 5 saves,63 strikeouts, and a 0.913 WHIP in 61.1 innings pitched. Fiers was called up to the Nashville Sounds, where he started in 10 of his 12 games played. Fiers would end the season with a 8-0 record, 1.11 ERA, 69 strikeouts, and a 0.974 WHIP in 64.2 innings pitched. Fiers pitched in 2 games for the Milwaukee Brewers when he made his Major League Debut on September 14, 2011. Fiers would pitch just 2 innings, giving up no runs and striking out 2.
Fiers played in 10 games with Nashville this 2012 season before being called up to the Milwaukee Brewers on May 29th. Fiers had a 1-3 record, 4.42 ERA, and 49 strikeouts before he was called up. Now after his start last night which saw Fiers go 8 innings, giving up just 1 run of 3 hits, while striking out 7. Fiers has now started 12 games for the Brewers, and has a 6-4 record on the season. What's most impressive is that Fiers has a 1.80 ERA on the season, which is the lowest in the MLB since May 29th. Fiers had a 9.6 K/9 in his 4 seasons with his many teams, and so far he hasn't slowed down in the majors. Fiers has a 9.0 K/9 with the Brewers this season, to go along with a 1.8 BB/9 or walks per nine innings pitched. Fiers has a 5.0 K/BB this season which is very impressive for a young pitcher who strikes a lot of people out. Fiers has shown he is ready to stay and could possibly end the season close to the top in Cy Young and Rookie of the Year awards.
With Fiers having the lowest ERA in the N.L. he has just a 6-4 record. In Fiers 4 losses, he had only 1 real bad outing in which he went 5 innings while giving up 4 runs. Fiers had 2 losses in which he pitched 13 innings and gave up 4 runs in the combined games. Fiers is someone to look at in the future, and could be an up and coming star.
Coach Tom
Advertisements
We Are Scientists are unveiling "Hold On", a new track from upcoming LP Helter Seltzer, on Best Fit.
The new track follows "Buckle", "Too Late", "Forgiveness", and "Classic Love" in previewing We Are Scientist's fifth LP.
Writing about the track, the band's Keith Murray explains its origins:
"Hold On" is a song about having your bluff called. I've learned the hard way that it's probably not a good idea to suggest calling it a day in a relationship just to provoke a response, rather than to air your reservations and then learn to manage them. You know, like an adult. The lyrics to "Hold On" were written after a very long night spent in a bar in the East Village trying to logically back-track my way into someone's good graces. I'm not sure if I can chalk my success up to my unusually persuasive debate skills, or to simple fatigue, delicious cocktails, and her generally charitable nature. In any case, the next time I passed that bar, it had closed down for good, and I sort of always felt like it took the hit for me, that night. I really appreciate it.
We spent a long time trying to get that main fuzz bass line to sound as disgusting as possible. I just remember repeating to Max Hart, as a mantra, that we wanted that bass to be "a leviathan, emerging from the abyss." Over and over, ad nauseum. In retrospect, we're pretty lucky to have gotten through this song without being slapped by our producer, but the heart wants what it wants, and our hearts wanted an emergent leviathan.
Helter Seltzer is out 22 April via 100% Records.
Take a listen to "Hold On" below, and check out the band's upcoming UK shows after.
April
22 - London, Rough Trade East (Instore)
24 - Bristol, Rise (Instore
24 ‐ Bristol, Bierkeller
25 - Nottingham, Rough Trade (Instore)
25 ‐ Nottingham, Rescue Rooms
26 ‐ Newcastle, Riverside
27 ‐ Birmingham, Library (Institute)
29 ‐ Leicester, Handmade Festival
30 ‐ Leeds, Live At Leeds Festival
May
1 ‐ Glasgow, Live In Glasgow Festival
3 ‐ Manchester, Academy 2
4 ‐ London, KOKO
5 - Brighton, Concorde 2
Staffers at Apple may be amused by an insightful report in Ars Technica this morning suggesting that Samsung's new Note 3 has been scoring a little too well in the tech website's benchmark tests -- the conclusion is that Samsung has been artificially boosting the device's benchmark scores for speed and processing power.
Phil Schiller, senior vice president of marketing at Apple, couldn't help but say something publicly, tweeting a link to the story and adding "shenanigans," directly after it was published.
Ars Technica's Ron Amadeo had noticed a discrepancy when he was using various apps to test the speed of Samsung's 2.3GHz Snapdragon 800 processor, which performed better than the very same processor made by Qualcomm , in the G2 phone made by LG.
He eventually discovered that the Galaxy Note 3 had employed a high-powered CPU mode that kicked in when the device ran a large number of popular benchmarking apps like Geekbench, essentially ramping up the phone's CPU into the fastest speed possible. Samsung had done this before with its flagship S4 phone, he said, but this was the first time Amadeo had seen the boosting technique on a U.S. device.
Schiller hasn't been shy in the past of calling out his competitors. Earlier this year he complained to Reuters about Android's fragmented experience, and criticized Samsung for introducing a phone with a year-old operating system that would need updating. He made the comments the day before Samsung unveiled its Galaxy S4 smartphone.
Schiller can fall back on some credibility when it comes to benchmark scores, though. The recently-launched Apple 5S is the first smartphone to use a 64-bit processor based on ARM's architecture, making it the fastest mobile processor out there.
His book Band of Brothers – which chronicled the exploits of one company of US airborne troops in second world war Europe – was turned into a highly praised TV series.
But now American historian Professor Stephen Ambrose, who was President Dwight D Eisenhower's official biographer and wrote or edited more than a dozen books about him, is embroiled in a posthumous controversy. It is alleged that he invented many meetings he claimed to have had with Eisenhower, and even fabricated entire interviews with him. The revelations have sent shock waves through the scholarly community in the United States.
The books written by Ambrose, who died in 2002, brought him popular acclaim, and director Steven Spielberg used him as a military adviser on his 1998 Oscar-winning film Saving Private Ryan. Band of Brothers became a cultural milestone when it was turned into a TV series on which Ambrose was a producer. It was hailed for educating an entire generation about the sacrifices of their forefathers. But it appears that Ambrose indulged in some sort of fantasy about the extent of his relationship with Eisenhower. In TV interviews, he claimed to have spent "hundreds and hundreds of hours" with the former president. He even once said he would spend two days a week working with Eisenhower in his office.
However, recently studied records of Eisenhower's meetings contradict the notion that the pair had any lengthy face-to-face contact. "I think five hours [in total] is a generous estimation of the actual time they spent together. I personally would push it back to less than two or three," said Tim Rives, deputy director of the Eisenhower Presidential Library in Abilene, Kansas.
The discovery came to light almost by accident. The museum had been planning an exhibition exploring the relationship between Ambrose and Eisenhower. Rives found that the records showed that Ambrose and Eisenhower had met only three times, and never alone. He found that on seven occasions when Ambrose had claimed in the footnotes to his book Supreme Commander to have met Eisenhower, his subject was either elsewhere in the country or holding meetings with other people at the time. In one example, Ambrose claimed to have had an interview with Eisenhower in Pennsylvania, when Eisenhower was in Kansas. "The whole story kind of unravelled from there. It was quite a surprise. We were not looking for it, so it sort of happened almost by accident," Rives said.
Given that the lives of former presidents are meticulously detailed by their staff, there is almost no chance Ambrose could have held interviews with Eisenhower that went unrecorded.
Later claims by Ambrose in other books to have interviewed Eisenhower lack specific dates or places, but were just footnoted as "Interview with DDE". However, the range of subjects Ambrose claimed to have discussed with Eisenhower increased to take in topics such as giving up smoking or the Vietnam war.
Rives believes there is no way that Ambrose could have discussed such a vast array of subjects in the tiny amount of time he actually spent with his subject. "I find that very doubtful. That should be something that would be a concern for scholars. It could cast doubt."
Ambrose claimed that Eisenhower asked him to be his biographer by ringing him out of the blue in 1964. But Rives found letters from Ambrose to Eisenhower introducing himself and then asking him to agree to Ambrose writing his biography. This is not the first scandal over Ambrose's work. In 2002 he was accused of plagiarism in his book The Wild Blue. His publisher issued an apology but Ambrose said he had merely failed to put some short passages taken from elsewhere in quotation marks.
A BABY and his two-year-old brother were killed when their father threw himself off Beachy Head with them, an inquest heard.
John Chetwynd, 43, took his children to the notorious suicide spot after assaulting his Vietnamese wife with a rounders bat.
Only two bodies were discovered following the tragedy which happened nearly seven years ago, with rescuers unable to find the missing two-year-old.
Now a coroner has ruled that the toddler, Kevin, was unlawfully killed.
Accountant Chetwynd drove from his home in Hayes, Middlesex to the notorious suicide spot on June 23, 1997.
His body and that of 11-month-old son Christopher were found two days later.
The inquest could only be held until Coroner Alan Craze was satisfied that all efforts had been made to trace Kevin.
He heard that Chetwynd disappeared with his two children after beating their mother, Thi Lee, unconscious with a child's rounders bat.
He then drove to Beachy Head in his Rover.
Detective Sergeant Simon Barnes of Sussex Police CID said Chetwynd's car was spotted abandoned two days later on June 25.
He said, 'A search of the local area was done and the bodies of a man and boy were discovered. They were taken to the morgue and later positively identified.'
DS Barnes told the inquest that Chetwynd had previously been married to Tina Valentine and had two other children.
But the relationship ended and he moved to Acton, west London.
Chetwynd then began working in the accounts department at the French Croissant Company where a Vietnamese colleague gave him the contact address of Thi Lee, a 31-year-old nurse.
Chetwynd went to Vietnam and married her in 1991.
She then came to the UK.
DS Barnes added, 'The marriage was not a happy relationship. On occasions he would take his wife and children to friends' addresses and not return to pick them up.
'It was also suggested that on occasions he would hit Kevin.
'They (Thi Lee and Chetwynd) would argue constantly and he would tell her to go back to Vietnam.'
On June 23, 1997 Chetwynd carried out his assault on his wife. She suffered a fractured skull and spent a few days in hospital.
She crawled to a neighbour's house where the police were called.
Letters to Chetwynd's father, Dennis, who lives in Margate, were found by the abandoned vehicle at the top of the cliffs.
Chetwynd claimed his wife was not a fit mother and described her as 'awful and dangerous'.
Mr Craze said that all attempts to locate Kevin had been explored with 'wholly negative results'.
He recorded a verdict of unlawful killing.
While we all celebrate that Donald so-called Trump will not, thank heavens, be attending the annual White House Correspondents' Dinner, we're still allowed to laugh at his team's reasons. It's because the press is MEAN to them! Nobody told Donald the press would be MEAN to him!
“You know, one of the things we say in the South [is] ‘If a Girl Scout egged your house, would you buy cookies from her?' I think that this is a pretty similar scenario,” [ spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders] added. “There's no reason for him to go in and sit and pretend like this is going to be just another Saturday night.”
Donald Trump has been in office a month, and it's been clear since the first weekend that he's mentally not fit to do the job. His narcissistic obsession with battling those that would say even the slightest word against him consists the near-entirety of his day job, as he whines about leaks from his own administration, and the horror of reporters reporting on the leaks coming from his administration, and the double-horror of reporters reporting that despite what ol' snuffleface has been yelling there are indeed multiple investigations into the actions of Trump's campaign team vis-a-vis that whole Russia tampering with our elections business.
The man who launched his political career claiming that the then-current president was not even a real American has been completely crippled with rage that, after gaining the same office, people are saying nasty things about him. He was unprepared for Saturday Night Live to make fun of him. He was flummoxed by reporters wanting to ask him questions about things other than his own greatness. He was sent into spasms of tiny-fingered rage over someone, somewhere in Washington, not agreeing with his latest baffling pronouncements.
And now the whole of the White House appears to be engaged in one long round of babysitting the manchild through each one of his tantrums. If it means bashing the notion of a free press, they'll do it. If it means lying to the public about things that are trivially disproven fifteen minutes later, they'll do it. Don't ask the manchild's administration hard questions, American reporters, or by gum maybe we just won't have press briefings at all anymore, you meanies.
All in an effort to protect Donald Freaking Trump from having hurt fee-fees. Good God, what a pathetic little child. Scratch that—it's the whole White House. There's apparently not a single inch of backbone to be found in the manchild's entire team. Forget reporters, we need to send in a team of top scientists to study this new species of somewhat-sentient snowflakes!
Yusuf Izzettin is the given name, the Efendi, and there is no family name. In this Ottoman Turkish style name,is the given name, the title is, and there is no family name.
Şehzade Yusuf Izzeddin (Ottoman Turkish: شہزادہ یوسف عزالدین‎; 29 September 1857 – 1 February 1916) was an Ottoman prince, the son of Sultan Abdülaziz and his wife Dürrünev Kadın.
Biography [ edit ]
Prince Yusuf lived in obscurity from the time of his father's death in 1876 until the dethronement of his cousin, Sultan Abdul Hamid II in 1909. Under the Turkish constitution, Yusuf, the oldest Ottoman prince, became heir to his cousin, Mehmed V. Considered a modernizer and reformer, he apparently committed suicide on 1 February 1916. It was suspected at the time that he might have been murdered at the connivance of the powerful minister of war, Enver Pasha, with whom he had clashed.
Family [ edit ]
He married six times:
Çeşmiahu Hanım (buried in Istanbul, Askaray, Pertevniyal Sultan Mausoleum), married at Beşiktaş Palace, Istanbul, and had: Șehzade Mehmed Bahaeddin (February 1883 – 8 November 1883, buried in Istanbul, Askaray, Pertevniyal Valide Sultan Türbesi).
Cavidan Hanım alias Züleyha (née Esma Achba, Kars, Caucasus, 12 January 1870 – Goztepe, Istanbul, c. 1935), married at Istanbul, Beşiktaş Palace, 20 May 1885, daughter of Ömer Pasha Achba by his wife Ayşe Kemalifer Hanım Dziapş-lpa, daughter of Mahmud Bey Dziapş-lpa by his wife Halime Hanım Çikotua, without issue.
1935), married at Istanbul, Beşiktaş Palace, 20 May 1885, daughter of Ömer Pasha Achba by his wife Ayşe Kemalifer Hanım Dziapş-lpa, daughter of Mahmud Bey Dziapş-lpa by his wife Halime Hanım Çikotua, without issue. Nazikeda Hanım (née Amine Aredba, Sohum, 30 May 1872 – Erenkoy, Asia Minor, c. 1946), married at Istanbul, Beşiktaş Palace on 6 July 1886, daughter of Halil Bey Aredba, without issue.
1946), married at Istanbul, Beşiktaş Palace on 6 July 1886, daughter of Halil Bey Aredba, without issue. Tazende Hanım (née Faika, Poti, 10 October 1875 – Ortakoy, c. 1950), married at Istanbul, Beşiktaş Palace on 15 October 1892, without issue.
1950), married at Istanbul, Beşiktaş Palace on 15 October 1892, without issue. Ebruniyaz Hanım, married at Istanbul, Çamılça Palace, without issue.
Leman Hanım Ünlüsoy (Batum, 6 June 1888 – Çamılça Palace, Istanbul, 3 August 1953), married at Istanbul, Çamılça Palace on 4 February 1904, daughter of Ahmed Bey by his wife Şükriye Hanım, and had: Șehzade Mehmed Nizameddin (Beşiktaş Palace, Istanbul, 18 December 1908 – Locarno, Italy, 19 March 1933, buried in Sultan Mahmud II Mausoleum, Istanbul), Lieut. Ottoman Army. Hatice Şükriye Sultan (Çamılça Palace, Scutari, 24 February 1906 – Cairo, Egypt, 1 April 1972, buried in Sultan Mahmud Mausoleum, Istanbul), received the Şefkat Nişanı 1st class, married firstly at Istanbul, Nişantaşi Palace on 14 November 1923 and divorced at Cairo, 15 June 1927, to Șehzade Damat Mehmed Şerifeddin (Ortakoy Palace, Istanbul, 19 May 1904 – 1966), second son of Șehzade Suleiman, by his third wife, Tarziter Hanım, married secondly at Cairo, Egypt, on 4 September 1935 and divorced, to Shaikh Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, Ruler of Kuwait ( c. 1885 – Dasman Palace, Kuwait City, 29 January 1950), the eldest son of Shaikh Jaber II Al-Sabah, Ruler of Kuwait, she married at Cairo, April 1949, to Damat Mehmed Şefik Zia Bey Efendi (Cyprus, c. 1894 – 197?), son of Hasan Bahcat. Mihriban Mihrişah Sultan (Beşiktaş Palace, Istanbul, 30 August 1916 – Istanbul, 25 January 1987, buried in Sultan Mahmud II Mausoleum), married at Alexandria, 31 July 1948, as his second wife, Captain Șehzade Ömer Faruk (Ortakoy Palace, Istanbul, 29 February 1898 – 28 March 1969), only son of Caliph Abdülmecid II, by his first wife Şehsuvar Kadın.
Honours [ edit ]
Ottoman orders and decorations:
Foreign orders and decorations:
Sources [ edit ]
New York Times, 4 February 1916
For the EP by black metal band Krieg, see Patrick Bateman (EP)
Patrick Bateman is a fictional character, the villain protagonist[1][2] and narrator of the novel American Psycho by Bret Easton Ellis, and its film adaptation. He is a wealthy, materialistic Wall Street investment banker who leads a double life as a serial killer. Bateman has also briefly appeared in other Ellis novels and their film and theater adaptations.
Biography and profile [ edit ]
Bateman works as a specialist in mergers and acquisitions at the fictional Wall Street investment firm of Pierce & Pierce (also Sherman McCoy's firm in The Bonfire of the Vanities[3]) and lives at 55 West 81st Street, Upper West Side on the 11th floor of the American Gardens Building (where he is a neighbor of actor Tom Cruise). In his secret life, however, Bateman is a serial killer murdering a variety of people, from colleagues to the homeless to prostitutes. His crimes—including rape, torture, necrophilia, and cannibalism—are described in graphic detail in the novel.
Bateman comes from a wealthy family. His parents have a house on Long Island, and he mentions a summer house in Newport. His parents divorced sometime earlier, while his mother became sick and now resides at a sanatorium. His father, who first appeared in Ellis' preceding novel The Rules of Attraction, grew up on an estate in Connecticut, and now owns an apartment in the Carlyle Hotel in Manhattan. He is assumed to be dead as he is mentioned only in past tense during the novel.[4] Bateman's younger brother Sean attends Camden College (and is a protagonist of Ellis' previous novel, The Rules of Attraction, in which Patrick Bateman was first introduced). Bateman attended Phillips Exeter Academy for prep school. He graduated from Harvard College in 1984 and Harvard Business School two years later, and moved to New York City.
By the end of the novel, he believes he is about to be arrested for murdering a colleague named Paul Owen, and leaves a message on his lawyer's answering machine confessing to his crimes. When he runs into his lawyer at a party, however, the man mistakes him for somebody else and tells him that the message must have been a joke, as he had met with Owen only days earlier. Bateman realizes that the punishment and notoriety he desires will be forever out of his reach, and that he is trapped inside a pointless existence: "This is not an exit".
Personality [ edit ]
As written by Ellis, Bateman is the ultimate stereotype of yuppie greed; rich, shallow, and addicted to sex, drugs, and conspicuous consumption. All of his friends look alike to him, to the point that he often confuses one for another; they often confuse him for other people as well. Bateman takes delight in obsessively detailing virtually every single feature of his designer clothes, workout routine, business cards, alcoholic drinks, elaborate high-end stereo and home theater sound system. He is engaged to an equally rich, shallow woman named Evelyn Richards. He has a mistress on the side and has regular liaisons with prostitutes and women he encounters at clubs, many of whom end up being his victims. The one woman (and possibly the one person) in his life he has anything approaching feelings for is his secretary, Jean. He feels that she is the only person in his life who is not completely shallow, so he cannot bring himself to seduce or kill her. He casually acknowledges her as "Jean, my secretary who is in love with me" and introduces her in the narration as someone whom he "will probably end up married to someday".
Despite his affluence and high social status, Bateman is wracked by feelings of insecurity and self-hatred. He kills many of his victims because they make him feel inadequate, usually by having better taste than he does. He is deeply disliked by others as well—his friends mock him as the "boy next door"; his own lawyer refers to him as a "bloody ass-kisser... a brown-nosing goody-goody"; and he is often dismissed as "yuppie trash" by people outside his social circle.
Bateman often expresses doubts regarding his own sanity and he has periodic attacks of psychosis, during which he hallucinates. It is left open to interpretation whether Bateman actually commits the acts he describes, or whether he is merely hallucinating them; he is, therefore, an unreliable narrator. In the climax of the story, Bateman calls his lawyer and leaves a lengthy, detailed message confessing all of his crimes. He later runs into his lawyer, who mistakes him for someone else and dismisses the confession as a joke, also claiming to have had dinner with one of his victims after Bateman had supposedly killed him, leaving the supposed reality of Bateman's acts open to audience interpretation.[5]
Although Bateman often claims that he is devoid of emotion, he also describes experiencing moments of extreme rage, panic or grief—being on the "verge of tears"—often over trivial inconveniences such as remembering to return videotapes or trying to obtain dinner reservations. In the middle of dismembering a victim, he breaks down, sobbing that he "just wants to be loved". He takes psychotropics, like Xanax, to control these emotions. He publicly espouses a philosophy of tolerance, equality and "traditional moral values" because he thinks it will make him more likable. He also has a very nihilistic philosophy, believing that everything, such as morals, choices, principles, etc., are all ultimately meaningless.
Bateman compensates for these insecurities through obsessive vanity and personal grooming, with unwavering attention to detail. He buys the most fashionable, expensive clothing and accessories possible (e.g., Salvatore Ferragamo, Alan Flusser and Valentino suits, Oliver Peoples glasses and Jean Paul Gaultier, Louis Vuitton and Bottega Veneta leather goods) as a means of effecting some "control" over his otherwise chaotic life. Likewise, he categorizes people by what they wear and how they look because they are more easily "understood" in terms of labels and stereotypes. Bateman's apartment also is firmly controlled in terms of look and taste, with the latest music, food, and art.
Bateman kills more or less indiscriminately, with no preferred type of victim and no consistent or preferred method of killing. Throughout the novel, he kills men, women, animals, and, in one instance, a child. Bateman murders women mostly for sadistic sexual pleasure, often during or just after sex, and is also a prolific rapist. He kills men because they anger or annoy him or make him feel inferior. In the case of the child, Bateman wished to see if he would enjoy it, but found it unsatisfactory since the child's death would not affect as many people as an adult's would. Periodically, he matter-of-factly confesses his crimes to his friends, co-workers, and even complete strangers ("I like to dissect girls, did you know I'm utterly insane") just to see if they are actually listening to him. They either are not, or they think that he is joking.
Outside American Psycho [ edit ]
Bateman made his first appearance in Ellis' 1987 novel The Rules of Attraction (in which Sean, his brother, is a main character); no indication is given that he is a serial killer. Bateman also makes a short appearance in Ellis' 1998 novel Glamorama, with "strange stains" on the lapel of his Armani suit.
Bateman also appeared in the American Psycho 2000 e-mails (transcribed here), which were written as an advertisement campaign for the movie. Although they are often mistakenly credited to Ellis, they were actually written by one or more unnamed authors and approved by Ellis before being sent out. American Psycho 2000 served as a sort of "e-quel" to the original novel. The e-mails take place in 2000, a little over a decade since the novel. Bateman is in psychotherapy with a Dr. M. He is also married to Jean, his former secretary. They have a son, Patrick Bateman Jr. (P.B.), who is eight years old. In the story, Bateman talks about therapy, trying to get a divorce from Jean, his renewed feelings about murder, and idolizing his son. In the end, it is revealed that the 'real' Bateman, who 'writes' the e-mails, is the owner of the company that produces the movie.
Bateman appeared in Ellis's 2005 novel Lunar Park, in which the fictionalised Bret Easton Ellis confesses that writing American Psycho felt like channeling the words of a violent spirit rather than writing anything himself. This ghost—Bateman—haunts Ellis's home. A character also comes to Ellis's Halloween party dressed as Patrick Bateman, and a copycat killer is seemingly patterning himself on Bateman. Toward the novel's end, Ellis writes the 'last' Bateman story as a way of confronting and controlling the character, as well as the issues Ellis created Bateman as a means of countering. Bateman, for all intents and purposes, dies in a fire on a boat dock.
In the Showtime series Dexter, protagonist Dexter Morgan, himself a serial killer, uses the alias "Dr. Patrick Bateman" to acquire M-99 for the use of incapacitating his victims.
There is a recurring character in the video game Criminal Case named Christian Bateman (a combination of the names Christian Bale and Patrick Bateman) modeled after the character.
In film and stage [ edit ]
Though Christian Bale had been the first choice for the part by both Ellis and Harron, the producers offered the part to Keanu Reeves, Edward Norton, and Brad Pitt. Leonardo DiCaprio was set to play the character, but Ellis (as explained in the American Psycho DVD) decided he would appear too young, especially immediately after Titanic. Bateman was also portrayed by Dechen Thurman, a brother of Uma Thurman, in the 2000 documentary This Is Not an Exit: The Fictional World of Bret Easton Ellis. Michael Kremko played Bateman in the spin-off American Psycho 2, in which the character is killed by a would-be victim. Aside from the character appearing in the film, the sequel has no other connection to the previous film and has been denounced by Ellis.[6]
Scenes with the character were shot for the 2002 film adaptation of The Rules of Attraction. Ellis revealed in an interview that director Roger Avary asked Bale to reprise the role, but Bale turned down the offer, and Avary asked Ellis himself to portray Bateman. Ellis refused, stating that he "thought it was such a terrible and gimmicky idea", and Avary eventually shot the scenes with Casper Van Dien. The scenes, however, were ultimately cut from the final version of the film.
In a 2009 interview with Black Book, director Mary Harron said, "We talked about how Martian-like [the character] Patrick Bateman was, how he was looking at the world like somebody from another planet, watching what people did and trying to work out the right way to behave, and then one day [Christian] called me and he had been watching Tom Cruise on David Letterman, and he just had this very intense friendliness with nothing behind the eyes, and he was really taken with this energy."[7]
Doctor Who star Matt Smith[8] played the role in the 2013 stage musical version of the novel, with music and lyrics by Duncan Sheik and a book by Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa, at London's Almeida Theatre.[9] In 2016, Benjamin Walker portrayed Bateman in a Broadway production of the musical, which ran from March 21-June 5, 2016.
Chronology [ edit ]
October 1962: Patrick Bateman is born. [10]
1980: Bateman graduates from Phillips Exeter Academy.
1984: Bateman graduates from Harvard University.
1985: Bateman has a short discussion with his estranged brother Sean about his future.
1986: Bateman graduates from Harvard Business School. From the time of his graduation, through the end of American Psycho , Bateman works at Pierce & Pierce.
ca. 1996: Bateman shows up at Victor's club in Glamorama with "strange stains" on his suit.
with "strange stains" on his suit. 2000: Bateman enters therapy with a Dr. M. This appears in the American Psycho 2000 e-mails. In these emails, he is divorcing Jean, to whom he has been married for at least five years, and with whom he has a son. He has started his own brokerage firm and seems to be wealthier than he was in the original novel. His tastes are even more refined. His homicidal tendencies (or thoughts) seem to have cooled a little with the birth of his son and have mellowed as he has gotten older, but have not disappeared completely.
e-mails. In these emails, he is divorcing Jean, to whom he has been married for at least five years, and with whom he has a son. He has started his own brokerage firm and seems to be wealthier than he was in the original novel. His tastes are even more refined. His homicidal tendencies (or thoughts) seem to have cooled a little with the birth of his son and have mellowed as he has gotten older, but have not disappeared completely. 2003: Ellis kills off Patrick Bateman by writing an account of the serial killer being trapped in a pier fire. See Lunar Park.
DOWNTOWN — The CTA will offer free bus and train rides on New Year's Eve.
The free rides will run 10 p.m. Dec. 31-4 a.m. Jan. 1. The CTA's hours will be extended and there will be more frequent service on some bus and train routes as well, according to a CTA news release.
“We at CTA are happy to provide our customers with free, safe and reliable transportation this New Year's Eve,” CTA President Dorval Carter Jr. said in the news release. “We wish everyone a very happy new year and encourage revelers to leave their keys at home and let CTA be their designated driver.”
Signs will be up to remind riders they don't have to pay, according to the CTA, and Ventra readers at stations will be turned off. No refunds will be offered if riders do use their cards to pay at fare-card readers during the free period, though.
The program has been available thanks to a Miller Lite sponsorship for five years. Last year, the CTA gave more than 113,000 rides during its free period.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here.
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's new campaign CEO, Steve Bannon, berated Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE on his radio show last spring, repeatedly questioning whether Ryan was “manifestly unfit” to be president and saying the Wisconsin Republican was “rubbing his social-justice Catholicism in my nose every second.”
Bannon, who at the time was serving as the top executive at the conservative outlet Breitbart News Network, faulted Ryan and his GOP leadership team for failing to rescind President Obama's executive actions on immigration and defund Planned Parenthood after scrutiny of the group's fetal tissue program.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Paul Ryan is a Catholic in good standing. He's rubbing his social-justice Catholicism in my nose every second,” Bannon said during a March 8 interview with Princeton law professor Robert P. George, who is Catholic and a vocal Trump critic.
“Did Paul Ryan as Speaker of the House and a leader in the House ... has the Republican leadership in the House, have they stopped one of those executive actions of President Obama?” Bannon continued, quizzing George. “Did they just not pass an omnibus bill, sir, that fully financed Planned Parenthood and fully financed, not just the abortion mills but the mills that monetize the baby parts? Did Paul Ryan not lead that and not say that we must do that omnibus bill, sir? Yes or no?”
During the 10-minute interview, Bannon was livid over an open letter that George and George Weigel, an informal Ryan adviser, had written to Catholics stating that Trump had no business being president.
“Donald Trump is manifestly unfit to be president of the United States,” George and Weigel wrote in their letter, published in National Review and signed by nearly 40 Catholic leaders in the U.S. “His campaign has already driven our politics down to new levels of vulgarity. His appeals to racial and ethnic fears and prejudice are offensive to any genuinely Catholic sensibility.”
Bannon argued that George's characterization of Trump as “manifestly unfit” had crossed the line. And he began questioning whether George also believed the new Speaker was unqualified to be president.
“Is he unfit, is Paul Ryan unfit, sir, manifestly unfit?” Bannon asked. “Are you a hypocrite for not calling Paul Ryan to be manifestly unfit?"
“Would you guys get ahead of the curve? Can I get back to your 60 writers right now today and get them on a conference call? Can we put out a letter that says Paul Ryan is manifestly unfit to be president of the United States?”
Breibart has had the knives out for Ryan since he succeeded Ohio Republican John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE as Speaker last October.
Last week, The Hill reported that Bannon made clear to Breitbart staffers that he wanted to ruin Ryan's political career and what he called Ryan's “globalist” agenda.
Two months after Bannon's radio interview with George, Breitbart targeted Ryan's children — a move that shocked many in Washington, since children are typically off-limits in politics. The Breitbart story suggested Ryan was hypocritical for blasting Trump's proposed ban on Muslims as a “religious test” while sending his own kids to a Catholic school that uses such a test in its admissions process.
And for months, Breitbart attacked Ryan and promoted his primary opponent, Paul Nehlen, in dozens of stories. “Desperate Paul Ryan Floods Wisconsin with Misleading Television Ads,” read one headline.
Ryan soundly defeated Nehlen 84 percent to 16 percent.
Ryan spokesman Brendan Buck declined to comment for this story. Emails to two top Trump campaign aides seeking comment were not returned.
However, those who know Bannon say his disdain for Ryan was obvious.
Bannon's radio interview “really encapsulates Steve's fierce loyalty to Trump and his views on immigration, and specifically, Paul Ryan,” said a former Breitbart employee who worked closely with Bannon.
Near the end of the interview, Bannon took another swipe at Catholics, accusing them of backing immigration to boost the church's dwindling membership.
"I understand why Catholics want as many Hispanics in this country as possible because the church is dying in this country, right, if it was not for the Hispanics," Bannon told George.
"I get that, right, but I think that is the subtext of part of the letter and I think that is the subtext of a lot of the political direction of this."
This story was updated at 9:19 p.m.
The discarded bone of a chicken leg, still etched with teeth marks from a dinner thousands of years ago, provides some of the oldest known physical evidence for the introduction of domesticated chickens to the continent of Africa, research from Washington University in St. Louis has confirmed.
Based on radiocarbon dating of about 30 chicken bones unearthed at the site of an ancient farming village in present-day Ethiopia, the findings shed new light on how domesticated chickens crossed ancient roads -- and seas -- to reach farms and plates in Africa and, eventually, every other corner of the globe.
"Our study provides the earliest directly dated evidence for the presence of chickens in Africa and points to the significance of Red Sea and East African trade routes in the introduction of the chicken," said Helina Woldekiros, lead author and a postdoctoral anthropology researcher in Arts & Sciences at Washington University.
The main wild ancestor of today's chickens, the red junglefowl Gallus gallus is endemic to sub-Himalayan northern India, southern China and Southeast Asia, where chickens were first domesticated 6,000-8,000 years ago. Now nearly ubiquitous around the world, the offspring of these first-domesticated chickens are providing modern researchers with valuable clues to ancient agricultural and trade contacts.
The arrival of chickens in Africa and the routes by which they both entered and dispersed across the continent are not well known. Previous research based on representations of chickens on ceramics and paintings, plus bones from other archaeological sites, suggested that chickens were first introduced to Africa through North Africa, Egypt and the Nile Valley about 2,500 years ago.
The earliest bone-based evidence of chickens in Africa dates to the late first millennium B.C., from the Saite levels at Buto, Egypt -- approximately 685-525 B.C.
This study, published in the International Journal of Osteoarchaeology, pushes that date back by hundreds of years. Co-authored by Catherine D'Andrea, professor of archaeology at Simon Fraser University in Canada, the research also suggests that the earliest introductions may have come from trade routes on the continent's eastern coast.
"Some of these bones were directly radiocarbon dated to 819-755 B.C., and with charcoal dates of 919-801 B.C. make these the earliest chickens in Africa," Woldekiros said. "They predate the earliest known Egyptian chickens by at least 300 years and highlight early exotic faunal exchanges in the Horn of Africa during the early first millennium B.C."
Despite their widespread, modern-day importance, chicken remains are found in small numbers at archaeological sites. Because wild relatives of the galliform chicken species are plentiful in Africa, this study required researchers to sift through the remnants of many small bird species to identify bones with the unique sizes and shapes that are characteristic of domestic chickens.
Woldekiros, the project's zooarchaeologist, studied the chicken bones at a field lab in northern Ethiopia and confirmed her identifications using a comparative bone collection at the Institute of Paleoanatomy at Ludwig Maximillian University in Munich.
Excavated by a team of researchers led by D'Andrea of Simon Fraser, the bones analyzed for this study were recovered from the kitchen and living floors of an ancient farming community known as Mezber. The rural village was located in northern Ethiopia about 30 miles from the urban center of the pre-Aksumite civilization. The pre-Aksumites were the earliest people in the Horn of Africa to form complex, urban-rural trading networks.
Linguistic studies of ancient root words for chickens in African languages suggest multiple introductions of chickens to Africa following different routes: from North Africa through the Sahara to West Africa; and from the East African coast to Central Africa. Scholars also have demonstrated the biodiversity of modern-day African village chickens through molecular genetic studies.
"It is likely that people brought chickens to Ethiopia and the Horn of Africa repeatedly over long period of time: over 1,000 years," Woldekiros said. "Our archaeological findings help to explain the genetic diversity of modern Africans chickens resulting from the introduction of diverse chicken lineages coming from early Arabian and South Asian context and later Swahili networks."
These findings contribute to broader stories of ways in which people move domestic animals around the world through migration, exchange and trade. Ancient introductions of domestic animals to new regions were not always successful. Zooarchaeological studies of the most popular domestic animals such as cattle, sheep, goats and pigs have demonstrated repeated introductions as well as failures of new species in different regions of the world.
"Our study also supports the African Red Sea coast as one possible early route of introduction of chickens to Africa and the Horn," Woldekiros said. "It fits with ways in which maritime exchange networks were important for global distribution of chicken and other agricultural products. The early dates for chickens at Mezber, combined with their presence in all of the occupation phases at Mezber and in Aksumite contexts 40 B.C.- 600 A.D. in other parts of Ethiopia, demonstrate their long-term success in northern Ethiopia."
Most of our regular readers understand why astronauts and objects appear to float around on the International Space Station, but there are some misconceptions and preconceived notions out there on this topic that aren't true and which don't represent a very good understanding of physics! This video provides an entertaining look at some of the ideas people have about the zero-gravity environment on board an orbiting spacecraft, and shows why the astronauts actually appear weightless.
But let's discuss it, too:
When asked why objects and astronauts in spacecraft appear weightless, many people give these answers:
1. There is no gravity in space and they do not weigh anything.
2. Space is a vacuum and there is no gravity in a vacuum.
3. The astronauts are too far away from Earth's surface to be subject to its gravitational pull.
These answers are all wrong!
The main thing to understand here is that there IS gravity in space. This is a very common misconception. What keeps the Moon in its orbit around the Earth? Gravity. What keeps the Earth in orbit about the Sun? Gravity. What holds galaxies together? Gravity.
Gravity is everywhere in space!
If you built a tower on the Earth 370 km (230 miles) high, about as high as the Space Station's orbit, the gravity on top of the tower would be almost as strong as if you were on the ground. If you stepped off the top of the tower, you would drop to the Earth just as Felix Baumgartner will do later this year when he attempts to jump from the edge of space. (Of course, this does not account for the freezing temperatures that would ultimately cause your demise, or how no air or air pressure would kill you, or how dropping through the atmosphere would seriously do a number on your body parts. And then that sudden stop would be bad, too.)
So, why doesn't the Space Station or satellites in orbit fall to the Earth, and why do the astronauts and objects inside the ISS or other spacecraft appear to be floating?
Because of speed!
The astronauts, the ISS itself and other objects in Earth orbit aren't floating, they are actually falling. But they don't fall to the Earth because of their huge orbital velocity. Instead, they fall around Earth. Objects in Earth orbit have to travel at least 28,160 km/h (17,500 mph). So, as they accelerate towards the Earth, the Earth curves away beneath them and they never get any closer. Since the astronauts have the same acceleration as the space station, they feel weightless.
There are times when we can be weightless — briefly — on Earth, when you are falling. Have you ever been on a roller coaster and just past the peak of a hill as the car starts to go down, your body lifts from the seat? If you were in elevator a hundred stories high, and the cable broke, as the elevator fell, you would float inside the elevator car. Of course, in that case the ending would be rather disastrous.
And also you've probably heard about the “Vomit Comet” — the KC 135 airplane that NASA uses to create short periods of weightlessness for astronaut training and to test out experiments or equipment in zero-G, as well as the commercial Zero-G flights where the plane flies in a parabola, and like a roller coaster (but at greater speeds and higher altitudes) when the plane goes over the top of the parabola and heads downward, a zero gravity environment is created as the plane falls. Luckily, the plane pulls out of the fall and levels off.
Let's go back to the tower. If instead of just stepping off the tower, you took a running leap, your forward energy would carry you away from the tower at the same time that gravity pulled you down. Instead of hitting the ground at the base of the tower, you would land a distance away. If you ran faster, you could jump further from the tower before you hit the ground. If you could run as fast as the space shuttle and ISS orbits the Earth, at 28,160 km/h (17,500 mph), the arc of your jump would make a circle around the Earth. You would be in orbit and weightless. You would be falling without hitting the ground. Spacesuit and ample breathable air needed, however.
And if you could run at about 40,555 km/h (25,200 mph) you would jump right past Earth and start orbiting the Sun.
The International Space Station, the space shuttle, and satellites are designed to stay in orbit, neither falling to the ground nor shooting off into space. They orbit the Earth about every 90 minutes.
So, when you are in orbit, you are in free fall, and are weightless.
We still have a while to wait until the return of “Mad Men” on April 5, but Variety has an exclusive video featuring the AMC drama's Vincent Kartheiser (Pete Campbell) to whet your appetite for season 7B and the final seven episodes.
In the EPK above, Kartheiser discusses showrunner Matthew Weiner's success in casting relative unknowns who grew into breakout stars, Pete's evolution in the final season, and his experience filming the show.
Pete Campbell heads into the final run of “Mad Men” episodes feeling very unsettled about the looming end of his marriage to Trudy and how he'll navigate his role as a father to their daughter, Tammy. His new girlfriend in L.A., real estate broker Bonnie, went so far as to tell him, “I don't like you in New York” after he refused to let her meet Tammy while the two were on a visit to the city. But like most of the “Mad Men” principals, Pete has never wavered in his commitment to the agency — and he's now poised to score through the sale to McCann Erickson that was orchestrated by Roger in the closing moments of season 7A.
Below, Variety also has an exclusive look at two new gallery images featuring Kartheiser and co-star Elisabeth Moss from season 7B.
“Mad Men” returns with its final seven episodes on Sunday, April 5, at 10 p.m. on AMC. The series was created by Matthew Weiner and also stars Jon Hamm, January Jones, Christina Hendricks, John Slattery, Jessica Paré, Rich Sommer, Aaron Staton, Kiernan Shipka, Jay Ferguson, and Christopher Stanley.
Using a new gene-editing system based on bacterial proteins, MIT researchers have cured mice of a rare liver disorder caused by a single genetic mutation.
The findings, described in the March 30 issue of Nature Biotechnology, offer the first evidence that this gene-editing technique, known as CRISPR, can reverse disease symptoms in living animals. CRISPR, which offers an easy way to snip out mutated DNA and replace it with the correct sequence, holds potential for treating many genetic disorders, according to the research team.
“What's exciting about this approach is that we can actually correct a defective gene in a living adult animal,” says Daniel Anderson, the Samuel A. Goldblith Associate Professor of Chemical Engineering at MIT, a member of the Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research, and the senior author of the paper.
The recently developed CRISPR system relies on cellular machinery that bacteria use to defend themselves from viral infection. Researchers have copied this cellular system to create gene-editing complexes that include a DNA-cutting enzyme called Cas9 bound to a short RNA guide strand that is programmed to bind to a specific genome sequence, telling Cas9 where to make its cut.
At the same time, the researchers also deliver a DNA template strand. When the cell repairs the damage produced by Cas9, it copies from the template, introducing new genetic material into the genome. Scientists envision that this kind of genome editing could one day help treat diseases such as hemophilia, Huntington's disease, and others that are caused by single mutations.
Scientists have developed other gene-editing systems based on DNA-slicing enzymes, also known as nucleases, but those complexes can be expensive and difficult to assemble.
“The CRISPR system is very easy to configure and customize,” says Anderson, who is also a member of MIT's Institute for Medical Engineering and Science. He adds that other systems “can potentially be used in a similar way to the CRISPR system, but with those it is much harder to make a nuclease that's specific to your target of interest.”
Disease correction
For this study, the researchers designed three guide RNA strands that target different DNA sequences near the mutation that causes type I tyrosinemia, in a gene that codes for an enzyme called FAH. Patients with this disease, which affects about 1 in 100,000 people, cannot break down the amino acid tyrosine, which accumulates and can lead to liver failure. Current treatments include a low-protein diet and a drug called NTCB, which disrupts tyrosine production.
In experiments with adult mice carrying the mutated form of the FAH enzyme, the researchers delivered RNA guide strands along with the gene for Cas9 and a 199-nucleotide DNA template that includes the correct sequence of the mutated FAH gene.
Using this approach, the correct gene was inserted in about one of every 250 hepatocytes — the cells that make up most of the liver. Over the next 30 days, those healthy cells began to proliferate and replace diseased liver cells, eventually accounting for about one-third of all hepatocytes. This was enough to cure the disease, allowing the mice to survive after being taken off the NCTB drug.
“We can do a one-time treatment and totally reverse the condition,” says Hao Yin, a postdoc at the Koch Institute and one of the lead authors of the Nature Biotechnology paper.
“This work shows that CRISPR can be used successfully in adults, and also identifies several of the challenges that will need to be addressed moving forward to the development of human therapies,” says Charles Gersbach, an assistant professor of biomedical engineering at Duke University who was not part of the research team. “In particular, the authors note that the efficiency of gene editing will need to improve significantly to be relevant for most diseases and other delivery methods need to be explored to extend the approach to humans. Nevertheless, this work is an exciting first step to using modern gene-editing tools to correct the devastating genetic diseases for which there are currently no options for affected patients.”
To deliver the CRISPR components, the researchers employed a technique known as high-pressure injection, which uses a high-powered syringe to rapidly discharge the material into a vein. This approach delivers material successfully to liver cells, but Anderson envisions that better delivery approaches are possible. His lab is now working on methods that may be safer and more efficient, including targeted nanoparticles.
Wen Xue, a senior postdoc at the Koch Institute, is also a lead author of the paper. Other authors are Institute Professor Phillip Sharp; Tyler Jacks, director of the Koch Institute; postdoc Sidi Chen; senior postdoc Roman Bogorad; Eric Benedetti and Markus Grompe of the Oregon Stem Cell Center; and Victor Koteliansky of the Skolkovo Institute of Science and Technology.
The research was funded by the National Cancer Institute, the National Institutes of Health, and the Marie D. and Pierre Casimir-Lambert Fund.
The acting administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration wrote to agency employees the day after President Donald Trump endorsed police abuse to “reaffirm” the agency's principles in the face of what he said was Trump “condon[ing] police misconduct,” the Wall Street Journal reported Tuesday.
In a memo marked “Global Distribution” and titled “Who We Are,” according to the Journal, Chuck Rosenberg (pictured above) wrote: “The president, in remarks delivered yesterday in New York, condoned police misconduct regarding the treatment of individuals placed under arrest by law enforcement.”
Rosenberg was responding to Trump's call on Friday for “rough” policing in the face of transnational gangs like MS13. Speaking to a law enforcement audience in Long Island, Trump celebrated suspected gang members being “thrown in” to paddy wagons, and said police officers “can take the hand away” from handcuffed individuals' heads as they are guided into the back seat of police cars — suggesting that police officers ought to harm arrestees as a form of vigilante justice. Audience members responded positively to Trump's speech.
Before being appointed acting DEA administrator, Rosenberg served in several federal roles in both the George W. Bush and Barack Obama administrations.
Rosenberg wrote that the comments required a response, despite his belief that no “special agent or task force officer of the DEA would mistreat a defendant,” the Journal reported.
He added: “I write to offer a strong reaffirmation of the operating principles to which we, as law enforcement professionals, adhere […] I write because we have an obligation to speak out when something is wrong. That's what law enforcement officers do. That's what you do. We fix stuff. At least, we try.”
Many police departments immediately distanced themselves from the remarks. On Monday, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that Trump was joking.
Temperatures in the region fell to their lowest level since 1995
Overnight temperatures in the south of Scotland have reached their lowest level in more than 14 years.
Figures at the Met Office's Eskdalemuir observatory in Dumfries and Galloway hit -14C on Sunday, the coldest since December 1995.
However, recent freezing conditions meant the region's rainfall record was not broken in 2009.
The total for the year was 2213.6mm (87.15in) which fell just short of the 2222.6mm (87.5in) set in 1928.
Heavy downpours in November caused widespread flooding across southern Scotland and northern England.
However, December rainfall was below the monthly average meaning the annual record was not exceeded.
The weather focus has now turned to the icy conditions.
Temperatures are forecast to drop well below freezing on Monday night and for the remainder of the week.
The Russian ambassador, Vitaly I. Churkin, accused Ukraine of repeatedly violating the cease-fire agreement, reached in Minsk, Belarus, last year. In eastern Ukraine, an Associated Press reporter on Wednesday saw pro-Russian rebels driving six self-propelled howitzers, four Grad rocket launchers and 15 tanks toward the front and the battle for Checkpoint 31. The tanks were described as in pristine condition.
Also on Wednesday, separatists blew up a bridge near the battle for Checkpoint 31, adding to the dozens of bridges already destroyed by both sides in the swirl of retreats and feints over nine months of fighting.
On Tuesday, a strategic railroad bridge was blown up in the Zaporozhye region, far from the front lines, halting at least temporarily shipments of iron ore to steel mills in the port of Mariupol.
At the World Economic Forum in the Swiss ski resort of Davos, Mr. Poroshenko said he would cut short his visit to help oversee the combat in the east. In a speech, Mr. Poroshenko held up a dented, shrapnel-pocked panel of a public bus in which 13 people died from a rebel rocket strike, trying to drive home to European businessmen, who have grumbled about Western sanctions, the human cost of the war.
Image President Petro O. Poroshenko of Ukraine spoke on Wednesday at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Credit Laurent Gillieron/European Pressphoto Agency
Mr. Poroshenko said 9,000 Russian troops were fighting on Ukrainian soil.
“If this is not aggression, what is?” he said.
Ukraine also on Wednesday began enforcing a new set of strict rules for crossing between territory controlled by the government in Kiev and territory controlled by the separatists in eastern Ukraine. Only people holding new passes issued by the Ukrainian government would be allowed to pass through any of the seven main crossing points, and those trying to get across on secondary roads would be regarded as in violation of Ukrainian military rules, Colonel Turovets said.
Only a handful of police stations just outside the conflict zone would handle applications, and the passes would require a 10-day wait. Only civilians with a clear reason for crossing the border would be given the passes.
LIMA, Peru — The Peruvian government has sparked an uproar by reinstating the draft — but allowing those who can afford a $715 fine to skip military service.
The measure has been almost universally attacked as discriminating against the poor, particularly from the Amazon and Andes, where entire families earn less than that sum in a year, while allowing rich kids to legally dodge the draft.
It is especially polarizing in Peru where many of those with the cash to pay the fine are white, and most of those who can't are either Afro-Peruvians or of indigenous descent.
The compulsory two-year military service was suddenly unveiled last month — without any prior public debate — and is intended to make up a shortfall of 30,000 recruits that has opened up since Peru abolished the draft more than a decade ago.
It comes at a time when the army is repeatedly getting sucked into the fight with remnants of the Shining Path rebels in remote Andean cloud forests.
The draft will begin in May with a lottery for 400,000 18- to 25-year-olds. Only university students and parents will be exempt — and those who pay the 1,850 sols ($715) fine.
Peru's official human rights watchdog, the Defensoria del Pueblo, has called the measure “discriminatory.”
Leading journalist Augusto Alvarez Rodrich, who has chaired Peru's presidential debates in the past, described it as “unconstitutional” and militarily “obsolete.”
In addition to the fine, many critics have compared the obligatory nature of the draft and the conscripts' miserable monthly pay of between $90 and $150 — less than half the minimum wage here of $290 — to “slavery.”
“It is incredible that it could be defended by a government that claims to defend inclusion,” Rodrich added.
Other unlikely bedfellows condemning the move include both leftist human rights campaigners and their sworn enemies, the hard-right supporters of former President Alberto Fujimori, now in jail for crimes against humanity.
The measure has also been criticized for undermining its armed forces' combat capabilities.
Dardo Lopez-Dolz, head of Lima-based security analysts Peace Keeping Solutions, noted that no conscript force had won a war anywhere in the world in the last 30 years.
“This is looking backwards not forwards,” Lopez-Dolz told GlobalPost. “It is about the president remembering the way things were when he was young.”
Yet President Ollanta Humala, himself a former officer, wants to give the army the power to detain and question drug traffickers rather than just carrying out counterinsurgency operations and providing backup firepower to the police.
Heavily involved in the cocaine trade, the Shining Path has killed some 80 soldiers in the last five years, according to government data. And in April 2012, the group humiliated the armed forces when it kidnapped 36 workers from a gas project and then killed eight soldiers during a rescue attempt.
One wounded soldier, abandoned by his companions, walked for more than two weeks to escape the jungle, while the father of another had to retrieve his own son's body after the military proved incapable.
Defense Minister Pedro Cateriano has insisted that conscripts will not become “cannon fodder” for the Khmer Rouge-style rebels, who slaughtered some 30,000 people during a civil war in the 1980s and 1990s, and that only elite troops will be sent to combat.
But that kind of military ineptitude plus a booming economy have made voluntary enlistment an unattractive option even for the poorest, a problem Humala wants to solve.
“We need a modern military service that respects the youth and gives them an opportunity,” the president told local media.
Yet his proposed remedy appears to turn logic on its head and has left many of Humala's own supporters baffled and angry.
Daniel Mora, who served as the president's first defense minister in 2011, told GlobalPost the best strategy was a fully professional military with pay and benefits that would attract high-quality candidates.
“The tendency is for smaller, professional more specialized armed forces but, given the political reality, we have little choice but to make up the numbers this way,” Mora, a congressman and former general, said.
That reality, Mora added, stems from the Economy Ministry's failure to fund a 2009 law to provide more cash for the military, including raising the through-the-floor pay scale.
That's a common scenario in Peru, with a constitution and legal system very different from US law, and where state employees from teachers to judges have been infuriated by the powerful Economy Minister Luis Miguel Castillo's refusal to open the purse strings despite booming mining royalties — and legislation mandating he pay them more.
Other than the internal conflict against the Shining Path in the 1980s and 1990s, the country's military has been involved in four wars in the last century. All of them were border skirmishes, one with Colombia in the 1930s and three with Ecuador, the most recent in 1995.
Recent tensions with Chile over the countries' maritime border have eased after both Santiago and Lima agreed to accept an imminent ruling by the International Court of Justice, in the Hague, where Peru is currently suing its southern neighbor.
But Peru's armed forces are heavily involved in civil defense, with different parts of the country vulnerable to earthquakes, tsunamis, flooding and, in the Andes, annual cold snaps that kill dozens of villagers.
Compulsory military service is not uncommon in Latin America. Bolivia, Colombia and Mexico each have it, while Chile also uses a lottery when there is a shortfall of volunteers.
With the exception of Colombia, none of those countries allows its citizens to get out of the draft by paying a fine.
New York Jets owner Woody Johnson's unhappiness in a disappointing 2012 season is expected to be reflected in the moves he is planning to make.
According to sources, the Jets do not plan to bring back offensive coordinator Tony Sparano (the Jets are ranked 30th in total offense in Sparano's first season in the role) and Johnson has been putting out feelers for ideas to determine the ideal structure of his front office.
Some league sources believe coach Rex Ryan, who will return, would be best served working again with general manager Mike Tannenbaum, which they believe would provide Johnson the type of stability he respects in other organizations led by such owners as the Maras and Rooneys.
Meanwhile, defensive coordinator Mike Pettine's contract is up and longtime special teams coach Mike Westhoff is retiring.
Tannenbaum, 43, kept his job in 2008 when coach Eric Mangini was fired after the 2008 season and he subsequently hired Ryan. The Jets are 34-30 in Ryan's four seasons but have missed the postseason each of the past two years.
The Jets were doomed by their unsettled quarterback position in 2012. Mark Sanchez struggled all season and ultimately was removed from the starting spot for Greg McElroy in Week 16, although he started the finale after McElroy was ruled out with a concussion. And Tim Tebow didn't have much of an impact after he was acquired in a trade with the Broncos as New York's Wildcat package was ineffective and the team wasn't sure how to use him in other packages.
Ryan and Tannenbaum's four-season run includes two conference championship game appearances and only one losing season -- the type of success that usually leads to other chances.
But in New York, everything is under scrutiny and up for debate.
On Tuesday night a man in his 20s was stabbed in the chest area and in the back by one or more people on Hyllievångsvägen.
After the stabbing, the man attempted to run to the hospital. He managed to go a few kilometres before being picked up by someone in a private vehicle.
Just a few hours later, at 12:20am, another man, also in his 20s, was stabbed in the back and arm near Augustenborgstorg.
He was taken in an ambulance to hospital where he underwent surgery during the night.
“But the prognosis is good,” Matts Attin from Malmö police told TT.
Less than an hour later a third man in his 20s was stabbed in the arm in connection with a robbery on Köpenhamnsvägen.
“He was threatened with a knife and forced to withdraw 10,000 kronor from an ATM,” Attin said. “After the leaving the money he was stabbed.”
Police have not received any indications that there is any connection between the incidents. No one has been arrested for the knife attacks.
Police said that two of the stabbings have been classified as attempted murder.
Malmö, which is Sweden's third largest city, has been rocked by a series of violent incidents in recent weeks, including numerous shootings and explosions.
Earlier in July four grenade attacks were reported in under a week.
Police said they believed the attacks were linked to a case which saw three young men sentenced for their roles in a bombing in the Rosengård area – which has a reputation for violence and gang related crimes – on Christmas Eve.
“This is about a few people who are having a dispute with one another and are in a spiral of retaliation,” Malmö police chief Stefan Sintéus said after the fourth attack.
Later that month, concerns were raised that police staff shortages in the city were putting the public at risk, as around a third of the 705-strong Malmö force were on holiday.
According to reports from Yonhap News' Jeeho Yoo and Korean outlet Naver, Pirates third baseman Jung Ho Kang has been charged with leaving the scene of a DUI crash in Seoul. It's Friday in South Korea, and Kang was reportedly arrested at 2:48 a.m. local time with a blood alcohol level of 0.084 percent. That's a shade over the legal limit in the United States, but it's well above the 0.05 percent limit in South Korea.
Advertisement
According to Naver, Kang ran into a guardrail then left the scene of the crash on foot. A translated comment from a police official indicates that nobody was hurt.
A police official said, “There is no casualty, only the other vehicle is damaged and the national facilities are damaged.”
Advertisement
We reached out to the Pirates for comment who told us that they were “looking into it” and would comment on it later tonight. We'll update this post when they do.
Meanwhile, Chicago police were investigating Kang this summer for an alleged sexual assault that supposedly took place in June. As of September, no charges had been filed, but police were still looking into the case.
Update, 9:05 p.m. EST: Pirates president Frank Coonelly issued the following statement.
Subscribe to the MacRumors YouTube channel for more videos.
Apple today seeded the third beta of iOS 11 to developers for testing purposes, more than two weeks after releasing the original second beta and over a month after introducing the new update at the Worldwide Developers Conference.Registered developers can download the iOS 11 beta from Apple's Developer Center, or over-the-air once the proper configuration profile has been installed.The second iOS 11 beta included a slew of bug fixes, addressing issues that were discovered in the first beta. The third beta will also include many bug fixes, but could also focus more heavily on feature tweaks and changes. In iOS 11 beta 2, there were only a handful of changes, most notably the enabling of Do Not Disturb mode.iOS 11 introduces some design changes, including a customizable Control Center and a new Lock screen that's merged with the Notification Center. Peer-to-peer Apple Pay payments are being introduced in the Messages app, which is also gaining a new App Drawer, and there's a new Do Not Disturb feature that is designed to help drivers stay focused on the road. Siri, Photos, the Camera app, and more are also gaining significant improvements.ARKit for developers will result in a wide range of new augmented reality apps, while a Core ML SDK will allow apps to become a whole lot smarter. iOS 11 is also the biggest update ever for the iPad, with a new Dock that introduces much improved multitasking, a Files app for better managing files, improved Apple Pencil support, a revamped App Switcher, and system-wide drag and drop.iOS 11 available for both registered developers and public beta testers. A second public beta test that's identical to the third developer beta should be released later this week.For full details on all of the new features included in iOS 11, make sure to check out our extensive iOS 11 roundup
THE Irish National Women's race was brought to a halt last weekend to allow the men's race pass - because the female competition was slower.
The men's elite national race and the women's national race both took place in Wexford on Sunday.
Getty Images 1
Race director Derek Webb says that the men's was the faster race and that is why they were let pass - as per Cycling Ireland rules.
He told the Irish Independent: "It's the rules of Cycling Ireland and it's always the way it's done, the slowest race is pulled over.
"You can't ask the faster race, who are there to race, to slow down. You don't do that."
Most read in irish news 'very intimidated' Man sues Regency Hotel kill victim's sister after bike knock, court told AISLE HORROR Bloody woman screams after 'being attacked with SCISSORS' in Dublin Centra HOME TREAT Ex-soldier gives up three-bed Laois home to help end family's house wait SPRING STORM Met Eireann predict 'severe gusts' as charts show storm after 17C sizzle missing plea Poker ace who vanished from Dublin tournament 'may have wad of cash on him' Latest shots fired Man seriously injured in Drogheda shooting as gardai seal off two crime scenes
Webb, who admitted it was "unfortunate", also says that the women's race was well below the average speed that was expected of them after they were given a 17km head start.
Webb explained that the women's race were given a 17km head start and were expected to be finished when it was decided they would be pulled in.
He added: "As Race Director, I have a responsibility to the riders but I'm not responsible for the riders, for their actions.
"And they (the women) were just racing too slow and the average speed was well below what was expected of them."
But Cycling Ireland have told the Irish Independent that they are taking this issue "very seriously" and are looking into it.
Winner of the women's race Lydia Boylan said the route was a big factor in the incident.
She said: “Unfortunately I think it was always going to be a likely scenario, on the circuit that they chose for the race.
"Having such a big men's bunch and conversely such a small women's bunch, I think they probably over-estimated the speed of the women's group and thought that it wouldn't catch.”
She added: “At the point in the race where we were stopped, I think everyone had resigned themselves to the last climb being the decider of the race. In my eyes I don't think it affected the outcome too much.”
Uber pitched “upfront pricing” as a way to add transparency to its service by telling passengers how much their ride would cost before they ordered it. But the change has led to accusations that the company is secretly taking advantage of passengers and drivers.
Since the upfront pricing program kicked off in June, some Uber drivers have said that their passengers have been overcharged for rides, according to The Rideshare Guy, a blog focused on driver jobs. Meanwhile, those drivers also complain that they are being shortchanged by the new policy.
Their complaints raise questions about how Uber compensates its drivers, many of whom are already reeling from a reduction in pay following a fare cut in January across dozens of U.S. cities that is supposed to spur more demand for rides.
One Los Angeles driver told The Rideshare Guy blog that he made only $9.31 on a 10-mile ride that was supposed to cost his passenger $18.08 (Uber typically takes only a 25% commission). Another driver in Colorado complained that he earned only $15.13 on a ride that cost his passenger $44.31.
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter.
The questions started after Uber introduced upfront pricing, which the company says takes the guesswork out how much rides cost. Under the old model, Uber's app would tell passengers that surge pricing was in effect and by how much—1.6 times the base price, for example—so they could decide whether to proceed. Now, the app immediately tells passengers exactly how much their rides will cost.
What happens in some cases is that Uber's automated system overestimates the length or duration of a ride, according to a company spokesman. When this happens, passengers still pay the upfront price that they were initially quoted rather than a lower price based on the actual details of the trip. Uber simply pockets the extra money. Passengers never know the difference.
Drivers, however, end up earning less because they are paid based on the number of miles driven (plus the base fare). Drivers who take shorter routes—either because of a short cut or a more efficient path—are paid a lesser amount even though the passenger's fare is unchanged.
Does it sound like passengers are overcharged in such cases? Perhaps.
Uber, of course, argues that passengers agree to the fare upfront and therefore do not deserve a lower price. By the same token, Uber insists that drivers agree to its pay policy when they sign up and that the company therefore doesn't owe those drivers a cut of any extra fares it collects.
“With upfront fares, riders agree to a fare that's calculated in advance while drivers get paid based on a per-mile, per-minute rate as is normal with uberX,” the spokesman told Fortune. “Because no predictive model is 100% perfect, what riders pay and drivers earn on a trip may differ slightly from time to time.”
The spokesman also added that it is more common for Uber's system to underestimates a ride's route, requiring the company to make up the difference between the price and the driver's earnings from it own pocket. The spokesman couldn't provide specific numbers showing the frequency of either case nor did Uber say how much extra money, if any, the upfront fare system brings in.
But Christian Perea of The Rideshare Guy blog did note that he decided to take a few test rides after hearing about the policy for shorter-than-anticipated rides and was overcharged on the first one he took, raising questions about Uber's claim that it happens only rarely.
Let's give it the final touch
Trashness EXTREME CUTAWAY™ PINK SHIRT € 45,- Extreme cutaway collar
Pink color
Slim fit
100% cotton fabric
Trashness Skull logo em...
Trashness EXTREME CUTAWAY™ CLASSIC SHIRT € 45,- Our Classic Shirt remains our best selling Trashness® shirt, made from a super heavy and ...
Trashness EXTREME CUTAWAY™ GINGHAM € 45,- This extreme cutaway gingham has a classic gingham pattern together with an extreme cutawa...
Trashness CLUB COLLAR WHITE SHIRT € 45,- Club collar
100% cotton
Slim fit
Trashness Skull logo embroidered on lower belly
Trashness OCBD WHITE SHIRT € 45,- Non-iron 100% Cotton Oxford fabric
Button Down ‘Roll' collar
Trashness Slim Fit™
...
Trashness EXTREME CUTAWAY SALMON SHIRT New € 45,- Extreme cutaway collar
Linen fabric
Slim fit
Trashness Skull logo embroidered on lower...
Trashness CLUB COLLAR PINK SHIRT € 45,- Club collar
100% cotton 40S*40S dobby fabric
Slim fit
Trashness Skull logo embroidered ...
Trashness OCBD STRIPED PINK SHIRT € 45,- Light-pink University striped
Non-iron 100% Cotton Oxford fabric
Button Down ‘Roll' ...
Trashness OCBD CLASSIC SHIRT € 45,- Non-iron 100% Cotton Oxford fabric
Button Down ‘Roll' collar
Slim fit
Trashness Sk...
Trashness BLUE CLUB COLLAR SHIRT € 45,- Club collar
100% cotton 40S*40S dobby fabric
Slim fit
Trashness Skull logo embroidered ...
Trashness STONE BRACELETS TURQUOISE € 15,- Two bracelets, made from polished gem stones
One size fits all
Very fine gems, 4mm bea...
Trashness EXTREME CUTAWAY™ CHECKED SHIRT € 45,- Extreme cutaway collar
Blue & White checked fabric
Slim fit
100% cotton fabric
Trashne...
Trashness ANCHOR BRACELET CAMO € 12,- Adjustable cord, fits every wrist
Camo survival rope
Gold plated trashness skull anchor
...
Trashness ANCHOR BRACELET BLACK € 15,- Adjustable cord, fits every wrist
Black survival rope
Gold plated Trashness Skull Anchor...
Trashness STONE BRACELETS NEPTUNE € 15,- Two bracelets, made from polished gem stones
One size fits all
Very fine gems, 4mm bea...
Trashness EXTREME CUTAWAY™ POLKA SHIRT € 45,- Extreme cutaway collar
Navy base color & White polka dots
Slim fit
100% cotton fabric
...
Trashness SPREAD COLLAR WHITE SHIRT € 45,- Spread collar
100% Cotton
Slim fit
Trashness Skull logo embroidered on lower belly
Se...
Trashness SPREAD COLLAR CLASSIC SHIRT € 45,- Unlined soft spread collar + cuffs
Slim fit
Non-iron 100% cotton oxford fabric
Trashne...
Trashness AFRICAN WOODS € 12,- Set of 3 bracelets
Wooden beads with colored finishing
tr-logo engraved into each bracel...
Trashness TIBETAN WOODS € 12,- This might be the finest bracelet set known to mankind.
One size fits all
One wooden b...
Trashness CUTAWAY GINGHAM RED SHIRT € 45,- Cutaway collar
100% Cotton 50S Poplin Fabric
Red gingham pattern
Slim fit
Trashness S...
Trashness STRIPED BLUE CUTAWAY SHIRT € 45,- 100% cotton fabric
Blue / White Striped fabric
Contrast Cutaway Collar
Slim fit
Trash...
This day following Soviet Top League fixtures took place:
1939. Elektrik St. Petersburg – Dynamo Kyiv – 1:2
1949. Dinamo Minsk – Dynamo Kyiv – 0:0
1973. Dynamo Kyiv – Zoria Luhansk – 1:0
1978. Zenit St. Petersburg – Dynamo Kyiv – 1:0
1983. CSCA Moscow – Dynamo Kyiv – 4:1
Ukrainian Premier League:
1994. Dynamo Kyiv – Torpedo Zaporizhia – 1:0
2000. Dynamo Kyiv – Metalurh Zaporizhia – 2:1
2002. Dynamo Kyiv – Metalurh Zaporizhia – 5:2
2003. Dynamo Kyiv – Arsenal Kyiv – 3:0
2005. Dynamo Kyiv – Stal Alchevsk – 4:0
2007. Dynamo Kyiv – Arsenal Kyiv – 2:2
2011. Dynamo Kyiv – Obolon Kyiv – 4:0
2012. Arsenal Kyiv – Dynamo Kyiv – 0:1
2017. Shakhtar Donetsk – Dynamo Kyiv – 0:1
Ukrainian Super Cup:
2014. Shakhtar Donetsk – Dynamo Kyiv – 2:0
UEFA Champions League:
1998. 1st qualifying round. Dynamo Kyiv – Barry Town – 8:0
Copyright © FC Dynamo Kyiv
I was a college wrestler at Cal Poly, then, I got into MMA. I fought in 99 and 2000 out of SLO Kickboxing with Scott Adams, Chuck Liddell, Gan McGee, and a bunch of other tough dudes.
Back then, we had this saying. “Going into a fight, everybody has a plan until they get punched in the face.” The idea was that no matter how hard we trained and sparred in practice, no matter how well prepared we thought we were, something changed when you stepped into the cage to fight another guy who wanted nothing more than to kick your ass.
Practice was practice. The fight was our test.
Life is the same way. The rehearsal is much different than the test. Think about the business meeting you've prepared for, only to stammer and look like an idiot when the CEO asks you to explain yourself.
This shows up in our relationships too. When you're getting along with your significant other, things are fine, and you're probably a pretty cool cat. Then you get into an argument and you lose control…saying things you regret, acting like an asshole. I can't tell you how many times I've been embarrassed by how I acted during an argument.
So what does this have to do with our topic? How are difficult people actually a blessing in our lives?
Well, most of the time, we're around people who we get along with pretty well. We're on cruise control and there aren't great demands on us to be patient, kind, forgiving, or humble. We go to church and vow to be loving to all God's children. That's the rehearsal. That's practice.
Then, we run across that one jerk. You know, the guy at work who takes credit for your hard work, then cc's your boss on an email throwing you under the bus when something fails. Or, the idiot on the road who cuts you off and makes you slam on the brakes to avoid an accident. Or maybe it's your cousin, or brother, or mom who's always complaining about their life but never doing anything to make it better. Or your new boss, who's made yours and everybody else's lives a nightmare.
So, most of your life is rehearsal, and it's only when we're confronted with conflict, with a difficult situation or more likely a difficult person, that we are tested.
For me, that person was Poorme (not her real name). I call her that because nothing was ever her fault and people were always trying to take advantage of her and treat her badly. She thought of herself as a victim, and as a result, she viewed the world through that lens. She ate a daily stew of resentment and gloom.
Years ago, I got hired into a leadership role at a large company, Poorme was an employee who reported to me. During the job interview process, before I was even hired, people warned me about her. When they found out that I was going to be her boss, they were like “ooohhhhh, I'm sorry.” or, “Oh, this is gonna be good! Finally, someone is going to deal with her.”
And she lived up to her reputation. The first time I met her she TOLD me that she had deserved the promotion to that position and couldn't believe that those idiots would hire an outsider (me) instead. I couldn't hold a meeting with her without her crying and taking any feedback as an insult. It was bad.
My natural inclination was to avoid her…but I realized that she was actually a test for me. She tested my compassion, my humility, my gratitude more than anyone else I knew. She was the guy in the cage, trying to kick my ass.
Once I realized this, I started treating her differently, I started engaging her more. I realized that her attitude had nothing to do with me and everything with her being unhappy with her own life. And when I stopped avoiding her or being scared of how she would react and the more I treated her with respect, gratitude, and compassion, something magical happened. I became more respectful, and grateful, and compassionate in all areas of my life. I also had less anxiety when interacting with other difficult people.
Another magical thing happened… we started getting along. She stopped being so resentful and angry. She felt the positive energy I brought into our interactions and she started returning it. Poorme was a blessing in my life. She made me better.
Joel Olsteen says that there are some things we can only learn in a storm. Difficult people can act as mini storms in our lives. Giving us a chance to test our character. To bring out our best.
So, I want you to start thinking about the difficult people in your life differently in two ways:
1. Their behavior is not about you. It is a result of them living a fearful life. They aren't arrogant and rude because they are confident. They are arrogant and rude because they are insecure. Truly confident people are humble.
2. They aren't there to ruin your day, they are there as an opportunity to test yourself. So test yourself.
If you allow it, and embrace it, the difficult people in your life can make you a better person. And if you allow it, they can drag you down to their level and make you miserable. It's 100% your choice.
You are not a victim of the difficult people in your life. You are the recipient of their gift. Accept it, say thank you, and change your life.
LIKE IT? SHARE IT.
Suburban malls may be a dying breed, but in cities from New York to Hong Kong, new malls are thriving by seamlessly blending into the urban fabric
All under one roof: how malls and cities are becoming indistinguishable
All under one roof: how malls and cities are becoming indistinguishable
“We didn't expect to see stores,” says Yulia, as her husband browses for shoes in one of the shops lining the Oculus, the new focus of New York's World Trade Center.
Visiting from Ukraine and on their way to the 9/11 memorial, they were beckoned by the Oculus's unusual architecture: from the outside, the Santiago Calatrava-designed ribbed structure reminds you of a bird or a dinosaur skeleton; inside, it is teaming with tourists taking pictures with selfie sticks.
But the Oculus, named after the eyelike opening at the apex that lets in light, is more than a piece of striking architecture. It exists as a mall, with more than a hundred stores, and as a hub connecting office buildings in Brookfield Place and One World Trade Center with 11 subway lines and Path trains, serving 50,000 commuters every day. That's a lot of eyeballs on shopfronts.
The mall company Westfield, of course, hopes that the tourists and transit users will stray to the stores. “The New New York Place to Be”, reads the mall's tagline. “Shop. Eat. Drink. Play. All under one magnificent roof.”
Oculus was Westfield's $1.4bn bet that New York, a city known for its love of the street, could also have a successful mall. And judging from the crowds, it counters the narrative that the mall is “dead”, like those thousands of empty suburban malls dotting the American landscape, “ghostboxes” decaying on cracked asphalt parking lots.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Boxpark turned shipping containers into an ‘urban mall' that merges directly with the London street. Photograph: David Levene for the Guardian
Michael Sorkin, professor of architecture at City College of New York, points out that Westfield is an example of a kind of global urbanism. “The Westfield mall is virtually indistinguishable from Dubai duty-free,” he says, pointing out that the same generic multinational shops are now to be found not just in malls, but on the streets of cities. “The effect is compromising and imperial – a real estate formula.”
Certainly, the Westfield World Trade Center seems to demonstrate that it is not the mall that is declining, but suburbia. The mall, meanwhile, is becoming urban.
In fact, a new breed of shopping centre is integrating so seamlessly into its urban surroundings that it can be difficult to draw any line between city and mall whatsoever. London's Boxpark, Las Vegas's Downtown Container Park and Miami's Brickell City Centre are examples of mall-like environments that try to weave into the street life of a city.
Across the Pacific Ocean from the Oculus, developers in China are experimenting even more radically, with new mall configurations catering to the rapid rise of domestic consumerism and quickly evolving tastes.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sino Ocean Taikoo Li in Chengdu, China, an outdoor mall with streets. Photograph: Oval Partnership
In the early 2000s, when enclosed malls were the standard, architect Chris Law of the Oval Partnership proposed an “open city” concept for San Li Tun, an area in Beijing's central business district. He proposed to inject the “big box” with a heavy dose of public space. He says people had a common reaction to his plan: “You guys are crazy.”
Instead of laying out asphalt parking lots, Law wanted sidewalks and trees that would cool and shade pedestrian outdoor space. He designed the shops and restaurants around two distinct plazas – one brimming with an interactive water feature and a massive screen to televise events, the other for “quietly reading a book over a cappuccino”.
While the 'urban' mall has a certain appeal, the net effect is to turn the city into a mall Michael Sorkin
Rather than designing the whole complex himself, he created a masterplan with an urban design framework for other architects to fill in, making it appear as if the complex grew organically – “just like cities do”, Law says.
As a result, the mall has the look of a modern “village” complete with irregular facades and zigzagging alleyways. It became a large success, not least for being a pedestrian respite in a city of cars.
The developer then tasked Law to design another outdoor retail development in Chengdu near an ancient temple. Law respectfully designed structures with timber portal frames to match the cultural heritage, laying out the stores and restaurants along intimate, tree-lined lanes. He added a hotel, serviced apartments and an office tower to create a mixed-use district centred around intricate public space.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest An escalator gives the game away at this ‘outdoor retail space' in Chengdu, China. Photograph: HeZhenHuan
As innovative as his projects may be, “we simply continued the urban pattern that has been around for hundreds of years”, Law says. He mentions medieval cities such as Sienna, or those depicted on the Qingming scroll, where shops and food stalls lined thriving public space.
It raises the question: was the enclosed, suburban mall, located far from the city centre, a discontinuity? An invention for the age of cheap fossil fuel?
They certainly waste energy. The typical big box is “thick and fat”, says Ali Malkawi, professor of architectural technology at Harvard University and founder of the Harvard Center for Green Buildings and Cities. In contrast, the outdoor “retail village” typically has a smaller ecological footprint. “Thin structures allow for the possibility of natural ventilation and daylighting, and hence can be more energy-efficient,” Malkawi says.
Malls first appeared in suburbs in the 1950s, when “reducing energy was not a priority”, says Malkawi, and they were only accessible by car. “The more you move shopping away from where people live, the more you increase transportation's impact on the environment,” he says. (The transport sector accounts for nearly a quarter of all energy-related CO2 emissions.)
Architect Friedrich Ludewig of the firm Acme takes the idea a step futher. Knowing that “the point to shopping in stores is to offer something physical that is interesting, otherwise we can do it all online”, he designed a suburban mall extension in Melbourne around a town square, with a public library at its centre, not an anchor store.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘Offer something physical or we can all do it online' ... Friedrich Ludewig, whose suburban mall in Melbourne is designed around a town square with a public library (pictured) at its heart. Photograph: Acme
“Customers prefer to be outside and to feel less artificial,” Ludewig says of what is, in fact, an outdoor mall. His company has taken steps to create a seamless urban feel. There are guidelines for storefronts, including about colour, to ensure the visual coherence of the public space and avoid screaming yellow storefronts. “When there are lots of people shouting,” he said, “you can't hear anyone.”
He also thinks about the right ratio between landscaping and paving of the open spaces, and makes an effort to think about the “city planning” of how the space is used throughout the day. “We spend a lot of time thinking: what does it feel like on Wednesday morning 11am?”, when there are not a lot of shoppers around. He also argues that outdoor malls save money by having open spaces and buildings that are naturally ventilated rather than air-conditioned.
Above all, however, he says: “It shouldn't feel like something is wrong.” He describes a feeling akin to what is known as the uncanny valley: the hypothesis that when human replicas appear almost (but not quite) real, they trigger disgust and revulsion because they seem unhealthy.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Langham Place, like many Hong Kong malls, is deliberately placed to capture natural pedestrian flows. Photograph: Alamy
The city of Hong Kong solves this issue by going one step further – it weaves malls into the very urban fabric.
The city counts more than 300 shopping centres. Most do not perch on asphalt parking lots, but on subway stations and underneath skyscrapers. Hong Kong's transit provider is also a real estate developer, and has capitalised on the value created by its subway stops: it sandwiches malls between stations and skyscrapers, establishing pedestrian streams that “irrigate” the shopfronts.
Tens of thousands of people often work, live and play in a single megastructure, without ever having to leave. And the mall is deliberately placed on the intersection of all pedestrian flows, between entry points into the structure and the residential, office, and transit functions. These malls are, by design, impossible to miss.
Langham Place, for instance, is a 59-storey complex in Hong Kong that includes retail, a five-star hotel and class-A office space. It is connected to the subway with its own tunnel and pulls in an estimated 100,000 people per day.
Can 'smart malls' save China's failing shopping centres from collapse? Read more
“My whole life is here,” says Katniss. She works in the building's office, where she also shops, eats her meals and watches movies. Even on her daysoff, she enjoys going on dates in the mall's soaring atrium, and drinking coffee near the “huge escalator”.
This “expresscalator” whisks people up four storeys in a matter of seconds. To get shoppers back down, the Jerde Partnership designed an ingenious retail-lined downward spiral path, shaped like a corkscrew. Langham Place's retail portion alone measures 15 storeys, which is a skyscraper in its own right – a “vertical” mall.
On both sides of the Pacific, the mall is not “dead”. It has simply transformed – into an integrated part of cities themselves.
For Sorkin, that comes with a risk. “While the idea of the shopping mall becoming ‘urban' has a certain appeal, the net effect is to turn the city into a shopping mall.”
Stefan Al's books include Mall City: Hong Kong's Dreamworlds of Consumption and The Strip: Las Vegas and the Architecture of the American Dream
Follow Guardian Cities on Twitter and Facebook to join the discussion, and explore our archive here
Spencer Ackerman's been taking a look at how American aid gets delivered to Pakistan and it basically amounts to handing over billions of dollars of cash stuffed into garbage bags. More specifically, "the U.S. gives Musharraf's government about $200 million annually and his military $100 million monthly in the form of direct cash transfers." That's basically untraceable, unaccountable money. Over a billion a year goes direct to the Pakistani military in what CSIS's Rick Barton characterizes as "a sort of handshake deal between militaries" in which we "we don't have a lot of record-keeping."
Keep that in mind, and then flip back to Joshua Hammer's recent Pakistan article for The Atlantic:
Ayesha Siddiqa, a well-known analyst in Islamabad and the author of Military Inc.: Inside the Pakistani Military Economy, says that the armed forces are major players in real estate, agribusiness, and several other industries. The empire includes banks, cable-TV companies, insurance agencies, sugar refineries, private security firms, schools, airlines, cargo services, and textile factories. The Fauji Foundation, for instance, is a “welfare trust” that is run by the defense ministry and spans 15 business enterprises. It provides cushy jobs for hundreds of retired officers (many retire in their late 40s), pays few taxes, and channels profits into a fund that is intended to benefit retired military personnel. And it is just one of several giant military-run foundations and companies that were set up decades ago and have grown steadily ever since.
The military's intrusion into commerce is quite visible in Islamabad, if you know what to look for. The logos of the Fauji Foundation and other military-run conglomerates appear on trucks, boxes, and buildings throughout the city. As Hood­bhoy told me, “They own gas companies. They make fertilizer, cement, soap, bottled water. They even make cereals, so when I have breakfast, I can't get away from them.”
Basically, this money could be going anywhere for any purpose -- it's just a kind of giant bribe to Pakistan's military and political elite (and in a military dictatorship it's not such a key distinction) not something that goes to support particular programs.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
One Florida man put it all on this line Wednesday evening while in search of that elusive perfect pic. The 45- to 50-year-old tourist, in an attempt to photograph the Golden Gate Bridge, decided to climb a chain-link fence located near Battery Spencer in the Marin Headlands and make his way toward the cliff.
Terrifyingly, he slipped.
According to a Marin County Fire Department news release, the tourist fell 75 feet down the side of the cliff before a 20-year-old Russian man/hero managed to scramble to him and grab the Florida man by his the wrist.
"He had no support under his feet," according to a news release.
The report continues that the man dangled there, 300 feet above the ocean, for what must have been a heart-stopping fifteen minutes.
A Marin County firefighter Willie Krakauer rappelled down the side of the cliff and clipped into the man, before pulling him to safety. The fire department notes that paramedics checked out the Florida man and then released him.
“He was extremely lucky,” said Marin County Fire Battalion Chief Jeremey Pierce. “He could have easily fallen all the way to the water.”
No word on whether or not he got that photo.
Related: Man Plummets 300 Feet During Midnight Hike At Lands End
Josh Hamilton's playing career might very well be over.
The Texas Rangers announced Friday that Hamilton has been released from his minor-league contract and will soon undergo yet another right knee surgery. Hamilton hurt his knee in spring training, had surgery in February, then hurt the knee again while rehabbing. He'll have another procedure soon.
"I am disappointed but not discouraged that my knee problems have not allowed me to play this season," Hamilton said in a statement. "I plan to have surgery on my right knee and then evaluate the situation. I want to thank the Rangers and all of the great fans for the support and encouragement. I really appreciate it."
"Josh will forever hold a place in Rangers history as one of the most talented, charismatic and productive players to wear our uniform," general manager Jon Daniels said in a statement. "We wish him all the best in his upcoming recovery, and with his family."
Josh Hamilton needs another knee surgery. USATSI
Hamilton, 36 in May, has not played since 2015 due to ongoing injury issues, including knee problems. He appeared in only 50 games in 2015 and 89 in 2014. This is the final season on the five-year, $125 million contract Hamilton signed with the Angels. The Halos are paying him $26.41 million this year.
If this is the end of Hamilton's playing career, he will go down as one of the most embattled yet productive players in recent memory. The (Devil) Rays selected Hamilton with the first pick in the 1999 draft, but drug and alcohol addiction sabotaged his career. It wasn't until 2007 that he resurfaced with the Reds as a Rule 5 Draft pick. A year later he was traded to Texas.
With the Rangers from 2008-12, Hamilton hit .305/.363/.549 (137 OPS+) with 142 home runs while averaging 129.4 games per season. He was an All-Star all five seasons and named AL MVP in 2010, a season in which he hit .359/.411/.633 (170 OPS+) with 40 doubles and 32 home runs. On May 8, 2012, Hamilton hit four home runs in one game.
On Aug. 17, 2008, Hamilton was intentionally walked with the bases loaded by Joe Maddon and the Rays, the team that originally drafted him. It was only the fifth time in history -- and only the second time in the past 60 years -- that a player was intentionally walked with the bases full. It's the ultimate sign of respect.
Although addiction ruined the start of his career and injuries hurt him at the end, Hamilton is a career .290/.349/.516 (129 OPS+) hitter with 200 home runs and 28.1 WAR in parts of nine seasons. Considering his off-field issues as a young man, it's remarkable he was able to get back on a baseball field and become a dominant player.
RIAA Insists That, Really, The Music Industry Is Collapsing; Reality Shows It's Just The RIAA That's Collapsing
from the data-disagrees dept
The one problem? The study is highly misleading and doesn't present an accurate or complete view of what has been really occurring in the United States in recent years.
Want proof? Instead of looking at actual sales data that is widely available, the paper looks at a global sales metric that includes a much wider range of industries outside of music.
Moreover, we see real world examples that consistently show the importance of the “traditional” metrics for working artists. For example, although the industry has embraced the concept of broadening revenue platforms, recent work by the Future of Music Coalition show that few artists are benefitting significantly from these complementary revenue sources.
As for touring, the paper does accurately state that over a period, revenues from touring did increase. But it oddly omitted the important fact that concert revenues have actually declined since 2009. In fact, in 2010, North American concert ticket sales dropped 15%, according to Pollstar. And in 2011, despite U2 setting a record for the highest grossing tour in history, North American concert sales contracted another 4%.
Finally, the original paper by Mr. Masnick included factual errors about SoundScan data. The increase in the number of new album releases only reflects the ease with which sales even in very low numbers can be tracked today (only a single copy needs to be sold to be counted). For example, of the approximately 75,000 new albums released in 2010, about 60,000 sold less than 100 copies each, and a mere 1200 of them (less than 2% of the total) accounted for 87% of all new release sales.
Regardless of the metrics you choose, the trends in the United States have been clear, with a market less than half as large as it was 10 years ago and 60% fewer employees in the music business.
buggy whip makers
Virtually every neutral academic study (overview here) has concluded that there is real harm to the music community when people download music illegally.
Filed Under: music industry, recording industry, sky is rising, stats
Even animals are not immune from zombism.
Animal Planet is developing a scripted live-action zombie animal saga based on the graphic novel The Other Dead, EW has learned exclusively.
From IDW publishing, the graphic novel is set in Louisiana during the “next Hurricane Katrina,” and tells the story of an eclectic cast of characters thrown together into a nightmarish world of undead animals and unrelenting storms. The graphic novel hails from Joshua Ortega and Digger Mesch, who will both be involved in some capacity. No executive producers or writers are attached yet.
“Our stylistic and creative ambitions as a network happily found their echo in the pages of The Other Dead,” says Kurt Tondorf, vice president of development at Animal Planet. “We're rabid about bringing Josh and Digger's bold, wry, and unrelenting vision to life.”
Ortega adds, “The entire creative team could not be more excited about this partnership, and the timing for The Other Dead series could not be more perfect. Zombie animal meets Animal Planet? Sounds like we have some serious undead fun ahead of us.”
The Other Dead, which is the network's first pre-existing scripted project Animal Planet has optioned, joins a vast list of projects based on graphic novels, including fellow zombie drama The Walking Dead, Fox's Gotham, The CW's The Flash, Arrow, and iZombie, and Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., Agent Carter, Daredevil, Jessica Jones, Luke Cage, and Iron Fist. DC Comics also has Titans, Lucifer and Supergirl in development.
Animal Planet is targeting early 2016 for The Other Dead's premiere.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW ORLEANS (WGNO) - A shooting in Saint Roch leaves 17-children without a father.
Family members say Ronald Celestine was shot following an argument during a basketball game.
WGNO News Reporter Darian Trotter has details and reaction from neighbors and the victim's mother.
"It was not gonna happen like that," the victim's mother Ida Celestine said.
Words can't describe this mother's pain. Her oldest child is the victim of a fatal shooting.
"It's sad because this guy never does anything to anyone, you know," neighbor Branden Hayward said. "He goes to the park, he comes back home. He chills, he talks to the youth and for something like this to happen to him it's a bit overwhelming you know."
It happened Friday afternoon around 3:15 in the 2800 block of North Rocheblave Street.
Investigators say the body of 35-year old Ronald Celestine was found in a rear room of the residence. He'd been shot multiple times, and died at the scene.
"I just spoke with him shortly asked him how he felt about the weather, said it's alright and that was it; and moments later heard that he passed man. Just devastating by it you know. Just to be in contact with a person and a few minutes later gone," neighbor Bryan Henderson said.
Detectives scoured the scene, search of clues, in and around the home.
It was the preliminary stage of an investigation that drew the attention of neighbors, who say it all started with an argument at the park.
"I really don't know, I really don't know. I know they say he was playing ball," Celestine's mother said.
"He got into an altercation with a young man and they were fussing. They passed words and they must have come back this afternoon and most likely with family members or whatever," Hayward said.
Now the victim's 17 children are without a father.
Celestine said. "He had 17 children. Trotter asked, "17? Yes sir," she replied.
"That's what makes it so devastating to me because now those kids won't have a father someone will be without a son, an uncle, a nephew or whatever man. It's the price of life man nobody has value of life bruh," Henderson said.
Neighbors say Celestine was a great guy who loved children. He's being remembered as a mentor.
Investigators are following leads in search for the shooter.
Mystery and wonder come together in this long awaited sequel. Read our full review of the Japanese version of Pikmin 3.
This review is based on the Japanese version of the game.
When the Nintendo GameCube first came onto the scene in Europe, I wasn't paying as close attention to the industry as I am today. While I enjoyed a late launch with enjoyable titles like Luigi's Mansion and Super Monkey Ball, I was already looking for the next big thing. In June 2002, I got into something that would hold great significance for the years to come: strategy games. Pikmin marked the start of expanding my interests in games, and who better to do it than those adorable little critters. While I have a stronger recollection of its sequel, Pikmin 2, both games are certainly near and dear to my heart. Now nine years after the last entry, we head back into the unknown and meet some new friends along the way.
The main focus of this new entry in the Pikmin series is on three new characters that come from a planet called Koppai. The explorers Alph, Brittany, and Charlie are trying to find food for their planet, which is at the brink of extinction. Due to a growing population and some poor planning, they decide to send unmanned scout vehicles into space and hope for the best. While most of the planets come out negative, they find one that could help them out. The planet, which they dub PNF-404, is, unknown to them, home to the Pikmin, and they set off on a journey to the furthest reaches of space. After a long voyage, their ship crashes to the newly discovered planet and the three are ultimately split up.
The game then opens with Charlie, who ends up in a snow-filled environment and tries to make contact with the others. With no luck, the trusty captain decides to look around and stumbles on a nearby horde of Yellow Pikmin. We get introduced to some of the mechanics, like removing obstacles and attacking enemies, but he is soon attacked by a bigger unknown creature and his opening sequence ends. After all that, we move on to Alph, who lands in a much more tropical area than his colleague. He comes across Red Pikmin and together they build a bridge to get onto the right path. After some more tutorials and the destruction of some obstacles, Alph finds the spaceship (known as the S.S. Drake) and tries to contact Brittany. She seems to be in trouble and Alph's first task is to bring her to safety.
During this first regular mission, Alph comes across the Rock Pikmin, who are extremely helpful for breaking obstacles along the way. These and the Winged Pikmin are new to the series and take the place of some removed Pikmin types from the previous game. You will also come across a lot of crystals, in which some needed items are buried. These gameplay introductions seem friendlier than the earlier tutorials and help to engage the player. With the help of the Rock Pikmin, you are able to save Brittany and start working on bigger projects. The first one is to collect some fruit, which is scattered everywhere across the landscape and needs to be collected. The reason why is that the fruit juices are needed to stay alive to push forward with your mission. Next to fruits, you also need to continue expand your Pikmin population, which is achieved by bringing enemies and colored pallets back to base. More Pikmin will simply help to accomplish more tasks in a day.
Completing many tasks in a day is important. Every day in Pikmin 3 is roughly 20 minutes long from start to end. You can't just do whatever you like at any given moment like in Pikmin 2. With no time to spare and such heavy focus on survival, you would think that there is almost no room for error in Pikmin 3. This isn't exactly the case, as you can redo days at any given moment and start from the point where you think it went all downhill. This gives the space to experiment here and there, which made Pikmin 2 such a more enjoyable venture than the first. These elements make Pikmin 3 a blend of the first two games, which makes it fresh. While time is a big part of the title, there is naturally plenty of exploring to do on the world of PNF-404.
Walking about with three captains and 100 Pikmin may seem a bit unusual, but it is another part of what makes the experience special. While Pikmin 2 introduced the use of two characters, Pikmin 3 has refined the use of multiple characters in some interesting ways. By splitting up tasks between players, it creates the feeling of cooking a complex meal. Solving different challenges and puzzles in an area and letting the Pikmin perform various tasks at once tests your reflexes and keeps you on your toes throughout the game. Pikmin 3 eases into this complexity by first letting you throw captains and Pikmin to higher places and make them complete bridges or break up walls. The other group can then raise more creatures and prep them for the next battle. The Pikmin can be still a bit unresponsive at times or get stuck in the environment, but the little moments of panic do keep you on your toes. This game features some fun, giant bosses and they are always waiting in the corners of the most devious places. The bosses are tricky, but the good thing is that the damage done carries through to the next day.
While it seems that you are mostly alone with the big task that lies ahead of you, that isn't exactly true. You have handy companion: the Wii U GamePad. The device is known as the KopPad in the game and is used to display various important details. You can pause the action at any time and look on the map to find the correct passage toward your goals. Next to this, there are also various data entries scattered in the world, left by our former friend Captain Olimar. He gives you details on using the Pikmin, how to successfully beat opponents, and how to use the game's slew of mechanics. There is also relevant information on the current status of the Pikmin and the fruits, which makes organizing a snap. Talking about snaps, the last option lets you go in the perspective of the captain and allows you to take screenshots, which you can then post to Miiverse.
You can also use the Wii U GamePad to control the game and for off-TV play. Down on the D-Pad is then used to bring up the KopPad. It is not the ideal way for me to play the game, as I enjoy playing the game with a Wii Remote Plus and Nunchuck. The GamePad and Wii U Pro Controller control similarly to the GameCube versions, where you will have to stop to throw the Pikmin, making management a bit more chaotic. It must be said, though, that you have better control over the camera with these options, which will be attractive to some. You can also use the regular Wii Remote (with a Nunchuk) and play the game how it was in the New Play Control versions of Pikmin. This certainly works, but it doesn't have the reach of the Wii Remote Plus. With the upgraded controller, you can point with much more accuracy and don't have to worry about not pointing at the sensor bar. The point-and-click controls also simply make the experience more enjoyable.
The regular story mode will take you roughly 10 hours to complete, but you still have plenty of food to collect and puzzles to solve. It took me about 18 hours to see everything the game has to offer, and this includes the couple of times that I had to replay a level. This isn't where the game ends, really, because there are still some fun activities left. First off, there are two mission modes called Gather the Fruit and Battle Enemies. In Gather the Fruit, you will have to collect as much fruit and enemies as humanly possible. These will be converted into currency that will decide the score. With Battle Enemies, you will have to defeat a whole lot of them and these will translate into spirit points. Every enemy type has its own amount of points and you have to figure them out as you go along. Both options can be played alone or with a buddy in co-op, and the results can be sent off to on-line leaderboards. While there are only five of each mission type, they are fun to play again and again and it is cool to see how your skills improve over time.
Just like Pikmin 2 before it, the game features local multiplayer, which lets two players duke it out against one another. In this dedicated option called Bingo Battle, players will take control of their own squad of Pikmin and can perform tasks with one or two captains. One side will have the option of Alph and Brittany, while the other side has to depend on Captain Olimar and Louie. The mode features 12 different stages to choose from and can be played with any control option you like. In Bingo Battle, you will have to fill up a 4x4 card, with the squares featuring various enemies and fruits. Your goal is collect a row of them and this can be done horizontally, diagonally, or vertically. You can also win the game by wiping the opponents entire squad away, which can be done with the help of cherries. Cherries will grant you the ability to shoot some nasty effects at your opponent, which is a lot of fun.
The game is well presented with a beautiful style to boot, but there are a few niggles here and there that make me grumpy. Some of the ground textures are not as sharp as I would have liked, and that is a bit of bummer. A few other smaller objects suffer with the same issue, but the ground texture problems are more frequent. Otherwise, the game is quite breathtaking with nice looking environments and the character designs are as strong as ever. The soundtrack and small audio touches also add to this experience and will make you smile inside.
Pikmin 3 is absolutely the sequel that everybody has been waiting for and is well worth exploring, whether you are a veteran or newcomer to the series. The gameplay mechanics have been greatly improved and the great ideas of the previous games have been married with new elements that keep you on your toes. Pikmin are still often unresponsive and behave somewhat unpredictably and there is some texture work that could have been improved, but the overall experience stands strong and mighty. And again, the best moments were with a Wii Remote Plus and Nunchuk. It must be said that playing the game any other way didn't have the same impact or smoothness in the micro-management. If you are Wii U owner really in search of the next big thing, then you have found it.
Plate tectonics is a slow-grind drama with some dramatic plot twists – these scenarios show how Earth might look in 250 million AD
Brett Ryder
ASIA is torn in two. The Atlantic and Pacific oceans are swallowed. Where once there were beaches, great mountain ranges judder into the skies, fusing together a scatter of separate land masses into one mighty new supercontinent. Call it… Aurica.
That's what João Duarte calls it, anyway. A geoscientist at the University of Lisbon, Portugal, he has his own distinct vision of how Earth may look 250 million years from now. He joins a band of fortune tellers gazing into the distant future, all with different ideas about how and where the next supercontinent will form, and what cataclysms might strike along the way.
Advertisement
The answer will determine Earth's future climate and prospects for sustaining life. But getting it right requires grappling with a machine whose workings we still understand only imperfectly: that of plate tectonics.
Earth's surface is clad in rigid rock plates – together called the lithosphere – formed of surface crustal rock laminated on to hard cold mantle rocks. Given their rigidity, it is surprising that these plates don't simply lock together, unmoving. And indeed, until about 50 years ago geologists thought that Earth's land masses were fixed, despite German geophysicist Alfred Wegener having proposed the idea of continental drift in 1915.
The creation and destruction of ocean basins makes plate motion possible. Plates move apart at mid-ocean ridges, where molten rock rises and cools to form hard, dense basalt. They move together at subduction zones, where old ocean lithosphere plunges under a neighbouring plate. As it penetrates the warmer, softer mantle beneath, …
Image caption The Genoa G8 summit was marred by widespread violence
Italy's Supreme Court has upheld jail terms for seven policemen and doctors for brutality against protesters at the G8 summit in 2001 in Genoa.
The sentences, ranging from one to four years, relate to the abuse of more than 250 people detained by police at the nearby Bolzaneto barracks.
The arrests followed clashes between anti-globalisation protesters and police at the summit.
But all of those held at Bolzaneto were later proved to be innocent.
They were released without charge.
In a separate incident during the summit, 23-year-old protester Carlo Giuliani was shot dead by a policeman.
I was convinced they were going to kill us Simone, Ex-detainee at Bolzaneto
'Spat at and insulted'
Friday's ruling concerns a police raid at a school were protesters were sleeping and the subsequent detention of many of them at the Bolzaneto barracks.
The court confirmed the sentences handed to the policemen and prison doctors in 2010.
Many of those detained said they were physically humiliated and threatened with rape.
One of them told the BBC that he and dozens others were detained by police: "All of us were handcuffed, and made to stare at the walls. They (police) would pass and slap us in the neck, spit at us, insult us, threaten us.
"When you asked to go to the toilet, they would take you but - once there - kick you, push you to the ground.
"I was convinced they were going to kill us."
He added that a girl sitting next to him "had vomited all over her, and her face had been transformed by fear".
The police brutality at the Genoa summit generated headlines around the world, and several trials have been held since.
What does an artist do after finally finding the mainstream, massive success that they never expected they would? Many go on to try and repeat it, but that may be foolish. Staying at the top is near-impossible and can stifle creativity, or at least that's what Nate Ruess, lead singer of the pop-rock band fun. is thinking now that he's become a star in his own right.
After charting a surprise number one smash with “We Are Young” (not to mention another number one with Pink on her “Just Give Me A Reason” and several other hits with fun.) and winning the Grammys for Record of the Year and Best New Artist, the band chose to walk away from it all for a while, opting to let all three members try something different. Two of the three have released projects and have established who they are as artists, and now it's Nate's turn.
The singer-songwriter is finally out with his own solo record—Grand Romantic, a grandiose, over-the-top emotional affair that still finds a way to be a lot of fun—and he discussed it recently with Forbes.
Really excited about the album! What would you say it sounds like in your own words?
Yeah, sure, I'll give it my damndest. I was surprised at how hyper-personal it ended up being when all was said and done. Usually when I'm working on an album I like to set a start and a finish—a first song and a last song—and then figure out what is in the middle. There's a lot of writing in studio, more so than I usually do. For Some Nights [fun.'s last album], I put the whole thing together about a month before we went into the studio to record it. This one was a lot more touch and go, which was awesome. When I heard the whole thing, I was really proud with what happened with the lyrics.
Musically, it feels like a journey. Without being a true concept album. I think it can be pretty bombastic, and I think by the end it can get pretty emotional and a little more soft. For lack of a better term, more organic.
If the album is so emotional, what brought these feelings about?
I wanted to challenge myself. I come up with titles before I actually start writing for it, so I had this Grand Romantic title for a while. I thought the two words sounded nice together. I thought it would be great to explore the idea of falling in love. For the last ten years or so I've been so able to keep an even keel, for better or for worse, and with this album I wanted to open myself up and be vulnerable. I think that's what Grand Romantic means. You need to acknowledge all this love and happiness and know that it could go away. Take a moment to see what's going down and to actually feel it. I challenged myself lyrically to step into that.
What are your expectations for this project? Are you expecting a Some Nights-sized juggernaut?
No. It's interesting. That album exceeded all of my expectations. That allowed me to step out and do this. I was talking to a friend the other day, and we were talking about another artist. That artist had made it all the way to the top, and we were comparing it to Everest. It's like the higher you climb up, the harder it is to get oxygen. It seems so unsustainable. I'm happy if that album is a commercial peak for me. I don't want to stay at the top and fight for oxygen—I want to move down a bit where I can breathe easy and feel like myself.
That's a really good way of putting it. So this is your first solo album, but you have seen success writing and as a featured guest on songs with artists like Pink and Eminem. Is that something you want to pursue further?
Not particularly. I had a good time doing it. I'm very proud of the collaborations I've done with other artists, and I'm sure I'll get bored and someone will ask me if I'd be interested in doing that, but it's not something that I actively look to do. I'm not a prolific writer by any stretch of the imagination. I usually just catch a wave of inspiration and go for it. I'm quite content if I never write another song for another person again, but somehow I doubt that.
Is there anybody you'd really like to write for?
I got to work with Beck, who sang on my album. I got to cross that off my list. We had such a great time. I also sang backup vocals for him at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame a little while ago when he was playing a song for Lou Reed, who was being inducted. I always said that I'd love to work with someone like Paul McCartney, and when I was going to the Hall of Fame I got an email saying that Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr are playing a song at the end of the ceremony and they want all the artists to come up on stage and sing with them. So I got to go up on stage with them. I also sang a song on Brian Wilson's album that was released recently. So, Brian Wilson, Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr, Beck, Pink, Eminem...it doesn't really get much better than that for me.
If Part 8 of "Twin Peaks" saw Lynch operating in Terrence Malick mode, then Part 10 was the director's ode to one of Kubrick's most controversial scenes.
Some of the most memorable scenes in “Twin Peaks: The Return” have found David Lynch revisiting the experimental highs of his most radical film work. Cooper's strange trip in Episode 3 was a return to the sound and fury of “Eraserhead” and “Inland Empire,” while the sight of the camera looking down at Amanda Seyfried's glowing Becky Burnett in Part 5 recalled the delirium of “Mulholland Drive.”
READ MORE: ‘Twin Peaks' Part 8 Was the Closest We'll Come to Seeing David Lynch's ‘Tree of Life'
But the series' boldest moments have occurred when Lynch has infused his own dark style with the most iconic cinema ever made. That was certainly what happened in the legendary Part 8, in which the director channeled his inner Terrence Malick to tell the wordless origin story of evil (IndieWire called the scene “the closest we'll ever come to seeing David Lynch's ‘Tree of Life”), and that was the case in Part 10 when the murdering Richard Horne (Eamon Farren) robbed his grandmother, Sylvia.
Lynch's staging in this four-minute sequence made it feel like the director's own version of Stanley Kubrick's controversial rape scene in “A Clockwork Orange,” with a dash of Michael Haneke's “Funny Games” thrown in for disturbing measure. The imagery alone of a wealthy, idyllic suburban home and its inhabitants being terrorized by a male sociopath recalls these movies, but it's the way Lynch created his unnerving tone through camera shots that was most representative of Kubrick's violent dysfunction.
If you go back and re-watch the infamous “Clockwork” scene, you'll notice how Kubrick's reliance on fixed camera positions and long stationary shots increases the level of uneasiness to the actions being depicted. Kubrick holds his camera and lets the violence play out in voyeuristic fashion for the viewer. This decision not only inflicts helplessness in the characters inside the frame, but also for the viewer watching in a way that is downright nauseating. Lynch utilizes and twists this method in “Twin Peaks.” He keeps the camera mostly in fixed positions, but he doesn't force it to remain entirely still. Lynch opts for a handheld camera so that the shots feel as if he was filming on a rocking boat. The slight left-and-right bobbing creates a kind of queasy motion sickness that sets the tone for what's taking place.
Showtime
Lynch also borrows Kubrick's masterful balance of closeups and wide shots to ratchet up feelings of horror and hopelessness, respectively. Lynch puts the camera close to Sylvia Horne (Jan D'Arcy) in all of her shots, amplifying the shock of her facial expressions and capturing the distraught nature of what's occurring. There's an intimacy to the way she is filmed up close that is so horrific given what's occurring. But he takes a wider approach in filming Johnny Horne (Eric Rondell).
Johnny is tied to a chair throughout the scene after sustaining a head injury in the previous episode, so there's already a level of hopelessness to his situation. But the wide shots force the viewer to observe all of his panicked movements to survive, from his feet running in place to his body fidgeting and trying to break free. These shots are not violent in nature, but they are full of extreme panic and terror. In taking Kubrick's voyeuristic approach to filming Johnny, Lynch forces the viewer into a state of distressed submission.
READ MORE: ‘Twin Peaks' Review: Part 10 Keeps the Electricity Humming With Laura Palmer and a Lucky Dougie
The sound choices are also essential to how the sequence operates. Kubrick's rape scene is without music, a purposeful choice that serves to make all the victims' cries for help feel louder and more punishing. Lynch could have certainly taken this route, but he instead layers his character's shrieks over a rather soothing orchestral melody. It's a composed music choice that acts in direct counterpoint to the disorder of the events and adds to the scene's tormenting nature. The melody is beautiful and calm, but what's happening couldn't be more opposite.
The second noise is the constant loop of Johnny's stuffed animal saying, “Hello, Johnny, how are you today?” Intentional or not, appropriating a friendly childhood toy into something menacing and twisted is similar to the method used by Kubrick when he had Alex belt “Singin' in the Rain” while he destroyed the home and his buddies carried out a rape. There's an innocence to both the song and the stuffed animal that both filmmakers corrupt by including them in these scenes. Lynch has the toy's catchphrase repeated as the scene carries out as a constant reminder that a loss of innocence is taking place. Like the orchestral music, its consistency juxtaposes the chaos of Richard's actions and keeps the horror coming.
In just four minutes, Lynch managed to create his very own “A Clockwork Orange” and gave “Twin Peaks: The Return” one of its most unforgettable sequences. In moments like this scene and Part 8, watching the director take the touchstones of Malick and Kubrick and make them feel purely Lynchian has provided a sensational kick for “Twin Peaks” fans that call themselves cinephiles. As the series heads into its final episodes, here's hoping Lynch has more twisted homages in store.
Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
New bill omits key ‘precautionary' principle requiring developers and industry to prove actions will not harm wildlife or habitats as well as ‘polluter pays' protections
The cornerstones of wildlife and habitat protection have been quietly left out of the withdrawal bill ripping the heart out of environmental law, campaigners say.
A key principle under EU law which provides a robust legal backstop against destruction of the environment – the precautionary principle - has been specifically ruled out of the bill as a means of legal challenge in British courts.
Based on the idea that the environment is unowned, the precautionary principle creates a bottom line forcing those who want to build or develop, for example, to prove in law what they are doing will not damage the environment.
How will Brexit affect British wildlife? Read more
Other key elements of EU legal protection, the polluter pays, and the principle that preventative action should be taken to avert environmental damage, have also been ruled out in the bill as a means to protect the natural world from damage by policymakers, development or industry after Brexit.
The withdrawal bill began to be debated in committee this week by MPs. Ministers are facing intense lobbying by Greener UK, an umbrella group of several leading environmental NGOs and backbench MPs, to ensure that the UK does not throw out these key protections.
Richard Benwell, head of government affairs at WWT, said: “Take out principles like precaution and polluter pays and you rip out the heart of environmental law.
“For decades they have helped guide good decisions – and strike down bad decisions – from planning to food safety to water quality and chemicals licensing.
“The principles must be available not just to interpret old law, but also to inform future decisions. Crucially we must be able to challenge Government in court if environmental principles are ignored. At the moment that's explicity ruled out – a clear departure from the commitment to legal continuity on Brexit day.”
The precautionary principle and polluter pays principle are contained in Article 191 (2) of the Lisbon treaty which states policy on the environment should be “based on the precautionary principle and on the principles that preventive action should be taken, that environmental damage should as a priority be rectified at source and that the polluter should pay.”
But Schedule 1 of the withdrawal bill rules out these EU principles as a basis for challenge in British law. It states there is no right of action in domestic law on or after exit day based on a failure to comply with any of the general principles of EU law, and that no court or tribunal or other public body may, on or after exit day, quash any conduct or decide it is unlawful because it is incompatible with any of the general principles of EU law.
Tom Burke, chair of the global climate change think tank E3G, said: “It would not be an exaggeration to say that Brexit will have more immediate impact on our ability to manage the growing stresses on the environment than any other single political development of the past 50 years.
“There is no formal place in British policy practise for the writing into legislation of principles such as the polluter pays or the precautionary principle. This weakens the guidance to policymakers and judges as to the tests that should be applied in policy formation or implementation.”
Amendments put forward by Caroline Lucas, leader of the Green Party, Kerry McCarthy Labour MP and Mary Creagh the Labour chair of the environmental audit committee, aim to fill the vacuum left by the bill in its current form. Amendment NC28 puts forward a new clause to ensure that public authorities must have regard to environmental principles currently enshrined in EU law.
Lawyers from the Department of Environment Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) when asked by the Guardian about the absence of the precautionary principle as a means of challenge, made no comment on whether the amendments might be accepted as the bill goes through committee.
Benwell said ministers in Defra did appear to be looking for answers. But he said: “To give the public confidence that the spirit of our environmental law will be upheld, we are looking for strong solutions from Government to preserve and improve the application of the principles in UK laws in the early stages of the EU withdrawal bill.”
A Defra spokesperson said: “Our ambition is to be the first generation to leave the environment in a better state than we found it.
“The decision to leave the European Union creates new opportunities for a green Brexit and to enhance our environmental standards. We now have the chance to deliver higher standards of animal welfare and reform how we manage our land, rivers and seas.”
Getty Images
The Patriots kept things in the family this year when they named Steve Belichick as the safeties coach on his father Bill's staff.
They went back to the Belichick well to fill out their scouting department. Mike Reiss of ESPN.com reports that the team has confirmed that Brian Belichick has been hired as a scouting assistant for the 2016 season. Reiss adds that the Trinity College graduate was part of the group the Patriots sent to the Senior Bowl this year and that he was around during the team's offseason workouts as well.
Former Ohio State linebacker Cam Williams and Daniel Debick are also newly hired scouting assistants in New England and the team confirmed that Mike Pellegrino and Cole Popovich will be coaching assistants.
Pellegrino interned with the team last year and his background as an All-American lacrosse player at Johns Hopkins likely didn't hurt when it came to talk to the eldest Belichick about a job. Popovich also joined the team last year and will work with the offensive line.
[NEWS] HAMMERFALL New Album, Built to Last, Out Today!
[NEWS] HAMMERFALL New Album, Built to Last, Out Today!
Sweden's power metal masters, HAMMERFALL, are back with the release of their 10th studio album “Built To Last“, fell upon Earth today.
GET “BUILT TO LAST” HERE
Available now at www.nervegas.com
After a 20 year-long global career, HAMMERFALL never stands still. In fact, these pioneers of modern melodic heavy metal haven't slowed down, quite the opposite!
Highly melodic and swift anthems, aggressive lead guitars, choruses you'll sing along to for years, Joacim Cans' inimitable, steel-melting voice (recorded once more with James Michael / SIXX:A.M. in Los Angeles) and all mixed by the great Fredrik Nordström (Studio Fredman) turn this offering into one of the most consistent, exciting and passionate albums you'll ever hear. Two decades of delivering this unique brand of classic metal have only served to make HAMMERFALL sound hungrier and more vital than at any point in the past!
The tracklist for ‘Built To Last' reads as follows:
1) Bring It!
2) Hammer High
3) The Sacred Vow
4) Dethrone And Defy
5) Twilight Princess
6) Stormbreaker
7) Built To Last
8) The Star Of Home
9) New Breed
10) Second To None
GET “BULT TO LAST” HERE
Available now at www.nervegas.com
Jeremiah Friedman and Nick Palmer have been hired to pen the script.
Warner Bros. is in the midst of remake fever, with the 1992 hit The Bodyguard the latest to get a retread.
The studio has hired Jeremiah Friedman and Nick Palmer to write the script. Studio-based Dan Lin will produce.
PHOTOS: More Hollywood remakes
The original starred Kevin Costner and Whitney Houston and spawned one of the biggest ballads of all time, "I Will Always Love You." It entered on a former Secret Service agent hired to protect a world famous pop singer. While initially uncomfortable in her glitzy world, the man eventually falls for her, compromising his ability to protect her.
The original was written by Lawrence Kasdan and was the first script written by the scribe, best known for penning Raiders of the Lost Ark and The Big Chill. It was meant as a vehicle for Steve McQueen and Diana Ross.
VIDEO: Top-earning movies
In the remake, the story would be updated so that the man would be a former Iraqi war vet trying to protect his client against an Internet world, in which stalkers can track stars on Twitter, Gawker Stalker, Google Maps and countless other sites.
Warner Bros.' Sarah Schechter is overseeing. It's too early in the process for actors to be announced.
Friedman and Palmer wrote the action-comedy script Family Getaway, which is set up at the studio and made the 2010 Black List. The duo is repped by UTA and Mosaic.
The news comes just a month after the studio announced plans to have Clint Eastwood direct Beyonce in the musical remake of A Star Is Born.
Cooking under time constraints is hard. That's why competitors get so sweaty and frazzled during cooking competition shows. In real life, when you're a student, or busy working adult, or just not feelin' up to spending hours in the kitchen, assembling a healthy meal in a short amount of time can be a challenge.
Luckily, shortcuts exist. Like pre-cut, pre-bagged vegetables and squash, quick-cooking grains, and frozen pre-cooked grains (thanks, Trader Joe's).
Here are 7 healthy, plant-based meals, all of which take less than 15 minutes start to finish, are budget-friendly (less than $30 total), and most importantly, delicious! You can customize these to your liking (such as by picking your favorite vegetables and beans).
Make one trip to the grocery store, and for the price of 2 cocktails in Manhattan, you can have an entire week's worth of fast, nourishing meals at your fingertips (assuming you have cooking oil and salt and pepper at home already). But if you're not vegan, you can make a week's worth of dinners from Trader Joe's for under $25 like this.
#SpoonTip: All of these meals are gluten free friendly if you use corn tortillas and swap quinoa for farro.
Grocery List:
1 package cut and cubed butternut squash or sweet potatoes, can substitute 3 large sweet potatoes ($2.29)
1 package kale or romaine ($1.99; $2.29 for organic)
1 package arugula or spinach ($1.99; $2.29 for organic)
1 tomato ($0.29)
1 apple ($0.69-$0.79; $0.99 for organic)
1 avocado ($0.99)
1 lemon ($0.49)
1 lime, optional ($0.29)
1 bag Vegetable Medley with broccoli, cauliflower and carrots, can substitute broccoli cauliflower blend, Healthy 8 Chopped Veggie Mixes, or Stir-Fry Vegetables ($2.29)
1 large cucumber ($1.49)
1 package firm tofu ($1.69)
1 package Organic 3 Grain Tempeh ($1.99)
1 box frozen Microwaveable Brown Rice, can substitute frozen quinoa, Rice Blend, jasmine rice, or frozen Organic Cauliflower Rice ($2.99; $3.49 organic)
1 can black beans ($0.89; $0.99 for organic)
1 can chickpeas ($0.89; $0.99 for organic)
1 jar salsa of choice ($1.99-2.29)
1 package 10-Minute Farro, barley, or quinoa ($1.79)
1 package Taco Seasoning ($0.79)
1 package seaweed snacks ($0.99)
1 package corn tortillas, can substitute whole wheat or white flour ($0.99)
1 bag cilantro, optional ($1.79)
1 bag frozen edamame, optional ($1.79)
Total: $30.00 (+ tax), Organic Total: $31.50 (+ tax)
Photo by Katherine Baker More
Beans and squash make for a filling, delicious twist on conventional tacos. Find out how to make these plant-based tacos here.
Photo by Katherine Baker More
Skip the lines at Chipotle, and make a sofrita bowl with tofu at home. Learn how here.
Photo by Katherine Baker More
Haven't you heard? #Grainz are the new #gains. Find out how to make this here.
Photo by Katherine Baker More
Kale salad with a protein punch. Chickpeas and tempeh give this salad major staying power. Add whatever nuts and dried fruit you have in your pantry for extra yums. Find out how to make it here.
A freight train from India to Russia, passing through Azerbaijan is planned to start running by the end of this August.
A freight train from India to Russia, passing through Azerbaijan is planned to start running by the end of this August. RIA Novosti was told this during an interview with Javid Gurbanov, Head of Azerbaijan Railways.
This train route is part of the “North-South” project. In August, a freight train from Mumbai will arrive at the Iranian port of Bandar Abbas, and then travel through Astara in Azerbaijan to its final destination in Moscow.
The “North-South” project is a multi-modal freight transport route with a total length of over 7,000 kilometers from Helsinki to the port of Mumbai, passing through Russia, Azerbaijan and Iran to India and Southeast Asia. During the first stage of this corridor, they are planning to transport five million tons of cargo annually, and in the future – more than 10 million tons of cargo each year.
All rights reserved by Rossiyskaya Gazeta.
The Aviation Herald Last Update: Wednesday, Feb 27th 2019 00:05Z
23848 Articles available
Events from Jun 19th 1999 to Feb 26th 2019 www.avherald.com Incidents and News in Aviation List by: Filter: Incident: Lion B738 at Gorontalo on Aug 6th 2013, hit cows and runway excursion on landing
By Simon Hradecky, created Monday, Apr 7th 2014 13:50Z, last updated Monday, Apr 7th 2014 13:57Z Indonesia's National Transportation Safety Committee (NTSC, also known as KNKT) have released their final report concluding the contributing factor to the serious incident were:
Some fences at the north and south of the runway along about 500 meters were broken and some parts were not installed with the fences.
- The Djalaluddin Airport has been audited by The Directorate of Airport dated 11 July 2013 number: 016/DBU-IK/VII/2013, as the findings it found that: some Airport perimeter fences broken and the corrective action program did not perform. As such, This condition could be clasified as extreemly high since the findings issued till this serious incident occurred.
The NTSC reported the aircraft landed on Gorontalo's runway 27.
The captain (44, ATPL, about 10,000 hours total, 3,858 hours on type) was pilot flying, the first officer (32, CPL, about 1,700 hours total, 1,393 hours on type) was pilot monitoring.
After normal approach and touch down in clear weather and night conditions during roll out the crew saw a number of animals ahead, the aircraft impacted such animals at about 120 knots about 550 meters/1800 feet past the runway threshold. The crew subsequently felt the brakes were ineffective, the aircraft veered to the left and came to a stop on the left runway shoulder about 2,100 meters/6900 feet past the runway threshold.
The smell of burning meat entered the cabin during roll out and dissipated after the engines were shut down.
The NTSC reported that Gorontalo tower issued taxi clearances but received no reply. About a minute later the crew called tower reporting they had hit animals during roll out, stopped on the runway shoulder and needed assistance, the crew inquired whether any fire was visible. Tower advised they could not see any fire.
The captain subsequently made an announcement requesting passengers to remain seated and wait for further instruction, a number of passengers however got up, opened the overwing emergency exits and exited the aircraft without instruction from flight crew. Two of those passengers received sprained ankles as result of them exiting through the overwing exits.
Arriving emergency services confirmed there was no fire, the passengers then disembarked through the right forward and both aft service doors via mobile stairs.
Two dead cows were found entangled with the aircraft's main landing gear struts. The hydraulic lines operating the brakes as well as the main landing gear weight on wheel sensors were damaged.
The NTSC analysed that the airport had been audited by the directorate of airports on July 11th 2013. The audit noted that parts of the airport perimeter fences had been broken resulting in an increased risk of wildlife hazard. The investigation could not find any evidence of corrective action taken by the airport following the audit until the time of the incident.
Given the landing weight, landing configuration (flaps 40) and runway conditions a landing distance of 5770 feet/1760 meters was required well within the landing distance of 7380 feet/2250 meters available. After touchdown spoilers and reversers deployed, automatic brakes activated according to BRAKE 3 settings, an initial deceleration of -0.316G was recorded, that decreased to -0.2G following the impact with the cows.
The safety actions taken by the Airport Authority (Photo: NTSC):
The aircraft sitting on the runway shoulder (Photo: NTSC):
By Simon Hradecky, created Tuesday, Aug 6th 2013 18:21Z, last updated Tuesday, Aug 6th 2013 18:21Z
Indonesia's Ministry of Transport reported the aircraft landed in good weather and visibility when after touch down the crew noticed three cows on the runway, tried to steer the aircraft around them however hit the cows nonetheless, which resulted in the failure of brakes. The aircraft came to a stop about 10 meters past the paved surface of the runway end safety area. There is currently no explanation as to why the cattle was on the runway.
The airline reported that the crew noticed they had run over something during roll out and radioed tower about running over something. The airline dismissed claims by the Ministry of Transport the crew had attempted to avoid the cows and overran the runway as result.
Photos surfacing on Twitter show the aircraft on soft ground.
No weather data are available.
PK-LKH on soft ground (Photo: Dhirgo Igo):
A Lionair Boeing 737-800, registration PK-LKH performing flight JT-892 from Ujung Padang to Gorontalo (Indonesia) with 110 passengers and 7 crew, landed on Gorontalo's runway at 21:11L (13:11Z) but hit a number of cows before coming to a stop past the runway end with a cow embedded and killed under the main gear. No injuries occurred on board of the aircraft, the aircraft sustained minor damage.Indonesia's Ministry of Transport reported the aircraft landed in good weather and visibility when after touch down the crew noticed three cows on the runway, tried to steer the aircraft around them however hit the cows nonetheless, which resulted in the failure of brakes. The aircraft came to a stop about 10 meters past the paved surface of the runway end safety area. There is currently no explanation as to why the cattle was on the runway.The airline reported that the crew noticed they had run over something during roll out and radioed tower about running over something. The airline dismissed claims by the Ministry of Transport the crew had attempted to avoid the cows and overran the runway as result.Photos surfacing on Twitter show the aircraft on soft ground.No weather data are available.PK-LKH on soft ground (Photo: Dhirgo Igo):
By Mads O on Wednesday, Apr 9th 2014 07:45Z
By The Legacy on Wednesday, Apr 9th 2014 02:55Z
By VPA481 on Tuesday, Apr 8th 2014 08:13Z
By Dubai_Phil on Tuesday, Apr 8th 2014 05:47Z
By Dubai_Phil on Tuesday, Apr 8th 2014 05:45Z
By Kris Stark on Monday, Apr 7th 2014 20:01Z
By Coasty on Monday, Apr 7th 2014 17:58Z
By Dave Cornutt on Monday, Apr 7th 2014 16:28Z
By LOL on Monday, Apr 7th 2014 15:35Z
By The Apron Dog on Monday, Apr 7th 2014 15:34Z
By Rahul on Monday, Apr 7th 2014 15:31Z
By Rahul on Monday, Apr 7th 2014 15:27Z
By Brian on Monday, Apr 7th 2014 15:07Z
By Mateusz on Monday, Apr 7th 2014 15:02Z
By james Dean on Monday, Apr 7th 2014 14:06Z
By Steve on Friday, Aug 9th 2013 07:22Z
By CMO on Friday, Aug 9th 2013 06:58Z
By Bloke on Thursday, Aug 8th 2013 06:51Z
By Peter on Wednesday, Aug 7th 2013 23:44Z
By Jimbo on Wednesday, Aug 7th 2013 23:01Z
By (anonymous) on Wednesday, Aug 7th 2013 21:56Z
By Crescendojim on Wednesday, Aug 7th 2013 20:20Z
By Andrew S. on Wednesday, Aug 7th 2013 19:39Z
By pf on Wednesday, Aug 7th 2013 14:46Z
By Peter on Wednesday, Aug 7th 2013 13:42Z
By Marc on Wednesday, Aug 7th 2013 13:03Z
By pf on Wednesday, Aug 7th 2013 11:22Z
By Dara on Wednesday, Aug 7th 2013 07:44Z
By bwheel on Wednesday, Aug 7th 2013 05:39Z
By Captain Fancy Pants on Wednesday, Aug 7th 2013 04:25Z
Add your comment: (max 1024 characters) Your Name: Your Email: Subject: Your comment: The Aviation Herald Apps
Android and iOS
Support The Aviation Herald
one time
Monthly support 1 €/month
Interview: The human factor named "Simon Hradecky" and the team of man and machine Get the news right onto your desktop when they happen © 2008-2019 by The Aviation Herald, all rights reserved, reprint and republishing prohibited. We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our site, learn more
Enrique "Ricky" Prado's resume reads like the ultimate CIA officer: veteran of the Central American wars, running the CIA's operations in Korea, a top spy in America's espionage programs against China, and deputy to counter-terrorist chief Cofer Black – and then a stint at Blackwater. But he's also alleged to have started out a career as a hitman for a notorious Miami mobster, and kept working for the mob even after joining the CIA. Finally, he went on to serve as the head of the CIA's secret assassination squad against Al-Qaida.
That's according to journalist Evan Wright's blockbuster story How to Get Away With Murder in America, distributed by Byliner. In it, Wright – who authored Generation Kill, the seminal story of the Iraq invasion – compiles lengthy, years-long__ __investigations by state and federal police into a sector of Miami's criminal underworld that ended nowhere, were sidelined by higher-ups, or cut short by light sentences. It tracks the history of Prado's alleged Miami patron and notorious cocaine trafficker, Alberto San Pedro, and suspicions that Prado moved a secret death squad from the CIA to Blackwater.
"In protecting Prado, the CIA arguably allowed a new type of mole – an agent not of a foreign government but of American criminal interests – to penetrate command," Wright writes.
In this sense, there are two stories that blur into each other: Prado the CIA officer, and Prado the alleged killer. The latter begins when Prado met his alleged future mob patron, Alberto San Pedro, as a high school student in Miami after their families had fled Cuba following the revolution. Prado would later join the Air Force, though he never saw service in Vietnam, and returned to Miami to work as a firefighter. But he kept moonlighting as a hitman for San Pedro, who had emerged into one of Miami's most formidable cocaine traffickers, according to Wright.
San Pedro hosted parties for the city's elite, lost a testicle in a drive-by shooting outside of his house, rebuilt his house into a fortress, tortured guard dogs for sport, and imported tens of millions of dollars' worth of cocaine into the United States per year, Wright adds. His ties reportedly included an aide to former Florida Governor Bob Graham, numerous judges, lobbyists and a state prosecutor. His ties also included a friendship with former CNN anchor Rick Sanchez, then a local TV reporter.
Prado, meanwhile, was dropping bodies, alleges Wright. Investigators from the Miami-Dade Police Department's organized crime squad suspected him of participating in at least seven murders and one attempted murder. He attempted to join the CIA, but returned to Miami after not completing the background check (due to his apparent concern over his family ties). But was admitted after the Reagan administration opened up a covert offensive against leftist Central American militants, where he reportedly served training the Contras.
More startling, the Miami murders allegedly continued after Prado joined the CIA. One target included a cocaine distributor in Colorado who was killed by a car bomb. Investigators believed he was killed over concerns he would talk to the police.
Years later, in 1996, Prado was a senior manager inside the CIA's Bin Laden Issue Station, before the Al-Qaida mastermind was a well-known name. Two years later, the bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania elevated Prado to become the chief of operations inside the CIA's Counterterrorist Center, headed by then-chief Cofer Black, later an executive for the notorious merc firm Blackwater. "As the title implied, the job made Prado responsible for all the moving pieces at the CTC – supervising field offices on surveillance, rendition, or other missions, and making sure that logistics were in order, that personnel were in place," according to Wright.
Prado was also reportedly put in charge of a "targeted assassination unit," that was never put into operation. (The CIA shifted to drones.) But according to Wright, the CIA handed over its hit squad operation to Blackwater, now called Academi, as a way "to kill people with precision, without getting caught." Prado is said to have negotiated the deal to transfer the unit, which Wright wrote "marked the first time the U.S. government outsourced a covert assassination service to private enterprise." As to whether the unit was *then *put into operation, two Blackwater contractors tell Wright the unit began "whacking people like crazy" beginning in 2008. Prado also popped up two years ago in a report by Jeremy Scahill of The Nation, in which the now ex-CIA Prado was discovered to have built up a network of foreign shell companies to hide Blackwater operations, beginning in 2004. The Nation also revealed that Prado pitched an e-mail in 2007 to the DEA, explaining that Blackwater could "do everything from surveillance to ground truth to disruption operations," carried out by foreign nationals, "so deniability is built in and should be a big plus."
But it's hard to say where Prado's alleged criminal ties end. It's possibly his ties dried up, or moved on. Even mobsters, like Alberto San Pedro, retire. Another theory has it that Prado wanted to break his ties to the Miami underworld – and San Pedro – all along, and sought out legitimate employment in the military, in firefighting and the CIA as an escape. But, the theory goes, he stayed in because he still owed a debt to his patrons.
The other question involves the CIA itself. It's no secret the agency has associated with dubious types, but the agency is also "notoriously risk averse," Wright writes. Yet the agency is also protective. And letting Prado on board wouldn't be the agency's first intelligence failure.
The back of the Astros rotation has been a revolving door and a solution isn't any closer now.
A blister on his left index finger resurfaced for Astros southpaw Brett Oberholtzer, who was pulled from Wednesday night's 4-3 win over Giants at Minute Maid Park after three innings. He was put on the 15-day disabled list on Wednesday and righty Jake Buchanan was recalled to aid the bullpen for the coming days.
This was Oberholtzer's first start of the season — the blister had him on the DL from the get-go — and the team was hoping he'd be able to go 90 or so pitches.
“His skin had built up a little toughness, almost like a callus on his finger where the blister was before, and had no problems leading up to his last inning and then it just popped off almost like clean,” manager A.J. Hinch said. “So it's weird now, the skin underneath it is as raw and as fresh as it gets. There was no pain, or there wasn't any blood or anything like that it was just, it was going to be very very tender to where if he continued to throw, it was probably going to boil into a bigger blister.
“So we removed him from the game. We'll have to talk about what that all means whether that cuts into the next start. That skin is as fresh as it gets so I'm not sure how he's going to respond to that.”
Oberholtzer had traffic on the bases each inning and needed 54 pitches. He struck out three and walked two.
Oberholtzer threw two consecutive pitches in the dirt to his final batter, Justin Maxwell, and looked down at his throwing hand after both pitches. He struck out Maxwell looking to end his outing.
“The blister didn't re-occur, just the top layer of the skin came off a little bit,” Oberholtzer said. “Good news is it's not bad and it didn't boil up again. The bright side is I'll only miss one start and get right back to it. I'll be able to continue to throw as the training staff told me.”
The Astros trailed 1-0 when Oberholtzer left.
“It was only three innings, so I can't really have too much judgment over rit,” Oberholtzer said. “A lot of nerves in the first inning, but that's a good thing at this level.”
So I just finished watching the first three seasons of MTV's Teen Wolf, and the first thing that my friend asked me about was – What did I think about Stiles and Malia, and do I still believe that Stiles/Lydia will happen. I had a long think, and here's my answer.
In season 3 of Teen Wolf we are introduced to Malia Tate, a ‘werecoyote' who Stiles and Scott ‘save' by turning her back into a human. We first meet her in Episode 13 of season 3, Anchors, which is the first episode of 3b, and we first see her as a human in episode 14, More Bad Than Good. She is reintroduced in episode 20, Echo House, where she is shown to be a patient at Eichen House, the mental health facility that Stiles has committed himself into in the midst of the Nogitsune drama. After Malia expresses her resentment of Stiles for restoring her to a human and making her face her guilt she agrees to help him get into the basement to find any information on the Nogitsune. In the basement, Stiles and Malia get very comfortable on an old sofa and, after Stiles gives Malia her first kiss, Malia says she wants more and they lose their virginity to each other.
I believe that next season they will push for Malia/Stiles, but it won't last and regress into friendship.
Let's look at Malia first for why I believe this. Malia was nine years old when she turned into a coyote,she is now seventeen, and therefore hasn't had any significant human comfort for eight years. Ignoring the fact that she should still have the mental capacity of a nine year old, she has been institutionalized and is trying to adjust to being human as well as suffering from crippling guilt. Stiles was one of the first people she interacted with when she became human and is therefore a source of familiarity to her, which can be seen clearer at the end of the finale when her first reaction to being able to produce claws is to turn to Stiles. This familiarity was born out of a lack of adjustment, and could lead to her becoming more dependent on him next season.
Now, at the time of Malia and Stiles' encounter, Stiles wasn't in the best mental place either, he was fighting a malicious demon inside of him that led to him having two personalities and had willingly committed himself into Eichen House. He was terrified and, like Malia, in need of comfort. Their encounter occurred as a spur of the moment event which is not a sound basis for a relationship.
It looks like the writers are planning on making Malia/Stiles an official couple next season. There have been plenty of hints, the main one being the fact that Malia's name was the catalyst that finally split Stiles and Void!Stiles and their little scene at the end of the finale. We also know that the two of them will be around each other a lot next season, with Scott teaching her to harness her inner coyote and her enrollment into Beacon Hills High.
However, I also believe that Stiles/Lydia is the larger goal, and that Malia is going to be used as a vessel to get the characters to that place.
A major part of the Stiles/Lydia relationship is his unrequited feelings for her, however this dynamic has seemed to shift as the series has developed. We've gone from Lydia barely noticing Stiles to her kissing him and holding onto him in the midst of battle. She looked terrified whenever the possibility of him being hurt or dying was mentioned, and when Aidan, her romantic interest of the season dies she instinctively turns to Stiles for comfort, which has been a recurring theme through out the season. Whenever there is a group scene, those two are always close to each other and protective of each other, with Lydia completely trusting Stiles.
They have also removed Lydia's love interests, leaving her very single for next season.
The growth of Lydia's feelings for Stiles might come to a head next season, when she see's him with Malia and realises he's moving on and she's missing her chance, and it will probably cause some conflict between her and Malia next season. This conflict could also be enhanced by Lydia being the only person (bar Peter Hale) aware of Malia's true parentage, information that could easily be used against her.
Those are my opinions on the matter anyway
XOXO
Advertisements
You Can't Tell Your USB from a Hole in the Wall
Aram Bartholl is mortaring USB drives into walls, curbs, and buildings around New York. These dead drops, as he terms them, are peer-to-peer file transfer points with true anonymity. Bartholl has a residency with EYEBEAM, a truly fascinating incubator of and studio for new ideas in technology and art.
The project has five initial locations in Manhattan and Brooklyn, with more to come. Bartholl has posted a photo gallery of the installations, too.
The furtiveness of squeezing your laptop or mobile against a wall is rather intimate--these may be dead drops, but they're also data glory holes. And one more thing, too. The concept pricked at my memory, until I remembered the Finn from William Gibson's Neuromancer universe. In Mona Lisa Overdrive, the Finn has lost his corporeal form, but Molly seeks out his advice in a disreputable alley.
A tight beam of very bright light...descended until it found the thing at the base of the wall, dull metal, an upright rounded fixture that Kumiko mistook for another ventilator... Sally stepped forward, the beam held steady, and Kimiko saw that the armored thing was bolted into the brickwork with massive rivets. "Finn?"... "Moll." A grating quality, as if through a broken speaker. "What's with the flash?"
Halton Regional Police have released more information about the victims involved in a collision that left three people dead over the weekend.
Those killed in the crash include 43-year-old Mitchel Crate of Waterdown, Ont., and 35-year-old Arlette Shamoun of Kitchener, Ont.
The family of the third victim, a 61-year-old Burlington man, said they did not want him identified by name.
Police say all three victims were pronounced dead at the scene.
The crash occurred late Saturday afternoon at Dundas Street and Eaglesfield Drive in Burlington, Ont. Investigators say a motorcycle carrying a man and a woman collided with a sport utility vehicle with one male driver.
The SUV, driving westbound on Dundas, was making a left turn onto Eaglesfield when it collided in the right-hand lane with the motorcycle, which was driving eastbound on Dundas.
Sgt. Andy Dennis said the SUV burst into flames shortly after firefighters arrived. Firefighters put out the fire.
Dennis said the collision reconstruction unit is investigating the cause of the crash. He said it's too early to say if speed or alcohol were a factor.
Out of the Croatian Big 4, it was either Ptak or CheeseKing that seemed the most likely candidate to be a double champion, but in the end, it was frozz who ended up raising two trophies. Who would have thought that the “average” Grand Master Terran could achieve the biggest feat on the Croatian (HotS?) scene yet. Yes, there was no Ptak or Starbuck to contest, and GrayWarden's appearance didn't bear fruit as they all skipped the event. But frozz beat Deny, the mastermind of mindgames and preparation, scratched a victory against Evuser, and disposed of sprEEEzy in the finals to claim the gold on his second consecutive Croatian LAN tournament (his run started with Universe.hr Big Bang LAN in April 2014) after missing out on the first place for ages, even losing on MiA Invitational 3 back in November 2013. This is the story of a fan favorite hero, a grounded man with solid play, who even dropped a map against an evi-lovenac Evuser before claiming the first place finish on KSET E-Sports LAN #4.
Truth to be told, the biggest surprise of the event has to be sprEEEzy, who managed to beat the most dangerous Croatian StarCraft II player ever – CheeseKing. That was something indeed. Yet, it is frozz who will remain the champion of Croatia until proven differently. He is, like it or not, the best Croatian StarCraft II player at the moment. We could agree that CheeseKing, Ptak and Deny, let alone Starbuck, are all able to beat the beloved frozz, but they didn't. It doesn't matter that they either didn't play him, or lost against him – frozz won, and period. Guilty as charged, frozz is, at least for now, the player to beat.
This is a story of success. And the most interesting fact is that the fourth edition of KSET E-Sports LAN gave us a fourth different winner. In a way, I'm loving this fact, as KSET LANs seems to be the most emotional and hard-to-conquer of all Croatian StarCraft tournaments. What started with Starbuck and was followed by CheeseKing and Ptak, continued yesterday with frozz, who achieved something nobody else did. I don't remember the last time that the same player won two major Croatian LAN competitions in a row, at least in HotS. With all that being said, frozz will be a part of the Croatian StarCraft II history for ever.
If he didn't before, he should finally surpass FroZ in our eyes.
Comments
comments
Last year Atari gave us the irredeemably bad Rollercoaster Tycoon 4 for mobile devices, a game so riddled with micro-transactions Eurogamer reviewer Chris Schilling gave it a 1/10.
Now, Frontier, maker of Elite: Dangerous and the classic RollerCoaster Tycoon games, has ported RollerCoaster Tycoon 3, the much-loved PC strategy simulation, to iPhone and iPad. And one of its selling points is no in-app purchases.
The game costs £3.99 on the App Store, and includes a new mobile-friendly user interface as well as all 18 scenarios from the original PC game.
The 589MB RCT3 mobile port is pretty demanding: you'll need an iPhone 5s or better smartphone, or an iPad Air or better tablet. Early reports indicate it runs well on supported devices.
The world of RollerCoaster Tycoon is a little murky at the moment. Rights holder Atari is making a PC game called RollerCoaster Tycoon World that's already changed developers a couple of times. It's due out at the end of 2015.
At E3 this year Frontier announced spiritual successor Planet Coaster: Simulation Evolved, due out in 2016 on PC. Perhaps we'll be better off waiting for this one.
Ahmedabad, May 12 () With many parts of Gujarat reeling under acute water scarcity, Chief Minister Anandiben Patel today attributed the situation to "inaction" on part of previous governments, an apparent reference to Congress.
"As previous governments did not pay enough attention to the issue of water conservation it has led to the situation of scarcity today," Patel alleged while inaugurating 'Krishi Mahotsav' 2016 for South Gujarat region at Navsari.
Interestingly, BJP has been ruling Gujarat since 1995.
On the occasion, she told a gathering of farmers that ground water level has touched a new low in recent times, especially in north Gujarat region.
Without taking Congress' name, the CM said, "Had the previous governments paid attention to water conservation, we would not have been facing this problem (of scarcity) today. Ground water levels have dipped drastically. Earlier, water was available at 10 feet, which went down to 50, 100 and even 200 feet over years."
Underlining the gravity of the situation, Patel said in North Gujarat region, people are not getting water even at 1.000 or 1,200 feet.
"Previous governments should have realised this problem that time. They should have taken steps to introduce new techniques of conserving water and educate farmers in that direction," Patel water.
The CM claimed that no such exercise was undertaken by the previous governments.
"No such work was done by previous governments in this direction. They just went on digging new bore-wells. That is why we are now facing this problem of scarcity today," she alleged.
Patel also called for judicious use of natural resources to overcome adverse effects of global warming and stressed the need for drip irrigation-based farming.
The government has so far declared a total of 1,115 villages across Gujarat as 'partially scarcity-hit' due to acute shortage of water owing to deficient rainfall in last monsoon.
As per government, all 203 dams in the state had approximately 20 per cent water of their total storage capacity. PJT PD NSK NSD
My secret santa kept me in suspense about how I previously know them so when I got the box today, had to rip away the postage sticker and found out it was my same santa I had for the muppets exchange.
Over the past week my secret santa has taken my gnome various places with them snapping pictures which I have always adored! Having oh I don't know, 17 gnomes, no one has taken them and posted pictures... but have seen the commercials and blogs online about them.
The gnome itself is absolutely adorable with the ladybug with its bug eyes!! A great addition to the family. As with all my other gnomes, they all have a name, so I decided to name him after my gifter; Capone.
What came out of Donald Trump's mouth during a campaign stop in Charlotte, North Carolina? Did he admit that he can say the wrong thing? Does Donald regret something he has said?
In his first speech since reordering his campaign leadership, The Donald told a crowd in the Queen City that he regrets some of what he has said, a rare admission from him that some of his campaign rhetoric has stirred controversy.
“Sometimes in the heat of the debate and speaking on a multitude of issues, you don't choose the right words or you say the wrong thing,” Trump said in his speech. “I have done that, and believe it or not I regret it. And I do regret it, particularly where it may have caused personal pain. Too much is at stake for us to be consumed with these issues.”
He was not specific about what he regrets, but added that “sometimes I can be too honest. One thing I can promise you is this: I will always tell you the truth.”
Without The Donald specifically citing the regretful remarks, Trump has left it to the general public to decipher what past remarks may have been too honest to the point of causing personal pain.
So what does Donald Trump regret saying? Let's take a closer look at his words. First, he stated “in the heat of the debate.” That points to something that The Donald said off-the-cuff, in the spur of the moment. That rules out anything negative or critical he has said toward Hillary Clinton, Barak Obama, Megyn Kelly, Hispanics, Blacks, Women, Muslims, Rosie O'Donnell, etc. Because the vitriol he has flung at those demographics or individuals has not been a one-time statement. He has verbalized his disdain for them on numerous occasions in numerous speeches.
Well, if it isn't something related to the individuals or groups cited, then what is The Donald referring to? After a deep dig of all that Donald has said in the past few years, here are a few quotes that Trump may now regret.
#5
“Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog & will do it again – just watch. He can do much better!”
Nothing like the thrice-married Donald to chime in on infidelity, forgiveness, and the carnal cravings of canines. I think he would have been better off if he had taken a page from Will Ferrell's handling of the Robert/Kristen controversy and left out the dog comparison.
#4
“I have great respect for women. I was the one that really broke the glass ceiling on behalf of women, more than anybody in the construction industry.”
C'mon Donald, why do you have to disrespect men everywhere by acknowledging respect for women? I know you must regret such a statement. I appreciate you acknowledging that it was a man, you in fact, that broke the glass ceiling for women (lest they misbelieve they could accomplish such a thing on their own). But please, Donald, remember that you do not have respect for women!. I beseech you, stick to your pledge for honesty, like when you remarked on Carly Fiorina, “Look at that face. Would anyone vote for that? Can you imagine that, the face of our next president? I mean, she's a woman, and I'm not supposed to say bad things, but really, folks, come on. Are we serious?”
Or when you tweeted about Ariana Huffington, saying,
.@ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 28, 2012
Or when Trump told New York Magazine in 1992 how he thinks you should act with women:
You have great respect for women? Be careful with what you say. Be careful!
#3
“I will be the greatest jobs president God ever created.”
Have you ever heard of the Bible verse, “Jesus wept?” I wonder how often God rolls His eyes and thinks to Himself, “Please leave me out of this!”
#2
“Bing bing, bong bong, bing bing bing”
I'm surprised more people haven't asked hard hitting questions about this quote. Why? Because it's the clearest proof that Donald Trump is not human. That's right, The Donald isn't just an illegal alien but an “Alien” alien from another planet. This nonsensical gibberish has to be a momentary malfunction in his memory wipe we have to assume he underwent before getting placed on this planet. I guess every now and then a few phrases in his native tongue slip out.
"Bing bing bong bong bing bing bing" -the Republican presidential frontrunner https://t.co/5U13kN5EyQ — Betsy Woodruff (@woodruffbets) August 13, 2015
#1
“I've said if Ivanka weren't my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her.”
I've watched a lot of video clips of the two of you together Donald. I've heard Ivanka talk about you. There is a weird vibe going on. So why would this quote be the top soundbite you regret? Well, I don't think the statement caused Ivanka any personal pain. I think it causes you personal pain … that you have never dated your own daughter. But don't worry, there is time to rectify this blunder.
Check out other Donald Trump articles by Jonathan Hetterly
Donald Trump has indicated the will invest at least $500 billion into infrastructure spending, including energy infrastructure, such as the Keystone XL Pipeline project. That's good news for Canada, where the energy sector accounts for about 20 percent of its stock market.
"He's going to be pro-classical energy, so that could be a win for energy plays," said McCreadie. "There will be a very heavy spend."
TransCanada, the energy company behind the Keystone XL Pipeline, was up 2 percent on Wednesday, but not much more than the energy sector as a whole. TransCanada has said ever since President Obama rejected the pipeline that it remains committed to the project.
Because of Trump's pro-energy stance, Canadian stocks could actually fair better than U.S. stocks overall due to the relative importance of the sector to the Canadian economy, said Clément Gignac, chief economist with IA Financial Group, and a portfolio manager with its investing affiliate.
Trump specifically spoke about infrastructure spending during his speech after Hillary Clinton conceded early Wednesday morning: "We are going to fix our inner cities and rebuild our highways, bridges, tunnels, airports, schools, hospitals. We're going to rebuild our infrastructure, which will become, by the way, second to none. And we will put millions of our people to work as we rebuild it."
Infrastructure spending is a positive for commodities in general, Gignac said. With a large, but suffering mining sector, any boost in commodity demand is good for Canada.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is expected this week to delay relocating the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv, U.S. officials and a diplomatic source said on Wednesday, despite his campaign pledge to go ahead with the controversial move.
FILE PHOTO - The front of the U.S. embassy is seen in Tel Aviv, Israel January 20, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo - RTSWUQG
With a deadline for a decision looming, Trump is likely to continue his predecessors' policy of signing a six-month waiver overriding a 1995 law requiring that the embassy be transferred to Jerusalem, an action that would have complicated his efforts to restart Israeli-Palestinian peace talks, the sources said.
Trump has yet to make his decision official but is required by law to act by Friday, according to one U.S. official who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Barring a last-minute surprise, Trump is expected to renew the waiver. His administration intends to make clear, however, that Trump remains committed to the promise he made during the 2016 presidential campaign, though it will not set a specific timetable for doing so, officials said.
Asked whether Trump would sign the waiver, White House spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters on Wednesday:
“Once we have a decision, we'll put it out,” adding there would be “something very soon on that.”
While there have been divisions among Trump's aides on the issue, the view that appears to have prevailed is that the United States should keep the embassy in Tel Aviv for now to avoid angering the Palestinians, Arab governments and Western allies while the president seeks to nurture peace efforts.
Trump avoided any public mention of a potential embassy move during his visit to Israel and the West Bank in May. Despite that, most experts are skeptical of Trump's chances for achieving a peace deal that eluded other U.S. presidents.
The status of Jerusalem is one of the major stumbling blocks. Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem during the 1967 Middle East war and later annexed it, a move not recognized internationally. Israel considers all of the city its indivisible capital.
PRO-ISRAEL RHETORIC
The Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state. Jerusalem is home to holy sites of the Jewish, Muslim and Christian religions.
Shifting the U.S. Embassy would be widely seen as Washington's recognition of the Israeli position on Jerusalem's status, which successive U.S. administrations have said must be decided in negotiations between the two sides.
Former President Barack Obama renewed the waiver in December, setting off a six-month clock for Trump. CNN was first to report that Trump was expected to sign the waiver.
On the campaign trail, Trump's pro-Israel rhetoric raised expectations that he would act quickly to move the embassy. But after he took office in January, the issue lost momentum as he met Arab leaders who warned it would be hard to rejuvenate long-stalled peace efforts unless he acted as a fair mediator.
Some of Trump's top aides have pushed for him to keep his campaign promise, not only because it would be welcomed by most Israelis but to satisfy the pro-Israel, right-wing base that helped him win the presidency. The State Department, however recommended against an embassy move, one U.S. official said.
“The president is still committed to moving the embassy,” one U.S. official said. “It's not a question of whether but when it will be done.”
The Jerusalem Embassy Act passed by Congress in 1995 mandating relocation of embassy to Jerusalem allows the president to waive the requirement in accordance with U.S. national security interests.
Pro-union protesters have vacated the Wisconsin Capitol on the 17th day of round-the-clock demonstrations after a judge ordered the building closed at night.
About 50 protesters left the building peacefully Thursday night about two hours after a judge ruled the state had unconstitutionally restricted building to the access. But the ruling also said the protesters had to leave Thursday night.
That led to a sometimes tense two hours as police and the attorney who represented the unions who fought the policy to restrict access to the building urged them to leave peacefully.
The protesters are part of demonstrations against a bill pushed by Republican Gov. Scott Walker that would strip most public employees of most of their collective bargaining rights.
Dane County Circuit Judge John Albert had directed authorities to immediately take actions to remove demonstrators who stayed in the Capitol after its normal 6 p.m. closing time. He also ordered the removal of unauthorized materials, such as sleeping bags, air mattresses and the hundreds -- perhaps even thousands -- of signs that protesters have taped to the Capitol's walls.
Some protesters voluntarily complied with the order to leave. Others did not immediately do so.
The demonstrators are upset with Republican Gov. Scott Walker's proposal to eliminate nearly all collective bargaining rights for public employee unions. At times, tens of thousands of people have congregated on the Capitol grounds during the past couple of weeks. About 100 people ignored a 4 p.m. Sunday deadline to leave the building so it could be cleaned, instead sleeping on the floor and occasionally banging drums and chanting.
Since Monday, the Department of Administration has restricted public access to the building, generally allowing in more protesters only when an equal number left. Unions challenged the policy in court, leading to Thursday's night's interim order. The lawsuit could continue.
The decision was a partial victory for protesters, because Albert determined that the policy restricting public access violated constitutional rights and ordered the state to re-open the Capitol with greater public access by 8 a.m. Monday. Although it was not detailed in his written order, the judge issued an oral order in court allowing the administration to institute permitting procedures that limit the times and locations where rallies can be held in the Capitol.
"Free speech, protests, rallies should be allowed during the hours the Capitol is open and at any other time when either house of the Legislature is in session or any committee or government body is conducting a public hearing," the judge said. "But it is completely within the rights of the people who run the Capitol to prevent people from entering ... with sleeping bags, pillows, mats and blankets and intending to remain after closing hours."
As word of the impending court order spread, some protesters carrying coffins rushed in through the main Capitol entrance and were met by others with chants of "police stand down," as officers stood between them.
Eventually, Capitol Police Chief Charles Tubbs addressed the crowd, asking members of the mock funeral procession to leave and gathering the remaining protesters into the Rotunda.
"We need to bring this situation back to a situation of normalcy. So we can get this building open the right way," Tubbs told protesters. "So I'm asking you, as a person, to leave."
A debate ensued among protesters as to whether they should stay or go.
"It may be in our interests to leave," said Damon Terrell, 19. "I myself cannot do that. I will stay here and face the consequences of my actions ... even though those above me will not."
Stuart Levitan, a local radio host, tried to persuade protesters that staying only would lead to arrest and paint them in an unfavorable light.
"The more it turns into a drum circle, the more likely it is that the bill will pass" restricting union benefits and bargaining powers, Levitan said.
Albert's ruling came after three days of testimony from more than 30 witnesses, including lawmakers, Capitol staff and protesters. On Thursday, a firefighter recounted how a crew responding to an elevator emergency call initially was denied access to the building because it went to a different door than the one designated for the public. One of Walker's staff members, meanwhile, described how the deafening noise from protesters made it difficult to work.
University of Wisconsin Police Chief Susan Riseling testified that 41 rounds of .22-caliber ammunition were found Thursday morning scattered at several locations outside the Capitol. No guns were found with them.
"I don't like to see live ammunition outside when I have significant crowds," Riseling said. "You can't do much with live ammunition without the gun, but the presence of it doesn't thrill me."
Assistant Attorney General Steven Means, who is representing the Department of Administration in the lawsuit, had asked the judge to order the building closed for security purposes.
Union attorney Peggy Lautenschlager, a former Wisconsin attorney general, said in court that the request to close the Capitol was an overreaction to the discovery of the ammunition.
"For all we know somebody planted them there -- we don't know if it was a protester," she said.
Posted 22 January 2014 - 12:01 PM
Prosperity Park, on 22 January 2014 - 11:44 AM, said:
I don't think Assault and heavy Mechs should be able to drastically improve their turning skills by tapping the JumpJets. I suggest that Turning (not torso twisting, but directional Turning) be disabled during the initial 0.5 -> 0.75 seconds of jumping. This would not-at-all affect the way Jump Jets are used for moving across terrain or even poptarting, but it would help prevent JJ-equipped Assault Mechs from turning with the same radius as a Medium Mech.
adding in an acceleration effect
increasing fuel to 4s but reducing recharge to 6s
maintaining convergence issues for 1-2s after JJs stop burning
increasing heat (1.5 heat for the use of a JJ is rediculous)
removing the Arm/Torso Lock function (an indirect nerf but something that Highlander users are very fond of abusing)
I'm kind of against this based on exactly what JoeMal said. It is cannon so it should be allowed. Now, if you want to talk about reducing the turning speed while jumping, then we can talk. It is, after all, tied directly to the mech's turn speed and isn't actually tied to the JJ or amount of JJs (ie, I can turn just as fast with 1 as I can with 12).Now, if you want to talk about JJ nerfs, which is needed, let's talk about:At the very least, the agility statistics of JJ mechs need to be addressed. It is appauling to me that, in the case of the Jenner, it has the same acceleration, deceleration, and turning capabilities as the Cicada (the Jenner F has the same weapons load as the Cicada 2A) and yet has JJs for added agility. After the beginning four mechs and the first few months' releases, PGI made a concerted effort to balance JJ capable mechs and those that weren't. They either changed the engine cap or balanced it by way of hard points. The Jenner, though, doesn't suffer at all. You can really take it further in other comparisons:Spider vs Locust/CommandoJenner vs Raven/CicadaJJ Jenners vs OxideCenturion with vs Centurions w/oShawk/Griffin/Wolverine vs Kintaro and all non-JJ capable 50 tonnersQuickdraw vs DragonJester vs K2Phract 3D vs other Phracts/OrionVictor vs AwesomeHighlander vs AtlasThe edge provided by JJs is too much given what little downsides exist. Things like torso twist angles and pitch levels are inconsequential in this game when a single JJ can make up for, and then some, the downsides provides. Just watch a badass Spider/Jenner pilot and see what I mean. People like Wispy, Drxabstract, etc all just make me sad on the inside because they're able to cut so tight and then disappear.
Edited by Trauglodyte, 22 January 2014 - 12:03 PM.
It's rare to see producers become as visible as the rappers they make beats for, but in recent years some have been able to brand themselves to the point of being stars in their own right. Metro Boomin is the perfect example; with the advent of producer tags for mostly southern beatmakers, guys like Metro, Zaytoven and Mike WiLL Made-It don't leave any room for guesswork—their signatures are unavoidable at the start of nearly every song they create.
That's helped bring awareness to the fact that producers work just as hard, if not harder, than the rappers whose hits they help make. That should seem obvious, but being "behind the boards" means being behind the faces of the songs too, even if some producers are helping rappers with their hooks as well.
This year, XXL takes a look at some of the best producers of the year, people who toiled behind the scenes to make the beats your favorite rappers spit over. They aren't all as self-branded as the guys mentioned above—though some, like June Onna Beat, DJ Fresh and Wheezy also use their own subtle signatures—but they all have emerged as being instrumental to the success of the songs they made. Here 30 of the Best Hip-Hop Producers of 2016.
Imagine "Rock Around The Clock" but instead rocking around the clock, you're getting guap on the clock. Sounds a bit better. That's the idea for Weekend Money's new track, "Clockworkin'." It's the lead single off of their upcoming album, Freddie Merkury, (Yes, that Freddie Mercury) which drops on Jan. 27th.
"We got a routine before every Weekend Money show, we get in a huddle, say a team prayer on some Ray Lewis shit and at the end of it instead sayin amen we say FREDDIE MERKURY," Ne$$ said. "Basically as a reminder to have no fear & rock like we 'bout to rock a stadium."
If you're not familiar with Weekend Money, a very solid introduction is their Naked City project. And, of course, going to see them around Brooklyn so you can hear "Coke'n'Coffee" live.
Weekend Money is also doing a "Making of Freddie Merkury" four-part mini doc, and you can watch the first episode of that here.
Fifty Percent of American Marriages Are Ending in Divorce-Fiction!
Summary of eRumor:
Marriage has deteriorated so much that half the marriages in the United States are failing. There is a 50 percent chance that your marriage will not make it.
The Truth:
Here are some examples from just a few websites on the Internet:
“Fifty percent of marriages will end in divorce.”
— An infidelity support group
“Fifty percent of all marriages now end in divorce.”
— Promotion for a book on divorce
“Fifty percent of all marriages in America end in divorce.”
— From the treasurer's office of a Midwestern state
“Over 50 percent of marriages end in divorce.”
— From a men's counseling center in California
Divorce is too common in America and that should not be taken lightly, but those who are committed to a lifetime of marriage don't need the discouragement accompanying the notion that half the marriages are going to self-destruct anyway.
I was once told by a young bride-to-be that she and her fiancé had decided not to say “Till death do us part” in their wedding vows because the odds of it really happening were only 50-50.
Let me say it straightforwardly: Fifty percent of American marriages are not ending in divorce. It's fiction. A myth. A tragically discouraging urban legend.
If there's no credible evidence that half of American marriages will end up in divorce court, where did that belief originate?
Demographers say there was increased focus on divorce rates during the 1970s when the number of divorces rose, partly as a result of no-fault divorce. Divorces peaked in 1979 and articles started appearing that claimed 50 percent of American marriages were ending in divorce.
A spokesperson for the U.S. National Center for Health Statistics told me that the rumor appears to have originated from a misreading of the facts. It was true, he said, if you looked at all the marriages and divorces within a single year, you'd find that there were twice as many marriages as divorces. In 1981, for example, there were 2.4 million marriages and 1.2 million divorces. At first glance, that would seem like a 50-percent divorce rate.
Virtually none of those divorces were among the people who had married during that year, however, and the statistic failed to take into account the 54 million marriages that already existed, the majority of which would not see divorce.
Another source for the 50-percent figure could be those who were trying to predict the future of divorce. Based on known divorce records, they projected that 50 percent of newly married young people would divorce. University of Chicago sociologist and researcher Linda Waite told USA Today that the 50-percent divorce stats were based more on assumptions than facts.
So what is the divorce picture in America? Surprisingly, it's not easy to get precise figures because some states don't report divorces to the National Center for Health Statistics, including one of the largest: California.
Some researchers have relied on surveys rather than government statistics. In his book Inside America in 1984, pollster Louis Harris said that only about 11 or 12 percent of people who had ever been married had ever been divorced. Researcher George Barna's most recent survey of Americans in 2001 estimates that 34 percent of those who have ever been married have ever been divorced.
One of the latest reports about divorce was released this year by the National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS). It is based on a 1995 federal study of nearly 11,000 women ages 15-44. It predicted that one-third of new marriages among younger people will end in divorce within 10 years and 43 percent within 15 years. That is not a death sentence, however; it's a forecast. Martha Farnsworth Riche, former head of the Census Bureau, told USA Today, “This is what is going to happen unless we want to change it.”
Most important, the statistics and predictions about Americans in general don't tell the whole story about the future. There are other factors that affect a person's chances for a long marriage. The NCHS study of women, for example, shows that age makes a difference. Women marrying before age 20 faces a higher risk for divorce. Marriages that have already lasted for a number of years are less likely to end in divorce. If your parents did not divorce, your chances are better than if you came from a broken home. Couples who live together before marriage are more likely to divorce.
The bottom line is that marriage is still what it's always been: a commitment between two people who choose to remain faithful to each other. And they don't need to feel doomed because of scary statistics — least of all ones that are urban myths.
Some big changes are headed to LoDo. Today, Colorado-based architectural design firm Stantec, in partnership with the Colorado Rockies, unveiled their plans to transform an entire city block into a new “stadium district.” Renderings and preliminary plans were released to change the West Parking Lot at 19th and Wazee Street into a dynamic downtown space. The mixed-use area will feature an outdoor gathering plaza, a Colorado Rockies Hall of Fame facility, a hotel, offices, residential, retail, entertainment, food and beverage spaces and more.
“The plaza is designed as a pre- and post-game gathering place for Rockies fans, complete with unique restaurants and state of the art audio and visual systems,” said Larry Weeks, principal at Stantec. “Beyond baseball, the plaza will serve as Denver's ‘outdoor room,' a year-round space that can accommodate neighborhood concerts, festivals and other activities,” said Daniel Aizenman, senior principal at Stantec.
Plans to develop this area came to the forefront as the Rockies lease at Coors Field was coming to an end this March. Earlier in 2017, this led to renegotiations which settled in a 99-year lease on the west parking lot. The lot is currently owned by Metropolitan Baseball Stadium District which represents taxpayers in seven metro area counties who helped fund the stadium when it was first built. In the breakdown of the lease, a majority of the $200 million is to lease the land for the new development while only $75 million will go towards leasing Coors Field for the next 30 years. According to Metropolitan Baseball Stadium District, this is good news for the taxpayers.
“The Rockies are taking all of the risk, the fans get all of the benefit,” said District board member Bob Lee to 9News. “The taxpayers benefit, in that we don't have to go them and ask for tax increase, the fans benefit because the stadium will be kept up in a very first-class fashion and the Rockies benefit because they now have 30 years of stability.”
The project is still in its early stages but according to Stanec it hopes to begin construction in the second half of 2018. This development joins a new trend in arena districts across North America. Stantec is currently providing design support for growing stadium districts in cities like Dallas, Tampa, Chicago, and Edmonton, Alberta, among others.
“We're incredibly proud to help realize the vision long-held by the Rockies,” said John Yonushewski, Stantec buildings senior principal. “This development will be an urban jewel for downtown Denver and provide a much-needed public amenity for families and the neighborhood. Our team is inspired to design such an epicenter for excitement.”
There is no word yet on an exact completion date.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
All renderings courtesy of Stantec.
Sandro: Has a growing reputation in the Premier League
In a recent Daily Mail article, Sky Sports pundit Jamie Redknapp was asked to pick his Premier League XI to take on the best of La Liga. Redknapp opted for Tottenham midfielder Sandro in the holding role. Cue mass incredulity in the comments section. But while the Brazil international had to wait for his opportunity at White Hart Lane, the evidence is now clear - the 2010 signing from Internacional has developed into a top-class defensive midfielder.
The statistics are remarkable. No player in any of Europe's five major leagues has made as many interceptions as Sandro. It is the hallmark of an intelligent holding midfielder. But the 23-year-old also has a more combative element to his game too. He ranks fourth in the Premier League for number of tackles as well. It means that for combined tackles and interceptions he stands clear of the rest in European football.
Most Interceptions in Top Five European Leagues - 2012/13 Player Name Team Number Sandro Tottenham 80 Neto Siena 78 Blaise Matuidi PSG 70 Morgan Schneiderlin Southampton 66 Giuseppe Biava Lazio 65 Aurelien Chedjou Lille 64 Heiko Westermann Hamburg 64 Oliver Sorg Freiburg 63 Dario Dainelli Chievo 62 Jan Vertonghen Tottenham 61 Ignacio Camacho Malaga 61
This is the job Scott Parker was supposed to do. The England midfielder has a considerable national reputation as a ball-winning midfielder. He is that tough-tackling terrier; an efficient user of the ball for club and country. As such, throwaway lines about how much Spurs have missed Parker is to be expected. But anyone still clings to the notion that Sandro is merely deputising for the senior man may need to revise their opinion.
Tackles and interceptions are key to Parker's game. A look at the stats show that to be true. Back in 2010-11, when the then West Ham midfielder won the Football Writers' Player of the Year award, he was one of only seven Premier League players to amass over 200 combined tackles and interceptions. Last season, his first at Spurs, only two midfielders managed such high numbers as Parker.
At 32, and with a troublesome Achilles problem, it may prove a challenge for Parker to return to his best. But even if he does, the real issue is the improvement of his midfield rival. Sandro averaged an impressive 3.7 tackles per game in each of his first two seasons in north London. And yet, his positioning - the ability to intercept the ball - had been less remarkable. Prior to Saturday's game at QPR when he was forced off injured early on, Sandro's interceptions per game had doubled on last season.
As a result, statistically-speaking, Sandro is now surpassing Parker at his best. And given the nine-year age gap, any comparisons are only likely to favour the younger man in the future. Parker has been wholesome in his praise of his team-mates while out injured and does not possess a reputation for troublemaking. But coach Andre Villas-Boas will already be wondering how best to accommodate one of his more highly-paid stars.
Sandro v Parker - Tackles & Interceptions per game Season Sandro Parker 2010-11 5.9 6.4 2011-12 5.6 6.8 2012-13 6.9 -
One obvious solution would be to play both men alongside each other and push Mousa Dembele forward into an attacking midfield role. But is there any sense in breaking up such a successful pairing? Sandro and Dembele have arguably been the key behind the team's success this season. And while the Belgian clearly has the qualities to operate in an advanced role, it is precisely those skills that make him such a unique threat from deep. Sandro and Parker feels merely functional in comparison.
The alternative to disrupting things on the field is for Villas-Boas to continue to leave Parker out of his starting line-up. And that presents further difficulties for a coach who has endured a strained relationship with the British media. Criticism has already accompanied his decision to sideline Michael Dawson and confusion surrounded the replacement of Brad Friedel with Hugo Lloris as Spurs No.1. Benching another popular figure is an issue that could be seized upon if results falter.
Parker did a fine job for the previous boss in charge at White Hart Lane, Harry Redknapp. And yet, as the son of the former Spurs manager acknowledges, everything indicates that Villas-Boas would be justified in retaining his faith in Sandro. In the case of both the Portuguese coach and the Brazilian midfielder, the replacement looks more than capable of stepping out of the shadow of his predecessor.
You can see an impressive neo-Renaissance building near the Manesuv Bridge in Prague Old Town. It is a seat of Czech Philharmonic Orchestra and a place of concerts and exhibitions. The world famous festival of classical music “Prague Spring” takes place here, in the Dvorak Hall. The building is called Rudolfinum or House of Artists.
Monumental “house of arts”
Rudolfinum was built by the banking institution Böhmische Sparkasse (Czech Savings Bank) on the occasion of its 50 th anniversary. It was intended as a monumental house of arts with a picture gallery, concert halls and a collection of antiquities. It was named Rudolfinum after the crown prince Rudolph.
Rudolfinum was built by important Czech architects of the 19 th century: Josef Zitek, who also built the National Theater, and Josef Schulz, the author of the National Museum. The building was opened in 1885.
Czech Philharmonic Orchestra had its first concert there in 1896, conducted by Antonin Dvorak. The concert hall was called Dvorak Hall later.
Chamber of Deputies in Rudolfinum
Rudolfinum was a seat of the Chamber of Deputies of the National Assembly between 1919 and 1939. It was called House of Artists since 1918, because the name of the Habsburg monarch Rudolph was politically unacceptable.
During the Nazi occupation in the 1940s, Rudolfinum was restored for the German Philharmonic Orchestra. Reinhard Heydrich, the Nazi Protector of Bohemia and Moravia, ordered that a statue of composer Mendelssohn-Bartholdy has to be removed from Rudolfinum, because of his non-Aryan origin. The workers accidentally began to remove a statue of Richard Wagner, Hitler´s favourite composer. Fortunately, the mistake was recognized soon enough.
Prague Spring Festival in Rudolfinum
After the World War II., Rudolfinum became the seat of Czech Philharmonic Orchestra. The festival Prague Spring took place there in 1946 for the first time.
You can see statues of famous composers, such as Mozart, Beethoven and others, on the attic of the building. The staircase leading from the square is decorated with statues of music Muses. There is a statue of composer Antonin Dvorak in front of Rudolfinum.
Dvorak Hall is the most important hall in Rudolfinum. It has excellent acoustics and there are 1023 seats. You can also visit the beautiful cafe in the building.
Amazon.com Inc. announced a technology development office in Minneapolis and on Thursday began seeking software engineers for it.
A few employees already have been hired at the office in Fifth Street Towers downtown, a spokeswoman for the Seattle-based internet retailer said. Amazon's website listed 29 immediate openings and the company said it will eventually employ 100 in Minneapolis.
The new Amazon presence demonstrates the company's need to continue expanding its tech-oriented retail and logistics jobs, and the Twin Cities' strength in those specialties.
Many of the first listings focused on transportation technology, though the spokeswoman said that won't be the sole focus in Minneapolis.
Dave Glick, Amazon's vice president of operations technology, said in a statement that the region's commitment to education and “caliber of technical talent in Minneapolis make it an ideal place for our expansion.”
Amazon is also building distribution warehouses in Shakopee, where hundreds more people will work.
Amazon, led by CEO Jeff Bezos, is expanding its operations in Minneapolis with a new technology development office.
For the technology development office, the abundance of retail tech talent at firms like Target, Best Buy and SPS Commerce is also likely an appeal to Amazon. Minnesota also is home to one of the nation's largest shipping and logistics companies, C.H. Robinson, and the developers of the Amadeus flight reservation system used by dozens of airlines.
“What they're doing here is part business, part symbolic,” said Gene Munster, a Minneapolis-based analyst who follows Amazon for Piper Jaffray. “The business side is pretty straightforward. Target has smart people that Amazon wants … I would love to be an e-commerce developer at Target right now because you just got a pay raise.”
He noted that Amazon has also slowly been evolving its business to be more competitive with Target, including launching private-label lines.
Minnesota has talent
For those working tech jobs in Minnesota companies — nearly every business, institution and government agency has IT specialists — Amazon's decision validates their talent.
“We've always known we have really talented folks here, but maybe we haven't always had that many really cool jobs,” said Paul DeBettignies, a recruiter who helps start-ups and small tech companies find workers. “Amazon is always doing new stuff.”
In recent years, Amazon has put some heavy recruiting muscle into the Twin Cities area, DeBettignies said. But he and others suspect that Amazon may have bumped into its labor paradox: While it can be a challenge to attract out-of-state workers to Minnesota, it's also hard to pull people away from it.
“Amazon probably looked at it and said we're breaking our teeth to hire people in Seattle,” said Isaac Cheifetz, a former recruiter who now is a principal with the Minneapolis-based management and technology firm Trexin Consulting.
“Meanwhile, here's a place that has as many good people as we have where we haven't even stuck our toe in.”
Amazon now has about 7,800 jobs open in its Seattle headquarters and other facilities there. It is seeking about 1,000 people in San Francisco and a few thousand more in 41 other locations in North America alone. In addition to Seattle and Minneapolis, it runs technology development centers in Austin, Texas; Detroit and San Francisco.
Cheifetz noted that the combination of workers with retail experience plus a strong base of IT talent made setting up a Minneapolis outpost a logical move.
“Pound for pound, this town is as good at business technology as any place,” he said. “It's highly unlikely they'll be hiring people in town who'll be writing their core algorithms. They want people who are writing software that makes their company work as a retailer. That's where this town is so strong.”
Building on expansion
Amazon separately is finishing construction on an order fulfillment center in Shakopee, where it expects to employ 1,000 people. Last year, it opened a smaller sorting center in Shakopee and launched in the Twin Cities its Prime Now service, which promises delivery of a limited number of items within two hours.
Amazon began collecting sales taxes on purchases sent to Minnesota addresses in October 2014, the first signal that it planned to open facilities in the state.
kavita.kumar@startribune.com 612-673-4113
jackie.crosby@startribune.com 612-673-7335
A likely US drone carrying a top-secret geolocation system has been shot down over the rebel-held central Yemeni province of Marib.
A likely US drone carrying a top-secret geolocation system has been shot down over the rebel-held central Yemeni province of Marib, local media has reported.
The unmanned drone was shot down late on Tuesday by Houthi rebels in the Sirwah district, the Houthi-run SABA News Agency alleged.
"The air force and popular committees managed to down a drone belonging to the Saudi-US aggressors," an unnamed military source told the pro-rebel outlet.
Local media released alleged images of the downed drone in flames, including pictures of the GILGAMESH geolocation system used by the US military's Joint Special Operations Command in its long-running drone war in Yemen.
"CLASSIFIED SECRET WHEN KEYED," read a warning on an alleged piece of wreckage. On another piece, the word "GILGAMESH" is clearly inscribed.
According to 2014 report in The Intercept, the US has used a complex system of electronic surveillance codenamed GILGAMESH as the primary method to locate targets for lethal drone strikes in Yemen, Somalia, Afghanistan and elsewhere.
Local media released alleged images of
the downed drone [Hour News]
"Under the [GILGAMESH] program, a specially constructed device is attached to the drone. As the drone circles, the device locates the SIM card or handset that the military believes is used by the target," the report said.
An unnamed military source told Turkish state media that the downed plane was "a large unmanned Phantom" carrying missiles. The source did not confirm whether the war plane belonged to the US air force.
Last month, a US drone strike killed two suspected al-Qaeda members in southern Yemen last month, a day after elite US forces killed 14 suspected militants in a nearby province.
The unmanned aircraft struck a vehicle in Bayhan district, on the border between Shabwa and Marib provinces, killing two people on board.
In December, pro-Houthi media claimed that a Saudi surveillance drone was brought down after by rebel fighters after flying over a Houthi military facility in Yemen's Jizan province.
Yemen's 20-month-old conflict has killed more than 10,000 people and wounded nearly 37,000, the United Nations says.
The Iran-backed Houthi rebels overran the capital Sanaa and other parts of the impoverished country in September 2014. It prompted a Saudi-led Arab military coalition to intervene six months later in support of President Abd-Rabbo Mansour Hadi.
There are, still, three NBA head-coaching jobs open. Sort of.
Around the league, the process of finding new coaches in New Orleans, Denver and Orlando — where there are openings — has been held up by the one impending opening. That would be in Chicago, where some players and people around the Bulls already have heard that coach Tom Thibodeau won't be back next year, two people close to the situation told Sporting News.
UPDATE: Bulls fire Thibodeau | MORE: Pelicans' next coach? 8 candidates | Warriors or Cavaliers?
“There has been a little more slowness to the process,” one person told Sporting News, requesting anonymity in the sensitive situation. “You have one big name out there who is not really out there yet, and so there has not been the big flood of interviews you would expect to see. It's been a holding pattern.”
But despite what the players were told, the Bulls have made no final decision on Thibodeau's future. He has a contract in place for two years, and he stated after the Bulls were eliminated from the postseason that he had every intention of fulfilling that contract.
The Bulls have been in a bind because of the Thibodeau situation. Team owner Jerry Reinsdorf has a long-standing aversion to paying coaches who are not currently working for him, but for the Bulls to be rid of Thibodeau, they would have to either fire him or move him to another team — a trade, of sorts, like the one that sent Doc Rivers from the Celtics to the Clippers in 2013 for a draft pick.
Chicago approached the offseason as if it were sitting in a position of strength, much as Boston was when it was dealing with L.A. The Bulls figured that, with an asset such as Thibodeau on their hands, they could command a first-round pick as compensation. But there is a key difference between the Thibodeau and Rivers situations: Rivers went to the Celtics and told them he wanted out, where the Bulls are the ones who want Thibodeau out.
The Bulls' front office undermined Thibodeau throughout the year — and apparently did a very good job of it because, when it came time to make a move, teams like Orlando and New Orleans were reluctant to pull the trigger on any deal for Thibodeau that would involve compensation. Who could blame them? Why would a team give up a draft pick for a coach whose current franchise has such disdain for him?
Other teams have moved on or, at least, have given the appearance of moving on. There are still those around the league who feel that New Orleans and Orlando want Thibodeau and have come up with candidates like Scott Skiles for the Magic and Jeff Van Gundy (Thibodeau's friend and mentor) for the Pelicans in order to spook the Bulls into simply letting Thibodeau go.
If their new candidates are decoys, that's a high-stakes game of chicken for the Pels and/or Magic. Either way, whether by straight firing or some form of trade, Bulls players are expecting to call a new guy “coach” next season.
Accra, Aug. 30, GNA - President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo on Wednesday said Ghana would adopt the model of development that helped with the rapid transformation of the economies of the Asian Tigers.He said: “What they (Asians) did there, and what we have to replicate here, is this constant interface between those of us making the policies and those actually on the field,” adding that that mo
Accra, Aug. 30, GNA - President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo on Wednesday said Ghana would adopt the model of development that helped with the rapid transformation of the economies of the Asian Tigers.
He said: “What they (Asians) did there, and what we have to replicate here, is this constant interface between those of us making the policies and those actually on the field,” adding that that model would propel Ghana's quest to pursue an aggressive agricultural-based, value-added export-driven industrialisation.
President Akufo-Addo made the remarks when he met with members of the National Farmers and Fishers Award Winners Association (NFFAWAG), Ghana at the Presidency in Accra.
The NFFAWAG members were at the Flagstaff House to lend their support and expertise to government's agenda to transform and accelerate the agricultural growth in the country.
The Association, formed in 1997, comprises award-winning farmers and fishermen who have distinguished themselves in their respective sub-sectors by winning relevant national, regional and district awards since the inception of the Farmers' Day in 1985.
The President indicated that apart from replicating the strategies adopted by those Asian economies, Government would ensure there was constant dialogue between policymakers and technical people to find ways to actualise the vision of his government to make agriculture the fulcrum of development in Ghana.
He gave the assurance that government would give all the support needed to farmers to enable them to produce at optimum levels to ensure the country got the volumes that would feed the factories that would be set up in all the districts as well as for export.
President Akufo-Addo noted that farmers were the lifeblood of the economy and, as such, his administration would commit to engaging them fruitfully in the formulation of agricultural policies.
He said if there was fertile collaboration between farmers and government; “I think we are bound to succeed in whatever it is that we want to do,” and emphasised the need for periodic meetings between the farmers and government for a fertile cross fertilisation of ideas.
“If we continue that way, we are going to make a very huge impact on enhancing the agricultural productivity of the country… I want to partner with you so that we can, together, achieve our common objective,” the President said.
The President gave the assurance that brainstorming on the possibility of establishing an Agricultural Fund, as mooted by the Association, would inure to the benefit of the country in terms of furthering the agenda to improve the productivity of the farmers.
He directed that the ministers of Agriculture and Fisheries and Aquaculture liaise effectively with the Association to fashion modalities for cooperation.
Mr Davies Narh Korboe, the Chairman of the NFFAWAG, expressed appreciation to government for the steps taken to revamp the agricultural sector to make it the pivot of development in the country.
He gave the assurance that the Association was commitment to make government's interventions succeed.
“Over the years, an increasing proportion of our members have raised the bar by producing to the European Union and global standards in our quest to penetrate global markets. We believe that with a more deliberate collaboration between our associations and the Ministry, we could achieve even more, thereby raking in more foreign exchange for the country,” he said.
GNA
Theming is one of the many facets of Android that gives it a leg up on its iOS competition. With the right home launcher and icon theme, you can completely change the look and feel of your device in just a few minutes. Don't Miss: How to Make Your Android Unique & Theme Everything In the spirit of customization and theming, today we'll show you how to ditch your ticker-style or heads-up notifications for unique, Material Design-inspired notifications.
Step 1: Install the App Notify BETA, from developer Skytek65, is a new concept on an old feature. With a visually-appealing circular animation that expands to expose your notification and app icon towards the top portion of your display, this dynamic new design themes the notification to match colors with the originating app. Install Notify BETA from the Google Play Store
Step 2: Set It Up Before setting up the app, for those of you running Android 5.0 or above, you will also need to install HeadsOff, which is required to toggle off heads-up notifications and run Notify as smoothly as possible. Once you're ready to run the app, launch it and enable Notification access.
A new poll done for a Green Line advocacy group found strong support for the project — and for the incumbent mayor.
Commissioned by LRT on the Green Foundation, the online poll found 70 per cent of respondents wants to see the full, 46-kilometre route built in stages and 77 per cent support moving ahead with a 20-kilometre first stage currently funded by the three levels of government.
The survey also asked respondents who they support for mayor and found:
Naheed Nenshi 41 per cent.
Bill Smith 26 per cent.
Andre Chabot three per cent.
Other two per cent.
Undecided 28 per cent.
The online survey was done by the firm Asking Canadians between Oct. 7 and 10 utilizing 1,004 respondents, which it says is a "representative but non-random sample, therefore margin of error is not applicable."
A probability sample of that size would yield a margin of error of plus or minus 3.1 percentage points, 19 times out of 20.
An earlier poll done by Mainstreet Research, however, showed the exact opposite — Smith 17 points ahead of Nenshi amongst decided voters, 48 per cent to 31 per cent.
Mount Royal University political science professor Duane Bratt told CBC Calgary News at 6 the reason for the stark difference in results comes down to methodology.
Asking Canadians just released a poll on mayor's race that is pretty much opposite of previously released polls from Mainstreet. —@DuaneBratt
Mainstreet used robocalls, or computer generated, random phone calls while Asking Canadians used an online survey that respondents signed up for, though many of their surveys are not political in nature.
"Obviously if you're looking at both of these, you're going, 'what is going on here?' with a 32 point swing," said Bratt.
"But what I break it down to is the demographic data, and on the demographics, I had been very critical of the Mainstreet polls we had seen and I have a bit more confidence with what the Asking Canadians poll does."
The levels of undecided voters — 28 per cent in the recent Asking Canadians poll compared to 13 per cent in the Mainstreet poll — are also important, said Bratt.
"Typically in a civic election the voter turnout is below 50 per cent so you would expect a much higher degree of undecideds," he said.
The Mainstreet poll — commissioned by Postmedia, the company that owns the Calgary Herald and Calgary Sun — surveyed about 1,500 people over two days, while Asking Canadians took four days to complete its pool of just over 1,000.
So these are the questions in the online survey that <a href="https://twitter.com/LRTontheGreen?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@LRTontheGreen</a> commissioned... <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/yycvote?src=hash&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#yycvote</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/yyccc?src=hash&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#yyccc</a> <a href="https://t.co/20B13kMrbX">pic.twitter.com/20B13kMrbX</a> —@CBCFletch
LRT on the Green Foundation president Jeff Binks said the poll was commissioned after remarks by Smith last week about possibly pausing the $4.6-billion dollar LRT project to rethink it.
Bink says he's reassured the Green Line remains a priority for Calgarians.
"People revealed in the poll that the Green Line will influence their discussion for mayor and what we've seen is from the two leading candidates, we've seen two very different perspectives on not only the Green Line but to other public transit projects as well, such as the Southwest BRT," he said.
Advance voting finishes Wednesday and election day is Oct. 16.
HAMILTON — Luke Tasker's 2016 season ended earlier than he had anticipated.
He missed the final third of the season with a nagging injury, one that kept him – and the Ticats' medical staff – guessing each week whether he was ready to get back on the field or not.
“My injury was such that it was just kind of bizarre,” Tasker told CFL.ca at Mark's CFL Week in Regina. “Week by week we weren't sure how long it was going to be and as it turned out it ended my season. So it was frustrating but that's part of the game and I'm just happy that it wasn't something that's lingering on throughout my off-season. I'm healthy now.”
He's in good shape – he's been training in his hometown of Buffalo this off-season – and is excited to get back to work with the Tiger-Cats when training camp begins at the end of the month.
Last season, the 26-year-old wideout was on his way to having the best year of his four-year CFL career before his season-ending injury.
In the 12 games he suited up in before being sidelined, he caught 852 yards and five touchdowns – that means he was on pace for 1,278 yards, more than his previous career-high in 2015 (1,066).
Tasker wasn't the only Tiger-Cat sidelined with injuries last season, either. Quarterback Zach Collaros, and receivers Andy Fantuz and Chad Owens all missed time in 2016 as the injury bug hit hard in the Ticats' locker room. The defence was also dealing with injuries as safety Craig Butler obtained his own season-ending injury before the season even started and his replacement Courtney Stephen missed time as well.
The timing of the wounds were less than ideal for the Tabbies. Most came late in the season, right when the team was trying to make a push for the top spot in the East.
They ended up second in the division and hosted the Edmonton Eskimos in the Eastern Semi-Final. Tasker watched his team lose from the sidelines as the Ticats couldn't stop Esks' running back John White, who rushed for over 120 yards that contest.
“It was a year with a lot of adversity, and especially having been injured for me personally.” Luke Tasker
“It was a year with a lot of adversity, and especially having been injured for me personally it was a lot of adversity,” he said. “Any year you don't win the Grey Cup it's good to have it behind you. We're going to go in this year and I think the greatest teams always have the end in mind – they always start with a championship in mind and day one in camp we need to make sure everyone is on the same page of winning the Grey Cup.”
Making a Grey Cup run is, like all nine teams in the league, at the top of Tasker and his Ticats minds as they head into 2017. Tasker is hoping his connection with quarterback Collaros will help to lead the charge to do so.
Collaros trusts Tasker – the receiver has been one of the pivot's favourite targets for the past few seasons – and Tasker trusts Collaros even more so.
“I would be 100 per cent ready to follow Zach and to put the entire offence into his hands,” Tasker said of Collaros. “That's how strongly I feel about him. If someone's arguing he should be in the second tier of quarterbacks, maybe you'd bring up some injuries he's had and stuff but shoot, quarterbacks take some hard hits. To me, mentally and his physical ability, he's at the top of the list.”
Heading into his fifth season in Tigertown, Tasker feels right at home – he's just a few hours drive from where he spent his childhood – and is looking forward to bringing winning football to the fans in Hamilton.
“I think I found a city that really works for me,” confessed Tasker. “Not only its proximity to where I grew up but just the feeling of the city. I feel the same way about football and about the Ticats that the fans do. It's been great.”
My Mexican grandfather used to say that salads were for rabbits. My Mexican father thinks a good steak cures any stomach ailment. And a Mexican friend used to joke that a pet pig that lived near my old Westside neighborhood would last approximately two seconds in his Eastside neighborhood before being kidnapped, placed on a spit and barbecued over an outdoor pit.
Indeed, Mexicans love their meat, and the cuisine is renowned for its carnitas, tacos al pastor, beef stews and barbecued goat. But what about Mexican vegetarian meals?
Though I am not a vegetarian, increasingly I have come to enjoy the simplicity and lightness of such meals. But looking through Mexican cookbooks in search of meatless recipes, I found that the pickings were slim. Mexican vegetables such as chayote, zucchini, corn, verdolagas (purslane) and sweet potatoes seem to be used most often to augment stews or complement meat dishes.
Some of the vegetarian dishes I did find consisted of such New Age California inventions as substituting raw walnuts for "taco meat" or stuffing enchiladas with tofu.
But meatless dishes actually have a long history in Mexican cuisine. The diet of the Aztecs and other Indians was heavy on grains, fruits and vegetables, and it wasn't until the Spaniards colonized Mexico that the carnivorous culture of pork and beef really became the backbone of what we now consider Mexican food.
One of the biggest obstacles to eating purely vegetarian food in Mexico today is the use of lard and chicken stock. But if you are cooking at home, a lot of onions and a dash of olive oil will make up for the missing lard in most dishes, and vegetable broth is an easy substitute for chicken stock.
And it's not just a matter of substitutions. It turns out there are many purely vegetarian dishes that are authentically Mexican, filling and interesting in their complexity. One of my favorite ingredients is huitlacoche — known here as corn fungus or corn smut. There is nothing subtle or simple about huitlacoche. It's true that its black fungus-y appearance is a bit startling, but its pungent, earthy taste combines beautifully with sautéed serrano peppers, chopped onion and garlic. Nobel laureate Octavio Paz wrote that huitlacoche, which the Aztecs also enjoyed, is a symbol of Mexican culture with its communion of flavors, passionate color and robustness.
Growing up, we would warm a tortilla on the comal (a metal plate that can be placed directly over the flame) with a slice of Oaxaca cheese and a generous helping of huitlacoche and fold it over like a quesadilla. You can also leave out the cheese and eat it like a taco. In some of Mexico's finest restaurants, huitlacoche is treated like a truffle. Mexico City's Hacienda de los Morales is famous in part because of its crepes smothered with huitlacoche. Another popular dish that is a remnant of the French influence in Mexico is a huitlacoche soufflé.
Huitlacoche is difficult to find fresh in Southern California, but the canned version makes a very good substitute.
But Mexican vegetarian dishes don't have to be so exotic. Mushrooms sauteed with Pasilla chile and the herb epazote, both of which can be bought at just about any Mexican market, is another favorite of mine. I like to cook oyster, shiitake and thinly sliced brown mushrooms with lots of garlic and then serve it over a bed of rice and a mixed greens salad on the side.
Even the humble zucchini can take a starring role. Stew cubed squash with onion, serrano peppers, a little tomato and corn, and use that as a taco filling. In summer, I add zucchini blossoms.
A major contributor to my vegetarian meals is the poblano chile, a slightly sweet and usually mild pepper that has a rich, smoky flavor. Rajas — peeled and cut poblano strips with sauteed onions — make a terrific taco stuffing, but I also use it as the "meat" for a lasagna. (Why not? I live in Los Angeles, where we create our own cuisine.)
Layer this with noodles and a Mexican version of ricotta (mix sour cream and salty cotija cheese in the food processor to the consistency of cottage cheese). It's so easy to make and so delicious that it's now a staple of my dinner parties.
Who needs tofu enchiladas and walnut tacos?
food@latimes.com
As featured on Conservation Journal.
The blades of a helicopter whir against the blue of the African sky. The barrel of an AK-47 juts out the door. The helicopter is loaded with a highly agile and responsive team, complete with night-vision goggles, GPS equipment and other weaponry. The helicopter is scouting for elephants.
The helicopter is full of poachers.
The poaching crisis has been deeply covered and widely reported, yet the crisis continues, seemingly unabated. Through well-funded operations, combined with the falling elephant numbers, it would seem that the poachers are winning.
The ivory trade takes the lives of thousands of African elephants per year at the widely reported rate of 1 every 15 minutes. 4 in an hour, 96 in a day, 35,000 in a year. With 415,000 African elephants remaining, if all else is constant, in 11 years there'll be no more left on the planet.
The statistics are harrowing, yet it's no surprise that market forces can push the population of a species to the brink of extinction. The illegal wildlife trade is a robust and well-oiled mechanism that seldom buckles, with intricately weaved links throughout the black market and strong cooperation with intelligent criminal syndicates. The trade is lucrative for those who are a part and carries substantial worth: approximately USD $20 billion, as estimated by INTERPOL. Like the international drug trade, it's similar in size and driven by highly competent criminal cartels; like a multi-billion dollar corporation, they're adaptive to any and every move. They keep the machine's cogs turning as it rapidly pushes species to critically low numbers. The mules of the trade are sometimes caught: the poachers wielding their machetes on the savannah, the guards who man cargo holds at Mombasa or Dar es Salaam ports. Yet as long as the criminals at the top of the pyramid and corrupt government and police officials are operating, ivory will surely flow.
Large investments and falling numbers
Hundreds of millions of dollars are spent on elephant conservation per year, yet elephants numbers are still falling.
In 2010, the African Elephant Action Plan, which was drawn up to guide all 38 range states on strategies to protect the elephant, was budgeted at approximately USD $100 million for the period 2009-2012. Thereafter, National Elephant Action Plans within the respective countries were made and assumedly, implemented at some level. The collective of NGOs in the Clinton Global Initiative elephant initiative had a budget of about USD $80 million over a 3-year period. The Great Elephant Census, which delivered critical findings on the actual numbers of Africa elephants on the continent, cost USD $8 million alone. These form only a minuscule fraction of the world's elephant conservation efforts. What is clear is that saving the elephant has proven to be an expensive investment- however, given the continually falling numbers, the return on investment is questionable.
As a whole, elephants are being poached at an average of 8% per year versus a birth rate of 5%. The numbers continue to rapidly plummet.
In some countries, however, elephant numbers are stable or increasing. Uganda, Kenya and Rwanda in the east, and Namibia, South Africa and Zimbabwe in the south, show stable or increasing populations. These positive results are a testament to the state's political will and commitment to strengthening law enforcement, anti-poaching operations and community initiatives. Contrastingly, the worst affected population is in Tanzania, which saw a loss of 60% of their population in 5 years. Central Africa, which is mostly ridden by instability and conflict, is responsible for the significant loss of forest elephants.
As can be seen, threat levels widely differ across countries, and so too are the population numbers and distribution ranges.
352,000 of them are savannah elephants and the remaining 63,000 are the more elusive and arguably, the forgotten, endangered forest elephants.
The genetic variation between savannah and forest elephants has been found to be very disparate. Mounting evidence has shown that forest elephants differ from their savannah counterparts distinctively, their ancestors having split about 5-6 million years ago. A growing body of evidence shows that they are 2 separate species and more scientists are lobbying for them to be classified as such. If it is, the forest elephant would easily be classified as endangered. Between 2002-2013, they were being poached at a rate of approximately 60 per day.
The numbers as a whole are following a steep decline, and the extinction of the elephant is imminent. Despite all the efforts, the trends in killing seem not to have changed.
Policy changes by those who can make the biggest difference
Changes in political commitment have been made, however, notably from the 3 largest domestic ivory markets: in 2016, the U.S., who are second to China for ivory trafficking, banned all commercial trades; and more recently, China and Hong Kong pledged to ban their domestic trades by 2017 and 2021 respectively. This comes in the wake of an IUCN motion, Motion 007, which was passed in September to call on all countries to close all domestic trading. It was a clear sign that the world held a unified stance- especially from China, the main driver of demand. This ban represents a marked display of political will from China and is the best move that the international community could have hoped for. If there's full implementation of this policy, this would make a world of difference for the elephants- literally.
The world will no doubt hold them accountable for this promise, as will China's residents and citizens. With 34 official ivory manufacturers and 130 licensed dealers in China, this number is now set to change as early as March. China's recent ban must be implemented in measured and scheduled steps to ensure the livelihoods of ivory carvers, manufacturers and dealers can slowly phase out. Hong Kong, who has a separate governance structure from China, has elected to do this over a longer period of time. Decommercialisation of any trade has to be executed with strong government support for alternative livelihoods to ensure there is no significant detriment to those whose businesses will be closed down. Whether this happens remains to be seen, but this much is clear: China's recent move is the best that we could have hoped for, and may ultimately give elephants a chance for survival.
International agreements and what wasn't agreed upon
While these pledges paint a promising picture, the most recent CITES Conference of Parties did not arrive with as positive a result. Despite intensive bidding from many states, through the EU's opposition, who form a majority voting bloc, it was determined that the African Elephant would not be placed in an Appendix I classification. Such a classification would mean the species is endangered and would be afforded the highest protections from all trade in ivory. Elephants reportedly did not meet the eligibility criteria for this status, due to the large and increasing numbers of elephants in Southern Africa. This, however, does not take into consideration the importance of wide distribution ranges, movement patterns and genetic variability, which are all critical for species survival.
The lack of an Appendix I classification means that there is an opening for some trades, in some circumstances, to continue. As long as this opportunity exists, there's always the possibility that ivory can exchange hands, which will lead to the deaths of many more elephants.
The results drew overwhelming criticism from the international community. Perhaps the most disappointing was that the world's convention seemed to have failed in showing vision and leadership in protecting a species.
The limitations of CITES must be noted, however, and that even if an endangered status was applied to the African elephant, it may not have made an overwhelmingly large difference. CITES provides a framework to regulate the trade of wildlife products and to ensure they don't threaten the survival of wildlife; and treaties are ratified when the majority of member states come to an agreement. This exists with the assumption that countries will cooperate. Practically, it's designed to provide guidance for domestic legislation, although a country's participation is voluntary, and if a country opposes any agreements, they do not necessarily have to comply. There is no official body to ensure states enforce these laws either, creating difficulties in monitoring compliance.
Change from within: domestic leadership
The ultimate and most sustainable form of change, therefore, needs to come from governments. Strengthened governance, transparent and free from corruption, better law enforcement and effective community initiatives can significantly improve the situation. Sharing intelligence across borders for strengthened cooperation and more collaborative partnerships between and across all international organisations is equally important.
The African Elephant Coalition, which consists of 29 African countries, has vehemently opposed the ivory trade in every public representation. Yet perhaps the most significant changes that need to happen are not made public- they are the changes that remain behind closed doors, manifesting through small shifts in policy and attitudes inside cabinets, and the will and commitment to do what it takes to save this iconic African species.
There's no clear path ahead- there never was- but a more coordinated, cohesive and powerful effort from the world is needed to ensure the elephant will still exist in a couple of decade's time. We need the kind of strategy and operations needed to fight war or terrorism. If we don't deploy strategies at this level, the poachers will win. The countdown continues.
February 29, 2012 — A Southern Californian woman has filed a lawsuit over DMAA, what she claims is an “illegal and dangerous” ingredient in the dietary supplement C4 Extreme. DMAA is a popular stimulant in many popular dietary supplements, including OxyElite Pro, Jack3d, and party pills. Unfortunately, there is growing evidence that DMAA side effects include cardiovascular disorders, neurological disorders, and death. Several U.S. soldiers who died of heart attacks during physical training were found to have DMAA in their bloodstream.
The DMAA lawsuit, filed by Lynette Bates, claims that “experts in the industry have become concerned that this potent stimulant drug will lead to serious health issues and even death.” DMAA has been banned by the World Anti-Doping Agency and is a controlled substance in Canada and New Zealand. It remains legal in the U.S.
Ms. Bates purchased a drink powder called C4 Extreme, which no longer contains DMAA. The lawsuit was filed against GNC, the nation's largest chain retailer of dietary supplements, and Cellucor Sports Nutrition, the company the manufactures and distributes C4 Extreme. She is suing the companies for “making false and unsubstantiated representations concerning the efficacy, safety, and legality of C4 Extreme.”
DMAA was first synthesized as a synthetic drug by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lily in the 1940s. It was marketed as a nasal decongestant spray under the brand-name Forthane, but never took off. The patent lapsed, and about six years ago, a chemist named Patrick Arnold began creating dietary supplements containing DMAA. Arnold served prison time for his involvement in the BALCO baseball doping scandal. BALCO supplied “designer” stimulant drugs to sports professional such as Barry Bonds, who used the drugs because they did not appear on drug tests. After Arnold served prison time for the BALCO scandal, he started several dietary supplement companies, including E-Pharm Nutrition, which sells apple-flavored Clearshot containing DMAA.
Many people use dietary supplements containing DMAA as pre-workout energy boosters. They are also sold as a way to burn fat and lose weight. On the ingredient labels for OxyElite Pro, Jack3d, and many other supplements, DMAA is listed as “1,3-dimethylamylamine” or “geranium stem.”
However, the link between DMAA and the geranium plant is a source of controversy. The link is based on one error-filled report published in a Chinese technical journal that was not peer reviewed in 1996, in which the authors claimed to have used botanical samples from the geranium plant, run them though a spectrometer, and the machine automatically assigned identities to dozens of compounds, one of which was DMAA.
Many experts criticize “fundamental flaws” in the FDA's current regulatory framework regarding dietary supplements, which could allow potentially dangerous ingredients to reach American consumers. The FDA is considering making changes to the guidelines, but has not yet done so, and many are saying the proposed guidelines do not go far enough. Until then, it is likely that the number of DMAA lawsuits will continue to grow.
Do I have a DMAA Lawsuit?
The Schmidt Firm, PLLC is currently accepting DMAA induced injury cases in all 50 states. If you or somebody you know has been injured by DMAA, you should contact our lawyers immediately for a free case consultation. Please use the form below to contact our DMAA Litigation Group or call toll free 24 hours a day at (866) 920-0753.
Attention Lawyers: We consider a referral from another law firm to be one of the greatest compliments. If your firm is interested in referring us a case or for us to send you a list of previous award judgments and/or average referral fees, please visit the Lawyer Referral section of our website.
D.C. and Maryland are suing President Trump for violating a little-known constitutional provision called "the emoluments clause." (Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
The Post reports:
Two new plaintiffs — an association of restaurants and restaurant workers, and a woman who books banquet halls for two D.C. hotels — plan to join a lawsuit alleging that President Trump has violated the Constitution's emoluments clause because his hotels and restaurants do business with foreign governments. The new plaintiffs will be added to the case on Tuesday morning, according to a spokesman for Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW), a D.C.-based watchdog group.
This is a significant development that does much to alleviate the “standing” problem, the legal requirement that the plaintiff suffered actual harm. (“Both [new plaintiffs] say that, as direct competitors of Trump's restaurants and hotels, they may lose foreign clients, who may book with Trump properties to curry favor with the president.”)
“We've always felt we had strong standing in this case,” says CREW spokesman Jordan Libowitz. CREW argued that in having to devote resources to enforce the emoluments clause, it was harmed. Now, however, Libowitz says, “The new plaintiffs offer a different legal standing — taken together, our legal standing is unquestionable.” He added, “There are so many people and organizations that have reached out to us interested in joining our case [that] while these are the only new plaintiffs today, the possibility remains for more in the future.”
This is one more arena in which Trump's refusal to release his tax returns becomes relevant. “One of the many problems with the president's continuing business dealings with foreign countries is that without his tax returns, we do not know the full extent of his violation of the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution,” Libowitz explains. “We seek to change that.”
Indeed, where there is no legal compunction for the president now to release his tax returns absent action by Congress (which Republicans will never permit), litigation offers an avenue for ferreting out his finances. “All kinds of relevant information — including the tax returns Trump is fighting to hide — are likely to be demanded in the course of discovery,” says attorney Laurence H. Tribe, one of the lawyers on the case. He explains, “I think the district court will have every reason to compel disclosure of the tax returns in particular, given how much they (and only they) will reveal about the exact sources and amounts of many of the unconstitutional Foreign and Domestic Emoluments Trump has been receiving and stands to receive unless enjoined pursuant to the relief our lawsuit seeks.”
It is a misperception that tax returns are absolutely protected from the discovery process in litigation. Indeed, the notes in the applicable federal rule of civil procedures states that “a party's income tax return is generally held not privileged.” The courts may take special precautions (e.g. sealing documents), but a court likely would be able to compel Trump to turn over information that would reveal what monies and/or other benefits (e.g. trademarks from China) he is receiving.
At most, Trump would enjoy merely a “qualified privilege” to conceal his tax records. As one court held, “A two-prong test has been utilized to assess whether the qualified privilege should be overcome and a party's income tax returns should be disclosed. The court must determine whether (1) the tax return is relevant to the subject matter in dispute; and (2) a compelling need exists for the return, because the information sought is not obtainable from other sources. While the party seeking discovery of the tax returns bears the burden of establishing its relevance, the resisting party has the task to identify an alternative source for the information.”
In other words, for every property or income source Trump has, litigants may be found to assert that they have been harmed by the advantage he receives in exploiting his status as president to obtain monies from foreign governments. This is the essence of the emoluments clause, which was created to prevent foreign governments from corrupting our elected leaders. For now, Trump is refusing to release his tax returns, but keeping them secret in the face of metastasizing litigation is another thing entirely.
CBS chairman and CEO Les Moonves said the broadcaster is considering a lower-priced package of its CBS All Access online service and its standalone Showtime offering for consumers, adding that while so-called skinny bundles haven't quite caught on with consumers, they are “inevitable.”
Moonves, speaking at the Deutsche Bank Technology, Media & Telecom conference in Palm Beach, Fla., said the company was mulling an offering that would offer both services at a discount to their current pricing. He gave no further details.
CBS launched All-Access in October 2014, with shows from its content library as well as live network programming in cities where it owns and operates TV stations, for about $5.99 per month. The service has since expanded its live capabilities to include several network affiliates across the country. Moonves said that the network is negotiating with the National Football League to allow NFL games on the service in the future. The networks also is considering an ad-free version of the service – for an additional $4 per month and has been developing original programming for the service, including a new version of Star Trek scheduled for a January 2017 debut.
Showtime launched its standalone online service in July for $10.99 per month.
Moonves said while CBS All Access has been successful, “we haven't pulled out all of the stops.”
“Next year it's going to add substantially to our bottom line,” he added, especially in 2017 when it launches the Star Trek series, which he said is expected to be an “extraordinary success.”
Moonves didn't say when the All-Access/Showtime combo would be available. But he did say that consumers are demanding more flexibility in programming packaging and eventually a provider will touch on the right combination of shows and pricing.
“Someone's going to figure out how to do this and how to give people what they want to watch and it's not for $100 a month, it will be for $35 or $39 dollars a month where you'll really get the 12 to 15 or 18 channels that you care about. And not get the karate channel for 25 cents a month,” Moonves said. “That doesn't make sense anymore.”
Moonves also said that the consolidation wave among distributors won't have any impact on CBS' ability to extract retransmission consent fees. He added that while some disputes get a lot of attention, the vast majority of deals are done quietly.
“What we have is something they [distributors] need,” Moonves said. “Our content makes them money, they make us money. They pay a fair price for our product. I think the system works really, really well.”
Wisconsin employment has now fallen below pre-recession peaks…
[Updated, with comments from WMC and Lt. Gov. Kleefisch; warning – your head will hurt after reading]
Figures released this afternoon indicate the three month change in nonfarm payroll employment and civilian employment have been negative for two and three months respectively. Since the Wisconsin Department of Workforce Development (DWD) memo makes no mention of this, I think it useful to document the negative trends in Wisconsin employment.
Figure 1 depicts nonfarm payroll employment and civilian employment.
Figure 1: Wisconsin nonfarm payroll employment (blue), and civilian employment (red), both in 000's, seasonally adjusted. Source: BLS and DWD.
Since the two estimates come from two different surveys (establishment and household, respectively), this adds to the impression of continuing job loss. The most recent concurrence of both series experiencing negative 3 month changes is the last recession. Before that, there was a short period in 2003.
Figure 2 zooms in to recent vintages of the private employment series. While the total NFP series rose slightly, private employment registered a continued decline, even though April figures were revised upward.
Figure 2: Wisconsin private nonfarm payroll employment from February (black), March (orange), April (green), May (red) and June (blue), all in 000's, seasonally adjusted. Source: BLS and DWD.
Finally, Figure 3 presents a comparison of US and Wisconsin NFP series (as far as I know, Minnesota's figures are not yet available).
Figure 3: Nonfarm payroll employment (blue), and US (black), seasonally adjusted, in logs normalized 2011M01=0. This means a reading of 0.05 is 5% above the level in January 2011. Source: BLS and DWD.
The Philadelphia Fed coincident indices, which for Wisconsin have been revised downward in recent months, will be released on July 24th. These indices are calculated using in part these employment data.
Update, 7/17 7:30pm Pacific: If you want to read some completely data free “analysis”, see this piece entitled Wisconsin's Economic Future Much Brighter than Minnesota by the head of the Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce:
Even so, many indicators are bullish on Wisconsin's future economic prospects. For example, business optimism is sky high and many leading rankings on both business climate and economic outlook have shown dramatic improvement for Wisconsin since 2011 when Walker took office. Minnesota hasn't done nearly as well in many of those same rankings.
None of the rankings are listed. I presume one of them is the ALEC ranking. As we now know, the ALEC rankings are not predictive.
Update, 7/19 9pm Pacific: If you can translate this statement from Scott Walker will try to explain Wisconsin's job picture to GOP voters, Rebecca Kleefisch says, you're smarter than I am:
Wisconsin added 129,154 private-sector jobs between December 2010 and December 2014 in data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics' Quarterly Census of Employment and Wages. That's a change of 5.69 percent. But Kleefisch said she takes issue with that reporting. “It's based on the speed with which jobs are created in comparison to neighbors as opposed to the actual number of jobs created,” she said. “So I think you're going to see the governor trying to explain that.” … Kleefisch explained her reasoning with an example. “If you measure two kids in a class, and if you have Wisconsin and Michigan sitting in a class, taking this class on economic development, and in the very beginning of the school year, they both score a D, things aren't looking good for the economic prospects of either one of these students in this class,” she said. “But by the end of the semester, things are changed. “Well, now imagine if you have those two students in the class, Michigan and Wisconsin. And Michigan's getting a D, which it clearly was. I would put, honestly, Michigan, with the failure of the autos, at about an F. Wisconsin was getting a C. But at the end of the semester, if they're both at a B, who did better?”
Of course, this does not explain why Minnesota, which experienced a 5.6% peak to trough decline in nonfarm payroll (NFP) employment, has faster employment growth than Wisconsin, which experienced a 6.0% decline (log terms). Since 2011M01, Minnesota's NFP has grown 6.9% vs. Wisconsin's 4.8% (log terms).
Update, 7/20 4:45pm Pacific: The Wisconsin DWD press release doesn't mention job losses, but does tout the high participation rate. My observation: It's easy to have a high participation to population rate when on the population is barely growing. Wisconsin's population growth rate in 2014 was 0.25%, a value last observed in 1986. By the way, the downward trend in growth is not shared by Minnesota.
Figure 4: Year-on-year population growth in Minnesota (blue), Wisconsin (red) and US (black). Source: FRED and author's calculations.
Oh, and Wisconsin's participation rate has been decreasing. The fact that it is higher than the US average is neither here nor there, given that it typically has been higher for as long as state level data has been reported, as noted here.
Suicide: holidays' darkest myth
"Holiday blues?" asks Dr. Eric Caine, co-director of the center for the study and prevention of suicide at the University of Rochester Medical Center in New York. "I'm not sure. I just know I get a lot fewer admissions [to the psychiatric ward] over the holidays."
During the season of good cheer, there are certainly those whose blue mood stands in stark contrast to the season's bright lights and festivities. But pointing to the Christmas season as a cause of increased depression and risk for suicide is just wrong, says Dan Romer, director of the Annenberg Adolescent Risk Communication Institute at the University of Pennsylvania.
It is a baseless notion, according to a body of published studies by statisticians who have examined hundreds of thousands of suicides in the United States and around the world. The number of suicides goes down, not up, over the holiday season, by as much as 40%.
It was Christmas Eve when George Bailey stared into the black depths of the river beneath the bridge in Bedford Falls, convinced that the world would be better off without him. That scene from the 1946 movie classic "It's a Wonderful Life" could well have given birth to the media myth that Christmas is a trigger for increased suicides and episodes of depression.
In one of the most thorough examinations of what researchers call acts of deliberate self-harm, which can be an indication of depression, Helen Bergen, research scientist at the University of Oxford, found that Christmas, for most people, is protective.
Bergen and colleagues reached this conclusion after examining emergency room admission records of 19,346 people in England and looking at daily rates of self-induced injury from 1976 to 2003.
Drug or alcohol overdoses, self-poisoning with gas or other harmful substances and self-inflicted injuries-- with or without the deliberate intention to die -- all decreased from average levels during the week of Dec. 19-26, Bergen and colleagues found, and these lowered levels held through New Year's Day.
The decrease in rates of self-inflicted damage before, on and immediately after Christmas and into the New Year was found regardless of age, family connections or social isolation, the researchers reported in the September issue of the journal Social Science & Medicine.
Even people with family relationship problems were less inclined to attempt to hurt themselves during the holidays. "These findings are contrary to the popular view that Christmas is a time of stress and arguments," Bergen says. Perhaps, she says, problems within the nuclear family ease up instead of intensify when the extended family is around.
Another possible reason why depression and suicide rates fall this time of year is that the season, more than other times, is one of giving. "People tend to reach out over the holidays," says Dr. Douglas Jacobs, a psychiatrist at Harvard Medical School. Elderly people in nursing homes might suddenly get visitors. People who haven't heard from friends all year might get a card or a phone call.
It's only in the last year that the majority of news stories reflected the fact versus the myth about seasonal suicide rates, says Romer, who since 2000 has been tracking trends in media interpretations of the link between holidays and suicide. In a national search of news stories linking the holidays with suicide, he says, 9% of news organizations supported the myth in 2006, compared with 57% in 2005 and 77% in 1999.
This is not to say that the holidays are easy for everyone. "Some people have unreasonable expectations -- the holidays have to be happy," says Dr. Ian Cook, director of the UCLA depression research program. If in-laws are sniping at you about your home, your food and your lifestyle; your 2-year-old has already broken his new toys and is wailing; and your sister's teenage daughter is sulking in the family room, happiness can be a tall order.
Others are reminded of losses at holiday time. Some churches have started offering a special service -- more somber and reflective than joyful -- on Dec. 21, often the darkest day of the year, or on Christmas Eve.
Flood of Applications
In recent years, the office's biggest headache was not the rising tide of political groups seeking tax exemptions or the growing calls from Washington lawmakers, chiefly Democrats, demanding closer scrutiny of big-spending political operations claiming tax-exempt status. The office was consumed with a different problem: a tweak Congress had made to the tax code that threatened more than 400,000 nonprofit groups around the country with an automatic loss of tax exemption, potentially putting some out of business, according to a report by the Taxpayer Advocate Service, which handles complaints about tax cases. Tens of thousands of such groups had reapplied for exemptions, overwhelming the office with queries and paperwork.
The rules governing those traditional charities, known as 501(c)3 groups, are relatively clear. But after the Supreme Court's 2010 Citizens United decision on campaign financing freed corporations and unions to spend money on elections, hundreds of new applications began to arrive from Tea Party and other organizations. Most sought a different status, 501(c)4, under which “social welfare” nonprofit groups may engage in a limited amount of election activity without registering as political action committees and disclosing their donors.
Those indicating that they will intervene in elections typically receive closer scrutiny, former I.R.S. officials said, because of the potential that they may not be entitled to a tax exemption.
It is not unusual for I.R.S. specialists to search for patterns in applications, in part for clues toward fraud and scams — a single tax preparer employing the same tax gambit for multiple clients, for example — and in part to ensure that similar groups are treated in a consistent way, the former officials said.
It is not yet clear which manager in Cincinnati asked for an initial keyword search of Tea Party applications, Congressional aides said. One of the employees that the House committee is seeking to interview this week, Joseph Herr, had been a manager in charge of the group of specialists in Cincinnati from its inception through August 2010, according to the aides.
By October 2010, a batch of 40 cases were under heightened review, 18 of them with “Tea Party” in the group names. Specialists throughout the Determinations Unit had been issued a “Be on the Lookout” notice for Tea Party applications, and some were given training on how to evaluate groups planning to do election-related work, according to the I.R.S. inspector general.
In October 2010, as part of a reorganization of the unit, responsibility for the cases was shifted to a different group of specialists. Some applications that had been farmed out to Determinations Unit specialists elsewhere were moved back to the Cincinnati office.
Visit These 10 Creepy Ghost Towns In Iowa At Your Own Risk
It's always a strange, somewhat eerie feeling you get when you stumble upon a ghost town. There is a certain feeling of unease, and a curiosity as to why the town was abandoned. You wonder what happened there to make everyone get up and leave… Like any state, Iowa has its share of ghost towns too. So next time you're in the area, take the time to stop and check out these forgotten towns.
1. Rockville David Sebben/Flickr This abandoned stone grist mill stands along the north fork of the Maquoketa River at the site of the deserted ghost town, Rockville. Rockville was founded in 1845 by Oliver Olmstead and the town boasted a sawmill, this grist mill, a blacksmith shop, a hotel, and several stores. None of this exists today except for the remains of this mill. The post office opened in 1846 and closed in 1898 when the Dubuque and Pacific Railroad began laying tracks in Dyersville, spelling the demise of this once prosperous town. 2. Elkport Light Snaffler/Flickr In 2004, the two rivers that intersect at Elkport both flooded simultaneously, sending water over the levee on the south end of the town. Given the number of previous floods, the town voted to relocate its citizens. In 2006, the town was leveled. 3. Buckhorn Phil Roeder/Flickr Buckhorn is a ghost town, located in Jackson County just off of Highway 64. All that is left of it is a cemetery, an abandoned church, and this building, the old Buckhorn Creamery. 4. Carrollton Mike Avitt/Flickr Located in Carroll County, this old ghost town used to be the county seat. The town was slowly growing until the building of the Northwestern Railroad in 1867, and the laying out of Carroll. That year, a vote was cast to move the county seat to Carroll, leading to Carrollton's demise. If you visit nowadays, you'll see that there's still a store, post office, blacksmith shop and a residence or two. 5. Sunbury David Sebben/Flickr Sunbury is a ghost town in Cedar County that was founded when the railroad was introduced to the area. Sunbury was once known for their dance hall, which was founded in 1895 and closed in 1964. The town also boasted a bank, which opened in 1901 and has been abandoned for decades. 6. Mount Etna Jenny/Flickr Mount Etna is a ghost town located somewhat near Lake Icaria. About all that is left of Mount Etna is an abandoned and dilapidated church and school house. 7. Stiles Ray Kasal/Flickr Stiles is a ghost town in Davis County that is no longer listed on the Iowa map. In 1858 the population of Stiles was one hundred people and the town boasted three stores, a gristmill, a blacksmith shop and saw mill, and two doctors who each had their own drug store. 8. Stanzel Jenny/Flickr What remains of Stanzel is now only a ghost town. There are only a couple of houses, an active church and this building. The dilapidated remains of the town can be located on Highway 92 in Adair County, between Winterset and Greenfield. 9. Dublin David Sebben/Flickr Not much remains of Dublin, Iowa. Once an Odd Fellows Lodge, this building was built in 1874 and the first floor served as a store from 1904 to 1969. The town boasted a blacksmith shop, cheese factory, glass factory, 2 other stores, post office, wagon shop, and its own cornet band.
Know of any more ghost towns in Iowa? Have any pictures you would like to share with us? Let us know in the comments section below!
Last week, communications service Viber introduced paid-for stickers and push-to-talk messaging to its iOS and Android apps, and now it is the turn of its desktop and BlackBerry apps.
Viber Desktop 4.0 introduces the company's sticker shop and a slew of useful features: including the ability to drag and drop photos, a ‘seen' status to show when messages have been read, and support for video messages and photos.
In addition to improvements to the video calling experience on desktops, Viber now supports Linux-powered computers for the first time.
Finally, the BlackBerry app has gotten a minor update that brings integration with Twitter, support for sending multiple emoticons and more.
➤ Viber | BlackBerry World
Related: Why is every messaging app under the sun trying to sell stickers to you?
Read next: US government releases first NSA court order and Attorney General's annual reports to the public
JACKSONVILLE, Fla.- Twas the week before Christmas, and in a Florida town, a bad Santa was arrested when his pants fell down.
OK so the good news -- it wasn't' the real Santa. It was just a guy dressed in a Santa suit who police said was selling drugs from a U-Haul in Jacksonville.
Investigators said Isaac Geiger was seen by the door of the U-Hail in a parking lot wearing the jolly old elf suit, complete with hat and white beard.
When he saw police, investigators say he ran from the parking lot. Police started chasing Geiger, who tripped over his Santa pants and fell down.
While on the ground, he reportedly resisted arrest briefly before police were able to get him in handcuffs.
Police said they found a plastic baggie in Geiger's pants, along with a sum of cash.
After police stood him up to search him again, they said he took off running and was tackled.
A search of the U-Haul turned up marijuana, a scale with marijuana residue and a black pouch containing MDMA on the driver's seat. There was also a bucket with more marijuana, Molly, ecstasy and money.
It has been a great year for SENS rejuvenation biotechnology, both for funding and for results delivered by ongoing research programs. The 2015 fundraising continues apace, with yet another organization taking up the baton to offer a matching fund. Following on from our successful $250,000 Fight Aging! 2015 fundraiser to support the work of the SENS Research Foundation, the Foster Foundation has announced a matching fund of their own. They have put up a $50,000 fund to match all donations to the SENS Research Foundation made between now and the end of the year, just two weeks away. From the latest SENS Research Foundation newsletter:
We are pleased to announce that the Foster Foundation, a longtime supporter of SENS Researches Foundation, has offered us a final year end challenge. They will match dollar for dollar up to $50,000 raised from December 14th to 31st. Formerly the Rose and Winslow Foster Family Foundation, the Foundation has provided over $150,000 in donations to SRF this year. We thank them for their amazing support of our mission. Help us secure this challenge grant by donating today and helping enable SRF's critical work to end age-related disease. So far we have received $8,402.61 towards this challenge.
The rejuvenation research programs running under the auspices of the SENS Research Foundation, and related efforts conducted by a few other organizations, represent the best of current approaches to the treatment of aging. Aging is caused by forms of cell and tissue damage, and therefore the fastest approach to building effective therapies, medical technologies capable of preventing and reversing aging, is to repair this root cause damage. Sadly all too little of modern medical research is focused on this goal, and the mainstream research community has so far only broadly undertaken work for cancer, stem cell therapies, and amyloid clearance, the latter mostly in the course of efforts to treat Alzheimer's disease. These are just three slices of the seven or more broad categories of repair technology needed, and much of the present mainstream work in these fields is either not directed at the treatment of aging, or is not likely to produce meaningful outcomes in terms of repair. This is why non-profit initiatives like the SENS Research Foundation are vital to the future of our health and longevity. Non-profits undertake the work that is overlooked, unprofitable, or unpopular in the existing funding ecosystem, and as a result can unblock logjams and enable progress and adoption of specific lines of research in the broader scientific community.
The SENS Research Foundation can point to success as a patron of mitochondrial repair research over the past eight years or so, helping to build the foundation for allotopic expression - placing backups of mitochondrial genes in the cell nucleus - to the point at which Gensight is now devoting tens of millions of dollars to development of the technology. The SENS Research Foundation has also recently funded the startup Oisin Biotechnology to proof and develop a method of senescent cell clearance, and transferred some of the promising results of their lysosomal aggregate clearance research to another startup, Human Rejuvenation Technologies, for the development of treatments for atherosclerosis. They are also in the process of unblocking work on clearance of glucosepane cross-links in humans, funding the development of the tools needed for effective research and development in that area.
These are all programs with concrete results that aim at repair of causes of degenerative aging and age-related disease. Few other organizations can claim to be doing as much with such a modest yearly budget. The more that we can help the SENS Research Foundation to grow, the faster we will see real, working rejuvenation treatments. The clock is ticking and none of us are getting any younger yet - a lot of work is left to accomplish before that starts to happen, and here is the chance to help make it happen.
In September 18, leaders from the International Labour Organization, UN Women, and the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development launched the Equal Pay International Coalition (EPIC) with the goal of closing the gender pay gap by 2030—a challenge set by the UN Sustainable Development Goals.
“One of the most visible, tangible, and pervasive manifestations of discrimination is that women across the globe are still being paid less than men for work of equal value,” said Guy Ryder, director-general of the ILO.
According to an April 2016 report by the Joint Economic Committee Democratic Staff, U.S. women earn only 79 cents to every dollar earned by a man. That number is even worse for women of color—African-American women receive, on average, only 60 cents per dollar and Latina women receive only 55 cents per dollar.
Out of twenty-one countries with 2015 wage gap data analyzed by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, the United States ranks 17th.
Despite the passage almost four decades ago of the 1963 Equal Pay Act—which “prohibits sex-based wage discrimination between men and women in the same establishment who perform jobs that require substantially equal skill, effort and responsibility under similar working conditions”—the gender wage gap looms wide. Not only has the United States failed to meet its own goals, we continue to lag behind our global peers.
Out of twenty-one countries with 2015 wage gap data analyzed by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, the United States ranks 17th.
At the 2016 Republican National Convention, Ivanka Trump said of her father Donald Trump—then the Republican nominee—“He will fight for equal pay for equal work, and I will fight for this too, right alongside of him.”
Seven months into Trump's presidency, Ivanka Trump blessed her father's decision—based on concerns over “confidentiality” and “burdensome” regulation—to end an Obama-established rule that would have required businesses to begin collecting wage data in March 2018. The Republican-controlled House of Representatives followed a few weeks later by voting down an amendment that would have maintained financial support of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission's equal pay data collection initiative.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
The Washington Post reported in July that the White House's own gender-pay gap has tripled under Trump.
Mark Perry, of the American Enterprise Institute, called Equal Pay Day a “bogus feminist holiday.”
Mark Perry, the economist responsible for the numbers behind the Post's report—who works for the conservative American Enterprise Institute think tank—ridicules the idea that “gender discrimination is the main explanatory factor for any aggregate, unadjusted gender differences in earnings,” calling Equal Pay Day a “bogus feminist holiday.”
A complex web of social and economic factors contributes to gender-based income inequality. Ryder listed a number of them: “adverse social and cultural norms; discriminatory laws and the lack of legal protection; the lack of access to financial, digital and property assets; [and] the overload of unpaid work on women.”
According to research by the Joint Economic Committee Democratic Staff, however, when other factors were accounted for, “as much as 40 percent of the pay gap may be attributed to discrimination.”
If 40 percent of the gender wage gap in the United States can be attributed to discrimination, it means discrimination costs white women 8.4 cents of every dollar earned. African-American and Latina women pay a higher price—respectively 16 and 18 cents of each of their dollars is lost to discrimination. On a salary of $50,000 a year, that's a cost of $4,200 for white women, $8,000 for African-American women, and $9,000 for Latina women.
In a statement responding to the House vote on wage gap data collection funding, ACLU's Senior Legislative Council Vania Leveille warned that, without transparency, “the pernicious gender and race wage gaps, and the discrimination that causes them, will continue to flourish.” It said the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission's data collection “would have deterred intentional pay disparities, facilitated employers' good faith efforts to comply with equal pay laws, and identified appropriate targets for federal enforcement of nondiscrimination law.”
Gender pay equality is a matter of social justice. It's also promoting economic development, something Donald Trump says he supports. Narrowing the gender pay gap is clearly something Congress and the President should support. As Ryder put it at the EPIC launch, “It is not only a matter of the right thing to do . . . it is the smart thing to do.”
WEYMOUTH (CBS) – More than three decades as a restaurant owner and ten years with Weymouth Police before that, it's tough to shock Kevin Hynes.
“I've never even heard of something this brazen,” said Hynes as he watched surveillance footage that showed a man walk into his restaurant, Stockholders, and walk out with a 250-pound safe.
Hynes wouldn't say exactly how much money was inside the stolen safe. He admitted, “It was enough to hurt.”
Was the astonishing theft muscle or something more? The surveillance footage shows the man in a hat and tan jacket as he enters through a side door and goes down some stairs, on the phone the whole time. “That tells me it was one of the employees, an inside job,” said Hynes. “Or it was one of the delivery guys.”
After less than six minutes, surveillance footage shows the man leaving with the safe tucked inside a trash bag.
“That's saying something for trash bags I guess,” said Stockholders customer, Dana Snowdale. “I need to start going to the gym he goes to,” added Jordan Snowdale.
Hynes said he's stepping up security at Stockholders. He has also purchased a new, heavier safe that's bolted to the concrete floor.
WASHINGTON -- GOP vice presidential nominee Paul Ryan accused the Obama administration Friday of treating Israel with "indifference bordering on contempt," the latest in a series of jabs on the president's foreign policy after attacks on U.S. embassies abroad this week.
"Look across that region today, and what do we see?" he said at the Values Voters Summit, an annual gathering of 2,000 social conservatives, at the Omni Shoreham hotel in Washington. "The slaughter of brave dissidents in Syria. Mobs storming American embassies and consulates. Iran four years closer to gaining a nuclear weapon. Israel, our best ally in the region, treated with indifference bordering on contempt by the Obama administration. Amid all these threats and dangers, what we do not see is steady, consistent American leadership."
Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney and Ryan have responded to attacks on the U.S. embassies in Egypt and Libya, where an ambassador and three other staffers were killed, with a critique on what they say is President Barack Obama's weakness. Ryan said earlier this week that "adversaries ... tempted to test us need to know that America is strong militarily."
But some polling indicates that a majority -- if slight -- thinks Obama is dealing with foreign policy just fine. Democrats have also polled evenly with Republicans on who is best to prevent terrorism, according to a poll released by Gallup on Thursday.
Ryan then turned to the economy, which he and Romney have tried to make the major focus of their campaign. "Values voters are also economic voters," he said. "The Obama economic agenda failed, not because it was stopped, but because it was passed."
Ryan was interrupted by three hecklers, who shouted "corporations are not people," then were shouted down by the crowd's "USA" chants. Two of the hecklers were quickly taken out of the room by security.
He went on to accuse Obama of making excuses for his record -- or refusing to discuss it at all. Ryan repeatedly said that the president relies on "straw-man arguments."
"Everyone knows that President Obama inherited a bad economy. And four months from now, when Mitt Romney is sworn in as president, he will inherit a bad economy," Ryan said. "But here's the difference. When a Romney-Ryan administration takes office, we will also take responsibility."
Ryan also attacked Obama for his recent defense of government, saying the president "looks to government as the great benefactor in every life."
"Our opponents even have a new motto. They say, quote, 'Government is the only thing that we all belong to'," Ryan said. "I don't know about you, but I've never thought of government as something I belong to. As a matter of fact, on the seven occasions I've been sworn in as a member of Congress, I have never taken an oath to the government."
His speech had few mentions of social conservatism, largely focusing on the economy, limiting government and foreign policy. He did, however, criticize the president for requiring employers to provide contraception as part of insurance, which many Catholic organizations and social conservatives oppose.
"Never mind your own conscience, they were basically told, from now on you're going to do things the government's way," he said. "... As Governor Romney has said, this mandate is not a threat and insult to one religious group -- it is a threat and insult to every religious group. He and I are honored to stand with you -- people of faith and concerned citizens -- in defense of religious liberty."
Ryan said Obama "has chosen to pander to the most extreme elements of his party" by supporting abortion rights and opposing against pro-life Democrats. He called for a law against abortion.
"Apparently, the Obama-Biden ticket stands for an absolute, unqualified right to abortion -- at any time, under any circumstances, and even at taxpayer expense," he said.
Washington (CNN) Officials at the National Archives and Records Administration -- the agency tasked with managing official government records -- were in touch with the State Department about plans to preserve former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's records shortly before she left that office, newly released emails reveal.
The emails were obtained by CNN through Freedom of Information Act request submitted to NARA in March, shortly after it was revealed that the former secretary exclusively used a personal email server while in office, preventing many from being archived until she ultimately submitted them to the Department.
One email in particular shows that concerns were raised two and a half years ago that any retention of documents on Clinton's part could create controversy.
"Before I forget," Chief Records Officer for U.S. Government Paul Wester told two of his colleagues in December 2012, "when we meet later this week we need to discuss what we know, and how we should delicately go about learning more about, regarding the transition plans for Secretary Clinton's departure from State."
Wester then refers to someone identified only as Tom who, "heard (or thought he heard) from the Clinton Library Director that there are or may be plans afoot for taking her records from State to Little Rock."
Read More
@Kingofthehill - indeed, all these shots are from the Inner City, none are from the 'burbs. I'm guessing what you call neighborhoods is what we call suburbs, i.e. outside the pre-modernist urban core.
Next time anyone is in town and wants a bit of local wayfinding, PM me That's some real good photography of my town you got there@Kingofthehill - indeed, all these shots are from the Inner City, none are from the 'burbs. I'm guessing what you call neighborhoods is what we call suburbs, i.e. outside the pre-modernist urban core.Next time anyone is in town and wants a bit of local wayfinding, PM me __________________
Forumers met so far:
Huopa, Nightsky, Jo, wolkenkrabber, ThisSideofSteinway, jacksom, New Jack City, LeCom, Ellatur, Jan, Dennis, Ace, Bardamu, AtlanticaC5, Ringil, Dysfunctional, stacey, karakhal, ch1le, Hviid, staff, kjetilab, Þróndeimr, queetz, FREKI, sander, Blue Viking, nomels, Mantas, ristov, Rafal_T, khaan, Chilenofuturista, Jonte Myra, safta20, AW, Pas, Jarmo K, IceCheese, Sideshow_Bob, sk, Ingenioren, Ayreonaut, Silver Creations, Hasse78, Svartmetall
Disgraced Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling has finally broken his silence over the racism controversy dominating headlines this week.
“I wish I had just paid her off,” Sterling told DuJour Magazine, referring to V. Stiviano, the woman speaking with him on the leaked recording.
Sterling also told DuJour Media Group founder Jason Binn that he's limiting himself to interviews with Barbara Walters and the NBA.
Also read: Donald Sterling Is a Victim, Leaked Racist Rant Tape Is Like Revenge Porn, Says First Amendment Attorney
An audio tape of Sterling making racist comments broke on Saturday; since then, he's been silent. Seemingly everyone else in the world has not. On Tuesday, NBA Commissioner Adam Silver banned Sterling from the league for life, fined him $2.5 million and recommended fellow owners vote to make him sell the team.
There is some dispute over Stiviano's role in Sterling's life: she was either his girlfriend, or his appointed archivist — depending upon which side you ask. Either way, she's the person Sterling scolded for posting Instagram photos of her socializing with black people. He also implored Stiviano to not bring African-American guests to his games.
Also read: Banned Clippers Owner Donald Sterling Has Cancer
Read the complete story at the DuJour website.
Killing Us With Kindness
After the police state and national security cult of the Bush years, it's nice to have our national security statism dished out by such a bunch of sensitive souls for a change. The Reaganites and neocons sent out goons in uniform to bash people's heads in, both domestically and abroad because, you know, they were all mean and stuff. The Democrats do it because they care.
Just look at the Obama administration's decision to name a Navy cargo ship after slain civil rights activist Medgar Evers. Can you imagine the Bush administration doing something like that? They'd probably have named it after some warlike figure from naval history. Not Obama. If our progressive Commander-in-Chief rains death from the skies on Iran (only because he had to do it to “stop their aggression,” dontcha know), those below can take comfort in knowing not only that they're being burned alive on orders from a progressive rather than from a nasty old right-winger — but that the ammo comes courtesy of Medgar Evars!
Now that's change I can believe in! I can't wait for the Martin Luther King, Jr. daisy cutter. Or maybe they can name every HK drone that kills an American citizen without trial after Thoreau, Howard Zinn, Gandhi, or Utah Phillips.
And the folks who were gassed, pepper-sprayed and clubbed out of their Occupy camps all over the country in the last few days should feel better that not only were at least two of the attacks (in Oakland and Portland) ordered by mayors of impeccable progressive credentials — they even received helpful advice from progressive little piggies at the Homeland Security Department and FBI of Mr. “¡Sí Se Puede!” himself.
That's right! Mayor Quan said that, just before she sent in her enlightened and caring stormtroopers to clear out Occupy Oakland, she was in on a conference call of eighteen cities discussing how to handle the Occupy situation. Better yet, according to Rick Ellis of Minneapolis Examiner, based on a “background conversation” with an anonymous official from Obama's Justice Department:
“… local police agencies were advised to seek a legal reason to evict residents of tent cities, focusing on zoning laws and existing curfew rules. Agencies were also advised to demonstrate a massive show of police force, including large numbers in riot gear. In particular, the FBI reportedly advised on press relations, with one presentation suggesting that any moves to evict protesters be coordinated for a time when the press was the least likely to be present.”
Afterward, Mayor Quan denied that the cities “coordinated” their raids; she merely “talked with other mayors to share experiences.” See, that's the kind of thing you can only get from a Democrat. She didn't talk with them about how to bust people's heads in, like a grouchy old Republican mayor. She “shared experiences,” like a New Agey Californian!
Of course, those of us in the South are quite familiar with informal meetings of government officials to “share experiences.” Like when several county commissioners get together for a barbecue at the county executive's house, for instance. And while they're sitting around sharing experiences and all, the subject just happens to come up of — say — what a great industrial park Uncle Billy Bob's pasture would make. Perfectly legit — isn't that what Oprah calls the Law of Attraction?
So folks all over the world, from Oakland demonstrators to wedding parties in Afghanistan, are finding out what Hope and Change are all about. Those progressive bullets hurt so much less, don't they?
Translations for this article:
Arizona's attempt to privately fund a $50 million border fence has ended in failure. According to the Associated Press, the five-year campaign managed to draw in only a fraction of the donations the proposal required.
The initiative was launched in 2011, during the state's frenzy of anti-immigration legislation (see also: the contentious SB 1070 law, which made it easier for law enforcement to investigate an individual's citizenship). Republicans in the State Legislature were desperate for a way to finance more border fencing without the help of the Obama White House. And so they decided to raise the money themselves, setting up a website to do so.
Five years and one recall election later, the state raised a grand total of $265,000, and the Senate president who spearheaded the plan has left politics.
Sheriffs from various Arizona counties will now submit competing proposals for what to do with that money now that the initial vision of a 15-foot, 375-mile fence will have to wait until a Trump administration takes power and gets Mexico to pay for it.
Kodak's prime competitor, Bell & Howell, released their own 8mm camera in 1935, the Filmo Straight Eight, which sold for $69. Unlike Kodak's model, Bell & Howell used pre-split 8mm film to produce an even more compact, lightweight camera. In 1938, the Universal Camera Corporation put out an incredibly inexpensive single 8mm camera for only $9.95, with a companion projector for $14.95. The overall reduction of size and cost, and increased accessibility made 8mm the favorite format for hobby amateur filmmaking, a format that would remain essentially untouched for nearly 30 years.
(This footage from Adena Burial Mound Excavation" shows an archaeological excavation in eastern Kentucky circa 1939. Note the lack of sound; sound could not be recorded on 8mm stock, although it could be recorded separately and added during the editing process.)
Declining sales in the late 1950s meant it was time for Eastman Kodak's research team to go back to work. Maintaining the successful gauge of 8mm, the next improvement would be in finding a way to increase the size of the film image itself. One of the most important considerations for researchers was how a new format could be kept compatible with reduction printing from 16mm originals, which were thought to be the best stock for premium quality color and sound. In 1962, it became obvious to Kodak researchers C.J. Staud and W.T. Hanson, Jr., that the best way to increase image size would be by reducing the size of the side perforations. This would yield a 50% increase in image size while still allowing for the making of 16mm reduction prints.
In 1965, Eastman Kodak released its new line of Super 8 film and Kodak Instamatic Movie Cameras. The cameras featured 50-feet of drop-load Kodachrome II Super 8 Film housed in a black plastic cartridge known as a "Kodapack." This cartridge was extremely easy to load, as the film no longer had to be threaded in the camera or flipped. Each Super 8 camera also had a built-in filter allowing "Type-A" (tungsten) film to be used in different kinds of light, eliminating the need for both "Daylight" and "Type-A" film forms. Notches on the front edge of the film cartridge would automatically indicate whether the filter was needed. These notches also indicated the speed of the film. The cameras themselves had a die-cast metal body and were operated by a battery-powered motor, which replaced the need for a hand-crank. Kodak's different models -- the M2, M4 and M6 -- had different lenses, with the top-of-the-line model including a 12 to 36mm zoom lens and reflex through-the-lens viewing. The models were priced at $46.50, $69.50 and $174.50, respectively. While Bell & Howell offered competing Super 8 models, Kodaks were unquestionably the most popular.
THE USE OF SUPER 8: NOT JUST FOR AMATEURS
Although initially cited for education, commercial and industrial use, Kodak's first marketing campaign clearly indicated its intention for Super 8 use in making amateur films. As Alan Kattelle writes in Home Movies: A History of the American Industry, 1897-1979:
The targeted market for the new product seem unquestionably to have been the amateur filmer, beginning with the Instamatic name itself, thus tying the product in the public's mind with the hugely successful Instamatic still cameras, which sold over ten million units in the first two years on the market. And with Walt Disney as salesman for the vast TV audience, Kodak chose a handsome little blond four-year old called 'Speedy Loadum' to demonstrate the product to retailers.... The message was: Super 8 cameras are 'FUN' and 'EASY TO USE!'
The ease, accessibility and affordability of Super 8 made it an ideal technology for home moviemakers. But Super 8 would also become indispensable for scientists and anthropologists. The addition of magnetic sound stripping to Super 8 film stock in 1973 would help solidify its role as an easily transportable and complete tool for use in capturing a "permanent" film record of the world's many different cultures.
Johnny Manziel will announce before Texas A&M's bowl game whether he will enter the 2014 NFL draft, Aggies coach Kevin Sumlin said Friday.
Sumlin said on ESPN Radio's "SVP & Russillo" that he has not yet talked to the Heisman-winning quarterback about his decision, but he outlined a timeline for Manziel's announcement.
"We haven't had that conversation," Sumlin said. "My job is to get him all the facts that we can get him. We'll have that discussion after the Missouri game, certainly during the bowl preparation. I'm sure the announcement will be made at that time."
Texas A&M concludes its regular season Nov. 30 at Missouri, and the earliest bowl affiliated with the SEC is Dec. 30.
2014 is the first year that Manziel, a redshirt sophomore, is eligible to enter the NFL draft. Manziel is the 13th overall player and third quarterback on Mel Kiper Jr.'s Big Board projections.
Chinalco has built a new town to rehouse thousands of displaced people – but some are determined to stay in doomed Morococha
They call the mountain Toromocho, which means "bull without horns". But to its new, Chinese owners, the name is irrelevant: the rugged peak is packed with copper, silver and molybdenum, an element used in alloys. It could be worth as much as $50bn (£30bn). Toromocho must go.
And so must the people living there. The nearby ramshackle town of Morococha is home to 5,000 people. With adobe and brick houses, intermittent electricity and no running or safe water, theirs is no life of ease; the town's got to go, too.
But not everyone wants to leave. Despite a huge effort by the Chinese to build a new town six miles down the road, locals are sceptical. Last month, police ejected dozens of residents from a roadblock on Peru's central highway, which passes the town.
"All this move has created is fights and divisions," said Aina Calderón, a 67-year-old lifelong Morococha resident. "The company doesn't respect that some of us don't want to leave."
Razing a 4,000-metre mountain or building a town from scratch: it's hard to say which is the more remarkable feat about this endeavour, which better epitomises the good and bad aspects of the booming world. The Chinese mining giant Chinalco will start scraping the landscape next year, having bought the land for $860m and invested $2.2bn in the mine. The old town will be swallowed up by the opencast mine's crater, from which will be extracted 1m tonnes of copper, 10,000 tonnes of molybdenum and 4m ounces of silver every year for 35 years.
No less impressive is the urban order of Carhuacoto. Company officials say it is the most planned town in Peru. Carhuacoto has street lighting, green areas, a modern sewage system and a state-of-the-art waste-water treatment plant. It has a canal built to prevent the town being flooded if a nearby dyke collapses in an earthquake. It also has a police station, a health clinic, spacious, well-equipped primary and secondary schools and, rather amazingly, seven churches, to cater for faiths ranging from Roman Catholicism to Jehovah's Witnesses. The only thing it lacks, so far, is people.
The vast majority of the residents who were tenants in Morococha will become rent-free homeowners for the first time in Carhuacoto. The Chinese firm is even paying for lorries to move their belongings to 1,050 new two-storey homes with 24-hour electricity and indoor plumbing.
But some residents, such as Zuly Espinoza, a 22-year-old miner's wife with an infant son, say they have not been allocated a house in Carhuacoto. "There's not enough houses. Where will we go when they destroy the town?" she asked. Others claim incomers have moved into the old town just so they can win a rent-free home in the new one.
Lisette Meza, community relations manager for Chinalco, said complaints from those who said they had not got houses would be evaluated. "There are a lot of expectations with a project as big as Toromocho," she said. But the process had been "transcendental", because it was the first time civil society had worked so closely with a mining firm in Peru.
Chinalco has been thorough in trying to earn its "social licence" – trying to buck the trend of multibillion-dollar investments being stalled by conflicts with local communities in Peru's decade-long mining bonanza. The biggest mining investment in the country's history, the $4.8bn planned Conga mine, has been paralysed by local opposition. Official figures show 17 people have been killed in conflicts since President Ollanta Humala took office in July 2011, compared with 191 under his predecessor, Alan García. There were 167 conflicts over natural resources in October, according to Peru's human rights ombudsman, La Defensoría del Pueblo.
To that end, Chinalco has employed Social Capital Group, a consultancy that says it promotes the "social sustainability of large-scale projects". The firm has worked with universities and technical institutes to train Morococha residents in running small businesses, as well as running health and education programmes.
"With a planned consensual relocation of a town, Chinalco is really trying to raise the standard in the industry," says Cynthia Sanborn, a US academic and author of a book on Chinese mining in Peru. "There are other companies in Peru which have to move towns and people out of the way, and everyone is watching this experience to see how it goes," she said.
Gradually, families are moving in. Some complain their new homes are too small, even though they come with a detachable roof so a third floor can be added. But others were happy to leave the old town. "We always lacked basic services in Morococha, no matter who the mayor was," said Felix Quispe, a metalworker who has turned half of his new home into a workshop. "The move means a better future for us."
In Morococha, removals workers traipse in and out of the gloom of Cesar Llauce's damp, single-storey terrace as his four-year-old grandson stands by the doorway holding a toy microphone. "We're tired of the discomfort. We want a better life over there," he said. "It's a little sad – my children grew up here. But I hope the move will be better for us and all our neighbours."
But while some families are moving several hundred residents are still reluctant to go. The town's mayor of eight years, Marcial Salomé, wants Chinalco to pay compensation of $300m to the town for the "loss of identity, culture and tradition" from the move.
The figure was negotiable, but the issue of guaranteed jobs for all the new residents was not, he said. "The new home is not going to provide money so that a father can feed and educate his children. The company must give those fathers work: stable, permanent positions."
A company official said: "Chinalco won't force anyone to leave." But anyone remaining, he added, would have eight years before the crater reached town.
New project management articles published on the web during the week of October 27 – November 2. We give you a high-level view so you can read what interests you. Recommended:
PM Best Practices
The second edition of Women Testers Magazine is now available. Not just for women or testers – this is some truly excellent content. Highly recommended!
John Goodpasture considers two views of “architecture.”
A Business Cloud News survey found that IT isn't really driving SaaS adoption, and cloud-based applications are still providing data security challenges.
Andy Jordan concludes his long series on organizational risk management.
Johanna Rothman lays out an approach for tactical management.
Bruce Benson makes the case for getting into the weeds – researching the history, understanding past performance, and scheduling based on demonstrated capabilities.
Rebecca Mayville uses the butterfly as a metaphor for driving positive change.
Michelle Stronach recounts a sad story of how she took over a project in progress, from a well-liked, competent project manager who passed away.
Agile Methods
Kailash Awati describes how to apply the principles of emergent design to enterprise IT.
Glen Alleman shares his article, “Agile Program Management,” published in Cutter Journal. A long but excellent read.
Mike Cohn continues his series on sprint planning with the commitment-driven approach.
David Anderson notes that, as soon as organizations get used to time-boxing, they shrink the size of the boxes. Kanban (naturally) avoids this trap!
Don Kim believes that the Scrum team will only succeed if the Product Owner truly understands what is needed and can communicate it effectively.
Ravi Nihesh Srivastava proposes using Scrum to produce a high-quality technical proposal.
Leadership
Bob Tarne summarizes keys points from a recent presentation by Tom Peters.
Elizabeth Harrin interviews Oana Krogh-Nielsen, Head of the PMO for the National Electrification Program for the Danish rail system, Banedanmark.
Bruce Harpham interviews Terry Schmidt, whose resume begins with his internship at NASA during the Apollo Moon landing program, on strategic project management.
Podcasts and Videos
Cornelius Fichtner interviews Joseph Flahiff at the PMI Global Congress, on his new book, “Being Agile in a Waterfall World.” Just 30 minutes, safe for work.
Dave Prior rounds up with fellow Agilistocrats Richard Cheng and Dhaval Panchal to discuss Agile misconceptions they see in training classes. Just 15 minutes, safe for work.
Margaret Meloni shares an article by Roxi Hewertson, “Lead Like it Matters.” Just 3 minutes, safe for work.
Craig, Tony, and Renee interview Em Campbell-Pretty on the Scaled Agile Framework. Just 35 minutes, SAFe for work. Oh, stop rolling your eyes …
Pot Pouri
Linky van der Merwe tells us about the African Storybook Project, which aims to translate children's stories into African languages and publish them on the internet.
Pat Weaver celebrates the 30 th anniversary of the PMP examination with a brief history of PMI, the PMBOK, and the PMP credential.
anniversary of the PMP examination with a brief history of PMI, the PMBOK, and the PMP credential. Ralf Finchett shows the Project De-Motivational posters he's been working on, and asks if we have any ideas. Wait until I take my medication, Ralf …
Kerry Wills finds the humor in Reply to All when “All” is the entire company.
Enjoy!
Share this: Tumblr
Pinterest
Print
Club and Alexander Andersson Agree to Mutually Part Ways
Armada FC Communications | Oct. 5, 2016
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. – The Jacksonville Armada FC announced on Wednesday that forward Derek Gebhard has been signed to a contract extension. Per club policy, terms of the agreement were not disclosed.
The 20 -year-old striker has played eight matches, 147 minutes and had one start so far this season. Gebhard has made his presence known coming in at key moments and making a difference off the bench. On Sept. 11, against Rayo OKC, he was subbed in for Alhassane Keita in the 85th minute, made a strong run down the line in the box and was taken down to force a penalty kick helping earn the Armada a last minute goal. He also earned an assist on the lone goal in the Armada's milestone victory over Minnesota United FC on Oct. 1.
Before joining Armada on July 30, 2015, Gebhard played with NPSL side Jacksonville United FC (now Armada FC U-23), Jacksonville FC (now Armada FC Youth Academy) and played a season with Florida Gulf Coast University in Fort Myers, Fla., where he logged 605 minutes in 16 appearances with one start for the Eagles.
The Armada FC has also mutually agreed to part ways with forward Alexander Andersson.
Andersson, a 30-year-old striker, signed with the Armada in June of 2016 but only made four appearances playing 335 minutes in total.
Before his short tender with the Armada, he played six seasons with Swedish second division side Degerfors IF, where he scored 22 goals in 100 matches, including 34 starts. Andersson also saw action in seven Swedish Cup matches.
On January 25 President Donald Trump signed an executive order denying federal funds to sanctuary cities, which are those jurisdictions that either won't help the federal government round up and deport undocumented immigrants or otherwise refuse to participate in the enforcement of federal immigration laws. This executive order debases the U.S. Constitution in three significant ways. Let's take them in turn.
The 10th Amendment
In 2007 the U.S. Supreme Court decided the case of Printz v. United States. At issue was whether the federal government could lawfully order state officials to enforce certain provisions of the 1993 Brady Handgun Prevention Act. The feds lost the case—and rightfully so. The federal government's actions violated the 10th Amendment.
"The Federal Government may neither issue directives requiring the States to address particular problems," declared the majority opinion of Justice Antonin Scalia, "nor command the States' officers, or those of their political subdivisions, to administer or enforce a federal regulatory program." In other words, the federal government may not commandeer the states for federal purposes. Scalia's opinion in Printz plainly forbids the Trump administration from ordering sanctuary cities to enforce federal immigration laws.
The Spending Clause
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution grants Congress the power to tax and spend. But this power is not unlimited. For example, it is unconstitutional to impose what the Supreme Court has called "coercive" conditions on federal spending grants to the states. This principle was recently affirmed by seven Supreme Court justices in the 2012 Obamacare case National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius. At issue was whether Congress exceeded its Spending Clause powers when it threatened to cut off all existing Medicaid funding to any state that refused to expand Medicaid in accordance with the new health care law.
The federal government's Medicaid expansion amounted to a "gun to the head," the Supreme Court held. "A State that opts out of the Affordable Care Act's expansion in health care coverage...stands to lose not merely 'a relatively small percentage' of its existing Medicaid funding, but all of it." That sort of "economic dragooning...leaves the States with no real option but to acquiesce."
Trump's attempt to dragoon sanctuary cities by threatening to cut off their federal funding is unconstitutional for the exact same reasons.
The Separation of Powers
The U.S. Constitution sets forth a system of limited and enumerated federal powers. The federal spending power (including the power to attach non-coercive conditions on federal spending) is located in Article I, Section 8. Open your copy of the Constitution and turn to Article I. You will find that it pertains exclusively to Congress. The limited and enumerated powers of the president are spelled out in Article II.
What this means is that Trump's executive order on sanctuary cities seeks to usurp a core congressional function. That makes it an unconstitutional violation of the separation of powers. Whether Trump likes it or not, no president has the unilateral authority to act in this manner.
In sum, Trump's attack on sanctuary cities is a malignant executive power grab that subverts the Spending Clause and tramples the 10th Amendment. It is an affront to both the text and structure of the Constitution.
Today, ESPN released players 26-30 of their annual #NBArank and Derrick Rose has finally checked in at #28.
Some may think the ranking is too low, while others will contend it's just right considering he has played in only 49 games since being named the 2010-11 MVP.
However, there is sure to be at least one person who disagrees, and that's Derrick Rose.
The Others
Ironically, the player ranked one spot ahead of Rose at #27 is the man on the receiving end of perhaps his most vicious dunk– Goran Dragic.
TixBlitz - Instantly "mockery." - Instantly buy BULLS TICKETS and save using promo code
Also ranked ahead of Rose is Joakim Noah's Florida teammate Al Horford who checked in at #26.
Coming in at #29 and #30 were Toronto Raptors point guard Kyle Lowry and Detroit Pistons center Andre Drummond.
Is Derrick Rose a Top Ten Player?
The argument will ensue until Derrick Rose proves he will be healthy for the long haul.
One man that believes he will return to stardom in 2014-15 is Sam Smith, who in an article today predicted that Rose would be named to the All-NBA First Team in his first full year back from two knee surgeries.
If he does return to top 10 form, then LeBron might be right in his assessment of the Bulls being better than his new-look Cavalier squad.
Do you think Rose will regain his MVP form this season?
What's still on your Cubs Christmas list? Infielder
Outfielder
Starting Pitcher
Reliever / Bullpen View Results
Can you believe it? This is so great!! Morrison & Foerster are representing TomTom in a new patent infringement lawsuit TomTom has just filed against Microsoft! I love covering their cases. Patent law is usually soooo boring to me, but these guys will keep me awake, and no doubt if I pay attention, I'll learn a lot. I'd already decided to cover the lawsuit Microsoft filed against TomTom in Seattle last month, and we'll cover this one too. Eventually one or both sides will probably file a motion to consolidate the two cases, either in Washington State, where Microsoft filed, or in Virginia, where TomTom has just filed its Complaint [PDF]. But they could also just lope along on two separate tracks. So far, Microsoft's statement, on both TechFlash, linked above, and in part on Bloomberg, indicates they want to stay on their home turf: "We are reviewing TomTom's filing, which we have just received," said Horacio Gutierrez, Microsoft deputy general counsel, in a statement released by the company today. "As has been the case for more than a year, we remain committed to a licensing solution, although we will continue to press ahead with the complaints we initiated in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Washington and the International Trade Commission." [ Update: If, like me, you were wondering why Virginia, this article explains the advantages to filing in what was the first state to be called The Rocket Docket. I assume TomTom figures Microsoft might want to drag things out, since it can afford to do that and TomTom less so, and Virginia apparently handles patent cases very, very fast.] What does it mean? It means TomTom intends to fight and fight hard. Microsoft always does that. So, it'll be a real dogfight. And we're probably going to get to see some fabulous lawyering on both sides. Not to make anybody nervous or anything, but it's exciting to see lawyers who really know what they are doing.
December 3, 2012 | 9:13 am
“I don't shop at Walmart.”
Talk about a loaded phrase. Five simple words, but issue them collectively and you effectively open a Pandora's Box of suggestion: Where you stand economically. Where you stand politically. How you feel about the environment. Or localism. Or capitalism.
It's like erecting a giant movie screen upon which other people immediately begin projecting their own principles; or their beliefs; their biases; their satisfactions; their frustrations.
I've experienced it first hand because, for me, it happens to be true. I don't shop at Walmart. But jump to the conclusion that I'm a bleeding heart, or an elitist, or that I only shop local, or that I'm a dyed-in-the-wool tree hugger who hates corporations and, for the most part, you'd be wrong.
It's more nuanced than that.
I don't shop there because I don't care to. I don't enjoy it. I believe that, everyday low prices aside, their net impact on communities — financial, social and environmental — is often a negative. And regardless of their phenomenal global success, I don't particularly admire some of the tactics that have gotten them to where they are today.
So I vote with my wallet. But you know what? I have that luxury.
Hard Truth
In working with communities, one thing I've learned is that the past is prologue while the story we're forced to contend with is right here in the now, today, defined by the challenges and opportunities laid out before us.
As an example, consider a small town in the Midwest. At some point in its history, it's most likely that Walmart came along. They probably built a store just outside the city limits and then undercut the local businesses on Main Street.
Even if those businesses were thriving at the time, they probably began to suffer thereafter. And in time, it may very well have come to pass that Walmart emerged as just about the only place in town to shop and, perhaps, even work.
Global power, local pressure. It happened, and we can't undo it. Today we find ourselves in its choppy wake, contending with the options of our present reality which — and here's where things get messy — includes the fact that there are people in our communities who don't have the luxury of choice. They need to put food on the table. They need to stretch a paycheck farther than it's physically able to go. Not next week, or next month, or in accordance with a ten-year plan, but tonight.
Frankly, as committed as I am to my own ideology and to more endearing, enduring and equitable communities over the long haul, there's no way I'm going to stand in the way of that.
Whatever the reason, if your circumstances lead you to Walmart, so be it. Tomorrow's aspirations aside, you gotta deal with today.
Systems Thinking
Love Walmart or hate ‘em, need them or avoid them at all costs, one thing is indisputable: They became the largest retailer in the world — an economic force besting 157 actual countries — because they're ridiculously adept at exploiting systems.
The problem isn't them. It's us. We set up the rules. We established the infrastructure. They made the most of it. And if it hadn't been them, it would have been someone else. Because that's the way our system is designed to work.
I'm not excusing it. I'm simply accepting it.
If we don't believe that Walmart (or big box retail in general) is in the long-term interest of our cities and towns — and keep in mind, in many places that remains a big if — we need to stop saying “Stop Walmart” and start asking “Why is Walmart trying to come here? What in our regulations or context or actions is incentivizing their business? What unmet demand are they expecting to fill? And can we retool our thinking — and, with it, our community — to serve that demand in other ways? Ways that provide greater economic opportunity for our residents and keep more money circulating locally? Ways that make healthy food accessible at prices people can afford?”
Over time, in the course of such questions, perhaps a new system will emerge. One where the fulfillment of our price and product needs is better served on a smaller, more interdependent scale, breeding stronger communities rather than weaker ones.
New System, New Outcomes
Does they will exist for this kind of consuming systemic change? Do communities really think about long-term prospects so long as there are convenient and affordable places to buy the things they need? I don't know. But I do know that trying is better for our collective fate than simply waving picket signs and pushing the behemoth off on someone else.
As I've written before , pitting neighbor against neighbor, ideology against ideology, is no way to improve a community. Long term success is rooted in shared interests, not warring factions. I feel absolutely no desire to tell people who need Walmart — or even those who simply choose Walmart — that they're wrong. Those are their choices to make.
But the prospect of helping communities find ways to exist, even thrive, in a world beyond Walmart? Where the drivers of choice — be they price, convenience, style, or whatever — are satisfied locally or in ways that reinforce community resilience? Now that's a challenge to sink some teeth into.
If you, like me, are uncomfortable with the socioeconomic implications — especially short-term — of anti-Walmart hysterics, here's your opportunity to abandon the Party of No and begin finding ways to build a better mousetrap. Check out these areas you may want to investigate further:
Land Use Regulations: Zoning is the DNA of the built environment. If your regulations encourage sprawl through single-use zoning and metrics suited to a high-volume, auto-dominated customer base, then that's the type of business you're going to attract.
Transportation Patterns: Today's retail business models are based on traffic counts made possible by arterial-based street networks. What can you do to encourage more connected, walkable and dispersed traffic patterns where you live?
Tax Incentives: If municipalities are willing to incentivize a retailer like Walmart, lured by the promise of jobs and increased tax base, could that same system be retooled to focus — or also focus — internally, serving to incubate local resources and talent?
Systemic Obstacles: What are the barriers standing in the way of local interests, rather than outside operations, rising to meet consumer demands and what can local government do to reduce or eliminate them?
The system that fosters Walmart is not part of the natural order. It's not an eternal and unchanging truth we must contend with. We created it, and we can revise or even recreate it if we so choose.
For now, we're in a position to take these matters on by choice. To proactively create communities of more robust networks and increased opportunities. But in a world of depleting energy resources, crazy climate, and polarized politics, that may not always be the case. We may simply wake up one day and find that the present system has failed and Walmart's fleet of rolling inventory will no longer be dropping by.
Where will that leave the complacent? What will be the fate of those communities presently focused on the promise of “no” rather than on the hard work of change?
There's still time. Commit to the better mousetrap.
–Scott Doyon
If PlaceShakers is our soapbox, our Facebook page is where we step down, grab a drink and enjoy a little conversation. Looking for a heads-up on the latest community-building news and perspective from around the web? Click through and “Like” us and we'll keep you in the loop.
Sprint today announced that it will purchase Clearwire outright for $2.97 per share, or roughly $2.2 billion. Although the deal still has to pass through regulatory approval, Sprint calls the agreement "definitive" and has outlined its plans for the carrier: as expected, it will use Clearwire's 2.5 GHz spectrum to augment its 4G LTE network. Clearwire CEO and President Erik Prusch said that the move was "the best path forward" for his company. In a written statement accompanying the announcement, Sprint CEO Dan Hesse said:
"Today's transaction marks yet another significant step in Sprint's improved competitive position and ability to offer customers better products, more choices and better services. Sprint is uniquely positioned to maximize the value of Clearwire's spectrum and efficiently deploy it to increase Sprint's network capacity. We believe this transaction, particularly when leveraged with our SoftBank relationship, is further validation of our strategy and allows Sprint to control its network destiny."
The $2.2 billion purchase is around $100 million larger than Sprint's initial offer for the shares. Today's takeover comes just two months after the carrier acquired a controlling stake in Clearwire. At the time, Sprint's owner SoftBank reportedly declared that it wanted full control over Clearwire's "vast reserves of spectrum." Despite already owning around 50 percent of Clearwire's shares, Sprint still needed the approval of the majority of the remaining shareholders for the acquisition to be approved.
The clock, the spool, and the snake: a common mechanism gives shape to living beings
This is a diagram of the mechanism for form. The blue whale and the earth worm owe their form to the same biological mechanism. EPFL researchers have discovered the secret. Credit: Infographic courtesy of Pascal Coderay, EPFL
Why don't our arms grow from the middle of our bodies? The question isn't as trivial as it appears. Vertebrae, limbs, ribs, tailbone ... in only two days, all these elements take their place in the embryo, in the right spot and with the precision of a Swiss watch. Intrigued by the extraordinary reliability of this mechanism, biologists have long wondered how it works. Now, researchers at EPFL (Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne) and the University of Geneva (Unige) have solved the mystery. Their discovery will be published October 13, 2011 in the journal Science.
The embryo is built one layer at a time
During the development of an embryo, everything happens at a specific moment. In about 48 hours, it will grow from the top to the bottom, one slice at a time – scientists call this the embryo's segmentation. "We're made up of thirty-odd horizontal slices," explains Denis Duboule, a professor at EPFL and Unige. "These slices correspond more or less to the number of vertebrae we have."
Every hour and a half, a new segment is built. The genes corresponding to the cervical vertebrae, the thoracic vertebrae, the lumbar vertebrae and the tailbone become activated at exactly the right moment one after another. "If the timing is not followed to the letter, you'll end up with ribs coming off your lumbar vertebrae," jokes Duboule. How do the genes know how to launch themselves into action in such a perfectly synchronized manner? "We assumed that the DNA played the role of a kind of clock. But we didn't understand how."
When DNA acts like a mechanical clock
Very specific genes, known as "Hox," are involved in this process. Responsible for the formation of limbs and the spinal column, they have a remarkable characteristic. "Hox genes are situated one exactly after the other on the DNA strand, in four groups. First the neck, then the thorax, then the lumbar, and so on," explains Duboule. "This unique arrangement inevitably had to play a role."
The process is astonishingly simple. In the embryo's first moments, the Hox genes are dormant, packaged like a spool of wound yarn on the DNA. When the time is right, the strand begins to unwind. When the embryo begins to form the upper levels, the genes encoding the formation of cervical vertebrae come off the spool and become activated. Then it is the thoracic vertebrae's turn, and so on down to the tailbone. The DNA strand acts a bit like an old-fashioned computer punchcard, delivering specific instructions as it progressively goes through the machine.
"A new gene comes out of the spool every ninety minutes, which corresponds to the time needed for a new layer of the embryo to be built," explains Duboule. "It takes two days for the strand to completely unwind; this is the same time that's needed for all the layers of the embryo to be completed."
This system is the first "mechanical" clock ever discovered in genetics. And it explains why the system is so remarkably precise.
This discovery is the result of many years of work. Under the direction of Duboule and Daniël Noordermeer, the team analyzed thousands of Hox gene spools. With assistance from the Swiss Institute for Bioinformatics, the scientists were able to compile huge quantities of data and model the structure of the spool and how it unwinds over time.
The snake: a veritable vertebral assembly line
The process discovered at EPFL is shared by numerous living beings, from humans to some kinds of worms, from blue whales to insects. The structure of all these animals – the distribution of their vertebrae, limbs and other appendices along their bodies – is programmed like a sheet of player-piano music by the sequence of Hox genes along the DNA strand.
The sinuous body of the snake is a perfect illustration. A few years ago, Duboule discovered in these animals a defect in the Hox gene that normally stops the vertebrae-making process.
"Now we know what's happening. The process doesn't stop, and the snake embryo just keeps on making vertebrae, all identical, until the process just runs out of steam."
The Hox clock is a demonstration of the extraordinary complexity of evolution. One notable property of the mechanism is its extreme stability, explains Duboule. "Circadian or menstrual clocks involve complex chemistry. They can thus adapt to changing contexts, but in a general sense are fairly imprecise. The mechanism that we have discovered must be infinitely more stable and precise. Even the smallest change would end up leading to the emergence of a new species."
###
Ecole Polytechnique F�d�rale de Lausanne: http://www.epfl.ch/index.en.html
The Breakdown explains what's behind Southern California business and economic news. It describes the effects the headlines have on you: whether you're an investor, a business owner, an employee, homeowner, consumer or just someone who wants to know how to save a buck.
If you live in Glendale, your car insurance premiums are the highest in the state.
Single drivers in Glendale paid $1,823 in 2013, 62 percent over the average cost of annual premiums for basic liability car insurance in California, according to a study by ValuePenguin, a consumer finance website. The firm's study analyzed auto insurance rates in California in 2013.
Auto insurance is determined through a variety of factors that include years of driving experience, driving safety record and the location of where their car is garaged. That location is where Glendale's high costs come into play.
The city's residents pay more for car insurance because there are more accidents that result in bodily injury there, said Ting Pen, the study's author and a co-founder of ValuePenguin. The city also has a high number of accidents with uninsured or underinsured drivers, she said.
Pen's study analyzed car insurance across 270 zip codes and 52 companies, using information from the California Department of Insurance. After Glendale, the next four highest cities for car insurance were Los Angeles, Inglewood, Culver City, and Santa Monica. The cheapest city for car insurance was Calexico, the study said.
For single car insurance, the study assumed a driver used a 2012 Toyota Camry LE with 8,000 miles.
RELATED: L.A. drivers second most accident-prone in U.S., says Allstate
Drivers in L.A. pay more than those in S.F.
In the study, many Southern California cities like Glendale, Los Angeles and Inglewood, had higher car insurance premiums than Northern California cities. For example, San Francisco placed 20th out of 210 cities, when ranked by cities with the most expensive auto insurance rates.
Insurance Information Network of California spokesman Pete Moraga said insurance agencies base their rates on risk.
"In Southern California, because our cities are so congested, we have so much traffic. We have higher rates of auto theft, higher rates of accidents," Moraga said. "In Southern California's bigger cities, you're going to see higher rates for insurance."
How consumers can reduce their car insurance
There are ways consumers can try to reduce their auto insurance costs.
Pen said consumers should shop around. She said in her research, the cost can range by as much as three times between the cheapest and most expensive auto insurance rates.
She also encouraged drivers to look for discounts. Some include lower rates for married couples, for students who get good grades and for drivers who reduce the number of miles driven in their cars. And course, there's always the good driver discount -- which can apply when a person's DMV record is free of traffic violations or accidents.
Below is a chart of the top 20 cities ranked by the amount of money spent on annual basic liability auto insurance premiums. The information is from ValuePenguin's study.
Sometimes during development, you end up doing things you hadn't initially planned on doing. Fleshing out player-faction relationships is one of those things. It was something I knew I'd have to look at eventually - the current system having two attitudes towards the player – “meh” and “shoot first and don't ask questions”, with nothing in between, was definitely not going to hold up. Initially, though, it didn't seem connected to the economy and events systems, which are the focus of the upcoming release. So, how did faction relationships get dragged into this?
With the introduction of trade and events, player actions carry more meaning than they did before. A successful trade run contributes to the stability of the markets involved; more so if the markets are small. Smuggling can be a hugely destabilizing force. A food shortage has long-term consequences, which depend on how severe it is, which in turn depends on whether the player got involved, and if so, how. Markets declare bounties when hostile fleets are doing damage to the economy, and so collecting on those bounties – by removing said fleets – has a real impact as well.
Not all of these are earth-shaking, and there's still some work to do on making the consequences more pronounced and more clear. One way to do that that is to make other inhabitants of the world notice, and react to, your actions. It's a clear way for the game to say “what you just did matters”. Provided that your standing with a faction has a tangible effect, it also increases how much it matters. We get improved clarity and increased impact – a win/win! Factions having more nuanced attitudes and responses to your actions also increases their believability.
This is all a long way of saying that if the player can do things that matter, it's tough to separate that from NPCs having appropriate reactions, and if those reactions are limited to “attack” and “don't attack”, that doesn't provide enough expressiveness. (Put like that, this seems rather obvious… ahem, moving on.)
If you're going to have more detailed faction relationships, there has to be some way to see what they are. Darn it, more UI work.
The New System
The core of the new system is, unsurprisingly, a range of reputation levels that describe a faction's overall attitude towards you. From worst to best, they are: vengeful, hostile, inhospitable, suspicious, neutral, favorable, welcoming, friendly, and cooperative. Internally, the relationship is still represented as a single number, from -100 to 100. (Why have both? Discrete levels are useful when you want to say, for example, “hostile factions will attack you on sight”, and also describe what the number means. The number itself is useful for when the player wants to see the exact impact of their reputation-changing actions, e.g. “increased by 3″.)
The player's relationship with a faction changes as a response to player actions. How it changes depends on the action, and this is where the system becomes more than just a scale with labels. An action can:
Change the reputation by a flat amount
Force the reputation to be at a certain level before applying the change. For example, attacking a faction will set your standing with it to “hostile” if it was higher than that to begin with.
Require that the reputation be above or below a certain level to even apply the change. For example, once a faction is vengeful, trying to improve your relationship will be difficult – most (or perhaps all) actions will have no effect. Likewise, a cooperative faction might overlook small transgressions.
Have a limit beyond which it will not change the reputation. For example, attacking faction fleets won't take the relationship below “hostile”, unless you also win and pursue their fleeing ships. Retreating immediately without doing any damage will not take the relationship below “inhospitable”.
These last two points have some interesting consequences – you can let “easy” actions have an impact on standing. For example, trading with a faction will improve your standing with them (and reduce standing with their enemies, if they catch wind of it) – but t's not going to take the standing above “favorable”.
Having an impact on standing makes trade more meaningful, and the limit is what makes it possible – by making it easier to balance. Otherwise, you might get trade as being the fastest way to unlock the rewards of high standing, or the fastest way to erase low standing (the latter isn't possible because trade doesn't improve the relationship if it's already “inhospitable”). Worse, it might not be the fastest, but only the safest, leading to a grind.
It's still possible to have other trade-related actions that can go beyond “favorable”, if that's necessary for a trading-focused playstyle to be fun or rewarding.
These reputation limits and requirements are tools that make it possible to fine-tune the role of each action. Does it make sense that selling galoshes to the Sindrian Diktat would be what finally makes them trust you? Or that it would be the final drop before their enemies start attacking you on sight? Maybe these were very high-quality galoshes, so… yes. The important thing is the system has the flexibility to handle either answer, and so makes it easier to add content that interacts with it.
Another tool in the box is making reputation changes from the same action have diminishing returns. Trade actually makes use of this, too; the first few trade-reputation points with a faction are easier to gain, and then it levels out. The goal here isn't to balance the long-term reputation gain from trade, as the limit sees to that. Instead, those first points let the player know quickly that trade has this effect, and the gain is distributed more evenly as the player levels up, instead of back-loading all of it to when the player has the capacity to trade in bulk. The same approach could easily be used to control long-term reputation gains for a different action too, though it seems to make more sense for an action that doesn't already have a reputation limit.
Effects of Reputation
Adjusting the player's reputation is all well and good, but it doesn't mean anything unless it actually means something, if you know what I mean. Let's take a look at what each level means in concrete, mechanical terms.
Favorable
Gain access to faction-specific military submarkets, where you can buy fuel, supplies, and weapons.
Welcoming
Higher-quality weapons available.
Friendly
Even higher-quality weapons available.
Cooperative
Best-quality weapons available.
The Hegemony military market, reputation – favorable. Most weapons aren't available yet.
Suspicious
No effect at this point; more of an indicator that maybe they don't like you a whole lot.
Inhospitable
Markets will refuse to trade with you, except for pirates, who aren't really a unified faction to begin with. Whether/how this applies to the black market and smuggling is TBD – that is to say, I'm in the process of working it out.
Hostile
Combat-capable fleets will attack you on sight. (This is the starting relationship with the pirates, and yes, they'll still trade with you.)
Vengeful
You know things are bad when the pirates don't want to trade with you. Right now, this category matters more for being impossible to get out of than being that much different from “hostile”. There's some room for more targeted faction actions against you (posting a bounty? an organized effort to bring you to heel?), but it's not concrete enough to really discuss.
Reputation levels may also have other effects in different areas of the game. For example, if your smuggling activity has resulted in an investigation, a positive reputation level results in a lower chance that you'll be found responsible. I'd also expect that buying ships will follow along the same lines as buying weapons; also in the process of working it out.
Conclusion
The details of how these interactions work aren't set in stone, and I'd be surprised if they didn't change after playtesting. It's also a system that's going to work best when there are a lot of actions to choose from, and you're not forced to, say, do the one specific thing that can get you out of “hostile” standing (currently: doing unpaid bounty work).
Looking at the actions, right now there actually isn't even one that can take your standing up to “cooperative”. How will that be handled for the next release? One of two ways, most likely – either temporarily making some actions capable of going that far, or by rolling the rewards from “cooperative” into “friendly”.
That's a minor bit of scaffolding, though, and all in all, Starsector is finally at a point where the amount of such scaffolding seems to be going down rather than up.
Comment thread here.
Tags: campaign, development, factions, media, standing, weapons
Six books, set in locations including Istanbul and the Austrian Alps, during periods as mixed as the great famine in China and the Angolan civil war, telling stories of a female friendship in Camorra-controlled Naples and of a Korean wife's transformative rebellion, have been announced as the finalists for the 2016 Man Booker International prize.
Man Booker International 2016 longlist includes banned and pseudonymous authors Read more
The Nobel prize-winning Turkish novelist Orhan Pamuk, pseudonymous Italian author Elena Ferrante, Chinese dissident Yan Lianke, Angolan writer José Eduardo Agualusa, Austrian Robert Seethaler and South Korean Han Kang have all been shortlisted for the award, which celebrates the finest global fiction translated into English. The winner will receive £50,000, to be split evenly between author and translator.
The six-book selection was whittled from a longlist of 13, and an original pool of 155 entries. With six different languages represented, and four countries – Angola, Austria, South Korea and Turkey – appearing for the first time, judges praised the diversity of an “exhilarating” shortlist.
Agualusa and Pamuk have both previously won the Independent foreign fiction prize, which ran until 2015, when it merged with the Man Booker International prize. The merge came with a number of changes: the Man Booker International now runs as an annual award, and recognises a single book. Previously the prize was awarded every second year to an author for their entire body of work, a tradition that Jonathan Taylor, president of the Man Booker Foundation, said had caused it to lose momentum.
Agualusa is chosen for his novel A General Theory of Oblivion, the story of a woman who bricks herself inside her apartment on the eve of Angolan independence and spends the next 28 years living off vegetables and pigeons until a child outside begins interacting with her. The judges called Agualusa's book “a unique portrait of a society in flux”.
The judges also named The Story of a Lost Child, the fourth and final novel in Elena Ferrante's Naples-set series, calling it “a veritable feast”. Despite making international bestseller lists, Ferrante has never been identified in public; her English translator, New Yorker staffer Ann Goldstein, only interacts with Ferrante via emails through her publisher.
Yan, who was a Man Booker International prize finalist in 2013, is nominated for The Four Books, a braiding of four narratives set in a labour camp before and during the great famine in the late 1950s. The novel took Yan 20 years to plan and two to write, before it was rejected by 20 publishers for its political content and banned in mainland China. The judges called Yan “one of China's boldest living writers”.
Han Kang: ‘Writing about a massacre was a struggle. I'm a person who feels pain when you throw meat on a fire' Read more
Han Kang is shortlisted for The Vegetarian, her first novel to be translated into English. The tale of a young woman whose decision to stop eating meat sets loose dark dreams and violence within her family, it was described by the judges as an “evocative and suggestive” book that “startles, for the depths of its strangeness”.
Pamuk joins the finalists with A Strangeness in My Mind, a love story set in Istanbul, seen through the eyes of a street vendor over four decades. In his review for the Guardian, Alberto Manguel called the book “a vast collection of characters, events, houses, food, objects that, the reader realises at the end of 600 pages, are summed up in the name Istanbul”.
Seethaler's A Whole Life, meanwhile, tells the story of Andreas, a man who spends his years in the Austrian Alps, leaving only to fight in the second world war, before returning to find that the outside world has reached his remote valley home. The judges called Seethaler's novel “superbly crafted … a literary gem”.
Chaired by writer and critic Boyd Tonkin, the 2016 judging panel consists of novelist and anthropologist Tahmima Anam; Professor David Bellos, director of Princeton University's translation programme; Professor Daniel Medin, who teaches comparative literature at the American University of Paris; and poet and author Ruth Padel. Tonkin said the shortlist “will take readers both around the globe and to every frontier of fiction”.
“Our selection shows that the finest books in translation extend the boundaries not just of our world, but of the art of fiction itself,” he said. “We hope that readers everywhere will share our pleasure and excitement in this shortlist.”
Anam said choosing the shortlist had sparked passionate debates between the judges. “In the process we each had to lose books that we felt strongly about, but in the end I really do believe we've come up with a shortlist that we can all be proud of,” she said.
Each author and translator on the shortlist will receive £1,000. The winner will be announced on 16 May.
The 2016 Man Booker International prize shortlist:
A General Theory of Oblivion by José Eduardo Agualusa, translated by Daniel Hahn.
The Story of the Lost Child by Elena Ferrante, translated by Ann Goldstein.
The Vegetarian by Han Kang, translated by Deborah Smith.
The Four Books by Yan Lianke, translated by Carlos Rojas.
A Strangeness in My Mind by Orhan Pamuk, translated by Ekin Oklap.
A Whole Life by Robert Seethaler, translated by Charlotte Collins.
• This article was amended on 14 April 2016. An earlier version referred to Yan Lianke as Lianke, rather than Yan, after first mention.
Microsoft quietly patched a critical vulnerability Wednesday in its Malware Protection Engine. The vulnerability was found May 12 by Google's Project Zero team, which said an attacker could have crafted an executable that when processed by the Malware Protection Engine's emulator could enable remote code execution.
Unlike a May 9 emergency patch for what Google researchers called the worst Windows vulnerability in recent memory, this week's bug was a silent fix, said Project Zero researcher Tavis Ormandy, who privately disclosed it to Microsoft. The previous zero day (CVE-2017-0290) was also in the Microsoft Malware Protection Engine, running in most of Microsoft's antimalware offerings bundled with Windows.
“MsMpEng includes a full system x86 emulator that is used to execute any untrusted files that look like PE executables. The emulator runs as NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM and isn't sandboxed,” Ormandy wrote. “Browsing the list of win32 APIs that the emulator supports, I noticed ntdll!NtControlChannel, an ioctl-like routine that allows emulated code to control the emulator.”
That exposed the MsMpEng engine to a number of different problems such as giving attackers the ability to carry out various input/output control commands.
“Command 0x0C allows allows you to parse arbitrary-attacker controlled RegularExpressions to Microsoft GRETA (a library abandoned since the early 2000s)… Command 0x12 allows you to load additional “microcode” that can replace opcodes… Various commands allow you to change execution parameters, set and read scan attributes and UFS metadata. This seems like a privacy leak at least, as an attacker can query the research attributes you set and then retrieve it via scan result,” Ormandy wrote.
Both Microsoft and Google did not return requests for comment.
“This was potentially an extremely bad vulnerability, but probably not as easy to exploit as Microsoft's earlier zero day, patched just two weeks ago,” said Udi Yavo, co-founder and CTO of enSilo, in an interview with Threatpost.
The fact the MsMpEng isn't sandboxed is also notable, said Yavo. He said most Windows applications such as Microsoft Edge browser are sandboxed. That means an adversary targeting Edge would have to exploit a vulnerability in Edge and then escape the sandbox to cause harm. “MsMpEng is not sandboxed, meaning if you can exploit a vulnerability there it's game over,” Yavo said.
Yavo also notes that while both bugs are tied to the same MsMpEng engine they exploit different aspects of the service. The vulnerability patched Thursday is tied specifically to the way the emulator processes files, whereas the previous vulnerability was tied to the MsMpEng's JavaScript interpreter.
Yavo notes another unique aspect of this bug in Microsoft's Malware Protection Engine. “The emulator's job is to emulate the client's CPU. But, oddly Microsoft has given the emulator an extra instruction that allows API calls. It's unclear why Microsoft creates special instructions for the emulator,” he said.
“If you think that sounds crazy, you're not alone,” wrote Ormandy of the API calls.
Microsoft did not issue a security advisory regarding this patch, as it did for the previous zero day. Users don't have to take any action if their security products are set to the default, which will update their engines and definitions automatically.
Indian and Chinese diplomats are racing to finalize negotiations over a border defense cooperation pact as Prime Minister Manmohan Singh arrives in Beijing for a visit aimed at tackling two of the thorniest snarls in India-China ties – increasingly tense border disputes and a growing trade imbalance.
The border agreement – expected to be signed Wednesday – would be a major confidence building measure between the world's two most-populous nations after a three-week standoff at the border earlier this year.
“The two countries already have mechanisms to prevent tension on the disputed border but this agreement could immensely enhance those measures,” says Alka Acharya, professor of Chinese Studies at the Jawaharlal Nehru University in New Delhi. Advance warnings of border patrols and greater real-time communication are among those measures, he says.
India and China share a disputed 2,500-mile long border stretching from India's extreme north in Ladakh to Arunachal Pradesh, known as the Line of Actual Control, in India's northeast.
In May, just before the new Chinese premier Li Keqiang's visit to New Delhi, India accused China's People's Liberation Army of intruding six miles into Indian territory and setting up a camp, prompting Indian troops to set up their own nearby camp in response. The standoff lasted three weeks, ending when India removed military structures the Chinese perceived as threatening.
The Indian Prime Minister's visit – his final trip before a new prime minister is elected this spring – also comes at a time when the opposition is criticizing Dr. Singh for being “weak on China.”
Historical distrust
India and China fought a brief border war in 1962 and have not been able to resolve the dispute since. China claims 35,000 square miles of Indian-administered territory in the east – which is all of India's state of Arunachal Pradesh – and India claims 14,600 square miles of Chinese-held territory in the Northern Ladakh region.
Tensions flared up lately because both sides have been upgrading military infrastructure near the Line of Actual Control. Some analysts doubt if the agreement to be signed this week is meant in any seriousness to resolve the border dispute, or if the agreement will be a temporary patch to hold over economic ties.
“In this case there is no indication that India and China are serious about resolution or negotiations. The focus is on maintaining the de facto status quo without having the political will to turn the current line of control into international boundary,” says Dibyesh Anand, associate professor of international relations at London's University of Westminster and an expert on China-India relations.
Trade deficit
Despite the border dispute, India and China have steadily increased trade ties. China is India's largest trading partner, and India-China bilateral trade stood at $66 billion in 2012, down from $74 billion the previous year.
Yet India's trade deficit with China has increased from $1 billion to $40 billion over the past decade, according to data from India's Ministry of Commerce. The deficit, paired with a decreased appetite for Indian exports of raw materials such as iron ore, is a matter of grave concern for India.
To allay Indian concerns about the growing trade deficit, China has proposed setting up a Chinese Industrial Park in India, which would help attract Chinese investors.
Singh told Chinese-state run Xinhua news agency in a written interview in advance of his Beijing visit that India “welcome[s] the idea” of an industrial park and that Chinese officials had been shown a few potential sites for setting up such a park.
Some economic experts think India's concerns about the trade imbalance with China are a distraction from tackling needed structural reforms: "Instead of worrying about the trade deficit with China, India needs to improve the investment climate in India in general so that all foreign investors, including the Chinese, look at India as an opportunity," says Indian economist Surjit Bhalla, president of Oxus Investments, a New Delhi-based economic consultancy firm.
"Developing countries often have trade deficits. What they should worry more about is their growth, in which India has lately been faltering," Mr. Bhalla says.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
The two Asian giants aim to boost bilateral trade to $100 billion by 2015. While India wants Chinese investment in its economy, it also fears its security implications, which has meant operational delays in basic matters like granting visas.
“There are most certainly some security concerns holding back India's acceptance of Chinese investment, particularly in telecom and telecom investment, but these can be allayed by building in requisite checks and balances in contracts. The whole world is trading with China and getting Chinese investments, and so should we,” says Mr. Acharya.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- An insurance company based in New York could bring 1,000 jobs to downtown Cleveland, reviving a largely vacant building and brightening the city's ailing financial district.
AmTrust Financial Services Inc. plans to create up to 800 jobs over three years and move most of its local suburban employees - 245 people in Seven Hills - to the former KeyBank Center office building at East Ninth Street and Superior Avenue.
The deal, which won support from a state tax-credit board Monday, represents a huge win for Cleveland.
The city faces the loss of big office tenants including Eaton Corp. to the suburbs. Meanwhile, companies including accounting firm Ernst & Young are moving across downtown, leaving swaths of empty space along East Ninth Street.
AmTrust will fill much of the 23-story building at 800 Superior Ave., part of a neighborhood that downtown boosters are trying to recast as a residential and business district called NineTwelve.
"We're eager to build upon our existing investments in Northeast Ohio and excited to be part of the urban renaissance in downtown Cleveland, which is in the midst of a sweeping and exciting transformation," Barry Zyskind, AmTrust's chief executive officer, said in a written statement.
Growth through hiring, acquisitions
Founded in 1998, AmTrust provides insurance to small and mid-size businesses. It is not related to Cleveland's former AmTrust Bank or its successor, Ohio Savings Bank.
The insurance company and its affiliates have operations in 22 states and overseas. AmTrust went public in 2006. Between Dec. 31 of that year and Dec. 31, 2010, the company expanded from 325 to 1,400 employees, according to regulatory filings.
Executives say the company, which has grown through hiring and acquisitions, now employs more than 1,500 people. The company's local employees range from its chief financial officer to accountants, underwriters, claims adjusters and information technology workers.
AmTrust has not said whether existing employees will move to Cleveland from sites other than Seven Hills, where it was advertising nearly 40 open positions Monday afternoon.
Cleveland would be the company's single largest office.
"This is game-changing for the local economy and downtown Cleveland," Mayor Frank Jackson said in a written statement. "Talking about jobs is one thing, but actually creating them is the real thing. It's rare anywhere in the country to create hundreds of new good jobs in one fell swoop."
A $20 million renovation project
AmTrust opened a one-person office in Beachwood in 2001 and bought an office building in Seven Hills in 2005.
In August, an AmTrust affiliate acquired the 800 Superior building and parking garage for $7.5 million through an online auction, after the previous owner handed off the keys to a lender.
Now the state, Cuyahoga County and the city of Cleveland are offering $23 million in incentives to help AmTrust remake the property.
The insurer will spend at least $20 million to transform the building into a prime office complex. AmTrust expects to occupy 250,000 to 300,000 square feet of the property, which comprises roughly 450,000 square feet of office space.
"It's a real anchor on Ninth Street, which we know needs some work," said Joe Roman, chief executive of the Greater Cleveland Partnership, the region's chamber of commerce. "There are a lot of vacancies, but here's a new investor in town taking an objective look at what's going on and deciding to invest and add jobs. I think every single investment on Ninth Street makes the next one that much easier."
AmTrust board members George and Michael Karfunkel are real estate investors whose properties house several AmTrust offices. The company and the Karfunkels found a deal on 800 Superior, a building that could accommodate AmTrust's growth in a location its executives like.
Ronald Pipoly, AmTrust's chief financial officer, said downtown Cleveland is on the cusp of job growth, aided by projects including a casino, a new convention center, the medical mart and the Flats East Bank development.
Public officials and business leaders said the AmTrust expansion is the biggest single-company boost for downtown's office market in years - if not decades.
"The office market downtown has basically treaded water for many years," said David Browning, managing director of the CBRE Group Inc. real estate brokerage in downtown Cleveland. "We had gone through a period where we lost many businesses that either left the region or went to the suburbs and the like. It's only recently that we've been able to pick up some nice job growth downtown."
State, local gov'ts support expansion
A state board approved an $11.4 million job-creation tax credit for the company Monday. That dollar figure is based on AmTrust's creating $40 million in payroll, generating 800 jobs and keeping 200 positions. The company also could receive $5 million in state loans.
Cuyahoga County expects to consider a $3 million loan for AmTrust early next year. It would be the first major loan from County Executive Ed FitzGerald's nascent economic-development fund. The loan, tied to new jobs and property improvements, would last 15 years and carry a 3 percent annual interest rate, FitzGerald said.
"We're talking about twice as many jobs as Chiquita down in Hamilton County is taking out of the state," he said of AmTrust's job-creation goal. "It's a big deal. . . . This is not a tough call. It pays for itself so much."
Public officials expect the average pay at AmTrust to be $50,000 a year.
The city of Cleveland is considering a $1.3 million grant for AmTrust and a tax-increment financing deal worth $2 million. That financing arrangement would tap anticipated increases in the value of 800 Superior to pay for improvements to the property - without cutting into tax revenues earmarked for Cleveland public schools.
Cleveland and Seven Hills have a tax-sharing agreement that will lessen the blow to the suburb as a result of AmTrust's decision to move workers. Seven Hills Mayor Michael Barth did not respond to a request for comment Monday.
The 800 Superior building will be mostly empty this year. KeyBank has moved employees to other downtown locations, and law firm Calfee, Halter & Griswold LLP is leaving for new headquarters on East Sixth Street. Now AmTrust will provide some additional security to small restaurants and retailers nearby.
"We're ecstatic," Kerry Riter, general manager of The Market Cafe on East Ninth Street, said Monday afternoon. "I think it's wonderful not only for the Market but also for the downtown economy as a whole."
Follow me on Twitter: @mjarboe
Muddy York Brewing Holding 1st Anniversary Tap Takeover This Weekend
TORONTO, ON – Muddy York Brewing has announced that it will be celebrating its 1st anniversary taking over a few of the taps at an east-end Toronto pub this weekend.
On Saturday February 6th at 6:00 PM, the Muddy York team will be on hand at The Grover (676 Kingston Road) where the bar will be pouring pints of Muddy York Porter, Gaslight Helles, Diving Horse Pale Ale, and Dereliction Double IPA.
The evening will also feature trivia, prize giveaways, an “old-timey photo booth”, and attendees are encouraged to bring a non-perishable food item for The Daily Bread Food Bank and contribute cash donations for East Toronto Families for Syria.
For more details, see the full announcement on the Muddy York website.
April 23, 2011 Hardware arduino, building, electronics, garden, powertools, wood The auto-watering garden
*please note the update at the bottom of this story if you plan to make your own garden.
I thought that growing your own vegetables might be a fun way to get fresh veggies. Come to find out though, these damn gardens are a lot of work! I was all like, “Oh hell no, no you didn't.”, and such. Later I calmed down and decided to automate the watering process. Here's how it went down.
The garden consists of two main components, the ground garden and the hanging plants. The ground based garden has rows of plants and two potted plants on opposing corners, while the hanging garden consists of four tomato plants hanging upside down in buckets.
The lower garden is watered in two ways, a drip line that runs along the plant rows and into the two potted plants and two misters/sprayers that drizzle water down on the entire garden.
The hanging garden is also watered in two ways. A line of sprayers along the top waters the inside of the buckets, which also happen to have herbs in them, like cilantro, basil, mint and chives and a set of misters that briefly, a couple times a day, spray down the leaves and stems of the hanging tomatoes since it's late in the season in florida and they'd probably fry otherwise.
The buckets are hanging on a steel electrical conduit. I cut semi-circles in boards on either side for it to rest in and used a locking pin mechanism to keep it in place.
A set of three valves controls water flow to the three different watering mechanisms; drip lines, misters and bucket sprayers. It's currently controlled by a cheap, standard 4-zone sprinkler timer.
The entire system enjoys a permanent connection to water and power. The water connection is a Y junction that allows for a standard garden hose to be used, still. The power is an outdoor outlet cover containing a wall-wart power supply. Both go through underground pvc pipes that lead to the garden.
Ok, wrap up time. The wires are a bit messy, I plan to do a little more wire management before I call it finished. Additionally, I'd like to make my own timing mechanism using an arduino instead of the standard timer, for a couple reasons. I'd like to put some sensors up and measure some things, like soil moisture, temperature, light and then water the plants accordingly. Also, it'd be neat to control the garden from a web interface. Finally, I thought that the addition of a motion sensor that set off the misting sprinklers might be a nice, humane pest control.
* I wanted to write a quick disclaimer here in case anyone else thought this looked like fun and would like to start their own first garden. I was warned by a redditor that for external pipes, a backflow preventer is important to prevent contamination!
Back flow description on wikipedia
Back flow warning
QJX8BYMNWEYV
π
Loading...
In an internal report police are advised to "darken" crimes such as car fires, and instead highlight the successful cases, reports Folkbladet in Norrköping.The report, commissioned by the national police operations department, describes how media give the grave impression that car fires have increased, which in turn has caused more car fires, writes Folkbladet.To overcome this problem, police are now prompted to "darken" crimes, such as an explosive increase in the number of car fires many places in the country, including a number of suburbs in the capital Stockholm. Instead, the authority wants to focus on the successful cases, according to the report.When Folkbladet asks the police if it's the media's fault that the number of car fires increases, the newspaper gets the following answer:- No, it is obviously the ones that lit the fires, but some people are triggered by being publicized, says Peter Wahlberg, police area manager.The report also states that the most important thing is to stop the fires, not to prosecute those behind the crimes. In Norrköping, there has been a large number of car fires in the city's so-called "sensitive areas," but not a single arrest by the police.Comment below.
This past Friday, as the market struggled to get its collective head around the potential supply chain disruptions resulting from the Japanese megaquake and nuclear crisis, Nomura Securities released a report detailing the status of various Japanese tech companies' facilities. Ars obtained a copy of the document, which gives a glimpse of some of the challenges involved in bringing the tech industry back online after this super-catastrophe.
The industrial electronics/semiconductor sector was hit fairly hard by the quake, and we'll give a company-by-company summary below. But first, it's worth looking at the potential impact of the quake on two specific areas: digital cameras, and Intel's coming transition to even smaller transistors in its processors.
For digital cameras, the report has a number of details that show that the quake may have an impact on supplies. At the Panasonic facility in Fukushima, where the company makes digital cameras, workers suffered minor injuries, and the site has been designated off-limits because of aftershocks.
Canon was one of the digital camera makers to be affected, with one of its lithography equipment and digital camera lens sites suffering "comparatively major damage." But the report claims that it's possible to transfer some production to another site. (Likewise with the Canon site in Fukushima that makes inkjet printer heads. Two other Canon plants have had their operations suspended.)
The big problem, though, is Nikon, which has a total of five sites listed in the report as having suspended operations. For the site in Sendai that makes the company's signature DSLR lines, the report notes as of March 14: "Damage to part of buildings, operations suspended. Currently investigating extent of damage and considering restart schedule."
The Nikon plant closures are not just a big deal for shutterbugs—it seems possible that Intel could have its 22nm transition plans set back by the closures.
Three of the Nikon sites that shut down make lithography equipment; these are the high-powered lens systems that semiconductor makers like Intel use to etch transistors onto their chips. Nikon made lithography equipment for some of Intel's 45nm plants, and for all of the company's 32nm plants. The lens maker was allegedly contracted to make some of the litho equipment for the upcoming 22nm transition.
Intel's official response is that the company is "continuing to monitor the situation in Japan." An Intel spokesperson told Ars, "Preliminary assessments are relatively positive from our direct suppliers, whom we currently believe came through this event in reasonable shape. Challenges in power and transportation infrastructure are evolving and we continue to monitor and interpret the implications to our suppliers." He went on to say that, "As a matter of policy we don't discuss specific suppliers or our relationships with them."
Other shutdowns: Sony, Toshiba, TI, and more
Toshiba has two semiconductor fabs offline, one of which looks to have been hit fairly hard, and the other of which is expected to begin reopening this week. Fujitsu has five plants offline, and the company was just beginning to assess the damage at the end of last week. A sixth factory that makes desktop PCs and servers is offline, and has had its operations temporarily transferred to another location.
Texas Instruments has two fabs offline, both of which make analog circuits for power supplies and the like. One of the plants won't be online until May, while the other is hoped to be up and running again by mid-April.
Hitachi has five locations offline, but power is being restored and the company is beginning to assess the damage. Fuji Electronics seems to have escaped relatively unscathed, while Mitsubishi has operations suspended at a plant that makes telecom equipment.
The consumer electronics/appliances sector was also hit by the quake, with operations suspended at five Panasonic sites.
Sharp's LCD TV plant is in relatively good shape, reporting no major damage; the plant's operations haven't been suspended, either—merely shortened due to rolling blackouts.
Sony was hit the hardest of any consumer electronics maker on the list, with production activity either suspended or shortened (due to power outages) at seven different plants, plants that make a range of products from magnetic tape, Blu-rays, semiconductor lasers, DVD players, and other components. Two sites that make rechargeable Li-ion batteries were also affected.
With the upcoming patch, we are making some changes to the FiveShards Weekly Series Finale. The biggest change is that we will start handling the finale within the client! While this has some benefits and costs, we believe the benefits drastically outweigh the costs and will make a much smoother experience for all involved.
Starting in September, instead of points, players will earn currency from the FSWS series. The currency, the FiveShards coins, can only be used to enter into the Finale tournament at the end of the month you earned them. The coins you have will be wiped every month. You earn coins in game at the following rate:
1st-2nd –7 coins
3rd-4th – 5 coins
5th-8th – 3 coins
9th-16th – 1 coins
To enter the tournament, you must earn at least 5 coins. You can play in either or both FSWS and earn coins for the finale. The number of coins you have earned will be available within the client and we will keep a running tally on hexmeta.com. The coins will not be tradeable.
The finale will remain single elimination, but instead of running two tournaments, we will now have a single tournament for all qualified participants. Month-long seeding will not matter and the tournament will pair players randomly. Given that we are collapsing the tournaments, the prize distribution will change as well to reflect this:
Prizes
Monthly Tournament
1st – 12500 Platinum
2nd – 7500 Platinum
3rd-4th – 5000 Platinum
5th-8th – 2500 Platinum
Streamer Prizes
5x Booster Packs
5x Booster Packs
5x Booster Packs
As with any live tournament, decklists will be automatically ported to Hexmeta.com and be available with 24 hours of the tournament completing. We will also keep an eye on attendance and may adjust the coins based on how many people are qualifying and playing in the finale.
See you all in client!
Like this: Like Loading...
Photographer Emanuele Satolli documented the height of the Krokodil epidemic in 2013. Three years later, he returned to Yekaterinburg to survey the damage.
Photographer Emanuele Satolli documented the height of the Krokodil epidemic in 2013. Three years later, he returned to Yekaterinburg to survey the damage.
Share this...
Linkedin
You can make Krokodil in your living room. Pick up some over-the-counter pain medication that contains codeine, brew it with paint thinner, hydrochloric acid and red phosphorus scraped from the strike pads on matchboxes and you've got yourself a cheap Heroin substitute for just a couple of dollars.
But the effects of Krokodil are even more devastating than Heroin itself. Injecting the drug kills the surrounding tissue, causing flesh to turn dark and scaly, like a crocodile's, while missing a vein can cause the flesh to bubble up and fall off the bone in chunks. Krokodil addicts often survive just two or three years.
Russia's Krokodil epidemic peaked in the early part of the decade and photographer Emmanuele Satolli arrived at its epicentre, Yekaterinburg, in 2013. After winning the trust of addicts, he visited them in their homes and cookhouses to witness the drug's terrifying effects firsthand.
One of the deadliest designer drugs to ever hit Russia, it's believed that up to a million people were affected by Krokodil and it spread remarkably fast in faded, industrial areas like the Ural region, home to Yekaterinburg.
After seizing around 65 million doses of the drug, a 23-fold increase from 2009, Russia's counter-narcotics agency lobbied for a ban of over-the-counter codeine sales in 2012 (although Emmanuele documented the raw materials being bought on the black market), which was successful enough for the agency to announce the drug's virtual eradication in 2014.
Three years after his first visit, Emmanuele returned to track down those he photographed in 2013. While the old hangouts and cookhouses were mostly deserted, only one of the recovering addicts, Pavel, had managed to leave Krokodil behind without wrecking his health. Others were gone forever, or carrying emotional and physical scars that will never heal.
How did you first get access to the Krokodil cookhouse?
The first time I heard about Krokodil was in an online video. It immediately caught my attention and I started to do research. I got in contact with a Russian journalist who had frequently traveled in Yekaterinburg to do research for a book about this drug. She shared with me most of her contacts and that's how I met with Lyudmila and Ivan who were working for an organisation that helps drugs addicted people.
Ivan, a former drug addict, introduced me to some drug users, and thanks to his past these people trusted him and started to allow me to stay with them. It was a slow process. After three weeks in to my first trip I thought that I would leave Russia without any pictures.
But then I got access to their houses and during my second trip, Zhanna, one of the girls I started to follow, told me that one of her friend wanted to meet me. Was Andrey an incredible and intriguing person who started to invite me to his house giving me incredible access during the cooking and the consumption.
Did you feel a connection with anyone you met? Did any one person in particular make a strong impression on you?
Definitely. I have established a special relationship and a particular connection with Oxana and Olya, two friends who were often together and also with Andrey, Zhanna's friend who asked to meet me.
Returning for the third time, three years later, I was very happy to meet again Andrey and Zhanna. Although, Andrey was at the hospital and seriously ill with hepatitis. Due to her long term use of Krokodil, Zhanna is no longer able to stand and lies in a bed. But they were still alive and that was the most important thing. While Olya unfortunately died before I could meet her again.
What was the most worrying thing you learned or saw while making the project?
One of the most worrying things I saw was the effect that Krokodil had on the people after it was consumed. After just one day there were people who were unable to talk or walk because the drug had strongly affected their brains, cancelling their motor or speech functions.
I was impressed by the almost total absence of any public policies to help the drug users. The only thing the Russian authorities are doing is imprisoning the drug users, worsening their conditions. Once they get out are often sick and victims of further discrimination.
What effect do you hope you work has on people who see it?
One of the reasons I started this work was because I wanted to produce a documentation of the Krokodil phenomenon for the countries not yet affected, but at risk. Among the various people who have been in contact with me about this project, there was a Brazilian teacher who has used my work to speak and warn their students about Krokodil, which has appeared in some cases in Brazil.
Returning for the first time in three years, I tried my best to tell Oxana's story: two years of Krokodil use have left her in bed, half paralysed and she will need surgery if she is able to walk again. I really hope that somebody will see my photos who have the ability and resources to do something to help her.
Find out more about Emanuele Satolli's work.
Enjoyed this article? Like Huck on Facebook or follow us on Twitter.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump attacked The Washington Post and Amazon on Twitter Wednesday, arguing that the online retailer was not paying “internet taxes.”
Trump stated on Twitter Wednesday: “The #AmazonWashingtonPost, sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS!”
It was not immediately clear what Trump meant by “internet taxes.” The White House declined to answer questions about the president's statement.
Amazon.com collects state sales taxes in all 45 states with a sales tax and the District of Columbia, according to their website. State governments have sought to capture sales taxes lost to internet retailers, though they have struggled with a 1992 Supreme Court ruling that retailers must have a physical presence in a state before officials can make them collect sales tax.
Amazon did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Washington Post spokeswoman Shani George declined comment.
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos bought the Washington Post in 2013. He made the purchase as an individual and Amazon.com Inc. was not involved.
Bezos was one of a number of technology executives who visited the White House recently for a strategy session on modernizing government.
Trump has taken shots at Bezos and Amazon on Twitter before.
In 2015, he wrote that Bezos bought the Post “for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, @amazon.” He added that “If @amazon ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The @washingtonpost scam is saving it!”
In a break from presidential tradition, Trump has so far refused to release his federal tax returns.
This article is about the Siege of 1631. For other uses, see Siege of Magdeburg
The Sack of Magdeburg, also called Magdeburg Wedding (German: Magdeburger Hochzeit) or Magdeburg's Sacrifice (German: Magdeburgs Opfergang), was the destruction of the Protestant city of Magdeburg on 20 May 1631 by the Imperial Army and the forces of the Catholic League. The incident is considered the worst massacre of the Thirty Years' War. Magdeburg, then one of the largest cities in Germany, having well over 25,000 inhabitants in 1630, did not recover its importance until well in the 18th century.
Background [ edit ]
Archbishopric of Magdeburg [ edit ]
The archbishopric of Magdeburg was established as an ecclesiastical principality in 968. In political respect the Erzstift, the archiepiscopal and capitular temporalities, had gained imperial immediacy as prince-archbishopric in 1180. This meant that the archbishop of Magdeburg ruled the town and the lands around it in all matters, worldly and spiritual.
Protestant Reformation [ edit ]
For a broader coverage of this topic, see Protestant Reformation
The citizens of Magdeburg had turned Protestant in 1524 and joined the Schmalkaldic League against the religious policies of the Catholic emperor Charles V in 1531. During the Schmalkaldic War of 1546/47, the Lower Saxon city became a refuge for Protestant scholars, which earned it the epithet Herrgotts Kanzlei (German for Lord's Chancellery), but also an Imperial ban that lasted until 1562. The citizens refused to acknowledge Emperor Charles's Augsburg Interim and were besieged by Imperial troops under Maurice, Elector of Saxony in 1550/51.
Protestant archbishops and Administrators [ edit ]
The Roman Catholic archdiocese had de facto turned void since 1557, when the last papally confirmed prince-archbishop, the Lutheran Sigismund of Brandenburg came of age and ascended to the see.
Openly Lutheran Christian William of Brandenburg, elected to be archbishop in 1598, was denied recognition by the imperial authorities. Since about 1600, he styled himself Administrator of Magdeburg, as did other Protestant German notables assigned to govern principalities that were de jure property of the Catholic church.
Alliance with the Danish king [ edit ]
During the Thirty Years' War, Administrator Christian William entered into an alliance with Denmark. In 1626, he led an army from Lower Saxony into the Battle of Dessau Bridge. After Wallenstein won this battle, Christian William fled abroad. In 1629, he fled to the court of King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden.
As a result of these developments, in January 1628, the Magdeburg cathedral chapter deposed Christian William and elected August of Wettin, 13-year-old son of John George I, Elector of Saxony, as Administrator. This meant little for the moment, however, as Augustus could not assume office due to his father's continued unwillingness to provoke the emperor.
Edict of Restitution [ edit ]
In March 1629, emperor Ferdinand II passed the Edict of Restitution. It was specifically aimed at restoring the situation of the 1555 Peace of Augsburg in ecclesiastical territories that had since strayed from "legal" Catholic faith and rule. Bremen and Magdeburg were the biggest examples of territories to be restituted.
From their own viewpoint, the Catholic League army under Tilly were enforcing Imperial law against heretic rebels allying with the enemy, during their 1631 siege of Magdeburg.
Alliance with the Swedish king [ edit ]
The city's councillors had been emboldened by King Gustavus Adolphus's landing in Pomerania on 6 July 1630 : the Swedish king was a Lutheran Christian and many of Magdeburg's residents were convinced that he would aid them in their struggle against the Roman Catholic Habsburg emperor, Ferdinand II.
Not all Protestant princes of the Holy Roman Empire had immediately embraced Adolphus, however; some believed his chief motive for entering the war was to take Northern German ports, which would allow him to control commerce in the Baltic Sea.
In November 1630, King Gustavus sent ex-Administrator Christian William back to Magdeburg, along with Dietrich von Falkenberg to direct the city's military affairs. Backed by the Lutheran clergy, Falkenberg had the suburbs fortified and additional troops recruited.
Engraving from Theatrum Europaeum , showing the fighting for Magdeburg's defense works
Magdeburg besieged [ edit ]
When the Magdeburg citizens refused to pay a demanded tribute to the emperor, Imperial forces under the command of Johann Tserclaes, Count of Tilly laid siege to the city within a matter of months.
The city was besieged from 20 March 1631 and Tilly put his subordinate Imperial Field Marshal Gottfried Heinrich Graf zu Pappenheim in command while he campaigned elsewhere.
In fierce fighting, the Imperial troops numbering 24,000 conquered several sconces of the city's fortification and Tilly demanded capitulation.
Assault and sacking [ edit ]
After two months of siege and despite the Swedish victory in the Battle of Frankfurt an der Oder on 13 April 1631, Pappenheim finally convinced Tilly, who had brought reinforcements, to storm the city on 20 May with 40,000 men under the personal command of Pappenheim. The Magdeburg citizens had hoped in vain for a Swedish relief attack. On the last day of the siege, the councillors decided it was time to sue for peace, but word of their decision did not reach Tilly in time.
In the early morning of May 20, the attack began with heavy artillery fire. Soon after, Pappenheim and Tilly launched infantry attacks. The fortifications were breached and Imperial forces were able to overpower the defenders and open the Kröcken Gate which allowed the entire army to enter the city, plundering its rich stores of goods. The city's defense was dealt another blow when commander Dietrich von Falkenberg was shot dead by Catholic Imperial troops.
Magdeburg burns down [ edit ]
There are reports of the attackers setting fire to single houses to dislodge persistent defenders. That the fire then spread all over the city appears to have been unintended. By ten o'clock most of the city was on fire. General Tilly sent some soldiers to save the cathedral, where 1,000 survivors had fled. Most of the victims in the sack suffocated or burned to death. The wind fanned the flames, in the end destroying 1,700 of the city's 1,900 buildings.
Out of control [ edit ]
Sack of Magdeburg - The Magdeburg maidens, 1866 painting by de] , 1866 painting by E. Steinbrück
Amidst this inferno, many Imperial soldiers supposedly went out of control. The invading soldiers had not received payment for their service and demanded valuables from every household they encountered. There were reports of gang rapes of minors and torture.
“ When civilians ran out of things to give the soldiers, the misery really began.
For then the soldiers began to beat, frighten and threaten to shoot, skewer, hang, etc., the people. ” — Otto von Guericke, Magdeburg councilman,
Of the 25,000 inhabitants, only 5,000 survived, at least 1,000 of these having fled into Magdeburg Cathedral and 600 into the Premonstratensian monastery. Tilly finally ordered an end to the looting on May 24, and a Catholic mass was celebrated at the Cathedral on the next day. For another fourteen days, charred bodies were dumped in the Elbe River to prevent disease.
“ I believe that over twenty thousand souls were lost.
It is certain that no more terrible work and divine punishment has been seen since the Destruction of Jerusalem. All of our soldiers became rich. God with us. ” — Graf Pappenheim, in a letter,
Aftermath [ edit ]
A census conducted in 1632 listed only 449 inhabitants. Much of the city remained rubble until 1720 at least.
Reactions [ edit ]
After Magdeburg's capitulation to the Imperial forces, there were disputes between those residents who had favored resistance to the emperor and those who had opposed it. Even King Gustavus Adolphus joined, claiming that the citizens of Magdeburg had not been willing to pay the necessary funds for their defense. Pope Urban VIII expressed his satisfaction that "the nest of heretics" was destroyed.[citation needed] However, the Imperial treatment of defeated Magdeburg helped persuade many Protestant rulers in the Holy Roman Empire to stand against the Roman Catholic emperor.
Notoriety [ edit ]
The devastations were so great that Magdeburgisieren (or "magdeburgization") became a common term signifying total destruction, rape and pillaging for decades. The terms "Magdeburg justice", "Magdeburg mercy" and "Magdeburg quarter" also arose as a result of the sack, used originally by Protestants when executing Roman Catholics who begged for quarter.
The massacre was forcefully described by Friedrich Schiller in his 1792 work History of the Thirty Years' War and perpetuated in a poem by Goethe. A scene of Brecht's play Mother Courage and Her Children, written in 1939, also refers to the incident.
Political consequences [ edit ]
Administrator Christian William of Brandenburg was badly injured and taken prisoner. He later converted to Catholicism and was released. He received an annual sum of 12000 talers from the revenues of the archbishopric of Magdeburg under the Peace of Prague.
After the sack the archbishopric of Magdeburg went to Archduke Leopold Wilhelm of Austria, the youngest son of emperor Ferdinand II, as the new Catholic Administrator. The Peace of Prague (1635) confirmed his rule over the city, but three years later, Swedish troops expelled the Habsburg army and restored Augustus of Wettin, (first elected in 1628) as Administrator as of October 1638. August finally took full control of Magdeburg in December 1642 after a neutrality treaty was concluded with the Swedish general Lennart Torstenson. He was then able to begin the reconstruction of the city.
The Archbishopric of Magdeburg was secularized and finally fell to Brandenburg-Prussia, upon August's death in 1680.
See also [ edit ]
In the story of the 1959 novel and 1971 film The Last Valley the Sack of Magdeburg marks a turning point in the life of both main characters. (The captain took part in the looting, losing his faith as a consequence, and the teacher lost his family who lived there.)
References [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
Marijuana Majority's Tom Angell notes that Chris Christie was not the only Republican candidate who recently indicated that he would try to shut down state-licensed cannabusinesses if elected president. On the same day that talk radio host Hugh Hewitt asked Christie whether he would enforce the federal ban on marijuana against people growing and selling the drug in compliance with state law, he put the same question to Marco Rubio. The Florida senator's response was more ambiguous (or maybe just more confused) than the New Jersey governor's, but it suggested that Rubio would enforce pot prohibition more aggressively than Barack Obama has:
Hewitt: A lot of people are criticizing the President for not enforcing the immigration laws. He's also not enforcing the drug laws in Colorado and Washington State. If you're the president, will you enforce the federal drug laws and shut down the marijuana trade? Rubio: Yes. Yes, I think, well, I think we need to enforce our federal laws. Now do states have a right to do what they want? They don't agree with it, but they have their rights. But they don't have a right to write federal policy as well....I don't believe we should be in the business of legalizing additional intoxicants in this country for the primary reason that when you legalize something, what you're sending a message to young people is it can't be that bad, because if it was that bad, it wouldn't be legal.
In comparison with Christie, who said he would "crack down and not permit" state legalization of marijuana, Rubio seems to be a bit more concerned about the limits of federal authority, perhaps recognizing that most Republicans, including a substantial share of those who support prohibition, do not think the feds should impose that policy on states that reject it. He is correct that the states do not have the authority to rewrite federal policy, but that does not mean the Justice Department has to step in when states decide to treat marijuana merchants as legitimate businessmen instead of criminals.
For the most part, the DOJ in recent years has been using its broad enforcement discretion in a way that respects such policy choices. Contrary to Hewitt's gloss, that does not mean it is "not enforcing the drug laws in Colorado and Washington State." In addition to enforcing the rest of the Controlled Substances Act, U.S. attorneys are still pursuing marijuana cases in Colorado and Washington, just not in a way that shuts down the state-legal industry. Rubio apparently opposes that policy of prosecutorial forbearance. By contrast, Rand Paul, Ted Cruz, Jeb Bush, and Rick Perry all have said that states should be free to legalize marijuana without interference by the federal government.
Issues of state autonomy aside, Rubio's resort to the same "wrong message" argument that Christie favors suggests he has not given the subject much thought. First of all, it is simply not true that people assume legal substances must be safer than illegal ones. In fact, more than two-thirds of Americans agree with Obama that alcohol, a legal drug, is more dangerous than marijuana, an illegal one. And given the big shifts in attitudes toward tobacco and in smoking prevalence during the last few decades, it is absurd to claim that people do not understand that legal substances can be deadly.
Even if it were true that legal availability implies a drug "can't be that bad," Rubio assumes that using violence against peaceful adults is justified to avoid sending "the wrong message" to teenagers about something they are not supposed to be doing in any case. That proposition is highly debatable, to say the least.
Sharda Ugra in Nagpur
For all the fuss around India's bowlers during this World Cup - normal service could well be resumed within 24 hours - there's another slightly underwritten set of numbers from its first four matches. These numbers come from the unlikeliest of sources: India's top order, from the prime batting positions in the short game, numbers one to three.
India may not have lost a game in this World Cup so far but its opening stands have read: 69, 46, 9, 69. Both Virender Sehwag and Sachin Tendulkar have scored hundreds in this Cup - Sehwag reminding Dhaka and the world that a 200 could come any time and Tendulkar following it up with a measured construction of an innings in Bangalore. Yet in the two 'gimme' games that followed - versus Ireland and Netherlands - neither of the openers nor the No. 3 Gautam Gambhir have built from reasonable starts and none of them have crossed 40. Between them, Tendulkar (38, 27), Sehwag (5, 39) and Gambhir (10, 28) have spent significant time at the crease, but have not gone on to dominate.
In a tournament that was supposed to be about big-hitting batsmen on wickets that were belters, outfields that were small and opposition that was tiny, these are underwhelming returns. MS Dhoni believes that it is the start from the trio that will enable India's explosive middle order a chance to play their A-game, which will be needed in what will be India's most revealing match of the World Cup so far: against South Africa in Nagpur.
In his pre-match pow-wow at the VCA stadium, Dhoni said the team was hoping its top order comes through in the rest of the competition: "If we have slightly longer partnerships at the top, the explosive power of our middle and lower-middle order can be used more in the positive way." Read as: if the top three get runs, then Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh, Dhoni and Yusuf Pathan will be able to do more than fire-fight like they did against Ireland and Netherlands.
MS Dhoni has said that bigger partnerships at the top would help India's cause
Enlarge
"If our openers can play as long as possible, it will be good for us... what we have seen is that if both Sachin and Viru get going, it gets very difficult to stop them," Dhoni said. And that gives India the launch pad with which to build those innings that will give their unthreatening attack enough to bowl with. He was quick to add that even though "we have not got very big [opening] partnerships" what was important, was "the way we have got the runs".
The struggle against the two Associate teams has given the batsmen who followed the chance to test themselves under pressure, but the top order now needs to give the team the legs to bat through the rest of the competition.
Dhoni said India's batting relied heavily on momentum. "So if we get off to a good start from either momentum point of view or time-period point of view, our lower order can really cash in." In a slightly roundabout way, he was referring to the importance of the top order doing something emphatic against the South Africans: either scoring at a rapid rate or occupying enough overs to give the hitters who follow a chance to crank straight into turbo mode. For the first time, Dhoni looked fatigued on the eve of a World Cup match day. His normally jutting-chin-square-shoulder self slouched over the mike, the tedium of fronting the press evident, even though his replies still came with the full range: from considerate detailing to cutting snub.
The batting, he believed, had gained much from its wobbly performance over four matches: India had set totals and it had chased. It had played on run-heavy wickets and then slow tracks. "We have got fair exposure as to what we may get in the coming games depending on the venue. The first four games have been good for us to get into the groove and be ready for the next leg of the tournament."
With India's quarter-final slot as good as assured, Dhoni said meeting slightly tougher opposition two games before the knockout was a blessing of sorts and gave the team the "liberty of having two extra games" on the side. We will see.
What the Indians need right now, is to get that elusive momentum going. There will be no better time for India's top order to jump-start it than against South Africa on Saturday.
Today, I did my first WorkHacks webinar.
I was super excited. I had my game face on. I even brushed my hair and put on a clean T-shirt!. I was ready to share my 7 Tips to Better Email with everyone.
Then…seven whole minutes into the webinar, I asked attendees to answer a poll question, not realizing that the poll window would stay on screen instead of my slides.
To make matters even WORSE….I had the webinar chat box slid over to the side of my screen (so I could see my own slides) and I didn't see your chat messages telling me that you couldn't see my slides.
So I didn't realize for a good 20-25 minutes that nobody could see the slides.
ARRRGGHHHHHH!!!
But, I really want to make it up to you.
Can I have the slides? – Yes!
A lot of you asked for the slides from the webinar. They are embedded below or you can download them directly from the WorkHacks Slideshare account.
Can you send the recording or replay? – I'm gonna redo it!
A lot of you asked for a recording of the webinar. Yeah……about that. Well, I screwed that up too. I forgot to record it. (Which, given the technical difficulties, may have been a good thing!)
So, instead of a replay…..I'm going to give it a redo.
I will follow up with a new date and time next week. And if you can't make the redo, I promise I will record it and share it with you.
Can you answer my question? – Yes!
You guys (and gals) asked some great questions. Below are answers to the questions asked during the webinar.
[highlight]Question from Stephen[/highlight] How do you feel about using the low/medium/high priority flag? [I personally never use it] Julia: Only if your house (or business) is on fire. Even then, I would add [Urgent] in the brackets. [highlight]Question from Sasha[/highlight] Do the subject line rules apply if you're emailing a newsletter out to a larger group of people?Julia: Yes and no. The [brackets] trick is still useful (I use it with my newsletter) but the practice of writing newsletter subject lines that get opened is both an art and a science. Unlike business emails, where the goal is to be brief and transactional, with email newsletters, you usually want the recipients to open the email, read the whole thing (maybe even a story) and then take some sort of action (click, download, etc.) so crafting an interesting subject line that gets opened is necessary. There are some great recommendations from Mailchimp Unbounce and Emma but it's always best to A/B test what works with your own audience. [highlight]Question from Tim[/highlight] Is there an app you can program to send out an automated weekly reminder e-mail to another person? Reme.io looks close, but not exactly what I need.Julia: Boomerang offers that feature . [highlight]Question from Tam[/highlight] What are your thoughts on attaching lots of JPGs in a single email (i.e. design proofs for clients)? To zip or not?Julia: For large files, use a service like Dropbox or Sharefile . You can host the large files elsewhere and provide your clients with a link to download. Trust me, they will appreciate it!
Michel Barnier, the EU's chief Brexit negotiator, gave a speech on Thursday morning setting straight some of the confused voices that he had heard from across the channel. The take home lessons: Barnier is well aware of the instability and weakness of the UK's position, and we should be under no illusions – Brexit is going to hurt. Here are some of the reasons why.
1. The UK has signalled its incompetence
Barnier explained that the EU has made three things clear, to reduce the uncertainty of Brexit.
First, “the free movement of persons, goods, services and capital are indivisible”. Second, “there can be no sector-by-sector participation in the single market – you cannot be half in and half out”. And third, “the EU must maintain full sovereignty for deciding regulations”.
These red lines preclude the “have cake and eat it” approach to Brexit. The government's inability to grasp the more basic elements of the negotiating process indicate that we are embarrassingly unprepared to negotiate a deal.
2. Barnier, and others, have noticed this signal
“These three points were already made clear by the European Council. But I am not sure whether they have been fully understood across the Channel,” he said.
“I have heard some people in the UK argue that one can leave the single market and keep all of its benefits – that is not possible. I have heard some people in the UK argue that one can leave the single market and build a customs union to achieve 'frictionless trade' – that is not possible.”
Barnier and others understand the confusion and incompetence of their negotiating partners.
3. Barnier is disdainful of Theresa May's approach
“For these negotiations to succeed, we will have to move through the successive stages one by one and keep our calm,” he said. ”There will never be any aggressiveness or arrogance on my part. And I recommend all to adopt the same attitude".
I can't think of whom this tongue-in-cheek comment might be directed at.
It's not just the Conservative government's understanding of Brexit's details, but their broad approach to the issue, that Barnier is concerned about.
4. Frictionless trade will be impossible after Brexit
“Only the combination of the internal market and the customs union guarantees the free movement of goods,” Barnier said.
“The internal market without the customs union – in other words the regime of the European Economic Area for Norway, for Iceland, for Liechtenstein – still entails a system of procedures and customs controls.
“Conversely, a customs union agreement without the internal market – as in the case of Turkey, also implies a system of procedures and customs controls.”
5. “No deal” maximises friction
Barnier said “no deal” with Britain would mean returning to a distant past: “It would mean that our trade relations with the United Kingdom would be based on WTO rules. There would be customs duties of almost 10 per cent on vehicle imports, an average of 19 per cent for alcoholic beverages, and an average of 12 per cent on lamb and also fish, for which the vast majority of British exports go to the EU.”
He added: “While leaving the customs union would in any case involve border formalities, ‘no deal' would mean very cumbersome procedures and controls.”
For some UK firms, Barnier said, this would entail “keeping their products in stock for three or four days instead of a few hours, renting warehouse space and increased transport costs”.
6. The costs of “no deal” will be borne disproportionately by the UK
"In practice, no deal would worsen the lose-lose situation which is bound to result from Brexit,” Barnier said. “And I think, objectively, that the UK would have more to lose than its partners.”
He cut through the posturing of May and others about the UK's ability to accept a “no deal”. He is well aware that such a situation hurts the UK more than the EU27. By explicitly making this point, he indicated that he is fully aware of the corollary – that it will weaken the UK's bargaining position as Britain can less afford to walk away.
7. The EU27 is very united at the moment
“I would like to add a special message for each one of you... You have played your part in establishing all the ‘rules of the game' that enable our competitive social market economy to function, and it is you who uphold them on the field of play, with the diversity that exists between your groups,” Barnier told the European Economic and Social Committee.
His hopeful rhetoric and praise for the EU's solidarity echoes the mood across the continent: Eurosceptics are losing ground politically, and Brexit has galvanised the ties that bind the remaining members. The UK's weakness and instability comes at a time of EU strength.
8. Each of the EU27 will scrutinise the process
“I know that you will be vigilant – as I will – to ensure that any trade agreement with the United Kingdom will guarantee fair competition and the protections we regard as essential,” Barnier said.
This will shrink the UK's room to manoeuvre – it looks like it's going to be impossible for Britain to negotiate a deal that hurts even one of the EU's constituent members.
Ousted Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi chanted, during a trial session on Sunday, in support of the embattled Gaza Strip where at least 166 people have been killed in Israeli airstrikes since Monday.
Morsi appeared in court for a session in his trial on charges of staging a mass jailbreak during Egypt's January 2011 uprising that led to the ouster of autocratic president Hosni Mubarak.
As he stepped into the courtroom, the ousted elected president started shouting in solidarity with Gaza, promoting other defendants to follow suit.
Morsi, Egypt's freely elected president, was ousted by the military last summer following opposition protests.
The Palestinian resistance group Hamas is considered an ideological offshoot of Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood.
Israel has launched a military offensive-dubbed "Operation Protective Edge"-against the Gaza Strip with the stated aim of ending rocket fire from the enclave.
At least 166 Palestinians, mostly civilians, have been killed in Israeli airstrikes since late Monday.
Protesters seeking to express opposition to the immigration and travel ban, and other actions taken by President Donald Trump, have received less-than-welcome responses from people at the district offices of U.S. Representatives Dana Rohrabacher and Mimi Walters.
On Tuesday, property managers at Rohrabacher's Huntington Beach office called police. And later that day protesters outside Walters' office in Irvine were locked out.
Protesters have appeared at both offices, and at the office for Rep. Darrell Issa, several times in recent days. In at least one visit to Issa's office, a representative met with small groups to discuss the immigration and travel ban.
No arrests were made in Huntington Beach. Why police were called remains an open question.
“They were going to come in, barge in and make it impossible to work,” said Rohrabacher spokesman Kenneth Grubbs. “They are the disrupters of the peace.”
But some who visited the office offered a different version of events, saying they were not disruptive and were simply trying to express their opinions to their representative.
“There was nothing threatening about what we did. We were quiet. We were respectful,” said Diane Valentino, 63, of Laguna Beach. “They barricaded themselves in there and refused to let constituents in.”
Valentino added the police were already at the office when the group, which he estimated at about 60 people, showed up. Rohrabacher was not in his office at the time.
The conflicts at local congressional district offices are just part of waves of national protests that have followed Trump's inauguration.
Last week, protesters showed up at Rohrabacher's office to discuss the push by the GOP to repeal Obamacare two days after more than 5 million people marched against Trump in Washington, D.C., downtown Los Angeles and dozens of other cities. Since Friday, the local protests have focused on Trump's executive order to freeze immigration and travel from seven Muslim-majority countries and those, too, have been part of a national pushback.
Local representatives could be facing more friction during the Trump administration than they have in the past.
There are 22 GOP-held seats in the House of Representatives in districts that voted for Hillary Clinton over Trump in the November election. Four of those seats are in Orange County, including Rohrabacher, Walters, Issa and Rep. Ed Royce of Fullerton.
At Walters' Irvine office last week, Kian Maleki, of Irvine, said he hoped Walters would be able to discuss Obamacare and other issues.
The Trump administration, Maleki said, “concerns me as a person of Middle-Eastern descent, as a person on Obamacare, and as a gay American.”
When Maleki and others showed up at Walters' office the congresswoman was in Washington D.C., and staffers declined to meet with the protesters.
“(Walters) is my representative, and we want to make sure that she knows who we are and what our concerns are,” said Jessica Riegert, a teacher. “We want her to meet with us.”
A Walters spokesman declined to comment on the record.
Emma Cushman, a recent college graduate from Irvine and a Walters constituent, said she worried that Trump's executive order to ban people from Muslim-majority countries might affect her loved ones.
“I have friends here on student visas with families in countries that have been banned. There is a lot of fear now,” Cushman said. “I want to know if (Walters) understands that this is cruel.”
Issa spokesman Calvin Moore in Washington said other staffers met with protesters in the representative's district office and that the meeting was “very productive.”
Issa, who represents part of south Orange County and north San Diego county, won re-election by a slim margin in November in a district where Clinton outpaced Trump by 7.5 percent.
“They voted Issa to represent them in Congress, to work together, reach across the aisle and put results first,” Moore said.
ROSEMONT, Ill. — Chlorine gas sickened several people and forced the evacuation of thousands of guests from a suburban Chicago hotel early Sunday, including many dressed in cartoonish animal costumes for an annual furries convention who were ushered across the street to a convention center that was hosting a dog show.
Nineteen people who became nauseous or dizzy were treated at local hospitals, and at least 18 were released shortly thereafter.
The source of the gas was apparently chlorine powder left in a ninth-floor stairwell at the Hyatt Regency O'Hare, according to the Rosemont Public Safety Department.
Investigators believe the gas was created intentionally and are treating it as a criminal matter.
The hotel is hosting the 2014 Midwest FurFest convention, also called “Anthrocon,” where attendees celebrate animals that are anthropomorphic — meaning they've been given human characteristics — through art, literature and performance. Many of the attendees, who refer to themselves as “furries,” wore cartoonish animal outfits.
They said they come for fun, but also for the spiritual and artistic aspects of the convention, during which they celebrate animal characters from movies, TV shows, comic books, video games and characters they create themselves. Anthrocon conventions typically draw thousands of participants from around the world, many dressed in costumes that they say can cost as much as $3,000.
Guests were allowed to return a few hours later after the hotel had been decontaminated, and by mid-morning the furries were pouring back into the hotel for more activities, to chat with each other and to make their way to an outdoor courtyard where they took part in a group exercise session, with foxes, dragons and other characters getting an aerobic workout.
“We ask you to continue to be patient, and remember that the volunteers who make Midwest FurFest happen intend to give 110 percent to make sure that the fun, friendship, and good times … overshadow last night's unfortunate incident,” organizers said in a statement posted on the group's website. Organizers declined to discuss the matter in person.
Pieter Van Hiel, a 40-year-old technical writer from Hamilton, Canada, said the conventions are about having fun with people who enjoy the same hobby.
“This is an intense weekend of socialization. It's kind of weird, but it's not weird here,” said Van Hiel, who said he writes role-playing games for animals. He laughed as he described being herded out of the hotel and across the street to the Donald E. Stephens Convention Center: “There was a dog-grooming trade show going on and in walk all these people dressed like dogs and foxes.”
The conventions include displays and vendors, an artists' show, cartoon and character-related presentations, dances and live performances, and draw artists, puppeteers, costume makers, writers and just plain fans.
“Everyone is from a different background,” said Michael Lynch, a 25-year-old computer technician from Madison, Wisconsin. “Nobody judges anybody. It's nice to come to a place like that.”
Dressed head-to-toe in a fox outfit, 35-year-old forklift operator Frederic Cesbron, of France, wanted to make one thing clear: “Nobody uses real fur.”
photo by Phil Sharp
After all, Furman's become known in the public eye for performing in feminine clothing and make-up all in the name of queer visibility -- a statement he's purposefully curated over the last few years through a series of interviews, essays and performances. Granted, it's a heatstroke-inducing sort of day and he says he's going to change before his actual show, explaining that being gender-fluid doesn't mean you'rein a dress.
It's this sort of thoughtful rhetoric and gender flexibility that's made him into the rising troubadour for the Tumblr-verse -- though this accolade hasn't gone to his head. He's got a surprisingly nervous personality, one that seems largely unchanged between now and when I first met him four years ago, back when he fronted a different band called the Harpoons, still wore men's clothes and skewed much more folk-rock in his songs about Kirsten Dunst and depression.
This time around, the Oakland-based, 28-year-old songwriter is with The Boy-Friends, is known for wearing women's clothing and has a brand new, doo wop-inspired album called Perpetual Motion People on Bella Union. But he'll downplay these biographical facts and insist that the main difference between then and now is that he has become "utterly egomaniacal" in regards to all his professional endeavors. "It's totally against my personality and inclinations [to have an ego]," he says. "But I knew if I was going to get something really good made, it had to be totally coming from me and unmediated by other people."
Day Of The Dog, Mysterious Power, etc.), high-profile television appearances on programs like BBC's Later...with Jools Holland, and a devoted cult following that allegedly counts (red, short) or what it is like trying to observe Shabbat on tour (difficult). It's probably a good time to mention that in addition to being among the few visible genderqueer musicians on the scene right now, he's also one of the few devout Jews.
This attitude seems to have worked quite well for him, though, because in the past few years, Furman has been pretty successful. He's the kind of artist with a series of well-received albums (etc.), high-profile television appearances on programs like BBC's, and a devoted cult following that allegedly counts BjÃ¶rk amongst its flock . But rather than discuss these recent career highs, Furman instead prefers to answer questions about the dress he was wearing on Jools Holland(red, short) or what it is like trying to observe Shabbat on tour (difficult). It's probably a good time to mention that in addition to being among the few visible genderqueer musicians on the scene right now, he's also one of the few devout Jews.
"I probably don't look like most Orthodox Jews," he says, going on to mention that strict religious observance wasn't part of his upbringing at all and just something he started exploring as a teenager in the Chicago suburb of Evanston.
"I chose for [traditional Judaism] to be [a big part of my life]," he says. "I don't come from a place where other people are pressuring me to be religious. I don't have friends who are religious really. Most of my family is not. My parents did bring me up to learn and know about it and know how to do it, but they're not really, really Jewish, you know?"
Instead, Furman says, it was more about remembering to feel, to never forget the sheer beauty and wonder of being alive and to never be blasÃ©.
"For me, religion's about learning your everyday life," he explains. "The most mundane stuff you do everyday makes reference to transcendence and transcending concepts...I just feel like it's made me a much better person and such a source of delight and wonder, total wonder." He takes a long sip from his beer, before adding, "To have spiritual habits, for me, breaks other habits -- habits of boredom and mental habits of callousness."
Perhaps this is what spurred him to break away from the textbook mold of "sad songwriter" and turn toward the sort of relevant socio-political activism that's so often missing from the indie-sphere. And this type of exploration and activism isn't superficial either. Gender identity is something Furman says he'd grappled with for a while, borrowing clothes from close female friends and trying them on in secret. "Nothing too flashy though," he insists. "I like to be more casual....like a dress that easy to wear, that kind of thing. I just don't do high-heels." And aside from his own self-actualization, Furman says his feminine presentation also stems from an innate desire to help other questioning youth looking for a relatable role model who, like him, felt stifled by the male-female binary or traditional gender norm. Perhaps this is what spurred him to break away from the textbook mold of "sad songwriter" and turn toward the sort of relevant socio-political activism that's so often missing from the indie-sphere. And this type of exploration and activism isn't superficial either. Gender identity is something Furman says he'd grappled with for a while, borrowing clothes from close female friends and trying them on in secret. "Nothing too flashy though," he insists. "I like to be more casual....like a dress that easy to wear, that kind of thing. I just don't do high-heels." And aside from his own self-actualization, Furman says his feminine presentation also stems from an innate desire to help other questioning youth looking for a relatable role model who, like him, felt stifled by the male-female binary or traditional gender norm.
"I've made it a big deal," he says of his presentation. "I've made a point to talk about it and appear in photographs dressed feminine because I want to be visible while being queer, being visibly queer, maybe bring some consolation to queer kids." He spent most of his time with The Harpoons performing in "male" clothing, noting that the first few times he dressed up in more feminine garb that "most people looked at it like it was a joke or a gimmicky thing, a stagey thing."
Granted, he did feel like performing offered a safe space for him to work out his own issues, as it was mostly a secret he felt "caged and paranoid" by. "I felt like I had to keep up all the signifiers of masculinity and it never felt natural," he says. "I had a couple female friends who would let me try things on, but I always felt [trapped]...But it's tricky because if you're like, 'I want to be feminine,' people will be like, 'Oh what, so you're going to be a drag queen?'" He looks saddened for a second, the same face he pulls when he mentions "little things" being "cumulatively more painful" than anyone laughing or being outright awful.
Two lawmakers on the Murmansk city council in Russia are running for re-election and have released a pre-election advertisement that appears to mock Conchita Wurst, the 2014 Eurovision winner, before they announce their anti-gay stance.
GayRussia.eu has shared an extremely blunt and disgraceful Russian six-second political ad, which depicts tiny animated characters that resemble Conchita.
Watch the video below.
In the ad, a group of Conchita look-alikes are standing in front of a stage that has a banner strung across. The banner, when translated from Russian, reads “There will be a parade!” The animation then fades out to reveal the two candidates, Oleg Guz and Almaz Gismeyev, shaking hands. The Russian voice over that plays during the short spot says, “Against loudmouths and gays, Oleg Guz and Almaz Gismeyev.” Talk about a straightforward slogan…
While GayRussia.eu is unclear where the video is currently being broadcast, they believe that the candidates have released this video themselves.
This would not be the first time Russians have targeted Conchita. Conservative politicians have been lambasting her since her Eurovision win, saying it represented a degradation and calling for their country to shun Eurovision in the future. The Russian Orthodox church also condemned her, saying her victory was a sign of the world's moral decline and part of an effort to “reinforce new cultural norms.”
The Murmansk city elections will take place in September – one year and three months after Russia passed an internationally criticized law that banned “non-traditional sexual relationships” ideas among minors.
As Leonardo DiCaprio travels the globe to promote his new film, his stepbrother is locked up in Texas.
The "Wolf of Wall Street" star's stepbrother Adam Farrar was arrested in Collin County last Friday on three outstanding misdemeanor warrants out of Los Angeles involving alleged drug possession, stolen property and harassment by phone, jail records reveal.
Farrar, 43, got popped when he tried to visit girlfriend Charity Moore, 38, after her arrest for misdemeanor drug possession and other charges Jan. 20, cops told the Daily News.
"Moore was in jail, and he came to visit her," Lt. John Norton with the Collin County Sheriff's Office said. "He came to the facility for visitation, and we arrested him."
Charity Moore, girlfriend of Adam Farrar, was arrested on drug possession charges. (Collin County Sheriffs Office via Getty Images)
According to Radar Online, the couple has a 6-year-old daughter named Normandie, and DiCaprio's tight-knit family is now worried about the girl's welfare.
"Adam and Charity have been hiding with Normandie in Texas, away from the Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Service, who have long been involved in their cases due to their criminal pasts," an unidentified source told Radar.
"They had been staying in North Dallas. Now, no one in the family is sure where their daughter is, at this time," the source said.
Leonardo DiCaprio's stepbrother Adam Farrar plays a paraplegic Gulf War veteran in the 1999 film 'Pups.' (Getty Images)
Lt. Norton said Farrar did not have a child with him during the attempted visit.
"There was no child custody issue involved in that," he said.
Attempts to reach relatives of Moore were not immediately successful Tuesday.
Leonardo DiCaprio, the star of 'The Wolf Of Wall Street,' was close to his stepbrother Adam Farrar when they were younger but lost touch in later years. (Gilbert Carrasquillo/FilmMagic)
Farrar and DiCaprio, 39, used to be close but have had "zero contact" in recent years after a "bitter family feud," sources reportedly told Radar.
The stepbrothers grew up together in southern California after DiCaprio's father George married Farrar's mother while the "Titanic" star was a young child.
ndillon@nydailynews.com
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
Synopsis: Quantum Circulators Simplified
A device that routes microwave signals could help researchers scale up quantum-computing architectures.
B. J. Chapman et al., Phys. Rev. X (2017)
The superconducting qubit is a leading candidate for building a quantum computer. So far, however, quantum circuits with only a small number of such qubits have been demonstrated. As researchers scale up the qubit number, they need devices that can route the microwave signals with which these qubits communicate. Benjamin J. Chapman at JILA, the University of Colorado, and the National Institute of Standards and Technology, all in Boulder, Colorado, and co-workers have designed, built, and tested a compact on-chip microwave circulator that could be integrated into large qubit architectures.
Circulators are multiple-port devices that transmit signals directionally—a signal entering from port i will exit from port i + 1 . This property can be used to shield qubits from stray microwave fields, which could perturb the qubits' coherence. The device's directional, or nonreciprocal, behavior requires a symmetry-breaking mechanism. Commercial circulators exploit the nonreciprocal polarization rotation of microwave signals in a permanent magnet's field, but they are too bulky for large-scale quantum computing applications. Newly demonstrated circulators, based on the nonreciprocity of the quantum Hall effect, can be integrated on chips (see Synopsis: Quantum Circulator on a Chip) but require tesla-scale magnetic fields to operate or initialize them.
The team's chip-based scheme can instead be operated with very small magnetic fields (10–100 μT). Inside the device, simple circuits shift the signals in frequency and time, in a sequence that is different for each input port. These noncommutative temporal and spectral shifts provide the symmetry-breaking mechanism that gives the device its directionality. Experimental tests prove that the circulator works at high speed and with minimal losses, while an analysis of the device's noise performance indicates that up to 1000 of these circulators could in principle be integrated in a single-superconducting-qubit setup.
This research is published in Physical Review X.
–Matteo Rini
Matteo Rini is the Deputy Editor of Physics.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption US Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter said the new training should produce "capable, motivated" forces
The US is to end its efforts to train new Syrian rebel forces and says it will shift to providing equipment and weapons to existing forces.
Its $500m (£326m) programme was heavily criticised after it emerged that US-trained rebels had handed vehicles and ammunition over to extremists.
It emerged last month that only four or five of the fighters were in Syria.
The programme had aimed to train and equip 5,400 fighters this year and a further 15,000 in 2016.
A senior administration official said the programme was being put on "pause" and said it could be restarted in future.
The programme had suffered from "significant challenges", the official said, adding: "We had a very high bar in terms of recruiting".
The US will no longer vet every individual recruit but just the leaders of the groups they decide to work with, who will face "very vigorous vetting".
Of the initial two groups sent into the country under the previous programme, the first was rounded up by Jabhat al-Nusra, an offshoot of al-Qaeda, in July. The second handed much of its equipment over to the same group in September, reportedly in exchange for safe passage.
Quoting an anonymous US Department of Defense source, the New York Times reported that the US would no longer recruit Syrian rebels to go through its training programmes in Jordan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia or the United Arab Emirates.
Instead, it would establish a smaller training centre in Turkey, where "enablers" - mostly leaders of opposition groups - would be taught operational manoeuvres like how to call in airstrikes, the newspaper said.
Analysis: Jonathan Marcus, Defence Correspondent, BBC News
The failure of the programme underscores the wider problem of the inability to create large and effective moderate forces on the ground.
It will also have wider repercussions since the programme helped to coordinate support activities between the Americans, the Gulf states, Turkey, and Jordan.
The risk now is that those countries may push on with more separate initiatives backing individual client groups.
Washington was already limited in its ability to influence events on the ground. The failure of this initiative will reduce it even further.
Syrian rebel commanders demand US support
Rebels 'let down' by US
Speaking in a joint news conference with UK Defence Secretary Michael Fallon, Mr Carter admitted that he "wasn't satisfied with the early efforts" of the training.
The US was now looking at "different" ways to "enable capable, motivated forces on the ground to retake territory from ISIL and reclaim Syrian territory from extremism", he added, using another acronym for IS.
Russian missile 'malfunction'
Mr Carter also said there were indications that four Russian cruise missiles that crashed in Iran before reaching their targets in Syria had malfunctioned.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Who's fighting whom in Syria? Explained in 90 seconds
The defence secretary is the first US official to comment publicly on the reports that the Russian missiles crashed. Russia has denied the claim, saying all 26 missiles hit their targets.
The missiles were fired from the Caspian Sea some 1,500km (930 miles) away, their route taking them over Iran and Iraq. They were launched in support of a major ground offensive by Syrian government troops in western Syria.
Mr Carter accused Russia of running "fundamentally flawed" operations in Syria which would "inflame the civil war and therefore extremism".
Moscow says it has been hitting IS positions and denies reports that Russian strikes have mainly targeted other opponents of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
Aramis Ramirez and Carlos Gomez each hit a two-run homer and Zack Greinke (7-2) pitched effectively for six innings, The nine-year veteran allowed a run and nine hits in his Dodger Stadium debut, striking out seven and walking one. He allowed at least one hit in every inning he pitched and stranded eight baserunners.
This is the longest winless drought of Billingsley's seven-year career. He was 0-5 with a 5.08 ERA in his final seven starts of 2009, and last season went 0-1 with a 4.78 ERA during another seven-game stretch.
Chad Billingsley (2-4) struck out eight in six innings, but yielded four runs and six hits. The right-hander is 0-4 with a 5.13 ERA over his last nine starts, a stretch that began with a no-decision at Milwaukee after he beat San Diego and Pittsburgh in his first two outings.
"We thought Matt was ready to roll," manager Don Mattingly said. "We wouldn't have thrown him out there if we didn't think he was a hundred percent -- or if he didn't think he was a hundred percent. This should be a challenging time for us. It's the time you find out what kind of club you are and what kind of character you have. We were pretty resilient for a couple of weeks when Matt was out, and guys stepped up and did their thing. And we're going to have to do it again."
Kemp, who was runner-up to Milwaukee's Ryan Braun in last year's MVP voting, was placed on the DL after re-injuring his left hamstring Wednesday night while running the bases in his second game back. The Dodgers' All-Star center fielder, who is hitting .355 with 12 homers and 28 RBIs in 36 games, had just returned from a two-game minor league rehab assignment in which he homered twice.
"We're going through a rough patch. I don't think anybody expected us to keep running the gauntlet like we had throughout the first two months," Gwynn added. "You're going to go through rough times. Every team does, and we're no different. More importantly, we've just got to find a way to stay tight as a unit and not let this injury overwhelm us. Guys have got to do a good job of going the extra mile, but not going out of their skill set. Just do the things they're capable of doing."
"I believe in the guys who are in this clubhouse, and I think if you ask Matty, he'll tell you the same thing," Tony Gwynn Jr. said after the Dodgers lost 6-2 to the Milwaukee Brewers on Thursday night and were swept at home in a four-game series for the first time since August 1993.
LOS ANGELES—The first time Matt Kemp went on the disabled list, the Dodgers went 9-5 in his absence. Now they will be without their most dangerous offensive threat for at least four more weeks.
"When you step back and look at the whole series, we were one big hit away from winning all of these games," Gwynn said. "I think that's the difference in us losing these four games and us playing as well as we played before this when we were getting the big hits, we were getting the breaks and getting the calls. But it's not going to work like that for an entire season, so when those things happen, you've got to be able to deal with it and turn the page."
The only other road series the Brewers have won this season was their first, when they took three of four against the Cubs.
"We played four good games," manager Ron Roenicke said. "Having four games against these guys in their ballpark, we had to play four great games to beat them. And we did. We should be headed in the right direction. When we play our game, we can compete with anybody."
The Brewers won the season series 6-1 for their best record against the Dodgers since shifting from the AL to the NL in 1998.
"We were 9-5 without Matt the first time, so regardless of whether he was in the lineup or not, they should feel pretty good about themselves," Gwynn said. "They just swept a first-place team that still leads their division by five games right now. So if the show was on the other foot, I think we'd feel the same way."
The Brewers played without NL MVP Ryan Braun, who was scratched because of tightness in his right Achilles tendon. He first experienced it on May 1 at San Diego, when he hurt himself sliding into second base a day after hitting three home runs against the Padres. He has been playing through it ever since.
NOTES: A.J. Ellis became the ninth different player Mattingly has used in the second spot in the batting order this season, and the fourth in the last four games. He was 2 for 5. ... LHP Chris Capuano will attempt to become the first Dodgers starting pitcher to begin a season 8-1 since Brad Penny's 13-1 start in 2007, when he goes up against Colorado LHP Josh Outman on Friday night in the opener of a 10-game road trip. ... OF-2B Alex Castellanos, who was promoted from Triple-A Albuquerque to take Kemp's roster spot, made his major league debut in left field after a double switch in the eighth inning and was plunked by Kameron Loe his first time up.
© Copyright 2012 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Tesla's Model X SUV is one of the most anticipated cars on Earth right now.
It's due to arrive in 2015, and Tesla recently retooled its assembly line in Fremont, Calif. to be able to build it.
Customer interest is high. But that doesn't mean Tesla is trying to satisfy it.
During Tesla's second-quarter earnings call on Thursday, CEO Elon Musk told JPMorgan's Ryan Brinkman that the company actually steers buyers away from the Model X (this is from the Seeking Alpha transcript):
There are no cars available for a test drive. There is no information about the cars in our stores because we're only selling the [Model] S. In fact, if somebody comes in who wants to buy the X, we try to convince them to buy the S. So we anti-sell it.
Obviously, it's great for Tesla if it can sell another Model S, a car that starts at $US70,000 (before federal and state tax incentives). And the company is taking $5,000 reservations for the Model X. But it's fascinating that the automaker isn't really trying to preemptively generate big demand for its falcon-winged SUV-minivan mashup. As Musk told Goldman Sach's Patrick Archambault:
We can drive demand up at will. But if drive it up too much, then people would get upset with us because they waited too long for their car….[W]hen I was visiting in China, the only unhappiness I saw was…because customers were upset about waiting too long for their car. So it's like, boy, we better not stoke demand in that situation.
Anti-sell and avoid stoking demand — it's a remarkable way to run a car company.
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
Glutamate as a Neurotransmitter - An overview by Niels Chr. Danbolt
For more references and more information, see: Danbolt, 2001:
Prog. Neurobiol. 65, 1-105.
Glutamate
Outside the community of biomedical scientists, glutamate is probably best known as "monosodium glutamate" or "MSG" which is used as a flavor or taste enhancer in food. It is usually available together with other food additives and spices in most large food stores. Some people may also have heard the term "Chinese restaurant syndrome" which is a sudden fall in blood pressure with subsequent fainting after ingestion of very spicy food. Excessive use of MSG has been suggested to be the cause, but this is controversial. The use of glutamate as a food additive, however, is not the reason for the enormous scientific interest in glutamate. Glutamate is the major excitatory transmitter in the brain
The main motivation for the ongoing World Wide research on glutamate is due to the role of glutamate in the signal transduction in the nervous systems of apparently all complex living organisms, including man. Glutamate is considered to be the major mediator of excitatory signals in the mammalian central nervous system and is involved in most aspects of normal brain function including cognition, memory and learning. Glutamate is toxic, not in spite of its importance, but because of it
Glutamate does not only mediate a lot of information, but also information which regulates brain development and information which determines cellular survival, differentiation and elimination as well as formation and elimination of nerve contacts (synapses). From this it follows that glutamate has to be present in the right concentrations in the right places for the right time. Both too much and too little glutamate is harmful. This implies that glutamate is both essential and highly toxic at the same time. It took a long time to realize that glutamate is a neurotransmitter
It may sound astonishing, but it took the scientific community a long time to realize that glutamate is a neurotransmitter although it was noted already 70 years ago that glutamate is abundant in the brain and that it plays a central role in brain metabolism. Ironically, the reason for the delay seems to have been its overwhelming importance. Brain tissue contains as much as 5 - 15 mmol glutamate pr kg, depending on the region, more than of any other amino acid. Glutamate is one of the ordinary 20 amino acids which are used to make proteins and takes parts in typical metabolic functions like energy production and ammonia detoxification in addition to protein synthesis. It was hard to believe that a compound with so many functions and which is present virtually everywhere in high concentrations could play an additional role as transmitter. How glutamate works as a transmitter
Like other signaling substances (neurotransmitters and hormones) the signaling effect of glutamate is not dependent on the chemical nature of glutamate, but on how cells are programmed to respond when exposed to glutamate. Only cells with glutamate receptor proteins (“glutamate receivers”) on their surfaces are sensitive to glutamate. Glutamate exerts its signaling function by binding to and thereby activating these receptor proteins. Several subtypes of glutamate receptors have been identified: NMDA, AMPA/kainate and metabotropic receptors (mGluR).
Although the individual receptor subtypes show specific (restricted) localizations, glutamate receptors of one type or another are found virtually everywhere. Most of the nerve cells, and even glial cells, have glutamate receptors. Glutamate must be kept inside the cells (intracellularly)
At first glance this looks like an impossible system. A closer look, however, reveals that glutamate is not present everywhere. It is almost exclusively located inside the cells. The intracellular location of some 99.99 % of brain glutamate is the reason why this system can work. This is essential because glutamate receptors can only be activated by glutamate binding to them from the outside. Hence, glutamate is relatively inactive as long as it is intracellular.
The volume of brain cells and of the meshwork formed by their intermingled extensions, constitute about 80 % of brain tissue volume. This network is submerged in a fluid, the extracellular fluid which represents the remaining 20 % of brain tissue volume. The normal (resting) concentration of glutamate in this fluid is low, in the order of a few micromolar. In contrast, the glutamate concentration inside the cells is several thousand times higher, at around 1 - 10 millimolar. The highest glutamate concentrations are found in nerve terminals and the concentration inside synaptic vesicles may be as high as 100 millimolar. The glutamate transporters remove glutamate from the extracellular fluid
It follows from the description above that the mechanisms which can maintain low extracellular concentrations of glutamate are essential for brain function. The only (significant) mechanism for removal of glutamate from the extracellular fluid is cellular uptake of glutamate; the so-called “glutamate uptake”. This uptake is mediated by a family of special transporter proteins which act as pumps. These proteins bind glutamate, one molecule at the time, and transfer them into the cells. In agreement with the abundance of glutamate and the ubiquity of glutamate receptors, brain tissue displays a very high glutamate uptake activity. This was noted already in 1949, although its true importance was not recognized until after the excitatory action of glutamate was discovered in the 1950s and 1960s.
Glutamate is taken up into both glial cells and nerve terminals. The former is believed to be the more important from a quantitative point of view. Glutamate taken up by astroglial cells is converted to glutamine. Glutamine is inactive in the sense that it cannot activate glutamate receptors, and is released from the glial cells into to extracellular fluid. Nerve terminals take up glutamine and convert glutamine back to glutamate. This process is referred to as the glutamate-glutamine, and is important because it allows glutamate to be inactivated by glial cells and transported back to neurons in an inactive (non-toxic) form.
Types of glutamate transporting proteins
[ Back ]
A PROPOSAL for a 2.5km stretch of sky rail with new elevated stations at Bell and Preston has been welcomed by residents fed up with traffic.
A council report released last week urged the State Government to splash out to tackle Preston's choked level crossings.
Under the $247 million proposal, elevated track would run from Miller St to north of Murray Rd, Preston with Bell and Preston stations lifted up.
Lifting the stretch of track would open up “two MCGs worth” of land, which could be used for cycling routes or public parks, according to an independent council study.
Readers voiced their approval for the proposal, with one declaring “it's about time”.
Preston woman Ali Way said sky rail was the “sensible option”.
“Even though I'll be directly affected by the works, it will be worth it when the project's complete,” she said.
David said he was happy northern suburbs residents were “finally getting noticed after years of neglect”.
The study, by Raylink Consulting, John Hearsch Consulting and Rail Asset Partnership, recommended the State Government upgrade an existing plan to remove the Bell St level crossing to include the removal of three more crossings at Oakover Rd, Cramer St and Murray Rd.
The study predicts removing all four crossings at once would cost $247 million.
It said if the works were done separately the total cost would be $290 million, an extra $43 million.
The State Government has pledged to remove three of the worst level crossings in Darebin: High St, Reservoir, Bell St, Preston and Grange Rd, Alphington.
The Bell and High St crossings are still in the community consultation phase, while work has begun to lower the Grange Rd crossing.
The study claims lowered rail at Preston would be unfeasible mainly due to its extreme cost and logistic hurdles, with both a tunnel and a “cut and cover” trench option ruled out.
Preston state Labor MP Robin Scott said he had been working with Darebin Council on the issue of level crossings since 2015.
“The government welcomes all positive contributions to the debate,” he said.
Bell St carries 52,000 vehicles every day, with the crossing boomgates down for 27 minutes during the morning peak of 7am-9am.
Councillors will vote on whether to officially adopt and promote the proposal next week.
CLEARWATER, Fla. -- Nick Foles got traded right on out of Philadelphia on Tuesday. And Cole Hamels? Uh, not so much.
The Eagles wheel. The Eagles deal. The Phillies stay the course.
And that course played a little tougher Tuesday too, by the way. Cliff Lee threw another dogleg left into what was already a loooong par 5, by talking once again like a man whose days in red pinstripes are dwindling, if not defunct.
Lee might be headed for surgery. He might be headed for retirement. But he made it clear that if the common flexor tendon near his left elbow keeps firing lightning bolts up his arm, "then, obviously, I'm not going to keep pitching."
And if he's not going to keep pitching, you know what means. It means, basically, that the Phillie Phanatic now has more trade value than Cliff Lee does. And there would seem to be a lesson in that for the Phillies.
But Ruben Amaro Jr., the GM whose fan base would love to see him heed that lesson, begs to differ.
He once had two aces to trade. He's now down to one. But if you were to surmise that the potentially career-ending injury to one ace would affect his stance on trading the other ace, well, surmise again.
"Nope," Amaro told this ESPN.com correspondent, quite succinctly. "Why would it change? No reason to change it.
"I don't know what our 'stance' on Cole is," the GM went on, showing sincere affection for the portrayal of that "stance" in the mass media. "Others have 'stances,' I guess, for us. I guess other people must think we have a 'stance.' Our 'stance' is that we're open-minded. And that hasn't changed one bit."
But our entertaining banter on this subject was far from over.
"Is there a lesson in what happened with Cliff that would apply to Cole?" I asked.
"No," Amaro replied. "I don't know what lesson could be learned."
"Isn't the lesson that pitchers have a chance to get hurt, even if they have a history of durability?" I suggested, helpfully.
"There's no lesson there," Amaro said. "Everybody knows that. It's apples and oranges. We have a guy who was actually hurt last year. We don't have a player who's hurt in Cole. ... There's no lesson learned from Lee's situation because it's a totally different situation. One guy is hurt. The other guy is completely healthy."
The GM was on a roll now. So he jumped in to add more outside perspective, without being prompted.
"Is there a lesson learned from Yu Darvish?" he asked. "All pitchers can get hurt. All players can get hurt. It can happen any time. That has nothing to do with the way we go about our business, [by] planning for a player to get hurt. That doesn't make any sense."
Now naturally, no team would ever plan for a player to get hurt. But teams often do plan in case players get hurt. And this just in:
Pitchers get hurt. Every day.
As a matter of fact, recent history tells us that in any given year, 50 percent of all starting pitchers in baseball will wind up on the disabled list. Yep, 50 percent. So if we're doing that math correctly, Cole Hamels has that same 50 percent risk of landing on the DL between now and the trading deadline.
But the GM wasn't impressed with that helpful logic, either.
"How many pitchers do you think have that same risk with other clubs?" he asked.
"All of them," I replied.
"Correct," he said. "So how can there be a lesson learned? It's all the same for everyone. ... That means that other teams have pitchers that can get hurt too."
He'd barely finished that sentence, by the way, when the Blue Jays were announcing that Marcus Stroman had torn his left ACL and was done for the year. So there you go.
In case you're missing Amaro's carefully constructed counterpoint to our carefully constructed point, it goes like this:
All the teams that might want to trade for an ace have a 50 percent chance of losing one of their best pitchers too. So if we're reading him right, it means that would make them more likely to get desperate to trade for someone else's ace. Got it?
OK, got it. But here's the other side of that argument: Say you're a team that wants to make a major trade involving your best pitcher. And say there's that high a risk that that pitcher could get hurt.
Wouldn't it make sense to jump to make that deal when that pitcher is still healthy? Just sayin'.
"Is that your argument or my argument?" Amaro replied. "It's not my argument."
I tried explaining it again.
"That's illogical to me," he said.
So I tried to draw the picture a different way -- by bringing the conversation back to where it started. With Cliff Lee.
After all, the Phillies had quite a few opportunities, in 2012 and 2013, to trade Lee when he was still a healthy, durable, 220-inning machine. To the Rangers. To the Red Sox. To the Yankees. To the Dodgers.
Instead, they hung on to him, even as he was reaching his mid-30s. Until, all of a sudden, he was no longer healthy, no longer durable, no longer tradable.
I asked the GM if he ever looked back on those opportunities to trade Lee and played the what-if game.
"In '12 and '13, we were still trying to win," Amaro said. "I think [team president Pat Gillick] made a statement the other day that we maybe waited one year too long to go into rebuild mode. Maybe we did. But we've got to look forward now.
"We can't do anything about it now," he said. "It doesn't mean anything now, or that there was any kind of lesson in it. We were still trying to go for it. We were still trying to put ourselves in position to win."
And now they're not. Clearly. So trading Cole Hamels is the best, potentially franchise-changing card remaining in Amaro's deck. If he plays it now, he won't get that A-plus or A-double-plus deal he's been looking for. But he might get an A-minus deal.
He might get a deal that would at least be the equivalent of what the local football team did Tuesday -- a deal that turns the page, moves the franchise forward and removes the risk that what happened to Cliff Lee could happen to Cole Hamels.
But Ruben Amaro Jr. doesn't see this the way we see it. He has set his Hamels bar high from the moment he started telling teams he would listen. He has no intention of lowering it now.
So get back to us in July. Or the day Hamels heads for the disabled list. Whichever comes first. Until then, we learned exclusively Tuesday, one man's lessons are another man's illogicality. I guess we're about to find out which is which.
There are so many elements at play when approaching the Toronto International Film Festival – it is one thing to make the decision to travel to Toronto, but far more daunting and exhilarating is the process of doing the investigative work required to get a sense of what any given year will be about. At first you are met with nebulous data, a huge list of film titles that very few, if any, member of the public has ever seen. Aggregating and distilling this list can be approached from many angles. One of my tools is familiarity with past experiences at the festival; directors or producers whose names I recognize, the programmers and their tastes, a brief quickstart guide in the local papers or weeklies. Beyond that, it is just a matter of digging.
This is my fifth year publishing my own lists here at the Culturepin.com because I find that in sharing them, it exposes me to further insights furnished my readers. It not only helps me organize my thoughts in a turbulent sea of information, but it also serves as insight-bait to attract further tips from anyone who may know something about the catalog that I don't. And ultimately I hope that it will help you to navigate it all and have an amazing film going experience.
So if you will indulge me a few moments, and permit me to be your sub-curator, I will share with you the fruit of my labors thus far.
Here are my first-draft picks for films to see at TIFF 2010. Please, I implore you to comment away!
Aftershock | Feng Xiaogang
Country: China
Year: 2010
Language: Mandarin
My choice to position this film at the top of my list should give an indication not only of the caliber but also the intensity of the choices available at this year's festival. TIFF's programmers pull no punches, and in narrowing down my first round picks, I trust I have twisted the winch even further. Aftershock is truly an explosive but also deeply emotionally rooted grand work. It may be as difficult for me to sit through as was 2008's Hunger.
The most successful Chinese movie of all time, Aftershock is based on the novel of the same name by Chinese Canadian author Zhang Ling. An intimate epic, the film sweeps across three crucial decades in recent Chinese history and explores the resilience of a family devastated by 1976 Tangshan earthquake.
Watch the trailer for Aftershock at the tiff website.
Cave of Forgotten Dreams | Werner Herzog
Country: USA
Year: 2010
Language: English
For anyone cynical about the new 3D movement, Werner Herzog offers a new promise for its utility and meaning. Alas, here is a real reason to not wait it out for a VOD release, but instead to actually get your butt off the couch and go out to the movies for what will undoubtedly be an uplifting cinematic experience.
Werner Herzog gains exclusive access to film inside the Chauvet caves of southern France, capturing the oldest known pictorial creations of humankind in their astonishing natural setting. He puts 3-D technology to a profound use, taking us back in time over 30,000 years.
Over Your Cities Grass Will Grow | Sophie Fiennes
Country: United Kingdom, France, The Netherlands
Year: 2010
Language: French, German
Rivers and Tides, the documentary about the time-based work of artist Andy Goldsworthy affected me so deeply that I have been looking for its successor ever since. I suspect this to be a contender. But because I have not seen it and can only suspect, I will rely on Noah Cowan's summary from the official tiff website:
“Anselm Kiefer's monumental artwork explodes into the spaces it inhabits. Dirt and twisted metal, wildly thick impasto and found garbage compete in grand painterly gestures. His themes are volatile and confrontational, often addressing his native Germany's Nazi past and the ravages of the Holocaust through the lens of poetry (Paul Celan is an acknowledged influence) and the Kaballah. In an era dominated by clever conceptualism, his work consistently evokes strong emotions in the museums and galleries where it is exhibited. It is common to find patrons transfixed and deeply moved by his work.” – Noah Cowan
Machete Maidens Unleashed! | Mark Hartley
Country: Australia
Year: 2010
Language: English
Blood, breasts, beasts – the three B's from the subject to Mark Hartley's follow up to one of my favorite Midnight Madness films in 2008: Not Quite Hollywood, this time with a focus on genre films out of the Phillipines. I grew up on really bad b-movies and the thought of going behind the scenes with the people that made them for a couple of hours is just irresistible.
Watch the trailer for Machete Maidens Unleashed! at the tiff site.
Biutiful | Alejandro González Iñárritu
Country: Spain, Mexico
Year: 2009
Language: Spanish
From the director that brought you Amores Perros, 21 Grams and Babel, comes an intense, small-scale intimate nerve-gripper starring the man who made a coin toss creepier than your alcoholic uncle Jimmy. Javier Bardem plays a former drug dealer with a bi-polar wife who works as a prostitute in Iñárritu's first film in his native Spanish since his startling debut.
Check out the killer trailer for Biutiful at the tiff site.
Tabloid | Errol Morris
Country: USA
Year: 2010
Language: English
The director of The Thin Blue Line and the Academy Award®-winning The Fog of War tells the story of a former Miss Wyoming whose quest for one true love led her across the globe and onto the pages of tabloid newspapers.
Errol Morris doing what he does best: an examination of the dark side of society in this examination into how we are shaped by the media.
The Trip | Michael Winterbottom
Country: United Kingdom
Year: 2010
Language: English
Reprising their hilariously fictionalized roles from Tristram Shandy: A Cock and BullStory, which screened at the festival, Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon reunite with director Michael Winterbottom for an acerbically witty trip through the English countryside.
Winterbottom makes a road trip movie? The guy who brought us 24 Hour Party People? The same guy who depicted a woman giving her lover a footjob until he shot a load, all on camera in 9 Songs? Something tells me this isn't going to stay inside the margins.
Rabbit Hole | John Cameron Mitchell
Country: USA
Year: 2010
Language: English
I had the good fortune to meet John Cameron Mitchell when he was casting Hedwig and the Angry Inch. Little did I realize at the time that he would move from an underground subculture superstar into a refined, measured powerful directorial figure in the modern American film landscape. I can't admit that that happened with his sophomore release Short Bus, but with Rabbit Hole, he has Aaron Echkart and Nicole Kidman under his watchful gaze doing what some call among their finest work as a couple struggling to deal with the immense sense of loss from the death of their son.
Based on the Pulitzer prize winning play by David Lindsay. I include this film here because the package is most certainly well worth viewing, however, I trust this will get a US theatrical release due to the cast and source so I will not work too hard for a ticket on this one during the festival.
Film Socialism | Jean-Luc Godard
Country: Switzerland
Year: 2010
Language: French
I did a double take on this one. Godard is alive? Alive and well and making films? I'm so out of the loop – I mean, I read tomes about this guy and the influence his films had when he made them over a half-century ago.
This so-called “symphony in three movements,” that attempts to make sense of a world beyond comprehension, seems to confirm that he is alive and kicking. Undeniably an experience not to be missed.
The Promise: The Making of Darkness on the Edge of Town | Thom Zimny
Country: USA
Year: 2010
Language: English
Never-before-seen archival footage substantiates the bulk of this behind the scenes look by Grammy and Emmy Award-winning director Thom Zimmy's at Bruce Springstein's fourth and much beloved album. The Boss himself is scheduled to attend. For fans, this is like dying, going to Heaven, and then dying in Heaven and going to the one beyond that.
Edge | Alexey Uchitel
Country: Russia
Year: 2010
Language: Russian
Anyone who knows me even remotely has likely heard me extol the virtues of Andrei Tarkovsky's surreal post-apocalyptic masterpiece The Stalker. In fact, I often put it at the very top of my list of favorite films of all time. So when I see a description like:
“Fusing steampunk aesthetics with selective fragments of Russian history, director Alexey Uchitel hurls his new love-laced war epic straight into post-apocalyptic territory”
…you had better believe I will be rolling my sleeping bag out onto the sidewalk to get a ticket.
Daydream Nation | Mike Goldbach
Country: Canada
Year: 2010
Language: English
I <3 Kat Dennings, and this Canadian film from Mike Goldbach (director of Childstar) doesn't yet appear to have an American distributor so it might be one that could otherwise be overlooked once it arrives on the Netflix list.
The Housemaid
Country: South Korea
Year: 2010
Language: Korean
Essentially a remake of director Kim Ki-young's original film Hanyo made over 50 years ago and recently restored by Martin Scorsese's World Cinema Foundation, The Housemaid under director Im Sang-soo's vision alters the dynamic from vengeful femme fatale, to a startling showdown between a high-powered wealthy family and an ordinary woman who enter their world. Adding a healthy helping of international cinema to the tiff menu is a must, and to my taste, this Korean fare looks like a perfect pairing with the rest of this list.
Watch the trailer for The Housemaid at the tiff site.
Black Swan | Darren Aronofsky
Country: USA
Year: 2010
Language: English
OK, for what it's worth my friend Daniel Waters (writer of Heathers and Sex and Death 101) told me personally that his own buddy Darren Aronofsky (Requiem for a Dream, The Wrestler) has made a near-perfect masterpiece of a film; a film that he, Daniel himself, wishes he had written. With a cast that includes Natalie Portman, Barbara Hershey and Winona Ryder, Black Swan is a chilling exploration of the psyche of a young ballerina “whose starring role as the duplicitous swan queen turns out to be a part for which she becomes frighteningly perfect.”
Interestingly enough, Aronofsky told MTV in a recent interview that Black Swan and the Wrestler began as one project:
“I was actually developing a project that was about a love affair between a ballet dancer and a wrestler, and then it kind of split off into two movies. I realized pretty quickly that taking two worlds like wrestling and ballet was much too much for one movie.”
Why is it a “must” ticket for me at the fest? Not because it won't get a release, but because I just can't goddamned wait any longer to see it.
Watch the trailer for Darren Aronofky's “Black Swan” at the tiff site.
And I haven't even touched on the excellent Midnight Madness fare…
Agree? Disagree? Know something I don't? Post your comments below!
Like this: Like Loading...
