Man dies from heart attack on Muni bus after fighting over seat
Riders board a MUNI bus along Market Street in San Francisco, Calif. as seen on Thurs. September 17, 2015. A new survey of city residents by the San Francisco Controller's office asked them to grade local government and a host of departments. The library system scores the best and MUNI scored the worst. fewer Riders board a MUNI bus along Market Street in San Francisco, Calif. as seen on Thurs. September 17, 2015. A new survey of city residents by the San Francisco Controller's office asked them to grade local ... more Photo: Michael Macor, The Chronicle Buy photo Photo: Michael Macor, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Man dies from heart attack on Muni bus after fighting over seat 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A 75-year-old man suffered a fatal heart attack on a Muni bus in San Francisco after getting into an altercation with a woman over a seat on another bus he had just transferred from, police said Friday.
Police launched a suspicious death and assault investigation following the incident that occurred around 2 p.m. on Thursday.
The man, whose name was being withheld by the medical examiner's office pending notification of his relatives, died while on a Muni bus at Kearny at Geary streets, said Officer Giselle Talkoff, a spokeswoman for the San Francisco Police Department.
The man went into cardiac arrest and died just moments after he got into a heated dispute with a 53-year-old woman over a seat on another Muni bus, Talkoff said.
The incident remained under investigation Friday and no arrests have been made.
Some 12 per cent of children brought up by one parent displayed series behavioural problems by the age of seven, it was disclosed, compared with just six per cent of youngsters raised by both natural parents.
The disclosure is made as part of a major study of around 14,000 children born in Britain between 2000 and 2002.
It found that family make-up, parental qualifications and household income had a major effect on children's behaviour at a young age, which could have “damaging long-term consequences”.
In a separate analysis, researchers also discovered that children with younger mothers had a “much more difficult start in life” than those with mothers over 30.
They were far less likely to have married parents and more than seven times as likely to have stepfathers, it was disclosed.
Lisa Calderwood, from London University's Institute of Education, said: “Living apart from natural fathers can be associated with poverty and negative outcomes for children.”
Researchers are tracking children's behaviour, school choice and cognitive development as part of the on-going Millennium Cohort Study, which is funded by the Economic and Social Research Council.
Two major analyses of the data – published today – chart the impact of parenting on children born at the turn of the millennium.
In one study, researchers surveyed 13,500 mothers to gage children's behaviour. They were asked to rate their hyperactivity, conduct, emotional problems and relationships with peers. Researchers then grouped children into three categories ranging from “normal” to “serious behavioural problems”.
It found that stepchildren and children with lone parents were most likely to be badly behaved. Fifteen per cent of stepchildren and 12 per cent of children with lone parents fell into this category, compared with six per cent living with both natural parents.
Behavioural problems were less likely among children living in families with higher levels of parental qualifications, it was disclosed.
Academics insisted further research was needed into the link between single parents and children's behaviour.
But previous studies have found children raised by lone mothers are likely to have less economic security, less attention and guidance and more likely to live in deprived areas.
A separate analysis of the Millennium Cohort Study – based at the Institute of Education – tracked the effect of mothers' age on children's early development.
It found those with mothers aged under 30 had to cope with “far more upheaval than other children during their first seven years”.
Four in 10 children with younger mothers experienced a significant family change, such as the arrival of a stepfather, compared with only 13 per cent of youngsters with mothers aged 40 and over.
The study called for further action to reduce teenage pregnancy to give children a more stable start in life.
"As these experiences are particularly concentrated among children of young mothers these findings provide support for policies aimed at reducing teenage pregnancy,” researchers said. “They also indicate that families with young parents may benefit from further targeted government support.”
Sen—A momentary line-up between an asteroid and a distant star has allowed astronomers a remarkable opportunity to learn more about the chunk of space rock and so gain information about the early Solar System.
It came in an impressive collusion between professional and amateur astronomers that saw some of the world's largest and smallest telescopes work together and so make the most of the rare event.
Their combined observations have shown that an asteroid called (87) Sylvia, orbiting in the main belt between Mars and Jupiter, has a complex interior. The object is a triple asteroid because it has two moons and their structure is probably linked to the way this little family of rocks was formed.
Sylvia was discovered to have its two satellites in 2005. A team of astronomers led by Franck Marchis, senior research scientist at the Carl Sagan Center of the SETI Institute, has made regular observations of it using giant professional telescopes including those at the W. M. Keck Observatory and Gemini North on Hawaii, and the European Southern Observatory's VLT in Chile.
These powerful telescopes are fitted with adaptive optics which counter the distorting effects of the atmosphere. They allowed the team to get a good handle on the orbits of the two satellites, named Romulus and Remus, helped by using calculations produced by experts at the Institut de Mécanique Céleste et de Calcul des Éphémérides (IMCCE) at the Paris Observatory.
Images of asteroid Sylvia taken with large professional telescopes reveal the motions of its two moons. Credit: Franck Marchis
But the top-gun pros called in the amateur stargazers when it was noticed that asteroid Sylvia would pass in front of an 11th magnitude star in Taurus causing it to blink out, an event termed an occultation. Though way below naked-eye visibility, the star is easy to spot in small telescopes.
The occultation was due to occur on 6 January, 2013, visible along a narrow path that would cross the south of France, Italy, and Greece. Outside that path, the asteroid would miss the star. An appeal was issued for observers with small telescopes to monitor the event and to time precisely when it occurred. This would allow accurate measurements of the relative positions and sizes of the asteroid and its moons to be made.
Around 50 observers answered the appeal and set up to watch the event. Twelve of them detected the occultation by main asteroid Sylvia itself. The occultation was seen to last between 4 and 10 seconds depending on the observer's location. But an occultation by one of the moons was also observed.
The track of the occultation accross Europe. The blue lines indicate the limit of the path by the primary asteroid Sylvia (centred on the black line). The green and orange lines correspond to the paths of Romulus and Remus, respectively. Credit: IMCCE
Jérôme Berthier, an astronomer at IMCCE, said: “Four observers detected a two-second eclipse of the star caused by Romulus, the outermost satellite, at a relative position close to our prediction. This result confirmed the accuracy of our model and provided a rare opportunity to directly measure the size and shape of the satellite.”
The occultation observations allowed measurements of the sizes of the individual asteroid bodies. They revealed that Romulus is 24 km (15 miles) in diameter with an extremely elongated shape, possibly made of two lobes joined together like a dumbbell.
This is not surprising if the satellite formed when separate fragments collected together after the earlier asteroid that produced Sylvia was broken up by an impact, several billion years ago.
The occultation, together with earlier results, allowed the team to discover the shape of the 270-km primary asteroid Sylvia itself. They also concluded, in results announced in Denver, Colorado, yesterday, that the asteroid probably has a spherical core of dense material, surrounded by a fluffy or fractured outer surface layer.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Worse than Watergate. That's the refrain coming from the Obama administration's critics as it scrambles to tamp down a growing pile of scandals. “The Obama administration's cover-up of the September 11, 2012, Benghazi terrorist attack surpasses Watergate,” states Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa). The IRS-tea party scandal “is far worse than Watergate,” according to Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-Minn.). And Pinal County, Arizona, Sheriff Paul Babeu maintains that Fast and Furious “is a much larger scandal than Watergate.” And of course there is a hashtag: #WorseThanWatergate.
Comparing the scandal du jour to Watergate is an easy way to score political points. (Conservatives aren't the only guilty ones here.) But if you're interested in making a more subtle and perhaps accurate comparison, you need only refer to the United States' long history of White House scandals, starting in the first days of the republic.
To help you keep track of them, we've plotted more than 25 on this matrix, organized by their relative seriousness and their place in our current collective memory. (The current crop of Obama scandals aren't on there since it's not yet clear where they fall on the continuum between, say, Billygate and Iran-Contra. See a missing scandal? Suggest it in the comments.)
The SCANDALs
Watergate: The mother of all White House scandals. It had everything but sex: A burglary, spying on political opponents, secret tapes, an enemies list, obstruction of justice, campaign finance shenanigans, ominous-sounding acronyms (CREEP), memorable denials (“I am not a crook”), congressional investigations, crusading journalists, articles of impeachment, and the first resignation of a sitting president. Beat that, Benghazi.
Spiro Agnew: Before Richard Nixon stepped down, he was preceded by his alliteration-prone vice president, who had been charged with taking bribes and evading taxes. Agnew insisted until the very end that the “hopeless, hysterical hypochondriacs of history” had gotten it all wrong.
Iran-Contra: High-ranking officials in the Reagan Administration made an end-run around federal law by secretly selling missiles to Iran in order to help free American hostages in Lebanon and fund the Nicaraguan contra rebels. What could go wrong?
Missing Iraqi WMD: President George W. Bush and top members of his cabinet insist that Saddam Hussein is definitely almost nearly developing and or amassing weapons of mass destruction which he might probably absolutely use against us. The United States launches a preemptive invasion of Iraq. Ten years, tens of thousands of deaths, and billions of dollars later, the search for the elusive WMD continues.
Plamegate: After former ambassador Joe Wilson blew the whistle on the Bush White House's claims of Saddam's pursuit of nuclear materials, his wife, Valerie Plame, was outed as a CIA agent. The subsequent investigation leads to the conviction (and pardon) of Vice President Dick Cheney's chief of staff, “Scooter” Libby.
Abu Ghraib, torture memos: Prisoner abuse at American military prisons in Iraq and Afghanistan and the CIA's extradition and torture program were authorized by Bush and top administration officials. But that's all behind us now.
NSA spying on US citizens: After 9/11, Bush authorized the National Security Agency to covertly surveil Americans' email and phone calls—in violation of federal law.
Pentagon Papers: A secret Pentagon history of the Vietnam War leaked by whistleblower Daniel Ellsberg revealed that the Johnson administration had been lying about the true scope and of the war. The Nixon White House tried to prevent their publication.
Teapot Dome: Before Watergate, there was Teapot Dome, the early 1920s scandal that led to President Warren G. Harding's secretary of the interior being convicted for accepting bribes from oil companies to lease Navy petroleum reserves in Teapot Dome, Wyoming.
DNC campaign finance scandals: In 1996, Vice President Al Gore attended an event at a California Buddhist temple that illegally funneled $65,000 to the Democratic National Committee. Eventually, the party had to return nearly $3 million in forbidden gifts, some from foreign donors such as James Riady, an Indonesian businessman who was fined $8.6 million.
Johnson impeachment: Disputes between President Andrew Johnson and Radical Republicans in Congress spun into a constitutional crisis when the House voted to impeach him in 1868. He survived in the Senate—by one vote.
Teddy Roosevelt's corporate cash: After winning election as a trust-buster in 1904, Roosevelt and the Republican Party are revealed to have quietly courted big corporate donors.
The Grant administration: President Ulysses S. Grant's terms were marred by a succession of high-level scandals, including the Whiskey Ring, Belknap affair, the Delano Affair, the salary grab, and the Cattelism scandal. The administration's endemic corruption became known as “Grantism.”
LBJ's mystery money: In 1963, Life magazine was preparing a bombshell exposé on how Vice President Lyndon Johnson had amassed a fortune through his connections to Texas oil barons. The article, which biographer Robert Caro says would have linked LBJ to the Bobby Baker Scandal, was set to drop in late November. Kennedy's assassination killed the story and a planned Senate investigation.
XYZ Affair: A diplomatic kerfuffle led to an undeclared “Quasi War” between the United States and France in the late 1790s. Back home, it led to passage of the draconian Alien and Sedition Acts and fueled the growing split between President John Adams and Thomas Jefferson.
Hamilton's affair and insider trading: In 1797, former treasury secretary Alexander Hamilton revealed that he had carried on an affair with a married woman—while bribing her husband to let it continue. He also defended himself against accusations of having used his position to engage in insider trading.
US attorney firings: In 2007, Attorney General Alberto Gonzales resigned amid an investigation into whether the firing of nine US attorneys in 2006 was politically motivated.
Pardongate: As he left the White House in January, 2001, President Bill Clinton hastily pardoned Susan McDougal (for contempt of court during the Whitewater case), his brother Roger (for old drug charges), and Marc Rich, a fugitive tax cheat whose wife had been a major Clinton donor.
Lincoln Bedroom: The Clinton White House provided perks to big donors including stays in the Lincoln Bedroom as well as coffees, golf outings, or morning jogs with the president.
Whitewater: Failed Arkansas land deals involving Bill and Hilary Clinton spawns a wide-ranging investigation into several -gates: Filegate, Travelgate, and Troopergate (and eventually Ken Starr's probe of the Clinton-Lewinsky affair).
“Ma, ma, where's my pa?”: “Gone to the White House, ha ha ha!” This catchy slogan followed Grover Cleveland after he won election in spite of reports that he had fathered an illegitimate child.
Clinton-Lewinksy affair and impeachment: “I did not have sexual relations with that woman,” the hug, the blue dress, Ken Starr, “it depends on what the meaning of ‘is' is.” Good times.
Fast and Furious: A botched ATF operation birthed a conspiracy theory that the Obama administration was coming for Americans' guns.
Jefferson-Hemings affair: Thomas Jefferson was dogged by rumors that he had fathered children with a slave who served as his “concubine.” Jefferson never addressed the allegations, but it is now known that Sally Hemings had six of Jefferson's children.
Petticoat Affair, a.k.a. the Eaton Affair: Ridiculous by modern standards, this scandal rocked Washington when Andrew Jackson's secretary of war married a widow too soon after the death of her husband. It led to the resignation of most of the cabinet and was immortalized in the 1936 film, The Gorgeous Hussy, starring Joan Crawford.
Skeetgate: After President Obama says that “at Camp David, we do skeet shooting all the time,” skeptics demand proof. A photo of the president shooting is produced; the skeptics insist it's faked.
Andrew Jackson adultery scandal: Forty years after he wed his wife Rachel, presidential candidate Jackson was attacked for marrying her before her divorce from her first husband was finalized, making Old Hickory an adulterer and the first lady a bigamist. He blamed the smear campaign for causing her death shortly after he took office.
Solyndra: The federal government gave more than $500 million to a solar firm that went belly up. Even congressional inquisitor Rep. Darryl Issa (R-Calif.) eventually had to concede there was no there there.
Billygate: President Jimmy Carter took major heat when it was revealed that his ne'er-do-well brother Billy had received payments from the Libyan government.
Mary Todd Lincoln's price “flub-dubs”: When Abraham Lincoln assumed the presidency, the first lady set about remodeling the White House, but went over budget by $7,000. As complaints of her profligacy spread, the president wrote, “It would stink in the nostrils of the American people to have it said that the President of the United States had approved a bill overrunning an appropriation of $20,000 for flub-dubs for this damned old house when the soldiers cannot have blankets.”
The Middle-earth mock transit notices that are sweeping the New York metro
at 8:10 am by - August 15, 20138:10 am by Demosthenes
Pages: 1 2 3 4
Since January, a graphic artist going under the alias “William Puck”, has been pasting mock travel notices all across the New York transit system. He's up to more than 200 different notices now, and they've all used a single theme — Middle-earth.
TheOneRing.net chatted with the mysterious Mr Puck to find out more about himself and his work. Read on, and discover what he had to say — and see some of the examples of his guerilla-style, street art as well.
TORn: Tell us a little bit about yourself. The cliff notes version, I guess, although I am sure you don't want to give away too much!
I grew up in Connecticut and came to New York City to go to art school back in the mid '80s. I studied illustration and animation. I've been here ever since.
TORn: Why “William Puck”?
I needed a street name for the work I was about to do. The MTA has a strict policy against anyone putting posters in the subways, so using my real name would have been unwise. I wanted a name that was short, identifiable and had a little bit of mischief to it.
I chose the name “Puck” from my favorite William Shakespeare play, A Midsummer Night's Dream. I was about to misdirect and baffle viewers just like Puck did. And for fun, I added William as my first name.
TORn: How long have you been working as a graphic artist?
I've been making art professionally for around 25 years or so.
TORn: How did you become interested in Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings and the Hobbit? What drew you to them and what do you like about them?
I must have been around 11 years old. A close neighbor of ours had a copy of “The Hobbit” on vinyl and gave it to me to listen to. It was a four-album set read by the amazing actor, Nicol Williamson. I listened to it over and over again for about five months. I was hooked. Then the Rankin / Bass animated special premiered on TV in late November 1977. My eyes were glued to the set that night. The design of Gollum was fantastic and his voice — by Brother Theodore — was perfect! I started reading the books soon after, and I re-read them every few years or so. Now I love the films as well.
My love for the books stems from Bilbo's and Frodo's journeys. These two unassuming, gentle people are thrown into the biggest threat facing the world. By all logic, they should have been trampled and killed by the forces of evil. But their inner strength, compassion and friendship carry them through to the end, changing the course of the world for good. They give us the greatest gift there is — hope.
Much is said about class warfare in contemporary America, and there's justifiable anger at the impoverishment of much of the middle and working classes. The Pew Research Center recently dubbed the 2000s a “lost decade” for middle-income earners — some 85% of Americans in that category feel it's now more difficult to maintain their standard of living than at the beginning of the millennium, according to a Pew survey.
Blaming a disliked minority — rich business folks — has morphed into a predictable strategy for President Obama's Democrats, stripped of incumbent success. But all the talk of “one percent” versus “the ninety nine percent” misses new splits developing within both the upper and middle classes.
There is no true solidarity among the rich since no one is yet threatening their status. The “one percent” are splitting their bets. In 2008 President Obama received more Wall Street money than any candidate in history, and he still relies on Wall Street bundlers for his sustenance. For all his class rhetoric, miscreant Wall Streeters, particularly big ones, have evaded big sanctions and the ignominy of jail time.
Obama enjoys great support from the financial interests that benefit from government debt and expansive public largesse. Well-connected people like Obama's financial tsar on the GM bailout, Steven Rattner, who is also known as a vigorous defender of “too big to fail.”
The “patrician left” — a term that might have amused Marx — extends as well to Silicon Valley, where venture capitalists and techies have opened their wallets wider than ever before for the president. Microsoft and Google are two of Obama's top three organizational sources of campaign contributions. Valley financiers are not always as selfless as they or their admirers imagine: Many have sought to feed at the Energy Department's bounteous “green” energy trough and all face regulatory reviews by federal agencies.
The Republicans have turned increasingly to those patricians who depend on the more tangible economy. If you make your living from digging coal or exploring for oil wells, even if you don't like him, Romney is you man. This saddles the GOP with the burden of being linked to one of America's most hated interests: oil and gas companies. Almost as detested is the biggest source of Romney cash, large Wall Street banks. (In contrast, Democratic-leaning industries, such as Internet-related companies, enjoy relatively high public support.)
With the patriarchate divided, the real action in the emerging class war is taking place further down the economic food chain. This inconvenient reality is largely ignored by the left, which finds the idea of anyone this side of Bain Capital supporting Romney as little more than “false consciousness.”
Obama's core middle-class support, and that of his party, comes from what might be best described as “the clerisy,” a 21st century version of France's pre-revolution First Estate. This includes an ever-expanding class of minders — lawyers, teachers, university professors, the media and, most particularly, the relatively well paid legions of public sector workers — who inhabit Washington, academia, large non-profits and government centers across the country.
This largely well-heeled “middle class” still adores the president, and party theoreticians see it as the Democratic Party's new base. Gallup surveys reveal Obama does best among “professionals” such as teachers, lawyers and educators. After retirees, educators and lawyers are the two biggest sources of campaign contributions for Obama by occupation. Obama's largest source of funds among individual organizations is the University of California, Harvard is fifth and its wannabe cousin Stanford ranks ninth.
Like teachers, much of academia and the legal bar like expanding government since the tax spigot flows in the right direction: that is, into their mouths. Like the old clerical classes, who relied on tithes and the collection bowl, many in today's clerisy lives somewhat high on the hog; nearly one in five federal workers earn over $100,000.
Essentially, the clerisy has become a new, mass privileged class who live a safer, more secure life compared to those trapped in the harsher, less cosseted private economy. As California Polytechnic economist Michael Marlow points out, public sector workers enjoy greater job stability, and salary and benefits as much as 21% higher than of private sector employees doing similar work.
On this year's Labor Day, this is the new face of unionism. The percentage of private-sector workers in unions has dropped from 24% in 1973 to barely 7% today and in 2010, for the first time, the public sector accounted for an absolute majority of union members. “Labor” increasingly means not guys with overalls and lunch pails, but people whose paychecks are signed by taxpayers.
The GOP, for its part, now relies on another part of the middle class, what I would call the yeomanry. In many ways they represent the contemporary version of Jeffersonian farmers or the beneficiaries of President Lincoln's Homestead Act. They are primarily small property owners who lack the girth and connections of the clerisy but resist joining the government-dependent poor. Particularly critical are small business owners, who Gallup identifies as “the least approving” of Obama among all the major occupation groups. Barely one in three likes the present administration.
The yeomanry diverge from the clerisy in other ways. They tend to live in the suburbs, a geography much detested by many leaders of the clerisy and, likely, the president himself. Yeomen families tend to be concentrated in those parts of the country that have more children and are more apt to seek solutions to social problems through private efforts. Philanthropy, church work and voluntarism — what you might call, appropriately enough, the Utah approach, after the state that leads in philanthropy.
The nature of their work also differentiates the clerisy from the yeomanry. The clerisy labors largely in offices and has no contact with actual production. Many yeomen, particularly in business services, depend on industry for their livelihoods either directly or indirectly. The clerisy's stultifying, and often job-toxic regulations and “green” agenda may be one reason why people engaged in farming, fishing, forestry, transportation, manufacturing and construction overwhelmingly disapprove of the president's policies, according to Gallup.
Obama supporters sometimes trace the loss of largely white working-class support — even to the somewhat less than simpatico patrician Romney — to “false consciousness.” A recent Daily Kos article, charmingly entitled “The Masses are Asses,” chose to wave the old bloody shirt of racism, arguing that whites “are the single largest, and most protected racial group in this country's history.”
Ultimately this division — clerisy and their clients versus yeomanry — will decide the election. The patricians and the unions will finance this battle on both sides, spreading a predictable thread of half-truths and outright lies. The Democrats enjoy a tactical advantage. All President Obama needs is to gain a rough split among the vast group making around or above the national median income. He can count on overwhelming backing by the largely government dependent poor as well as most ethnic minorities, even the most entrepreneurial and successful.
Romney's imperative will be to rouse the yeomanry by suggesting the clerisy, both by their sheer costliness and increasingly intrusive agenda, are crippling their family's prospects for a better life. In these times of weak economic growth and growing income disparity, the Republicans delude themselves by claiming to ignore class warfare. They need to learn how instead to make it politically profitable for themselves.
Joel Kotkin is executive editor of NewGeography.com and is a distinguished presidential fellow in urban futures at Chapman University, and contributing editor to the City Journal in New York. He is author of The City: A Global History. His newest book is The Next Hundred Million: America in 2050, released in February, 2010.
This piece originally appeared in Forbes.
Mitt Romney images from Bigstock.
Former Wonder Girls member Ahn Sohee has expressed her unchanged support and respect for JYP Entertainment‘s founder Park Jin Young.
On December 27, Park Jin Young shared a picture of him posing next to Ahn Sohee backstage at his solo concert “Naughty Party STRIP.” For the caption, he threw in a little joke and wrote, “Sohee. For once, let's take a photo where we're looking friendly and smiling, please.”
While Ahn Sohee is being her chic self with her cool yet cute pose, Park Jin Young has placed his arm around her and smiles brightly at the camera, apparently trying to make the photo reflect their friendly relationship.
Nice to see that they are still keeping in touch!
Meanwhile, Park Jin Young kept fans entertained during the holidays by holding four solo concerts from December 24 to 27 in Seoul. Many of his fellow JYP Entertainment artists including members from 2AM, 2PM, GOT7, and TWICE showed their support for the singer, as proven by group photos on his Instagram.
Source (1)
This Economic Note was prepared by Jasmin Guénette, Vice President of the Montreal Economic Institute, and Julie Frappier, a health economist who holds a master's degree in economics from the University of Montreal.
Quebec is one of the provinces in which private medicine has developed rapidly in recent years. This trend coincides with a large number of Quebecers being unable to find a family doctor(1) and with lengthening wait times both for undergoing treatment after a diagnosis(2) and for being seen by a doctor in a hospital emergency room.(3) How many private clinics are there, and how many doctors have left the public system in Quebec?(4) Why do patients resort to private medicine? This Economic Note aims to sketch a brief picture of this industry and its clientele using the available official data as well as some original research.
A growing but limited sector
Over the past several months, Quebec Health Minister Réjean Hébert has made one alarmist statement after another about private medicine. In May, he spoke of the “haemorrhaging” of doctors to private clinics and said that this worrisome phenomenon was making the shortage of doctors in the public system even worse.(5) In September, he reiterated his determination to “plug the holes” and put an end to this “shift toward the private sector.”(6) But what are the facts of the matter?
A doctor who does not participate in the public health plan is a doctor who can bill patients directly instead of being paid by the Régie de l'assurance maladie du Québec. While their number has increased since the start of the 2000s, non-participating physicians still account for just 1.38% of all doctors in Quebec (263 out of a total of 18,990). Of this number, 186 were general practitioners and 77 were specialists(7) (see Figure 1 on iedm.org).
It is therefore hard to maintain that there is an exodus to the private sector. Besides, it is the Department of Health and Social Services that controls the number of non-participating physicians, since doctors must receive its permission before leaving the public plan or returning to it.
The most common specialties among non-participating physicians are dermatology (18%), psychiatry (16%) and plastic surgery (14%). All of the other specialties are represented by just one or a few doctors. The official data on clinics is very basic. Our crosschecking allowed us to determine that 243 non-participating physicians are affiliated with 185 medical clinics (twenty of the 263 non-participating physicians are affiliated with public health establishments where some rent facilities).
It is interesting that “large” medical clinics that are entirely private represent the visible minority most often mentioned in the media, but that they are not representative of the private medicine ecosystem. Indeed, 58% of non-participating physicians either work alone or are the only non-participating physicians in clinics where participating physicians also work. Groups with from 2 to 4 non-participating physicians represent another 29% of the total, while the largest groups, with 5 or 6 non-participating physicians, account for just 13% of these doctors.(8)
Half of non-participating general practitioners are located in the regions of Montreal and the Montérégie. Specialists, for their part, are mainly concentrated in the Montreal region.
As for the number of doctors working in the public system, far from decreasing because of these departures to the private sector, it has continued to increase rapidly in recent years. From 2004 to 2012, the number of general practitioners rose from 8,165 to 9,294—an increase of 1,129 or 13.8%—while the number of specialists climbed from 7,980 to 9,696—an increase of 1,716 or 21.5%(9) (see Figure 2 on iedm.org). Furthermore, Quebec has more doctors per capita than the Canadian average, and more than seven other provinces.(10)
Given these data and the relatively small number of non-participating physicians, the development of private medicine cannot be held responsible for the problems of the public health care system in Quebec, as Minister Hébert would have us believe. We must look elsewhere for the reasons why the public system fails to meet the needs of Quebecers in a timely fashion.(11)
Unmet needs
In reality, far from being responsible for any labour shortage in the public system, non-participating physicians respond to the unmet needs of patients who often have no choice but to turn to them for help. This demand for private care is evident from the results of polls. Quebec has the largest proportion of residents (66%) who want greater access to private health care. Alberta (48%) and Ontario (46%) are the provinces with the least support for more private care.(12)
We tried to get a better sense of the nature of this demand, about which no data had been collected before now, by carrying out our own field study of the patients of private clinics.(13)
First of all, the financial profile of clients does not correspond to the caricature of a very wealthy elite pampering itself with treatments in luxurious downtown Montreal clinics, but instead looks more like the profile of the general population. In Quebec, the median household income is $68,000(14) (which is to say that half of households have higher incomes and half have lower incomes than this). In our sample, 55% of respondents reported having a family income lower than $75,000, while 45% had higher incomes (see Figure 3 on iedm.org).
A large majority of respondents (83%) paid for their medical consultations out of their own pockets, while 17% were reimbursed entirely (6%) or partially (11%) by their insurance companies.
Half of respondents (48%) said they tried to go to a public hospital or public clinic for the same reason before making their appointments. In these cases, the private clinics were clearly responding to needs that were not adequately met by the public system.
The reasons given for visiting a private clinic confirm the existence of problems accessing front-line care in the public system. Nearly half of visits (46%) were motivated by an emergency, while another third (33%) were due to pain or medical concerns. The other reasons given were annual checkups (6%), medical follow-ups (9%), surgery (1%), or other reasons (5%).
Finally, among a selection of thirteen responses, five reasons were mentioned as being very important by almost all of the patients (over 90%) in their decisions to visit a private clinic: the ability to get an appointment quickly; the ability to get treatment or surgery quickly; good patient follow-up; the fact that medical personnel provided good explanations of diagnoses or treatments; and the professionalism of the medical personnel. The other reasons were all considered very important or somewhat important by a majority of respondents, but a smaller majority.
It is interesting to note that reasonable consultation fees were a very important reason for just two thirds of respondents. We can presume that the others either had sufficiently high incomes not to have to worry about these fees, or that they had health concerns serious enough that these fees were insignificant compared to the importance of receiving rapid care.
Promoting the emergence of complementary services
These results show that while the supply of private medical services remains relatively limited, it nonetheless benefits many Quebecers who believe that these services meet their needs better than those offered in the public system. Furthermore, the decision to visit a private clinic entails a reduction in the demand for public care, and therefore a certain amount of relief for the overloaded public system.
How can we make these services more accessible to more Quebec families, regardless of their budgets? One possible solution is tax credits for medical expenses.
In Quebec, taxpayers can request non-refundable tax credits corresponding to 20% of spending on medical fees above 3% of net income.(15) At this threshold, one must have spent hundreds or even thousands of dollars on medical fees before qualifying for any reimbursement.
An obvious reform would therefore be to make admissibility start from the very first dollar spent on medical fees in private clinics, for treatment that is normally covered by the public system.(16) Far from constituting a net “tax expenditure” for the public treasury, such a measure would actually reduce costs since only a small portion of patient expenses would be reimbursed, whereas a consultation in the public health care system is 100% financed by taxpayers.
Conclusion
Insofar as patients choose to pay out of their own pockets to get it, private health care corresponds to a real demand. Those who resort to it do so because they have a hard time accessing care in the public system or because they are dissatisfied with the overall quality of care (follow-ups, explanation of diagnoses, management of medical files, etc.)
The development of private medicine should not serve as an excuse for avoiding the reforms needed to improve the efficiency of the public system. Far from constituting a “drain,” private medicine actually contributes to increasing the total supply of health services available and to relieving the pressure on the overloaded public system. This positive role should be properly valued and encouraged.
References
1. This was the case for 13% of Quebecers in 2010-2011. Institut de la statistique du Québec, Enquête québécoise sur l'expérience des soins 2010-2011. Le médecin de famille et l'endroit habituel des soins : regard sur l'expérience vécue par les Québécois, Vol. 2, March 2013, p. 35.
2. The average wait time for receiving an elective treatment after diagnosis by a general practitioner in Quebec rose from 16.6 weeks in 2012 to 17.8 weeks in 2013. Bacchus Barua and Nadeem Esmail, Waiting Your Turn: Wait Times for Health Care in Canada 2013 Report, Fraser Institute, October 2013, pp. 6-7.
3. The average wait time in Quebec emergency rooms increased from 15.9 hours in 2006 to 17.5 hours in 2013. Daphnée Cameron, “Palmarès des urgences : toujours plus d'attente,” La Presse, May 8, 2013.
4. The law currently does not allow doctors (with some exceptions, like for radiologists) to practice both in the public system and in the private sector, which forces them to leave the former if they want to practice in the latter.
5. Tommy Chouinard, “Médecine privée : Québec veut stopper 'l'hémorragie',” La Presse, May 17, 2013.
6. Pascale Breton, “L'automne s'annonce chaud en santé,” La Presse, September 17, 2013.
7. As of March 2013 for non-participating physicians; see Régie de l'assurance maladie du Québec, Liste des professionnels de la santé non-participants ou désengagés au régime de l'assurance maladie du Québec avec adresse de pratique au Québec, March 14, 2013. As of 2012 for participating physicians; see Canadian Institute for Health Information, Supply, Distribution and Migration of Canadian Physicians 2012, 2013, pp. 95-97.
8. Régie de l'assurance maladie du Québec, ibid., and authors' calculations.
9. Canadian Institute for Health Information, op. cit., note 7.
10. Quebec had 235 doctors per 100,000 population in 2012, which places it 3rd among Canadian provinces behind Newfoundland and Nova Scotia. The Canadian average is 214. Ontario has 201 doctors per 100,000 population. Canadian Institute for Health Information, op. cit., note 7, p. 102.
11. The Montreal Economic Institute has published many studies on this topic over the past decade. See the Health Care section of our website at http://www.iedm.org/669-sante--health-care.
12. The Environics Institute for Survey Research, What Canadians think about their health care system, January 11, 2013.
13. The study is based on 141 questionnaires that were returned to us between June and August 2013, out of 360 sent out to eleven clinics. This sample, while not statistically significant, is sufficiently large to give us an indication of the characteristics and opinions of the target population. It also constitutes the only available data in this regard. See the Technical Annex on the Montreal Economic Institute's website for more specific methodology and the detailed results of this study.
14. Statistics Canada, Median total income, by family type, by province and territory, 2011.
15. Quebec Department of Finance and the Economy, Dépenses fiscales, Édition 2012, 2013, p. B.75. A similar tax credit exists at the federal level.
16. The current tax credit is applied to an array of expenses for health care or products related to health, such as dental care, eyeglasses, etc., for which there are not necessarily alternatives between the public system and the private sector. Our proposal is meant solely to encourage choices that reduce pressure on the overloaded public system, and not to make this tax credit more generous for all types of health-related expenses.
DENVER (CBS4) – CBS4 has asked for and received lists of where drivers are most likely to receive a speeding ticket. In Denver and some other locations it is most commonly delivered courtesy of photo radar, while other locations rely on more traditional means.
CBS4 Investigator Rick Sallinger took a look at the figures and the maps and found where drivers are most likely to get caught.
Most people call them speed traps, but police prefer to refer to it as “traffic safety.” In the city of Denver there were approximately 119,000 violations last year in just five locations.
In a flash the city of Denver is bringing in up to $7 million a year through photo radar. Sallinger found 56,274 violations were photographed with few smiles last year along Santa Fe Boulevard in the work zone near Interstate 25. That was by far the most active spot.
Mike Zink was one of the unlucky drivers. He was fined $80 for being in a 25 mile per hour zone while doing 35.
“I don't think there's any way that I could have been down to 25 from a 45 in the amount of time that they gave me to do this,” Zink said. “I would call it a speed trap, it's just revenue generation.”
The cameras were brought in on Santa Fe after a sharp rise in accidents with the area under construction.
“There have been horrendous crashes in these work zones,” Sgt. Ron Johns with Denver police said.
Second on the list is East 17th Avenue near Monroe Street. The third is along 1st Avenue where Sallinger found one of the city's four photo radar vans busy just west of the Cherry Creek Mall. The fourth is South University Boulevard at Harvard Street with more than 13,000 speeders detected last year. That's followed by South Colorado Boulevard near Dartmouth.
“I think it's been highly successful over the years in terms of reducing the speeds of operators in areas that we deploy,” Johns said.
In Jefferson County they give speeding tickets the old fashioned way, with Highway 93, West Bowles Avenue and Easley Way among the most patrolled spots. Within the count there's the entire town of Morrison, including the major highways that pass through it. In Sheridan there's Highway 285 between Lowell Street and Federal Boulevard where an officer was severely injured in May by a drunk driver doing 80 miles per hour. In Fort Collins Sallinger found Conifer Street between College and Lemay avenues is the hottest spot.
Jim Hernandez got nailed by Denver photo radar, but got out of a fine when a judge ruled his face wasn't identifiable. He said if it's not really about a matter of safety, he just considers it a speed trap.
“I think there's something wrong with setting speed traps in order to collect revenue from citizens,” Hernandez said.
Just as there are radar detectors, there are now photo radar detectors with GPS technology that will alert drivers when they are approaching.
For Immediate Release
Office of the Press Secretary
Contact: 202-282-8010
The primary mission of this department is to prevent terrorist attacks on our nation. The document on right-wing extremism sent last week by this department's Office of Intelligence and Analysis is one in an ongoing series of assessments to provide situational awareness to state, local and tribal law enforcement agencies on the phenomenon and trends of violent radicalization in the United States. I was briefed on the general topic, which is one that struck a nerve as someone personally involved in the Timothy McVeigh prosecution.
Let me be very clear: we monitor the risks of violent extremism taking root here in the United States. We don't have the luxury of focusing our efforts on one group; we must protect the country from terrorism whether foreign or homegrown, and regardless of the ideology that motivates its violence.
We are on the lookout for criminal and terrorist activity but we do not – nor will we ever – monitor ideology or political beliefs. We take seriously our responsibility to protect the civil rights and liberties of the American people, including subjecting our activities to rigorous oversight from numerous internal and external sources.
I am aware of the letter from American Legion National Commander Rehbein, and my staff has already contacted him to set up a meeting next week once I return from travel. I will tell him face-to-face that we honor veterans at DHS and employ thousands across the department, up to and including the Deputy Secretary.
As the department responsible for protecting the homeland, DHS will continue to work with its state and local partners to prevent and protect against the potential threat to the United States associated with any rise in violent extremist activity.
###
A new school system operated exclusively by First Nations is ready to make its public debut.
Officials and dignitaries will converge on Sgt. Tommy Prince School on the Brokenhead Ojibway Nation on Wednesday, where the community will celebrate the official grand opening of the Manitoba First Nations School System.
Hailed as a historic agreement when it was announced last December, the deal increases funding levels while putting jurisdiction over schools in 10 First Nations communities directly in the hands of Indigenous leaders.
Indigenous Services Minister Jane Philpott said the First Nations-managed school system is a "long time in coming."
"Whether it relates to education, health care, Child and Family Services, what Indigenous peoples in this country want is what every Canadian wants, and that's control over their lives," said Philpott, who was in Winnipeg a day ahead of Wednesday's grand opening.
Students from Sgt. Tommy Prince School. (Manitoba First Nations Education Resource Centre/Facebook)
"And so when it comes to educational services, the announcement we'll be making [Wednesday] is an important one, because it's an announcement about a school system that is designed, managed, co-ordinated and delivered by First Nations for First Nations."
The deal will also see federal education funding sent directly to school boards, instead of to chiefs and band councils to disperse.
"And it will give an opportunity for children to grow up knowing that they have quality education, but a high-quality education that's specifically designed for them, that's culturally appropriate, that's respective of First Nations knowledge and practices and that will lead them to success in the future."
Family advocacy office
In Winnipeg on Tuesday, Philpott also announced $800,000 in funding for a family advocacy office run by the Assembly of Manitoba Chiefs. The office works to bring down the number of Indigenous children in the care of Child and Family Services across the province.
Manitoba has among the highest number of children in care in Canada — most of them aboriginal. Statistics say the province seized an average of one newborn baby each day in 2015.
"Addressing the CFS crisis in Manitoba requires political will from all concerned stakeholders," AMC Grand Chief Arlen Dumas said in a news release. "Canada's support for the advocacy office is a positive step in a series of many required to realize true First Nations Child and Family Services program reform in Manitoba."
The AMC's Grandmothers Council and First Nations Women's Council will take leading roles as local First Nations implement ideas that support family reunification and restoration, the news release said.
Philpott also attended an afternoon press conference in which she announced $500,000 in federal funding to help the Ma Mawi Wi Chi Itata Centre expand its family group counselling services. The Winnipeg Foundation and the Manitoba government are each contributing $1 million to the organization.
Teenage film-maker commits suicide one month after making It Gets Better video for gay youth
A teenage filmmaker, who made an emotional and inspiring video in support of gay and lesbian youth, has committed suicide.
One month after filming It Gets Better, gay-and-lesbian websites reported that 19-year-old Eric James Borges - known as EricJames among his friends - had taken his own life.
The motives and circumstances surrounded the teenager's death have not been revealed, but through his work Borges had revealed his homosexuality and 'coming out' last year had been a traumatic experience.
Scroll down for video
Tragic loss: Eric James Borges, a 19-year-old gay film-maker who committed suicide on Wednesday, urged young people to embrace their lives
He had been a vocal supporter of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) youth, and in his own film-making and writing he had added the popular variant Q to the acronym - for those who identify as 'queer' and are questioning their sexual identity.
The California-based Borges revealed in his video that he was estranged from his family - his mother having performed an exorcism on him in a bid to 'cure' him, before he was told to leave home.
Borges had been trying to make a new life for himself in San Joaquin Valley , working as an intern with The Trevor Project - which aims to intervene and prevent suicide among LGBT youth.
Poignant caption: Borges writes under this Facebook photo, 'I am human. I am also spiritually, emotionally, and sexually attracted to men. I am OUT. It took courage, and it was all worth it'
Laura McGinnis, the Communications Director at The Trevor Project, called Borges' suicide a 'tragedy' and released a statement saying: 'We are deeply saddened to hear about the tragic death of EricJames Borges, and our hearts go out to his family and friends, and his community.
'EricJames was a dedicated, trained volunteer. Our main concern right now is that those affected by his death feel supported and can get the care they need.'
In It Gets Better, Borges speaks frankly of being tormented throughout his brief life, saying he was 'physically, mentally, emotionally and verbally assaulted on a day-to-day basis'.
Turning life around: After being kicked out of his 'extremist Christian' family home for his sexual orientation, Borges was building a life in California
In one picture on his Facebook page, with the Title 'OUT', Borges comments: 'October 11th, National Coming Out Day. I am human. I am also spiritually, emotionally, and sexually attracted to men. I am OUT. It took courage, and it was all worth it.'
In It's Get Better video, Borges explains: 'I was raised in an extremist Christian household. My earliest recollections of my experience with the relentless and ongoing bullying was in kindergarten, but of course to a lesser degree.
'Throughout elementary, junior high and high school it got progressively worse. I was physically, mentally, emotionally and verbally assaulted on a day-to-day basis for my perceived sexual orientation.
' 'I had nowhere safe to go, either at home or school... My parents told me that, among other things, I was disgusting, perverted, unnatural and damned to Hell. About two months ago they officially kicked me out of my house
'My name was not Eric but "Faggot".
' I reached my limit when I was assaulted in a full classroom with a teacher present. I dropped out, went on independent studies, graduated early and started college.
'My mother knew I was gay and performed an exorcism on me in an attempt to cure me.
'My anxiety, depression, self-loathing and suicidal thoughts spiked.
'I had nowhere safe to go, either at home or school... My parents told me that, among other things, I was disgusting, perverted, unnatural and damned to Hell. About two months ago they officially kicked me out of my house.'
But Borges' message to other teenagers is clear: 'I know it is hard, and I know what it feels like to be rejected and abused for your biological sexual orientation. And I know what it feels like to live in a world of government-sanctioned homophobia. But I refuse to be treated as a second-class citizen.'
The hidden champion of online privacy is the random number. When you're making a credit card purchase online or simply sending an email, you rely on encryption techniques that use long strings of random numbers to conceal your information. But there's a big problem with this approach: True randomness is incredibly difficult to create digitally. Computers are not random.
"It's actually impossible for a computer, following a predefined algorithm, to generate a truly random number," says Bruno Sanguinetti, as physicist at the University of Geneva in Switzerland. And any technique to try to get a machine to spit out a random number is duplicable, leaving room for someone to crack the code to the random number generator and get to your data.
"Rather, if you want to generate proper random numbers, you must rely on some randomness that originates from the outside world," Sanguinetti says.
The gold standard for this are methods that rely on the bizarre, probabilistic world of quantum mechanics, the counterintuitive physics of tiny things. Unfortunately, all of today's methods that perform quantum random number generation (QRNG) are expensive and require bulky lab equipment.
However, Sanguinetti and his colleagues have just developed a simple, inexpensive QRNG method which relies on little more than an obsolete Nokia cellphone and a light. Yes. You read that correctly.
Paperweight, or Cryptographic Tool?
In an upcoming article in the journal Physical Review X, Sanguinetti and his colleges outlined their method to produce 1 megabit of random numbers per second, and they do it by exploiting the randomness inherent in light itself. According to quantum mechanics, it's impossible to predict exactly when an atom will emit a particle of light. And over a given amount of time, the exact number of light particles any light source will produce is also inherently random.
With that in mind, the physicists took a Nokia N9 and shined a laser on its 8-megapixel camera lens. Like any modern camera phones, the discontinued N9 is sensitive enough to detect excruciatingly small changes in light. And because of the natural quantum variation we just mentioned, each pixel of the camera's lens gets smacked a different number of photons at any given time. Using the N9's open source software, the physicists converted the varying pixel data into a digital output. Ta-da: a steady stream of random numbers.
To check their work, the physicists tested this setup on a much better camera: an ATIK 383L, which also has 8 megapixels but is designed for astronomical use. They also pushed their data set past several of the best mathematical assays to see how random their numbers really were.
One line from the upcoming paper says it all: "If everybody on earth used such a device constantly at 1 Gbps, it would take 1060 times the age of the universe for one to notice a deviation from a perfectly random bit string."
How Random Is Random?
"This really shows the potential feasibility for QRNG on a chip," says Feihu Xu, a physicist who specializes in QRNG at the University of Toronto and was not involved in this work. Xu says that all the requisite parts of this technology should be able to shrink down to the micro scale (without the need of a bulky Nokia phone). This could lead to a method of easily creating cryptographically-secure random numbers on phones or other mobile devices.
Yet a couple of big questions about this technique linger. For one thing, Xu says, while he does not doubt the robustness of the random number dataset produced by the Swiss team's technique, it may be premature to claim that the technology's randomness is due to quantum behavior. "This is just because no test or method currently exists that can verify how much of randomness can actually be attributed to quantum effects, and not other physical interactions," he says. There's just no way to know for sure.
Secondly, he says, scientists must refine the data extraction method (the step the Swiss team took when they converted the pixel data from the phone into a digital output) before anyone can claim this technology to be purely, truly random—and not just, you know, really, really, 1060 times the age of the universe random.
There is a difference.
White River Junction — The principal of South Royalton School pleaded not guilty to criminal charges on Thursday following allegations he surreptitiously recorded video of a teenage girl in her bedroom and bathroom while she was staying in his home.
In an interview with police, Dean Stearns acknowledged that he purchased three hidden surveillance cameras on the internet and installed them in October in the girl's bedroom and bathroom, according to an affidavit filed in Windsor Superior Court.
He downloaded the videos from the devices onto his computer, the affidavit states.
“Dean advised that he found (the girl) attractive,” Detective Sgt. Michael Dion wrote in the affidavit.
Stearns has been placed on administrative leave, according to a written statement from White River Valley Supervisory Union Superintendent Bruce Labs.
“We are cooperating with the authorities on this investigation,” Labs said.
In an email to school parents Thursday evening, Acting Principal Frank Romeo said that student safety “is our top priority,” and that authorities “are conducting a detailed and thorough sweep of the school premises.”
The school is also making counselors available.
At this time, Dion said, authorities do not believe there are any additional victims.
Stearns was arraigned in Windsor Superior Court on Thursday afternoon on a felony charge of promoting a sexual recording and misdemeanor voyeurism. He declined comment as he exited the courthouse.
The felony charge falls under Vermont laws prohibiting the sexual exploitation of children, and prohibits any person from knowingly promoting “any photograph, film or visual recording of sexual conduct by a child, or of a lewd exhibition” of the child's private parts.
Judge Elizabeth Mann released Stearns on a $15,000 unsecured appearance bond. Windsor County Deputy State's Attorney Heidi Remick sought to have him held on bail.
Remick also asked the court to prohibit Stearns from using any electronic devices. Mann allowed Stearns to keep one cellphone in his possession; he is to have no contact with juveniles under the age of 18, with the exception of his grandchildren.
The quick-moving investigation into Stearns' conduct began at about 12:30 a.m. on Thursday, when Vermont State Police received a call from a woman who said she had reason to believe Stearns had secretly recorded a teenager who was a guest at his house, according to the affidavit.
Troopers soon responded to Stearns' Sharon home and ordered him to leave.
In an interview early Thursday morning, the teenager told police that she believed Stearns had been spying on her since the summer, according to the affidavit.
On a vacation with Stearns and his wife in August, the teen found a cellphone propped up on the bathroom counter recording her, according to the affidavit. On another occasion, she saw Stearns watching her through a window as she changed clothes in her bedroom, the affidavit states.
About a week ago, Stearns gave her a cellphone charger to use in the bathroom, according to the affidavit. The teen found the charger wouldn't work, unplugged it and left it on the counter, only to return later to see that it was plugged back into the wall, according to the affidavit.
On Wednesday night, the teen examined the charger more closely and found “a small embedded camera in it,” the affidavit states.
She plugged the charger into her laptop and it contained video files of her in the bathroom; the image of a man who police said identified as Stearns also was captured in recordings, according to the affidavit.
The girl told police she looked for other hidden cameras on Wednesday night and found another one embedded in an alarm clock that Stearns gave her, according to the affidavit.
Around 5 a.m. on Thursday, Stearns called police and asked to speak with a trooper about why he was ordered to leave his home, according to police.
During an interview at the barracks, Stearns acknowledged that he installed three hidden cameras — the charger, the alarm clock as well as a night light that was plugged into the girl's bathroom wall.
He told police he downloaded the video footage onto his computer, according to the affidavit.
When police ordered Stearns to leave his property early Thursday morning, Stearns went to a relative's house and told a family member “that he had been using cameras to secretly watch (the girl),” and that the family member went into cardiac arrest and died, the affidavit states.
The court documents don't specify which relative died, but in court on Thursday, public defender Michael Shane said Stearns' father died earlier in the day.
Stearns in October announced his resignation to take effect at the end of the school year.
Before being hired as principal in South Royalton in 2014, Stearns worked for six years as the technical education director at River Bend Career and Technical Center in Bradford, Vt., and before that spent 11 years as the coordinator of work experiences for the Hartford Area Career and Technology Center.
A graduate of Whitcomb High School, in Bethel, and of Community College of Vermont, Stearns also worked as a firefighter and EMT in Hartford from 1988 to 1997, according to his LinkedIn profile.
On Oct. 25 — the day after voters approved a merger of the Bethel and Royalton school districts — Stearns resigned amid complaints from teachers about a “stressful workplace climate” at the school.
In a resignation letter to the Royalton School Board, he cited “personal and professional reasons.”
Romeo, the school's vice principal, will be acting administrator at South Royalton until further notice, according to Labs.
Stearns, who has no prior criminal record, is due back in court on Dec. 19.
Jordan Cuddemi can be reached at jcud demi@vnews.com or 603-727-3248.
This story appeared in the Friday, Dec. 1, edition of the Valley News. It was updated at 10:35 a.m.
CALGARY, AB – The Calgary Flames Hockey Club announced today that they have signed defenceman John Ramage from the University of Wisconsin to an entry-level contract.
Ramage, a native of St. Louis, MO, was the Calgary Flames 4th round pick (103rd overall) in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft and just finished his fourth and final season at the University of Wisconsin. The Badgers team captain finished his senior season with eight goals and 12 assists for 20 points and 65 penalty minutes in 42 games which were all career highs.
Contract terms: Two year entry-level contract with a base salary of $600,000 in each season (2013-14 and 2014-15) and an AAV of $900,000 (including entry-level performance bonuses).
JOHN RAMAGE – DEFENCEMAN
BORN: St. Louis, MO DATE: February 7, 1991
HEIGHT: 6'0” WEIGHT: 195 lbs.
SHOOTS: Right
HOW ACQUIRED: 4th round, 103rd overall, in the 2010 Entry Draft
Alabama chief justice Roy Moore suspended without pay for remainder of term Copyright by WIAT - All rights reserved In this photo taken on Tuesday, Feb. 17, 2015, Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore poses in front the the American flag, in Montgomery, Ala. The chief justice continues to fight against gay marriage in Alabama. Moore told state probate judges to... [ + - ] Video
MONTGOMERY, Ala. (WIAT) -- The Alabama Court of the Judiciary has suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore without pay for the remainder of his term in office.
The court ruled Friday morning to suspend Moore without pay for the remainder of his term in office. He will also have to pay for court costs.
Moore was found guilty on all six charges, that he failed to respect and comply with the law for telling probate judges not to allow same-sex marriages. The same panel removed Moore in 2003 after he refused to remove a Ten Commandments monument from the state judicial building. He was later re-elected as chief justice after losing a race for governor.
Our Michael Oder spoke to Moore's attorney for comment on the ruling. Mat Staver says he is disgusted by the decision, and that Moore was astonished.
UPDATE: Suspended Chief Justice Roy Moore issues statement on Judiciary Court ruling. #cbs42 pic.twitter.com/cddXN4rvrA — 📺's Michael Oder (@TVsMichaelOder) September 30, 2016
Moore's six year term lasts until 2019. The decision effectively removes him from the bench, because he will be past the age of eligibility to run for chief justice after this term.
CBS42 contacted Governor Bentley's office, who said Bentley had "no comment or reaction" to the Moore verdict. Read the full decision here.
Earlier this year, Moore topped a poll that sampled more than 600 Republicans, asking who they would vote for out a list of prospective candidates that also included Attorney General Luther Strange, Huntsville Mayor Tommy Battle, Congresswoman Martha Roby, Agriculture Commissioner John McMillan, Secretary of State John Merrill, Tim James (ran in 2010), Senate President Pro Tem Del Marsh, and State Treasurer Young Boozer. Moore topped the poll with 28 percent of the vote. Undecided was the next most popular choice with 24 percent.
The Associated Press contributed to this report
Riot Games, the developer behind the immensely popular free-to-play game League of Legends, is a juggernaut in the gaming industry. It's also one of the "100 Best Companies to Work For" according to Fortune (#39, down from #13 the year before, to be precise). One of the ways it reportedly maintains this pleasant work environment is by keeping an eye on what its employees say when they are playing League of Legends.
Unsurprisingly, a lot of the people who are involved with making League of Legends also play the game. A case study published on re:Work, a Google site dedicated to sharing better workplace practices, lays out why and how Riot observed employees:
The Riot team hypothesized there'd be a correlation between highly toxic in-game play and workplace toxicity; if a Rioter received lots of in-game complaints, the team assumed they'd have more friction with workplace teammates too.
Working from there, they took a look at employees' in-game behavior:
Riot looked at the preceding 12 months of gameplay of every employee and discovered there was a correlation between in-game and in-Riot toxicity. They determined that 25% of employees who had been let go in the previous year were players with unusually high in-game toxicity. The most common bad behaviors they found were passive aggression (snarky comments) and the use of authoritative language, sometimes using their authority as a Riot employee to intimidate or threaten others.
Riot then put the 30 "most toxic" employees two groups, those whose in-game chats merited a reprimand and another whose behavior meant they had to be fired.
Advertisement
The re:Work report says that the results were "overwhelmingly positive."
"Pretty much everyone we spoke with was appalled at their own behavior," said Riot's Head of Talent Jay Moldenhauer-Salazar in the case study write-up. "We actually received some essays from employees vowing to change their ways and become not just more considerate gamers but better people.”
First off: it's good that Riot is trying to be a pleasant place within an industry that can be awful to both consumers and workers, and especially workers who are women. That said, this sort of evaluation makes me pretty uneasy. What goes unmentioned in the report is whether employees were aware their behavior was being monitored, especially since the 30 employees Riot singled out were all "more junior Rioters, new to the working world." Also, how many people were let go as a part of the 25% statistic? I've reached out to Riot to ask for clarification on how aware employees are, and will update this post if they get back to me.
Advertisement
This is not a small company. Riot has had made a stratospheric amount of money since League of Legends was released in 2009. Chinese investment group Tencent spent $400 million for a majority stake in Riot in 2011, and the company made $1.6 billion dollars off League of Legends in 2015. In 2013 over 1000 people were working for Riot at several offices around the world. This is an organization with a lot of money and a lot of clout within the gaming industry.
It's true that there may not be a reasonable expectation of privacy in League of Legends chats, and that in-game behavior is relevant to an employee's work at the company. Nonetheless, quiet, long-term surveillance of employees during their leisure feels like a pretty alarming behavior, even in the service of a greater good.
Ethan Chiel is a reporter for Fusion, writing mostly about the internet and technology. You can (and should) email him at ethan.chiel@fusion.net
KIEV, Ukraine (JTA) — At an empty Chabad school near the banks of the Dnieper River here in Ukraine's capital city, six uniformed Jews with handguns and bulletproof vests are practicing urban warfare.
Leading the May 21 training is a brawny man who at irregular intervals barks Hebrew-language commands at the men to test their drilled responses to different scenarios, including “ma'atzor” (firearm malfunction) and “mekhabel” (terrorist).
The men, who belong to Kiev's newly formed Jewish Self-Defense Force, all have some combat skills from the Israeli or Ukrainian armies or background in martial arts, but they are clearly rusty. Living in a country that had been at peace since World War II, they hadn't expected to have to use their skills to defend their local Jewish community.
But that changed with the recent turmoil in the country. Amid the months of upheaval, there have been scattered attempts to torch synagogues, as well as assaults on Jews. Two rabbis were stabbed near Kiev's Great Choral Synagogue, one in January and the second in March.
Such incidents led to the creation and deployment of the self-defense force around some of Kiev's Jewish institutions ahead of the country's May 25 elections.
“We were naïve, I guess. We had thought this conflict would not affect the Jewish community, but now we know we are a target,” said Tzvi Arieli, the group's founder and trainer in techniques he mastered in the Israel Defense Forces. “Honestly, we should have formed this force months ago.”
Arieli and his team are worried that their community has become a pawn in the fight that pro-Russian separatists have waged against the Ukrainian government since the ouster of President Viktor Yanukovych in February.
“The separatists are on a mission to portray the Ukrainians as anti-Semites and to do that they are targeting the Jewish community,” said Gedaliah, another prominent member of the eight-man Jewish force who requested that only his first name be used. “Failing that, they'd love to illustrate how the Ukrainian government is helpless to protect the country's Jews and harm its legitimacy.”
But that helplessness is real enough, according to Gedaliah.
“The message we got from meetings with high-level officials is that however much they'd like to protect potential Jewish targets, they are overstretched, understaffed and simply not up to the task,” he said. “They basically told us to take steps to defend ourselves.”
Rabbi Yaakov Dov Bleich, a chief rabbi of Ukraine who leads the Great Choral Synagogue, several weeks ago gave the green light to the formation of the self-defense unit under Arieli's command.
The unit, its members say, has the backing of Ukrainian police.
“We have a direct line to police top brass in case any of our members are detained by police,” Arieli said.
The men are licensed to carry their own personal handguns for self-defense purposes. They also have five bulletproof vests that Arieli, a soft-spoken former emissary to Kiev of the Bnei Akiva Zionist youth movement, obtained from donors in Israel. The team also has baseball bats to wield as clubs, but no helmets or proper first-aid kits.
Arieli is currently working to raise additional funds on Facebook to buy gear for prospective new members.
At the schoolyard, the men practice running for cover as their comrades fire imaginary shots at an abstract enemy, shouting “bam, bam, bam” while pulling the triggers of their empty firearms.
They are all friends in their 20s to 40s, but there is little joking around. They go over the moves again and again, taking care to hug walls as they turn corners with their firearms extended until they secure the entire space.
Staggering under the weight of the 40-pound ceramic vest, Gedaliah shakes his head and says, “This is going to take some getting used to.”
On Election Day, the men plan to deploy around the Great Choral Synagogue and another undisclosed Jewish institution in the city, which has dozens of Jewish institutions.
“We can cover a fraction of the potential targets and always be ready to race to wherever we are needed,” said Meir, a former anti-aircraft soldier in the Ukrainian army. “But we can't secure all the Jewish institutions in Kiev.”
Image caption Col Mikolaj Przybyl asked reporters to leave before shooting himself
A Polish military prosecutor who survived shooting himself at the end of a news conference says he had faced threats to his life.
Col Mikolaj Przybyl said there was a contract out to kill him and that he had been accused of wrongdoing.
Col Przybyl had been defending a military inquiry into media leaks related to the air crash that killed the Polish president in 2010.
He turned his gun on himself after asking reporters to leave the room.
"I wanted to commit suicide but I aimed wrong, the shot came too soon," Col Przybyl told state news agency PAP in a telephone call from his hospital bed.
"The shot went through the cheek, not through the head because I was in a hurry," he said.
'Bounty'
He told the agency that threats had been made against him in connection with past investigations, although he did not specify who he thought was behind the threats.
"I could accept that they destroyed my car, loosened my wheels so I would kill myself. There was a million zloty ($300,000; £194,000) bounty on my head. They killed my dog," he said.
"I could not deal with the attacks related with accusations of illegal actions."
At the news conference in his office in Poznan, western Poland, Col Przybyl had denied that prosecutors had eavesdropped on journalists investigating the air crash.
He asked reporters to leave so that he could take "a break".
He told PAP that he had stood by a window when he pulled the trigger to prevent a ricochet hurting others.
Upon hearing a loud thud, reporters rushed back into the room to find Col Przybyl on the floor in a pool of blood.
Doctors have said he could return home as early as Thursday.
The plane taking then President Lech Kaczynski's delegation to a memorial service crashed in thick fog in Smolensk, western Russia, in April 2010.
Mr Kaczynski died along with his wife and 94 senior officials. Investigators blamed pilot error.
Poor quality education is being blamed for south Auckland high schools' low pakeha enrolments, but some community leaders say the issue is complicated and numbers are misleading.
Photo: 123rf.com
Some schools have no pakeha students, though white New Zealanders make up a fifth of the population in the region and a little under 5 percent of school-aged children in Mangere Otahuhu.
Brittany Jamieson, who grew up in the south Auckland suburb of Conifer Grove, went out of zone to Mt Albert Grammar School (MAGS) because she said it offered more opportunities.
"MAGS is a public school and so is my local school, so it's not like I was trying to get into that whole private school scene, but it's just that I couldn't even imagine my local school having sports like underwater hockey, or things like that.
"They don't have their own pool to use and MAGS has its own pool facility and two gyms and more science labs."
But community leaders say fear not facts is driving some students away - and not just those from pakeha families.
Otara-Papatoetoe Community Board chairman Efeso Collins said the move was based on the idea that students would get a better education out of south Auckland.
"So that's a mixture of white flight, but its also a mixture of the upwardly mobile Pacific and Māori families, who have the level of resource, to be able to send their kids into the city, or out of zone."
He said some schools needed to lift their performance, but the issue was much more complicated.
"No one wants to address the issue of going to school hungry, of kids not having the ability to get their uniforms right on time, and that makes kids feel inadequate when they're going to school and they're wearing, during the winter time, they're still wearing their summer uniform because their parents can't afford the winter uniform."
Schools' success 'not recognised'
Auckland University Pacific Studies associate professor Damon Salesa is a board member of Sir Edmund Hillary Collegiate and Tamaki College.
He said the problem started in the early 1990s and nothing had changed, with many south Auckland high schools not recognised for their successes.
"The big thing is to protect the reputations of these schools because they're so fragile. People are looking for any reason, any justification for not sending their children to these schools.
"Whereas a school like Auckland Grammar is immune to what its students do."
Otahuhu College principal Neil Watson said white flight was not an issue, and the statistics were misleading.
His own school, which has a roll of more than 1000 students, has around 80 pakeha students.
"The makeup of the Mangere Otahuhu population is around 19.5 percent European, but if you actually break it down by the age levels you'll find it's not 19.5 percent school age children, and it's ridiculous to say it is."
Statistics New Zealand said of the roughly 19,000 children in Mangere Otahuhu aged from five to 19, about 4.6 percent were pakeha.
Mr Watson said his school had many sporting and academic achievements and worked hard to be part of the community.
Pakeha student at low decile schools decline
The low pakeha enrolment in some south Auckland schools is against the background of a fall in the number of pakeha students overall, and a steep drop at low decile schools.
Education Minister figures show the number of pakeha students attending low-decile schools has about halved since 2000.
Last year there were 30,792 in decile 1-3 schools, down from 60,431 in 2000. That means they have gone from providing 32 percent of the students in low-decile schools to just 18 percent.
The drop happened at the same time as a fall in the number of pakeha students overall, from about 470,000, or 65 percent of the school population, to about 412,000 or 52 percent. However, during that time the number of pakeha students in deciles 8-10 schools increased.
Mayoral candidates call for more quality education
At last week's Auckland mayoral debate on Morning Report, the city's four main candidates blamed 'white flight' on a divided society and poor schooling.
Mark Thomas said the council's role was to provide more affordable housing and better facilities.
John Palino said it reflected Auckland's changing society.
"I mean as far as schools, why pakeha go to different schools is because parents want their children to go to better schools."
Phil Goff also blamed poor education at many of the south Auckland schools.
"My kids went to one of those south Auckland schools, it's a decile one school, Papakura. I don't think that it does its duty by the students that go there. I think we are not getting the quality that we need in some of those schools."
Vic Crone said Māori and Pacific communities were experiencing increasing alienation.
"I think that the Mayor of Auckland has a role to play in championing a city that is more inclusive and more compassionate."
Anatomy Of A Comcastrophe: A Look Back At How Comcast Failed To Buy Time Warner Cable For $45B
We were skeptical from the start , but obviously someone at Comcast believed that the company would eventually be allowed to acquire Time Warner Cable for the massive sum of $45 billion. Yet this morning the nation's largest pay-TV and Internet provider walked away from the mega-merger that would have given it unprecedented market share in both of these industries and control over cable and broadband service for the two largest cities in the U.S. So how did we get here?
Let's take a look back at the timeline for this multibillion-dollar Comcastrophe:
• Nov. 2013: We hear the first whispers of a merger between Time Warner Cable and other companies, including Charter and Comcast.
• Dec. 2013: When a hookup between Comcast and TWC was still only a rumor, FCC Commissioner Ajit Pai expresses skepticism that such a huge acquisition would ultimately be approved by the current Commission.
• Jan. 13, 2014: Before Comcast publicly proposed to Time Warner Cable, TWC had to give a less-attractive suitor the boot, rejecting a $37.3 billion offer from the backers of Charter Communications. Little did Charter know that Comcast had been quietly wooing new TWC CEO Rob Marcus the whole time.
• Feb. 13, 2014: Comcast officially confirmed its plan to acquire TWC, claiming it would bring better customer service (it couldn't get worse), more innovation and savings (for the company; not customers). The company was already sniffing out antitrust concerns, hinting that it would consider divesting some of its 20+ million customers in order to make the deal more palatable.
• Feb. 23, 2014: After months of decreasing download speeds for its subscribers as Comcast allowed data to bottleneck, Netflix announces that it has made a deal with Comcast to pay for better and more direct access to Comcast end users. The announcement has the effect of making Comcast look like a passive-aggressive bully and raised questions about the company's alleged support of net neutrality. This is not what Comcast needs when trying to impress regulators.
• March 7, 2014: Wherein we debunk Comcast's repeated claims that there is a “highly competitive and dynamic marketplace” for cable and broadband.
• March 20, 2014: An SEC filing about the merger reveals that new TWC CEO Rob Marcus could rake in as much as $79.9 million just for sitting back and letting his company be acquired. Not bad for only a few months on the job.
• March 26, 2014: The first group with a direct financial interest in the merger — the Writers Guild of America — comes out publicly in opposition to the deal.
• March 29, 2014: Comcast CEO Brian Roberts is the subject of a New York Times love letter in which he laments that the non-competitive structure of the cable industry has resulted in his company being shut out of the NYC market. Roberts glosses over the part about how his company has benefited from these regional exclusivity deals and would not have become the nation's largest pay-TV provider without them.
• April 8, 2014: Comcast officially files merger paperwork with the FCC. In the documents it claims that, in spite of evidence to the contrary, there is plenty of broadband competition out there because people can get data over their phones.
• April 28, 2014: The threesome of Comcast, TWC, and Charter announce their plans to swap franchises in a handful of markets and for about 4 million current Comcast/TWC customers to be spun off into a new company that would be controlled, in part, by Charter.
• May 15, 2014: Comcast Exec VP David Cohen, the mouthpiece of the merger, says that the company expects to have data caps — sorry, data thresholds — in place across its entire footprint within five years.
• June 19, 2014: A national survey from our colleagues at Consumer Reports finds that the majority of Americans oppose the merger.
• July 9, 2014: Dish calls on the FCC to block the merger, saying that there are no conditions that could make it acceptable for the two companies to combine.
• Aug. 22, 2014: We get our first glimpse at the extensive information requests being made by the FCC about this merger. The breadth and scope of these requests are the first real signs that the Commission will not be rubber-stamping this acquisition.
• Aug. 29, 2014: While regulators in D.C. had the ultimate say on the merger, state-level regulators were also involved, especially in California and New York, where millions of people in those states' two largest markets would be changed over from TWC to Comcast. This story represented the first rumblings that the New York Public Service Commission might push back against Comcast's entry into the NYC market.
• Sept. 3, 2014: The 4 million Comcast/TWC customers who were to be handed off to a new spun-off company learn that company's name: GreatLand Connections.
• Sept. 8, 2014: Fearing backlash from Comcast and its NBC Universal properties, many media companies were reluctant to publicly express concerns about the merger. But Discovery chose to put its name on its filing in opposition to the deal.
• Sept. 24, 2014: Comcast says that opposition to the merger is just “extortion;” merger opponents suggest the company look up the definition of this word in the dictionary.
• Oct. 20, 2014: Reports indicate that Dept. of Justice antitrust lawyers are digging “deep in the weeds” in their review of the merger, once again indicating that this will not be a cake walk for Comcast.
• Oct. 24, 2014: Various antitrust experts from around the country bring their concerns about the merger to the FCC.
• Dec. 11, 2014: Pennsylvania's two U.S. Senators, Pat Toomey and Bob Casey, send a joint letter to FCC Chair Tom Wheeler asking him to hurry up and approve this awesome merger already… without mentioning that the two lawmakers had received a combined $184,000 in contributions from Comcast in their most recent election cycles.
• Dec. 30, 2014: A year-end review of national customer service and satisfaction surveys shows that Comcast and TWC are at the bottom in nearly every single category.
• Jan. 26, 2015: It's revealed that a number of letters sent to the FCC by local politicians in support of the Comcast merger were actually written (or at least initially drafted) by Comcast.
• Feb. 16, 2015: The California Public Utility Commission recommends a number of conditions for allowing TWC to swap franchises with Comcast and Charter, but Comcast pushes back on anything having to do with improving its heavily criticized Internet Essentials program for low-income households.
• Feb. 17, 2015: Formerly positive analysts downgrade the odds of a successful Comcast/TWC merger, giving it only a 60% chance of approval.
• April 6, 2015: A report shows that much of the public support for the Comcast merger came from groups that received money from Comcast.
• April 10, 2015: California Public Utility Commissioner Mike Florio proposes that the state block TWC from transferring its franchises over to Comcast.
• April 17, 2015: The first reports that antitrust lawyers at the DOJ were leaning toward blocking the merger. To do so, the DOJ would have needed to sue Comcast in federal court.
• April 21, 2015: Six U.S. Senators, including Al Franken (Minnesota) and Elizabeth Warren (Massachusetts), write to FCC Chair Wheeler and U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder, asking them to put an end to the merger.
• April 22, 2015: The Wall Street Journal reports that the FCC is going to recommend that the merger go before an administrative law judge — a sign of almost certain doom for any acquisition.
• April 23, 2015: Multiple reports claim that, after meetings with both the DOJ and FCC, Comcast will back out of the deal.
• April 24, 2015: The end of the road. Comcast confirms it is canceling the merger plans.
CLOSE A hungry bear got its own Thanksgiving dinner last week at Rideout Elementary School near Tahoe City, Calif. The bear broke into the school and feasted on red pepper and cocoa in the pantry. North Tahoe fire crews got the cub out unharmed. Provided by North Tahoe Fire Protection District,, and Placer Co. Sheriff's Office
A 350-pound black bear runs for freedom into the Sierra above Carson City on Oct. 24, 2013. Bears that grow accustomed to scavenging human food are at greater risk of being subject to the trauma of trapping or drugging and relocation. (Photo: Marilyn Newton/RGJ FILE )
We've officially arrived at the point where people need to be told taking 'selfies' with bears is a bad idea.
That's according to officials with the U.S. Forest Service in charge of maintaining the popular Taylor Creek Visitor Center in South Lake Tahoe.
The creek is the site of a spectacular annual run of kokanee salmon, which also attracts hungry bears.
And lately it's also attracting lots of smart phone-wielding photographers desperate for unique social media profile photos.
"We've had mobs of people that are actually rushing toward the bears trying to get a 'selfie' photo," said Lisa Herron, spokesperson for the Lake Tahoe Basin Management Unit.
The problem is getting bad enough that officials are threatening to close down the area if that's what it takes to keep careless people away from dangerous wildlife.
More: It's winter in Reno and Tahoe, so here come the bears
More: PETA honors Truckee police for bear cub rescue [with rescue video]
"It is very possible, yes," Herron said. "It is presenting a safety issue. We are afraid someone is going to get attacked."
Bear attacks on people are extremely rare. But people hassling the animals in their natural habitat increases the likelihood of danger. Herron said she heard one report of a bear charging a group. But no injuries were reported, she said.
In addition to bear selfies, Herron said people are stopping their cars along California State Route 89 and running across the highway to get a closer look at the animals. They're also charging off trails, through the forest and even over the creek to get closer to the hungry bears, she said.
"We are telling people they need to stay on the trails and they need to stay away form the bears," she said. "If a bear has a mind to it can run very fast."
People who are more interested in bear safety than bear selfies can go here to learn about how to act properly in bear country.
CLOSE A well-traveled recreation and hiking area outside of Denver is closed because people were spotted with selfie sticks trying to capture the perfect photo... with wild bears. Water department officials are now warning visitors to keep their distance. VPC
Read or Share this story: https://on.rgj.com/1wqwu65
When I looked for tools to track and analyze OpenGL calls in Overgrowth, the best I could find was a commercial program called GDebugger by a company called Graphics Remedy. The trial version worked well for me on all platforms I tried, including Mac, Windows and iOS. However, it was too expensive for us to afford the full version.
That all changed yesterday, when gDebugger was released for free! Here are some of the gDebugger analysis tools running on the Mac build of Overgrowth:
Historically one of the biggest weaknesses of OpenGL has been its lack of free tools, while DirectX had tools like Microsoft PIX and NVPerfHUD. Now that gDebugger is free and has comparable functionality, the field is more even, at least for now.
There are still a number of questions that need to be answered before we really know what this means for the future. For example, will it continue to be free? Will Graphics Remedy continue maintaining it? Why is it free all of a sudden? When I asked Graphics Remedy these questions, they responded, "Yes," "Yes" and, "Cannot say much at this point."
It's definitely worth checking gDebugger out if you are an OpenGL programmer, or if you feel like analyzing your favorite OpenGL games with it. If you'd like to download gDebugger you can get it here, and get the free license here.
NEW YORK -- The union representing NFL on-the-field officials criticized the league Thursday for inconsistencies in grading calls, including two high-profile penalties from recent games.
In a release, the NFL Referees' Association says the NFL has "caused confusion for NFL officials as to what the league does and doesn't want called."
The union referred to penalties on Washington's Chris Baker for a hit on Eagles quarterback Nick Foles on Sept. 21, and to Chiefs safety Husain Abdullah on Monday night for going to his knees to celebrate an interception return for a touchdown. Abdullah actually had gone to his knees to pray -- an act exempted from celebration penalties.
Chiefs safety Husain Abdullah received a penalty Monday night for going to his knees to pray -- an act exempted from celebration penalties. Denny Medley/USA TODAY Sports
The union says both calls were graded as correct even after NFL executives announced that they were incorrect. Baker got a 15-yard penalty and was ejected from the game at Philadelphia. Abdullah also received a 15-yard penalty.
"Consistency in penalty enforcement is extremely important to the players, coaches and fans. Uncertainty as to what the league wants called is not a road you want to go down," said Jim Quirk, executive director of the NFLRA.
Quirk noted that Baker was penalized for a blindsided block on Foles as a personal foul. A brawl followed near the Washington sideline, and Eagles tackle Jason Peters was also ejected.
Two days later, Troy Vincent, the NFL's executive vice president of football operations, said the hit was legal and should not have been penalized. Yet, the NFLRA said, the league's officiating department a day later graded the call as correct.
In the case of Abdullah, a devout Muslim who took off a year from football to go on a pilgrimage to Mecca, the league said Tuesday that the penalty was in error.
The NFL responded with a statement Thursday.
"The officiating supervisors recognize that for an incorrect call on a close judgment play the official may have used appropriate reasoning," league spokesman Michael Signora said. "On such a call, the official is not downgraded."
Signora went on to address each situation. In the case of Foles, he said, "It was not a foul because the quarterback was pursuing the play, the contact was not to the head or neck area, and the play was not over. However, the referee -- watching the play at full speed and without the benefit of a replay review -- judged that the block was late and threw a flag. While not a correct call, we understand why it was made."
As far as Abdullah, Signora said: "A player who goes to the ground as part of religious expression should not be penalized. While he did slide immediately before beginning his prayer, this was not a correct call and the play should not have resulted in a penalty."
Regardless, said former NFLRA president Scott Green, a recently retired referee, there's a communications problem between the NFL and its game officials.
"It seems there is a disconnect between what the officiating department expects from officials and the public statements being made by league executives," Green said. "It certainly creates uncertainty for the guys making split-second decisions on the field."
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
A MOTORIST went on the wrong side of the road and drove into a motorcyclist before speeding off, in an apparent 'road rage' attack.
The rider suffered serious injuries and was rushed to hospital while the driver sped off through the traffic.
The dramatic incident was caught on camera by another motorist, who was sat in traffic in Thomas Lewis Way in Southampton at the time.
The motorcyclist, a 22-year-old man from Bitterne, was taken to hospital where he was treated for multiple fractures of his wrist, a dislocated shoulder, ligament damage and a severely bruised and swollen hand.
He now faces a lengthy time off work to recover.
It has been claimed on social media that the driver of the Audi - said to be a woman - had previously opened her door as he rode past and after he shouted at her, she went on the wrong side of the road to catch up with him.
The incident happened at the junction with Horseshoe Bridge, on the carriageway heading towards Bevois Valley, at 11.49am on Thursday.
The dashcam video has been watched more than 50,000 times, after being uploaded yesterday.
It clearly shows the car on the opposite side of the road and cutting back in, as the rider jumps off his motorcycle in an attempt to get out of the way.
Then, as the driver of the car with the camera turns into Horseshoe Bridge, the Audi pushes in front and overtakes a lorry turning into Empress Road, before driving off.
The incident has been reported to police, who have yet to make any arrests. They were called to the scene and took statements from witnesses and are studying the footage.
A spokesperson for Hampshire Constabulary said they are appealing for any more witnesses to come forward with information that may help them, by calling 101.
Taking notes and organizing data with Windows Phone has never been an issue. We've got Office, OneNote, and a variety of big name third party apps, like Evernote , to help keep you focused and on top of your work. Here's another gem from the Windows Phone Store that you might like. It's called Node and is currently free for a limited time.
What makes Node shine? Good design and the ability to deep link and cross link to various parts within the app. Let's look at the features of Node:
So how is Node different than OneNote or Evernote? Fundamentally it isn't, they're all more similar than dissimilar. But what makes Node special (besides a nice design) is its ability to create a ‘web' with all your notes, images, to do tasks, etc. For example, I could create a section for all the app reviews I'm working on for Windows Phone Central. Within a specific app review, I can link back to other relevant nodes to help organize my thoughts. If that sounds confusing, just download the app and play around. You'll see what I mean when you ‘add existing'.
What could really make Node great is a companion app, either for Windows 8 or a web based solution. Other than that, Node is a compelling organization app to help keep you focused.
Node is currently free for Windows Phone 8 AND 7.x. You can grab it here in the Windows Phone Store, use the QR code below, or swipe to the right in our Windows Phone Central app.
Thanks for the tip Sanjeev S!
By Kelly Fitzpatrick for Life by Daily Burn
Jackfruit has been a mainstay in South Asian cuisine for centuries. Now this funny-looking, pungent fruit is gaining popularity amongst vegan and vegetarian communities in the U.S, too. Despite its somewhat funky smell, the fruit's flesh absorbs the flavor of almost anything you cook with it. It also has a meaty texture, making it a great substitute for animal protein. (Did we mention it's naturally soy- and grain-free as well?) Even if you're a committed carnivore, here's why jackfruit is worth tracking down. Plus, get recipes to enjoy it in its traditional curry preparation -- or in creative and yummy barbecue or even dessert.
Daily Burn: 3 Questions to Ask Yourself Before Going Vegan
Jackfruit: A Delicious and Nutritious Meat Alternative
The list of jackfruit's nutritional benefits could go on and on. "It has a lot of phytonutrients," says Susannah Baldock, MPH, RD, founder of The Roving Dietitian. "And a lot of anti-aging, anti-hypertensive, anti-cancer and anti-ulcer properties." More specifically, it's high in the antioxidants, vitamins A and C, which neutralize free-radicals in the body, and may help prevent heart attacks and strokes.
Jackfruit is also a good source of potassium (helpful in maintaining healthy blood pressure), zinc (needed for immune function) and has a small amount of iron, which is essential for blood production. Plus, the seeds contain probiotics, Baldock explains, which keep your gut healthy.
Even better: Jackfruit's fiber content is significantly higher than that of meat. In fact, it contains three grams per cup, whereas most beef products contain zero fiber. It also satisfies most health gurus' checklist of good-for-you foods, as it's low in calories, almost completely fat-free, and low in sodium. The only downfall: protein. (It only packs about two grams per cup.) To make up the difference in your dishes, Baldock suggests simply adding legumes, beans or quinoa.
Jacked Up Dishes You'll Love
Jackfruit comes in lots of preparations, but its most distinct form is the whole fruit -- both ripe and unripe. (If you've ever seen one in person, they're pretty huge.) Baldock warns that while they're usually found as the ripe type here in the U.S. (which means they're super sweet), it's the unripe version that works for savory recipes.
For those heartier dishes, look for young, unripe green or white jackfruit, which you can usually find canned in water or brine. Just keep an eye on sodium when it's packed with brine or make sure to thoroughly rinse before you use -- doing so can reduce the salt by about 41 percent, Baldock says.
When you're looking to bake with the sweet or ripe fruit, find it fresh, frozen or canned. (Try to avoid it canned in syrup, though, as the fruit just soaks up the added sugar). Sweet jackfruit tastes great in smoothies or as a base for ice cream and fritters.
Dried or baked sweet and savory jackfruit varieties also make for great homemade chips or dried fruit. And you can even use the seeds in chutneys or curry-based dishes, or roast 'em and add to spreads like hummus. (Just don't forget to peel and cook the seeds, otherwise they're toxic. Here's a how-to on cutting a whole fruit and cooking the seeds.)
No Asian grocery in your area? Buy canned jackfruit online (it's on Amazon). Then whip up a delicious dish by following these recipes.
4 Jackfruit Recipes to Try
1. BBQ Jackfruit Sandwiches with Avocado Slaw
The classic sloppy Joe gets a makeover, and even meat-eaters might be fooled by jackfruit's shredded texture. This super-simple 10-ingredient recipe relies on prepared BBQ sauce for a quick and easy shortcut, making it the perfect weeknight, family-friendly dinner. Photo and recipe: Dana Shultz / Minimalist Baker
2. Easy Jackfruit Curry
Mix up this easy-to-make curry to enjoy jackfruit in its most traditional South Asian preparation. This simple dish requires just 15 minutes of active prep time and 45 minutes of simmering, which will make your kitchen smell amazing -- and the food taste even better. Photo and recipe: Richa Hingle / Vegan Richa
3. Spicy Chipotle Garlic Jackfruit Tacos<
Shredded jackfruit made Mexican style will add a little spice to your life. These yummy tacos pack so much flavor (thanks to seasonings like cumin, coriander, chipotle peppers and more), we promise you won't even miss the meat. Photo and recipe: Richa Hingle / Vegan Richa
4. Jackfruit-Coconut Macaroons
Looking to harness the naturally sweet flavor of ripe jackfruit? Look no further. This tropical take on a traditional cookie is so satisfying you only need one. Photo and recipe: Rianne / Art of Dessert
Rosetta Philae Artist Impression ESA
"Time is running out" for the Philae comet lander, according to the European Space Agency.
Philae reached the surface of a comet in 2014, after descending from the Rosetta space probe. ESA has sadly failed to communicate consistently with the robot, following a brief 57 hour window after it successfully landed on comet 67P, also known as Churyumov-Gerasimenko.
Advertisement
Now ESA have sent a "last-ditch" message to the lander in an attempt to trigger a response -- and the bad news is that it seems to have failed.
Read next Comet 67P gives up more of its secrets: Nasa spots a landslide on Churyumov–Gerasimenko Comet 67P gives up more of its secrets: Nasa spots a landslide on Churyumov–Gerasimenko
"Time is running out, so we want to explore all possibilities," said Stephan Ulamec, Philae lander manager, in a statement.
There's been nothing back yet. If there's no response by the end of January, Philae will be in trouble -- because the comet is rapidly moving further and further away from the Sun, conditions on its surface will soon be too hostile for it to survive.
Philae has had a bad run of luck since it descended to the comet's surface. First, its harpoons failed to anchor it to the surface of the comet, leaving it bouncing around and ending up a significant distance from its original target. When it eventually settled, it was in an area of low sunlight -- meaning its solar panels couldn't get enough light to power its battery.
It eventually woke up as it got closer to the Sun, but the team lost contact again in 2015.
Advertisement
The team hope that if the new command is successfully received, it may shift Philae's position. "At best, the spacecraft might shake dust from its solar panels and better align itself with the Sun," explained Philae's technical manager Koen Geurts.
It's best not to hold out too much hope, though -- according to Ulamec, "Philae's silence does not bode well".
The Rosetta mission is set to continue until the end of September, and a communication unit will remain switched on in case Philae decides to communicate with the team beyond January.
After a bit of an adventure with the planning department, I have a building permit to build an observatory out in Lake Riverside. I wrote earlier (Regulated! and Regulatory Update) about how Riverside County made us go through a formal process so that we could even apply for the building permit.
The building permit process went much as we expected it. After about a month, the on-line status showed that Building and Safety had looked at it, rejected it and passed it on to Engineering. They had some updates, and our architect took care of those and resubmitted the plans. Then the fun began.
I received a call in early October from Building and Safety. I was told that they “just realized that our property is in a high-fire zone.” Let's see. The county had the plan through two planning processes since the first week of July. And they “just realized” the fire classification? The net was that I was called the next week and told that the plans were ready but I would need clearance from the Fire Safety Department.
I spoke with the representative in the office. She said she didn't want me to panic, but the rules stated that there is a 100′ setback rule, mandated by state law, in any high-fire area. I told her that this couldn't make sense because that would make about 2/3 of my property unusable. She said to come in, an appointment wasn't necessary. So I worked my schedule to stop at the office in Riverside on the morning of October 17th.
I'll just cut to the chase. The gentlemen I spoke with that morning basically said that the law is the law and that 100′ setbacks are required in a high-fire area. It didn't matter that those setbacks would render a 350′ square lot mostly useless. I was a bit upset, but he said that I could set-up time with his boss and we could look at the plans and perhaps a mitigating plan could be put in place. I left in a state of shock. I had spent over three months and almost $4,000 in fees to Riverside County and they were saying there is no way the structure could be permitted.
I met with another contractor the next day. He had been recommended by Dennis McQueary, the plumber who has done a lot of very good work for us. The consensus was that I should go to the Murietta Fire Safety office and see what I could do there.
I arranged my schedule so I could go out there the morning of October 30th. That required driving to Lake Riverside the night before to get there at a reasonable time in the morning. I prepared pictures, printed out Google Maps and aerial photos, I had a whole story set up. After all, the law defines “high-fire” as covered in brush and remote from roads. The area around the house is neither. I was ready.
I got to the office, and the person at the desk went to the back to get the fire safety officer. I told him my story. Permit denied, no point in leaving for review, must make an appointment. He asked who had told me I needed an appointment and I told him. He said “let's look at the plans.” It was straightforward. 280 square feet, next to a gravel drive, about 100′ from 5,000 gallons of water. Het stepped to the next cubicle and I heard the tapping of a keyboard. He returned with a stamp and started stamping and signing each page. The stamp said “approved.” I left the office shortly a very happy man.
At this point, I decided to push it all the way. I went to Riverside and picked up the permit. There were a few other bumps, but they were all cleared within about 90 minutes from when I arrived at the Building and Safety office. I left with approved plans, a building permit, and a job card. Ready to go!
The project isn't totally a go yet. We still need to have a contractor's bid that can be built within our budget. I'm keeping my fingers crossed.
Here are some of the details of the planned (and permitted!) observatory. The first image is the floor plan. You can see the large observatory area with room for two telescopes, a good-sized warm room, and a place for the pump equipment.
This next image is the elevation from the east, looking at the entry door to the warm room.
Finally, here is the planned site for the building, next to the existing pump equipment. The rough position is outlined in green.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
More
Reddit
Print
Why do English sociologists and politicians find riots so much more explicable when they happen overseas? Nina Power finds an international logic behind 'national' expressions of rage
The idea of the nation, so beloved of governments and right-wingers everywhere, also holds the steady gaze of the media, always keen to hand-wring and pronounce upon how the social compact is being eroded by malign, usually ‘external' forces. But somehow it seems much easier for newspapers to understand what is happening elsewhere, or at least to try to explain it: thus in the case of the Stockholm riots, British papers - where they have covered it at all - have been surprisingly sociological. These riots are a direct result of police harassment, youth unemployment, racism and economic inequality. They were triggered, as so often, by a police killing, and the angry response that followed - burning cars, property damage, attacking a police station - is a rational reaction both to the killing and to the larger socio-economic situation. Despite its (rapidly-dwindling) reputation for generous welfare provision, high living standards, tolerance and other Scandinavian stereotypes, Sweden has now joined other European countries - France and England - in experiencing riots in their cities within the past decade.
This is the story the UK media feels it can tell about what is happening in Sweden, and depending on the political persuasion of the outlet, it will focus on one or other of the ‘causes': the original killing of the 69-year old man, or youth unemployment, the absence of housing, or rapidly widening economic inequality (the fastest of any OECD economy in the past 25 years we are told), or problems around the ‘assimilation' and ‘integration' of immigrants, or everyday police violence and racism. But everyone agrees on one thing - it is possible to understand why these riots are happening. But how strange! When rioting broke out in London and other English cities in August 2011, following the police murder of Mark Duggan in Tottenham, an economically-deprived part of North London, it was as if all explanations had suddenly been taken away: ‘now is not the time to explain, now is the time to act!', ‘we don't care why this is happening, we just want it to stop!', ‘more police now!', with the prime minister, David Cameron weighing in with the mighty sociological suggestion that this was ‘criminality pure and simple'. How curious that it should be so much easier for the British media to comment on the Swedish situation than it was to comment on its own! But this is how the fantasy-logic of nations works: ignore the larger picture, shrug off global trends and patterns, stress the singularity and specificity of events so that it becomes impossible to understand how unemployment in certain cities, say, relates to the global economic crisis. We even have this admission from the BBC: ‘But there does seem to be a particular Swedish problem. The country had a reputation for generosity and an especially welcoming attitude but now something is clearly going wrong.' ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-22650267 ) - the implication perhaps being that Britain has a reputation for being unkind, so that any riots that follow are perfectly well to be expected in such a cruel and inhospitable environment.
But of course there are certain trans-national makeshift ‘explanations' that do shift from country to country: it's all the fault of the families! Lack of male role-models! Lack of willingness to learn English ... I mean, Swedish! These reactionary discourses play into the hands of those who would seek to profit from the separation of the population into ‘us' and ‘them' by conveniently ignoring the rather more obvious pressures of unemployment, poverty, racism and having nowhere to live. The discourse then becomes one of ‘violence', and just as Cameron and other British politicians couldn't fall over themselves fast enough to condemn the ‘violence' of the rioters two summers ago, we have Fredrik Reinfeldt's statement: ‘ We have groups of young men who think that that they can and should change society with violence. Let's be clear: this is not okay. We cannot be ruled by violence'.
In the years since students took to London streets and damaged the Tory party headquarters in protest at the tripling of tuition fees to £9,000 a year, and the many protests that have followed, including the riots of 2011, the question of violence, who has the monopoly on it, and the way the media uses this emotive term has come into sharp focus. What was the smashing of a few windows compared to the destruction of the future of many? How is it possible to compare the burning of a few cars to being daily harassed and insulted by the police? Where a person has been killed by the state, what reaction could possibly be sufficient to express the anger and pain induced? Can politicians adequately empathise with people who have been locked out of work, housing and society at large? And yet the ‘violence' that scandalises the media is always violence against property, never the daily violence against the person, even where that person has been killed. ‘We cannot be ruled by violence' says Reinfeldt, but people are, continually: why feign surprise when they start to fight back?
Riots are always an unexpected shock – until, that is, they happen. Which they do, and will do increasingly so long as the project to privatise, financialise, monetise and securitise human life continues. These measures are predicated upon and require the widening of economic inequality, the very factor that will always generate social unrest, especially if combined with police violence and racist abuse. A short while ago I visited Sweden and spoke to people who were shocked to hear about library closures, the selling off of the National Health Service and other attacks on what minimal ‘public' and ‘social' life is left in Britain. Some found it difficult to imagine such things happening in Sweden, and even harder to imagine any kind of uprising in response: but here you are – this is not a ‘Swedish' problem, or a ‘national' question but an international and a human question. It is not too late to understand why people are angry – and all you need to do is look to Britain to see a perfect example of what not to do next.
This article was written for DN Kultur:
http://www.dn.se/kultur-noje/debatt-essa/ilskan-i-...
On the UK riots in August 2011:
http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2011/aug/08/context-london-riots?INTCMP=SRCH
It's the holiday times, and with that comes the stress of shopping for others. In my experience, you can never go wrong with getting someone some awesome kitchen toys and you may even get some delicious food out of it. I just threw together a small list of items that I think are necessary for every kitchen. Bonus is they all cost around $50 or less :) Without further hesitation, here we go:
The Slow Cooker changed my life when I used to work 80 hours a week because all my meals would cook while I worked and I could eat when I got home with no dishes. I honestly believe this is the most underrated but most valuable kitchen appliance that exists. Everyone needs one and this is my personal favorite. Click on the image below or click HERE.
Before I started cooking, I had no idea what an immersion blender was outside of a counter top ornament. Once I learned I became addicted to this powerful little tool. I love making soups in the fall and the worst part was always transferring it in batches to a blender. That meant more dishes and more work, NO THANK YOU. With this snazzy tool you just blend it in the pan and Voila. Enough said, grab one of these for yourself or loved ones by clicking on the image below or HERE.
So I would not be surprised if you have never heard of Bulletproof Coffee, but I am addicted. When I started it involved so many dishes to have a glass that I became frustrated. Then my best friend Abel introduced me to this little gem. Now I go to Starbucks or my favorite coffee shop, bring my own butter and blend away. I have carried this same frother for 6 months through 20+ plane trips and car rides and it is still going strong. There are tons of other uses for it too, but I just use it for coffee. Get it by clicking on the image below or HERE.
I feel like this tool has revolutionized the way everybody eats vegetables in the world this year. I had never heard of one and then all of a sudden everyone was posting about owning a spiral slicer. So being the curious George I am, I bought 2 just in case 1 broke. I still have them both and I use them weekly. I made everything from sweet potato and apple noodles to cucumber and zucchini noodles. This thing is AMAZING and it belongs in every household. Click on the image below or click HERE.
Just in case you didn't know, Juli from PaleOMG and I are almost done with our brand-new cookbook, The Paleo Kitchen. Eeeek, I am so excited that I could pee myself but I know there is still a ton of work to do with edits and writing before it hits your hands. Just the thought of you holding it makes me work so much harder though. I never thought I would ever know how to cook, never mind write a book so I will probably cry a lot when it's done. I am already stocking up on tissues though so no worries. For the holidays I also compiled a list of all my favorite Paleo cookbooks that will make perfect gifts or stocking stuffers this year. So make sure you pre-order ours and then get the rest on the list by clicking on the image below or HERE.
I am a huge supporter of my friend Steve and the amazing job he does using Steve's PaleoGoods to create amazing Paleo products for all of us to eat while donating 15% of ALL proceeds to his non-profit Steve's Club. I have personally flown out to New Jersey and met the kids of Steve's Club and they changed my life forever. I will always be a supporter and do my best to spread the word about the amazing things happening there. Make sure you stock up on some PaleoGoods for yourself or friends and help support and amazing cause by clicking on the image below or HERE.
When I started cooking, I always had the wrong ideas of what I needed. Everyone used to tell me that nice knives were always expensive and you needed like 25 of them. 3 years later and many trials with knives and I still use the same 8 inch chef's knife everyday for almost everything I do. I have 10 knives in my block that have NEVER been used and probably won't be. I will save you some money and just tell you know, all you need is 2-3 good knives and it will all start with a Chef's Knife like the picture below. Keep it sharp and you will have it forever. Click on the image below or click HERE.
This is my back up tool to that amazing spiral slicer I listed up top. This makes quick work turning any vegetable into awesome noodles or just sweet decorative pieces. If you are anything like me, I like to feel fancy with my Google chef training and that means using big word little tools to make funky vegetable cuts to garnish with. That was definitely not a complete sentence but I laughed and the point is, you will use this and love it. Stuff it in your stocking or all your friends. Get it by clicking on the image below or clicking HERE.
Have you ever realized that all the fancy recipes have zest of something in them? I figured out the way for people to think you are a famous chef, is just to zest something on top of the food. You can best lemon, lime, orange, or bacon. I prefer bacon most of the time and no one complains. Seriously though, there is nothing like freshly grated nutmeg or lemon on top of certain dishes. This is an awesome tool to keep around for when you want a fresh kick to your palate. Click on the image below to start zesting everything or just click HERE.
I LOVE COFFEE. There is no secret there. I talk about it all the time and don't think I will ever change. What I realized though that I could have much more coffee if I made it at home because it is like 1/3 the price I jumped on it. I got all scientific with pour over, chemex and french press while weighing and measuring coffee and water and that was just too much. I just wanted some espresso for my americanos and this solved that problem. I even brought this Aeropress to Afghanistan with me and used it daily. This this is pure genius and everyone I know that has one LOVES it. Get yours by clicking on the image below or HERE.
Something that happens all the time to food bloggers, are nasty comments about how the recipe didn't work. It is just a fact of life and we live with it. One tip I have to mitigate it though is to have an amazing digital thermometer. As much as I wish that you could put EVERY chicken in the oven at 350 Degrees for 35 minutes and it would be done, that is just not the case. You have to take into account user error, broken ovens, altitude, barometric pressure, wind direction, and distance from the equator while cooking, even more so while baking. As awesome as I think I am, I just can't nail all those factors every time. Therefore you need a digital thermometer so I can just tell you to bake a chicken until it reaches a certain temperature and we are all happy :) Just click on the image below or click HERE.
I can't make any jokes about this one. I can't overstate how important it is to have a sharp knife when your cooking. I honestly think dull knives are more dangerous than sharp ones and we will leave it at that. Like I said above, you only need 1 good knife and it has to be sharp. That round piece of steel with a rubber handle that comes with your knife set is NOT a sharpener. It is honing steel which helps keep your blade straight after cutting with it, but it does NOT sharpen. You will feel like you have brand-new knives after a nice real sharpening. Click on the image below or click HERE.
Nothing says love like Bacon. Hence why I might have a slight obsession talking about it often and even plastering it all over my t-shirts and tank tops :) Show your love for everyone by giving them the gift of bacon that they can wear around and be proud. Don't forget to get one for yourself either. Click on the image below or click HERE.
This pineapple slicer and corer changed my life when I was living in Hawaii. I lived up the street from the Dole plantation but for the life of me could never figure out how to eat a pineapple. Every time I tried to cut off the sides I would take more of the pineapple or my skin than intended and I would get frustrated. Some awesome friend of mine gifted this to me and I ended up with yummy pineapple and an awesome pineapple glass for cocktails. Win win in my opinion. Now it's time to sneak one in someone's stocking. Click on the image below or click HERE.
Here is another lesson learned from me to you. I thought that being a good cook meant having the shiniest and most expensive pans. What a dumb idea that was because I bought them all, used them all, and now don't touch them all. I have 4 cast iron skillets and they get used for everything. The seasoning that builds up over time with proper use and care imparts flavors that can't be replicated anywhere else. Not to mention, you can defend your house from burglars if need be with these things so you are getting a 2 for 1 deal. Not to mention, you can buy 10 of these for the price of 1 of those shiny decorative pans we don't need. So click on the image below or click HERE.
I though when I went Paleo that my days of waffles were over. Boy oh boy was I wrong. Now I make huge batches of banana bread waffles, freeze them and then toast them in the morning when I want a quick breakfast. I also have a slight obsession with trying to make every baked recipe I try into waffles. Normally it results in a bigger mess and no edible food but it's still fun. And since life is about having fun everyone should have a waffle maker. Good luck fitting this in a stocking, but under the tree works just as well. Click on the image below or click HERE.
So earlier you read me talking about having a sharp knife. Then about keeping it sharp and how that is safe and all that blah blah. Well, one of the reasons that people's knives get dull so quick, is because they are cutting on the wrong surface. You should only be cutting on soft wood boards or blocks because they are the best for your knives. Wood is a porous material so instead of pushing back against your blade, it absorbs it as you cut. Ceramic, glass, tile, or all those other cutting surfaces are like cutting with your knife on concrete. Treat your knife right and let it cut comfortably :) Get yours by clicking on the image below or HERE.
I will always be a fat kid at heart and I am ok with that. I grew up eating ice cream and I just can't now because the pain it causes my body is not worth the temporary heaven it provides. So instead, I make my own at home and I can't believe how simple and delicious it is. Honestly, it is 2 or 3 ingredients and this machine does all the work for you. Then you can eat the entire batch without feeling guilty. I will actually encourage it. So get your ice cream maker and then whip up some batches of coconut milk ice cream with the recipes from my site. Get yous by clicking on the image below or clicking HERE.
I know everyone wants one of those fancy Stand Mixers that takes up 45 square feet of your 90 square foot kitchen (that is my case in my tiny kitchen) but you don't need one. You can do the same work with some elbow grease or this awesome hand mixer. Just throw everything in a large bowl and whip this little beast out and put it to work. It is also so much easier to clean than a bowl that is too big to fit in your sink and attachments that need special brushes to clean just so you spend another $50 on something you don't need. No more complaining, I own a stand mixer but I use my hand mixer more. So gift this or get one for yourself, I am all for everyone being their own santa sometimes :) Click on the image below or click HERE.
****Disclosure: If you purchase any of the products linked in this post or products through the links on the right side of my page, I receive a small percentage from the respected affiliate programs****
Despite a global surge in Chinese foreign direct investment during the first half of 2015, the United States remains the leading global financial power based on total foreign direct investment. During 2015, outward US net foreign direct investment (FDI) reached $424.4 billion, an amount that was not only 27.8 percent of total global financial flows but that was also more than four times than the total FDI of China. Moreover, American foreign investment in 2015 was nearly five times its total value in 2005, providing a direct opportunity to increase US global influence. So, where in the world does the United States have the most influence, at least in terms of FDI?
One approach to answering this question is through examination of trends in the share of inward FDI stock from the US on a country-by-country basis. The IMF's Coordinated Direct Investment Survey dataset and the UN's Bilateral FDI Statistics each provide FDI data by investment source and the recipient country. US influences through FDI is geographically lopsided and generally risk adverse, based on IMF data:
The United States is especially powerful in the North America and Caribbean region, where it accounts for almost 10 percent of all foreign investment to the region. Costa Rica is among the largest recipients.
US FDI in the regions of North and Central America constitutes large percent of the total foreign investment stock in each country. Canada and Mexico receive roughly half of their FDI from neighboring USA.
Australia, Japan, Luxembourg, Ireland, and the United Kingdom all receive their largest shares of FDI from US investors.
American investors tend to avoid riskier regions, including Northern and Sub-Saharan Africa, as well as the Middle East and South Asia, which report the lowest share of investment from the United States.
Where US FDI is not, Chinese FDI is. The investment void the US has maintained in regions with riskier investment profiles has provided China with an opening to expand its influence.
About This Game Start at the DOLPHINVERSE: a hub for different games and experiences within Dolphin Defense LAB
This area has arcade machines you can use to access new areas. Right now you can go to SUNSETあの日 and Tunnel Force Vortex (TFV). The sunset is a place to relax for a while. The clouds slowly change and there are some things to explore and see. TFV is an arcade-style game where you try and get a full combo while swinging your arm to move your player smoothly around the inside of a tunnel. The visuals become more intense as you get multiplier power-ups. It's made to be played with the included music or your own playlists using separate headphones. DOLPHIN DEFENSE
Take on the role of a Dolphin Defense Department (DDD) staffer by dropping, dripping, throwing, and shooting balls containing jetpacks through time and space. With a lot of skill and a little bit of luck, these jetpacks will help dolphins get out of sticky situations. As you save more dolphins you'll be able to travel deeper into the DDD's 4th Dimension Outpost.
Your colleagues Saki, Pepper, and Julius will befriend you and help you out. After all saving dolphins is hard work, but it's all in a days work for you.
This game has 20 levels called zones and some extras. At the beginning you have access to a field-training tutorial that will teach you the basics and 3 zones that you can play.
As you save dolphins in each zone you will unlock access to more waypoints that you can teleport to. New waypoints will have more zones and new interactions with characters.
You have the opportunity to save 3, 5, or 10 dolphins in each zone. The number of dolphins you save depends on your score. Your score is computed differently for each level but usually consists of balls through rifts, rifts hit, and/or cubes hit multiplied together.
Diversity in maximizing the various components in each zone is key to getting higher scores. Your scores are compared against the tiers shown on the screen in the results scene. Check the Action Board at the beginning to see how many dolphins you've saved in each zone and what your next objective is.
The story unfolds a little more at each new waypoint. At first the characters are focused on explaining how to play the game, but after a few waypoints the dialogue shifts to giving you insight into their world.
If you are confused on how to get a higher score on a zone then read the debrief that is available on the menu before you enter the zone. Most zones require skill and practice to get familiar with what you need to do to win and many zones have an element of randomness so your experience will be slightly different each time you play. Seated/Standing
Dolphin Defense is now playable for seated and standing players! The Dolphinverse, SUNSETあの日, and Tunnel Force Vortex are the most suitable for seated and standing players, but I have also added the ability to increase the number of dolphins you have saved in Dolphin Defense so that new areas can be accessed more easily. Some levels will still be difficult to play while seated or standing, but anyone who wishes may bypass those and still have a full experience. Theme Song Lyrics
Can't you see
I'm waiting for you
You and me
Have so much to do
If I'm gone
The world will be a darker place
Come on
Give it your all
We've got to
Save the Dolphins
We've got to
La la la la love the Dolphins
We've got to
La la la la love the Dolphins
Come with me
We'll save the dolphins
One two three
No need to be twins
If I'm gone
The world will be a darker place
Come on
Give it your all
We've got to
Save the Dolphins
We've got to
La la la la love the Dolphins
We've got to
La la la la love the Dolphins
Save them!
Former nuclear laboratory in historic building
Nuclear Reactor Building Operating Institution University of Washington Location Seattle, Washington Type Argonaut class reactor Power 100 kW (thermal) First Criticality 1961 Shutdown date 1988 Decommission date 2007 Technical Specifications Fuel Type Uranium-235
The More Hall Annex, formerly the Nuclear Reactor Building, was a building on the campus of the University of Washington (UW) in Seattle, Washington, United States, that once housed a functional nuclear research reactor. It was inaugurated in 1961 and shut down in 1988, operating at a peak of 100 kilowatts thermal (kWt), and was officially decommissioned in 2007.
The reactor was housed in a reinforced concrete building designed in the Brutalist architectural style by UW faculty members. They designed the reactor room with large windows that allowed observation from the outside, in an attempt to demonstrate the safety of nuclear energy.
The Nuclear Reactor Building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009, after a campaign led by an architecture student in response to the proposed demolition of the building. A later demolition plan prompted a lawsuit from preservation groups, which ended with a court ruling exempting the building from the city's landmarks-preservation ordinance. While this decision was eventually overturned, the university demolished the building in July 2016 and will replace it with a new computer science building that is expected to open in January 2019.
Design and functions [ edit ]
The building housed an Argonaut class reactor with an initial output of 10 kilowatts thermal (kWt), later increased to 100 kWt in 1967. It used uranium-235 as fuel and was cooled by water.[3] The reactor's chamber, placed on the lower floor of the facility, was 15 ft (4.6 m) high, 20 ft (6.1 m) long, and 19 ft (5.8 m) wide.[4][5] During its 27-year lifespan, the reactor operated for the equivalent of 140 days, running for some days at half power and for as little as 10 minutes.[6]
The More Hall Annex was a two-story, reinforced concrete structure designed in the Brutalist style, similar to other buildings on the university campus built during the post-war era. It occupied a footprint of 69 ft 8 in (21.23 m) from north to south and 76 ft (23 m) from east to west, with a total of 7,595 square feet (705.6 m2) of interior space.[1][2] The building was designed by a consortium of UW faculty members, known as The Architect Artist Group (TAAG), with input from nuclear engineering department chair Albert L. Babb. Babb requested a building that would "show the world what nuclear power looked like", desiring a prominent structure on the campus that would serve as a crown jewel for the department.[2]:5[3] The large glass walls enabled public viewing of the reactor room's interior, showcasing the activity inside.[7]
The first floor, partly covered by the outdoor plaza, housed the reactor, laboratory, crystal spectrometer, counting room with a nuclear densometer, classrooms, restrooms, and offices. The second floor contained the control room, an observatory, and a lecture room overlooking the reactor; it was open to the outdoor plaza on three sides, with large glass windows allowing for public observation of experiments.[1][2] The reactor was placed on the lower side of the building, downhill of the plaza, to allow the ground to absorb accidental radiation leaks.[3] The structure's roof rested on a series of perpendicular beams that also supported a three-ton (2,700 kg) crane used to lift the reactor shield between experiments.[2]
History [ edit ]
Interior of the decommissioned reactor room, photographed in 2009
During the late 1950s and 1960s, the Atomic Energy Commission (AEC) provided universities and colleges with grants to acquire small nuclear reactors for research programs. The University of Washington began nuclear engineering classes as part of the College of Engineering in 1953 and formed a Department of Nuclear Engineering in 1956, accepting engineers from Boeing and the nearby Hanford Site as its first students.[3][8] The Nuclear Engineering department used training reactors at Bagley Hall and later proposed that the university acquire a nuclear reactor to be installed on campus. In 1957, the AEC approved $100,000 in funding (equivalent to $670 thousand in 2016 dollars)[9] for the University of Washington to install a permanent nuclear reactor on the campus, the first of its kind in the United States.[3][10][11]
The proposed 10 kW reactor was approved by the university's Board of Regents in April 1959, to be housed in a two-story reinforced concrete building with offices, workshops, a control room, and class and seminar spaces. The building was designed by TAAG architects Wendell Lovett, Gene Zema and Daniel Streissguth, all members of the UW faculty.[12] In December, the regents awarded the construction contract to Jentoft & Forbes, paying $308,082 (equivalent to $1.99 million in 2016 dollars)[9] for the project. A site at the eastern edge of the campus was chosen for its proximity to various academic engineering buildings and its visibility to the public.[1][13]
The AEC granted an operating license for the reactor to the university in April 1961, and the reactor began operating with a self-sustained nuclear reaction on April 10.[4] It was officially dedicated on June 1, in a ceremony attended by Argonne National Laboratory director Norman Hilberry, a physicist who worked on Chicago Pile-1, the world's first nuclear reactor to achieve criticality.[14][15] During the 1962 World's Fair, hosted by the city at the Seattle Center, the reactor became the subject of group tours from professional organizations.[16]
Throughout the 1960s, the reactor was used for medical research by the university's School of Medicine and local hospitals, with a staff of six full-time employees and four part-time staff (most of whom were students who worked for the U.S. Navy's nuclear programs).[17] In 1966, the university and local law enforcement agencies proposed converting the reactor into a part-time laboratory for forensic science.[18] By 1975, the reactor had only used 10 grams (0.35 oz) of its 3,300 g (120 oz) of uranium-235 fuel.[19]
1972 plutonium spill [ edit ]
On June 13, 1972, during an experiment that used a plutonium sample, three lab workers were exposed to radiation after a capsule holding the sample spilled, requiring a full investigation of the nuclear reactor.[20] One of the workers, graduate student W. Robert Sloan, was exposed to 42 milligrams (0.65 gr) of plutonium dust and drove to a laboratory in Richland to be tested for radiation, but was later cleared of any contamination. The spill was later linked to vibrations in the capsule holding the sample,[21] and workers credited good design and careful handling in avoiding a larger incident. A visiting class of schoolchildren from Montana, observing the reactor from the outside, were unaffected by the accident.[22] After an inspection by teams from the Hanford Site, the lab was cleaned and wiped down while periodic radiation checks were performed. Contaminated materials were sanitized with a liquid freon solution and disposed of;[23] the clean-up cost a total of $30,000 in emergency funds (equivalent to $134,000 in 2016 dollars).[9][21]
The university was cited by the AEC for violations of its reactor-operating license in connection with the incident, but none in direct connection to the immediate cause. The incident resulted in an investigation by the Nuclear Reactor Advisory Committee into its review processes for reactor experiments, after the AEC determined there was inadequate review of the UW experiment. The staff members were praised by the AEC for protecting the public by sealing the materials and evacuating the building for six hours.[24]
Shutdown and decommissioning [ edit ]
In the late 1970s, development of nuclear power in the United States slowed to a halt, as new plants were cancelled or put on hold. The 1983 financial collapse of the Washington Public Power Supply System, a government agency planning to build five large nuclear power plants throughout the state, and the Three Mile Island accident of 1979 both contributed to a decline in interest in the university's nuclear program. Student use of the reactor was replaced by commercial use to produce nuclear isotopes for medical use.[3] By 1988, the enrollment in UW's nuclear engineering program had shrunk to 23 students,[25] and the program was cancelled entirely in 1992.[26]
The reactor was shut down on June 30, 1988,[3][5] following a Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) mandate to convert research reactors to lower-grade fuel, or shut them down entirely, after fears of possible terrorist access.[6][27] The remaining 4 kilograms (8.8 lb) of enriched uranium fuel rods were transported to Idaho for processing and disposal.[28] The building provided offices and storage space for various UW departments, including the College of Engineering's robotics laboratory.[29] The University of Washington applied to the NRC to dismantle the reactor on August 2, 1994.[30]
In the wake of the September 11, 2001 attacks, the Nuclear Reactor Building was renamed to the More Hall Annex to deter burglary, after a request from the NRC.[3][29] Formal decommissioning of the site, including a $4 million cleanup (equivalent to $4.7 million in 2016 dollars),[9] began in April 2006, amid student protests over the contractor hired for the work.[31] The NRC formally terminated the university's license to operate the reactor in May 2007.[5]
Preservation attempts [ edit ]
Prior to the removal of the reactor in October 2008,[3] the university proposed demolishing the structure and redeveloping the site for other uses.[32] The plan was stopped after the reactor building was placed on the Washington Heritage Register, the state's list of historic buildings, a designation that was contested by the University of Washington.[33] Preservationists suggested re-using the building as a museum dedicated to the state's nuclear history and continuing research.[34] The structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009, based on an application submitted by Abby Inpanbutr (née Martin), a UW architecture student, in spring 2008.[7][35][36]
The university again proposed demolition of the structure in 2015, to clear the space for a new computer science building adjacent to the existing Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering.[37] In May 2015, the More Hall Annex was named one of Washington's "most endangered historic properties" by the Washington Trust for Historic Preservation, which cited its place as an early Brutalist work to justify its preservation.[38]
The university released a draft supplemental environmental impact statement (SEIS) for the project in October 2015, recommending the demolition of the More Hall Annex in their preferred alternative.[39] In response to the SEIS, building conservation group Docomomo WEWA nominated the More Hall Annex for city landmark status on December 2. The University of Washington filed a lawsuit against the City of Seattle and Docomomo on December 18 over the landmark nomination and whether the city could enforce its landmark preservation laws on state-owned property.[40][41]
The King County Superior Court ruled in April that the university was exempt from the city's landmarks-preservation ordinance and could go ahead with demolition of the More Hall Annex.[42] While the city and preservationists appealed the decision, they allowed the demolition of the More Hall Annex to proceed by not seeking a stay that would leave them responsible for damages compensation.[43][44] The decision was appealed to the Washington Supreme Court,[45] which ruled in the city's favor and rejected the university's claimed exemption from the city landmarks preservation ordinance.[46]
Demolition [ edit ]
Demolition work on the site of More Hall Annex in late July 2016
On February 11, 2016, the UW Board of Regents approved a site plan that would demolish the More Hall Annex to allow for the construction of the new computer science center, to open in 2019.[47][48] An attempt to incorporate elements of the nuclear reactor into the new computer science building was rejected because of the impact of potential seismic retrofits that would be required to meet modern standards. The computer science department instead plans to make a virtual tour of the building available online in a digital archive.[49]
After the decision by the King County Superior Court to exempt the building from city preservation ordinances, the university applied for a demolition permit in May 2016.[50][51] Demolition of the More Hall Annex began on July 19,[52] and preservationists held a mock funeral for the building with Daniel Streissguth, one of the project's original architects.[53]
Replacement [ edit ]
The More Hall Annex will be replaced by the Bill & Melinda Gates Center for Computer Science & Engineering, which will house part of the university's computer science program and is expected to open in January 2019.[54][55] The 130,000-square-foot (12,000 m2) building will include a 250-person lecture hall, classrooms, and lab spaces for robotics and other technologies.[56] In January 2017, the Board of Regents approved its construction,[57] which began later in the year.[58] The building was topped out in December 2017, roughly marking the halfway point in construction.[59]
Image copyright Nottinghamshire Police Image caption The disappearance of Samantha Baldwin and her sons sparked a major police investigation
A mother who went missing with her two sons for more than a week has been arrested on suspicion of abduction.
Police said Samantha Baldwin, 40, and her children were found at "secluded accommodation" near Ollerton in Nottinghamshire.
Their disappearance on 27 March sparked a Europe-wide police hunt involving more than 100 officers.
Nottinghamshire Police said the arrest was the result of information received through its nationwide appeal.
In a statement, the force said: "[It was] now working to establish the full facts of the disappearance and is putting in place additional support measures for all parties involved."
Updates on this story and more from across the East Midlands
Police said the boys were found at a cabin at a small holiday business after a tip-off and had not been physically harmed.
They are now being looked after by childcare professionals.
Though the information was provided independently of the business, the owners were assisting officers with their inquiries, the force added.
Two women, aged 62 and 36, who were arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender have been released on police bail.
Annual Junk Hauling & Recycling Festival - AFB Fest
AFB Fest, the largest annual festival dedicated to junk hauling and responsible junk removal and recycling is just around the corner. For those who have attended in the past, it will be held at the same place as last year (The Northeast corner of Central Park). Last year we set a bunch of records for turnout, sponsors and donations raised. We are hoping to build on the momentum from last year and we need your help spreading the word. Come join us for live music, tons of great food and hopefully great weather on the second Saturday of September. We need your help spreading the word about responsible junk removal in New York City!
About AFB Fest
AFB Fest is held each year in September to raise awareness for environmentally friendly junk hauling practices. People throw away millions of tons of toxic materials and chemicals each year that have devastating effects on our environment. Most people have no idea what they can and can't throw away, which is why it's so important for us to inform people about responsible junk removal practices. You can find a list of common things that you shouldn't throw away into an ordinary trash can right here on our site. If you aren't sure whether or not you can throw something away it's always a good idea to do a quick google search to make sure you can throw it away. For more information about AFB Fest, or if you are looking to become a sponsor, please contact us today.
A plainclothes SFPD officer seen in the video above apparently punching a suspect as he's being arrested can then be heard saying he has to "seize" the camera that was recording the incident from a window above. The man filming it, who narrates to sensational effect (e.g. "When did North Korea win the war?"), replies to the officer, "Get a warrant."
The scene, shot at Eddy and Taylor on Friday, March 4, per the YouTube label, is perhaps a sadly typical one for the Tenderloin, and it's unclear the nature of the crime that the suspect was being arrested for. The offending punch seems to have come after the suspect tried to bite one of the officers, which you can hear him yelling during the incident. As the suspect is being cuffed and then lifted to his feet, a female bystander begins screaming some mostly unintelligible, and intelligibly nutty and homophobic remarks, apparently at the suspect. She also screams, "I killed Dan White!"
At the 3:30 mark, the plainclothes officer again addresses the cameraman in the window, demanding his name. The cameraman, smartly, replies, "That's classified," the officer proceeds to say he'll just ask others on the street.
He does know he can't do this, right?
In any event, via the Electronic Frontier Foundation, you can read about how the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit, as well as the Seventh Circuit, have in recent years unambiguously affirmed citizens' rights to videotape police conducting their duties in public. Police have tried to invoke wiretap statutes  in both Massachusetts and Illinois  to equate cell phone video with surreptitious audio recording, but the courts have sided with the First Amendment on this one.
[h/t: IndyBay]
Michigan State defensive coordinator Pat Narduzzi has interviewed for head coaching jobs at Pitt and Colorado State, a source told MLive.
Narduzzi, also the Spartans' assistant head coach, interviewed with Colorado State earlier in the week and with Pittsburgh on Friday, according to a source in the Michigan State athletic department speaking on the condition of anonymity.
There have been previous reports of Narduzzi interviewing: Pittsburgh KDKA-TV sports anchor Rich Walsh tweeted the Panthers' would interview Narduzzi along with Marshall coach Doc Holliday, and Scout.com reported Colorado State interviewed Narduzzi.
It's no secret that the 48-year-old Narduzzi has aspirations to become a head coach and that other programs have expressed interest in him.
Michigan State head coach Mark Dantonio, who will wrap up the East Lansing portion of Cotton Bowl preparations on Saturday morning, said earlier this week that Narduzzi will be prepared when the right offer comes along and that the Spartans will be prepared to replace him should he leave.
Athletic director Mark Hollis said the Spartans have assigned Narduzzi some tasks associated with the head coaching position to better prepare him when his opportunity arises.
Narduzzi is the highest paid coordinator in the Big Ten, with a three-year guaranteed contract worth more than $900,000 annually.
Narduzzi said earlier this week his focus would be on preparing Michigan State for Baylor's No. 1-ranked offense in the Jan. 1 Cotton Bowl at AT&T Stadium, though he did say that when a program has had the success the Spartans have enjoyed it was only natural there would be opportunities.
Narduzzi turned down the Connecticut head coaching job last year, and Louisville also showed interest before hiring Bobby Petrino, and the year before he was a candidate for the Cincinnati job before veteran Tommy Tuberville became an 11th-hour candidate.
Attempts to reach Narduzzi Friday night were unsuccessful.
Back in the day, you couldn't go wrong with the original McDonald's menu. With two entree choices -- hamburger or cheeseburger -- there wasn't much room to experiment. Nowadays, there are lots of choices.
Many introductions to the McDonald's menu have been successful. Take the Big Mac: "Two all-beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions on a sesame-seed bun." Other chart-topping hits include the Egg McMuffin and Chicken McNuggets, which quickly won the hearts of customers and keep fans hooked.
But in 50 years of experiments, there were bound to be some mistakes. Some new items failed because customers just didn't like change. In other cases, a menu item didn't sell due to ineffective marketing or simply because it didn't appease many customers' taste buds. Many concoctions have come and gone from the McDonald's menu, proving that sticking a "Mc" prefix in a sandwich's name won't make it sell.
We'll explore five flops that went down in flames. Most of them came after the company's founder, Ray Kroc, died. However, the first flop we'll talk about was actually Kroc's brainchild.
An astronaut aboard the International Space Station took this photograph (5-meter spatial resolution) of Washington, the capital of the United States of America. Here the Potomac River flows south toward Chesapeake Bay and forms the geographic boundary between Virginia and Washington (as well as Maryland), while the Anacostia River links to the Potomac on the eastern side of the city.
Wedged between Maryland and Virginia, the District of Columbia was established in 1790 to serve as the permanent seat of the U.S. federal government. Originally the territory was relinquished by Virginia and Maryland as a 100-square-mile plot on both sides of the Potomac River. At the time, Georgetown, Maryland, and Alexandria, Virginia (just out of the scene to the lower left), were successful ports located on the eastern and western sides of the river. Georgetown remains as an historic neighborhood of Washington, D.C. In 1846, Virginia gained back the land contributed to the District of Columbia as a result of neglect of the area by Congress (known as retrocession). Those areas eventually became the cities of Arlington and Alexandria. There are 40 boundary stones that mark the original District boundary and stand as the oldest federal monument in the country.
The past 200 years have painted Washington rich with social and political history. Hundreds of monuments and sculptures are peppered throughout the city to honor the nation's founders, its presidents, its military and cultural heroes, and other men and women who have shaped the nation. Among the most popular places are the Lincoln Memorial, the National Mall, the White House, and the United States Capitol.
According to the US Census Bureau, more than 681,000 people reside in Washington. Commuters from Virginia and Maryland swell the daytime, work-week population past one million.
Astronaut photograph ISS051-E-12656 was acquired on April 11, 2017, with a Nikon D4 digital camera using an 1150 millimeter lens, and is provided by the ISS Crew Earth Observations Facility and the Earth Science and Remote Sensing Unit, Johnson Space Center. The image was taken by a member of the Expedition 51 crew. The image has been cropped and enhanced to improve contrast, and lens artifacts have been removed. The International Space Station Program supports the laboratory as part of the ISS National Lab to help astronauts take pictures of Earth that will be of the greatest value to scientists and the public, and to make those images freely available on the Internet. Additional images taken by astronauts and cosmonauts can be viewed at the NASA/JSC Gateway to Astronaut Photography of Earth. Caption by Andi Hollier, Hx5, JETS Contract at NASA-JSC.
"I talked to the president prior to this, and he said to quote him very clearly, 'They may have been phony in the past, but it's very real now,'" press secretary Sean Spicer said on March 10, about Trump's reaction to the jobs report in light of his past criticism. (Reuters)
Over the course of the 2016 presidential campaign, Donald Trump looked for ways to suggest that the economy was in turmoil. While the picture for every American wasn't rosy, the country was in much better shape than it had been a few years earlier at the tail end of the Great Recession. So as a candidate Trump cobbled together several unorthodox measures that he'd discuss at campaign stops and in interviews to suggest that things weren't as great as they looked.
On Friday morning, the Bureau of Labor Statistics released jobs numbers from Trump's first full month in office. The addition of 235,000 people to the employment rolls was good news, but it wasn't exceptional, compared with other recent jobs reports. But who cares, right? Those aren't the important metrics, according to Trump (though he did retweet an enthusiastic Drudge Report story about that number for some reason). By his own measures, Trump's first month wasn't a runaway success.
The real unemployment rate
After he won the New Hampshire primary last February, Trump discussed the unemployment rate.
“Don't believe those phony numbers when you hear 4.9 and 5 percent unemployment. The number's probably 28, 29, as high as 35. In fact, I even heard recently 42 percent.”
So we will not believe the “phony” 4.7 percent rate the BLS announced Friday. Instead, let's look at the numbers Trump would prefer.
Mind you, it's not clear — and has never been clear — what that 28 percent is. There is an official figure from the BLS which is a bit larger than the 4.7 percent rate that's commonly referred to. Called the U-6 rate, it includes part-time employment and those who aren't looking for work but who have looked in the past year. It's at 9.2 percent right now — down from January, but the same as it was in December.
(The Washington Post)
Not a huge change.
But that's far lower than what Trump claimed. He speculated that the figure was as high as 42 percent. Neil Irwin of the New York Times determined that Trump was probably talking about the number of Americans who were working as a function of the total population. If that's what he was doing, the figure dropped slightly in February, down to 40 percent from 40.1 percent.
(The Washington Post)
There's a reason that the government doesn't usually talk about 40 percent unemployment. It focuses on people who are looking for work, not including people like retirees or high school students. Saying the real unemployment rate is 40 percent certainly has the desired rhetorical effect of making unemployment look like a bigger problem than it is, but it also means that Trump, sadly, hasn't yet found full-time employment for many of those retirees and college freshmen.
The size of the labor force
As recently as his joint speech to Congress, Trump lamented how many people were not among those included in jobs figures. “Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force,” he said, part of a quick litany of numbers he was using to suggest that all was not well in the U.S. economy.
At a rally in New Hampshire in November, he looked at this figure another way.
“The terrible jobs report that just came out shows the number of people not in the workforce increased by another 425,000 people last month.”
How does that metric look now?
(The Washington Post)
There are about 94.2 million people who are not in the labor force. Many of them aren't looking for work, like that “real” unemployment percent. A lot of retirees and people on disability, for example. But if this is how Trump wants to judge things, fine. There was a slight decline from January to February, of 0.2 percent. That decline amounted to about 176,000 people — much better, on this metric, than the plus-425,000 figures from last October.
Labor force participation rate
A corollary to the number of people not in the labor force is the labor force participation rate. Trump once criticized President Barack Obama's jobs numbers based on the labor force participation rate dropping so much. With a smaller labor force, more employed people make up a large percentage of that group, and the unemployment rate drops.
If @BarackObama had to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 11.2% — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 7, 2012
If Trump were subject to the same adjustment back to the start of Obama's term — 65.7 percent participation rate vs. 63 percent now — the current unemployment figure would be 8.7 percent.
Black youth employment
When he was making his sales pitch to black voters, Trump would regularly tout an extremely iffy number on black youth unemployment.
During an infamous speech in Michigan, Trump described the state of black life in the United States in bleak terms.
“You live in your poverty, your schools are no good, you have no jobs, 58 percent of your youth is unemployed, what the hell do you have to lose?”
To get this figure, Trump pulled a similar trick as his 40 percent unemployment above, looking at how many young black people there are overall and pegging unemployment numbers to that figure. So this again includes a lot of young people who are in school, for example.
But this is the metric we have. Trump was using an annual employment-population ratio figure for his calculation. The monthly number we have access to only breaks out those aged 16 to 19, but that can give us about as good a sense of things. So:
(The Washington Post)
A big dip in the percentage of all black teens who are not currently working. The BLS figures we used go back to October, and we'll note that in February 2016, this figure would have been 77.9, only a bit higher than the current 77.3. But who's interested in such nuances?
In short: Not much change so far for Trump along his preferred economic metrics. Anyone preparing to run against him in 2020 can simply point to the “real unemployment rate” of 40 percent and those 94 million people out of work as evidence that Trump is not being successful. If your response is that the numbers are falling and they could drop further by the next election, I would suggest that perhaps you're missing the point.
Update: The Trump White House would now like you to know that the real numbers are indeed real.
New Delhi, July 24: Prime Minister Narendra Modi hosted RSS chief Mohanrao Bhagwat and his colleagues for dinner this evening at his Race Course Road residence.
General secretary Suresh “Bhaiyya” Joshi and joint general secretaries Suresh Soni, Dattatreya Hosabale and Krishna Gopal accompanied Bhagwat.
Sources said the dinner was essentially a “thanksgiving”, hosted by Modi to express his gratitude towards and acknowledgment of the RSS's “support” to his leadership and cooperation with the BJP cadre during the 2014 elections.
No one from the BJP was invited, indicating that unlike Atal Bihari Vajpayee, Modi has an easy equation with the Sangh. In November 2000, Vajpayee had invited then RSS chief K.S. Sudarshan and his colleagues Bhagwat, who was then a general secretary, H.V. Seshadri and Madan Das Devi to dinner. He made it a point to also invite L.K. Advani, then BJP president Bangaru Laxman and Laxman's predecessor Kushabhau Thakre. “Atalji was never comfortable in a one-on-one situation with the Sangh leaders,” a source recalled.
That was the first and last time that Prime Minister Vajpayee supped with the RSS brass. His relations with Sudarshan later went downhill over several issues, notably economic policies.
BJP and RSS sources said the Modi-Bhagwat association — which goes back a long way to the years when Modi was “discovered” and nurtured by Bhagwat's father, Madhukar Bhagwat, at that time a “pracharak” in Gujarat — was not expected to follow the Vajpayee-Sudarshan trajectory.
“The main reason is that even the Sangh realises that in spite of all its hard work and dedication (in the Lok Sabha polls), the catalyst for the victory was Modi's projection as the PM candidate. With the kind of mandate that the BJP won, the Sangh has figured out that it is purposeless to needle Modi,” a source said.
Modi, said RSS sources, was a “pracharak” (Sangh whole-timer) while Vajpayee was a “swayamsevak”. The demoninations “represent the difference between an abiding sense of commitment to the RSS's ideology and values that a ‘pracharak' has and a little-more-than-peripheral association a ‘swayamsevak' brings with him”, a source said. "We are sure that Modi will never let the Sangh down. Even if he takes policy decisions that might upset some of our constituents like he did in Gujarat when he hiked power tariffs across the board, he will never ever betray people's faith in him, his government and the BJP by tolerating corruption, indiscipline and misdeeds,” the source said.
Earlier in the day, Joshi, Soni, Hosabale and Gopal went to the residence of Union minister and former BJP president Nitin Gadkari for a meeting. New party chief Amit Shah, Shah's immediate predecessor Rajnath Singh and the general secretary (organisation), Ramlal, were present. Over lunch, they discussed Shah's prospective team of office-bearers, sources said.
Shah is keen on recasting the BJP's apparatus to make it look “young and fresh” which, sources said, means that even those party officials who have not made it to Modi's council of ministers might lose their jobs.
There are an estimated 1.4 million sex slaves in the world today and international trafficking is on the rise.
There are an estimated 1.4 million sex slaves in the world today; most of them are women, although there are some men and many thousands of children.
They didn't listen. They kept bringing me clients and telling me that I had a huge debt towards them. For the fact they paid for my visa, passport and tickets. Dorina, a former sex slave from Moldova
These women do not voluntarily enter prostitution, but have been forced under the threat of violence to have sex with men who pay their 'owners'.
Sex slavery is present in every country of the world.
In some cases, categorised as 'domestic', women are sold into brothels within their own country. But international sex trafficking of women and children is on the rise.
In this episode, Al Jazeera's Rageh Omaar investigates the enslavement and trafficking of women from Moldova, the poorest country in Europe, to wealthier European countries, in particular to the red-light district of Amsterdam, one of Europe's most profitable sex markets and a major international tourist attraction.
This film was first broadcast on Al Jazeera English in 2011.
Source: Al Jazeera
The Seattle Seahawks will wonder forever more what kick/punt returner Devin Hester could have done for them, if they'd given him solid kick coverage.
But, Hester appears to have no more left to prove regarding football.
(The Seattle Seahawks have a divisional round rematch with the Atlanta Falcons on deck. Make sure you're in the loop, as they try to march from Atlanta into the NFC championship game. -- take five seconds to Sign up for our Free Seahawks newsletter now!)
According to the News Tribune's Gregg Bell, the four-time All Pro will call it a career following the 36-20 loss to his former team, the Atlanta Falcons.
Few teams were blessed to have Hester grace their return game. He played the majority of his career with the Chicago Bears -- eight seasons in all. In 2014, he departed for a two-season stint with the Atlanta Falcons before splitting time in 2016 between the Baltimore Ravens (12 games) and the Seattle Seahawks (two games).
Hester leaves the NFL as the all-time leader in overall returns for touchdown and punt returns for touchdown. He has five total kick return touchdowns and 14 punt return touchdowns. He also has 288 receptions for 3,311 yards and 16 touchdowns.
He caps off a legendary career with a spectacular performance, although most of it will go undocumented in the NFL stat sheet. He had over 90 yards of return yardage erased by holding penalties on Saturday. Despite that, Tyler Lockett, the man he replaced for Seattle in the playoffs, said it best.
Just in case yaw forgot.. D Hester will always be D Hester! Never forget that! #Hawks — Tyler Lockett (@TDLockett12) January 14, 2017
He proved that on Saturday.
And now, he'll remain that in the minds of many as he walks away.
Posted on October 29, 2008 at 7:43 AM
Share
News reports say that researchers from the John Innes Center in the UK have grown a potentially cancer-preventing tomato. These tomatoes genetically altered to grow with the dark purple pigment anthocyanin are hoped to either prevent or reduce the effects of a number of chronic diseases including cancer.
When the purple tomatoes were fed to mice in the laboratory, their lives were significantly extended–and one can assume not simply over the excitement of eating a purple tomato!
Researchers conducting this study say It's still too soon to tell how much an effect these GMOs will have on human health–and of course the key is still getting these veggies into people diets. But the successful introduction of this compound into the vegetable makes this GMO a huge success for metabolic engineering.
Oh–and one other thing: anthocyanin is found in snapdragon flowers naturally–but I wouldn't go out and start chewing on the petals. These researchers say that the best way to prevent cancer is still to eat a balanced, healthy diet–not to bulk up on this single compound.
Summer Johnson, PhD
This is my third trip to Iraq since the U.S. invasion of March 2003. I will be part of an official group that will assess the current situation. The group is composed of current and former government officials and some outside experts (Unfortunately, because this is an official trip, I am limited as to what I can write about). We arrived on October 11, 2009 and will remain in the country until October 25.
My first trip was in November 2003, the second in April 2007. The first trip was sponsored by the Department of Defense for the purpose of informing "opinion leaders" of the progress of the war and the second as part of a two-person team to assess the capacity of the Iraqi government to carry out its administrative functions. As a result of my first trip, I realized that the Bush administration had badly miscalculated how many troops were needed to secure Iraq after the overthrow of Saddam Hussein and did not realize that its policies were empowering the insurgency. I saw no progress and a situation that was already spiraling out of control-something that neither the administration nor most of the leaders in Iraq grasped.
On my second trip, it became clear to me that the U.S. military was paying a heavy price to try to stem the communal violence that started sweeping the country in 2005 (2007 was the deadliest year for American troops). And even though American troops could diminish the violence-mostly by making deals with the Sunni insurgents and erecting blast walls to separate the Sunni and Shiite neighbors in the major cities-the Iraq government had neither the capacity nor the will to make the political compromises necessary to unite the country.
My colleagues at the Center for American Progress and I have been arguing for several years that the best hope for creating a stable Iraq and enhancing our ability to deal with the critical threats to our security-particularly in Afghanistan-was to set a specific date for withdrawal of U.S. forces. Although we were severely criticized by the Bush administration and its acolytes for "cutting and running," we were vindicated when President George W. Bush, in November 2008, signed the security agreement that was part of the Status of Forces Agreement. The SOFA stipulated that all American troops would withdraw from the Iraqi cities to their bases by June 30, 2009 and not conduct independent military operations after that date. The United States also agreed to leave the country completely by the end of 2011.
After his election, President Barack Obama began implementing the strategic agreement and began to fulfill his campaign promise by agreeing to withdraw all combat troops by August 31, 2010 and all remaining troops by the end of 2011.
For this trip to Iraq we came by way of Ali Al Salem Air Force Base in Kuwait, where I spent about 24 hours. A KC-130 took us to Camp Victory where we boarded a helicopter for the trip to the Green Zone, the same way I did on my first trip. Interestingly, we had to wear body armor and a helmet, something we did not do on my first trip.
Based on my first two days in the country, which have been spent at the chancery-an office of the embassy-I have several impressions:
-- Our embassy compound is like a prosperous small city and the chancery is much more luxurious than the State Department building.
-- Setting specific dates to leave the cities and the country undermined the ability of several of the groups of violent extremists to get support from the people, something myself and Brian Katulis pointed out in CAP's report Strategic Redeployment.
-- Defense and civilian personnel are working well together at the operational or tactical level.
-- As we draw down, the rules and regulations are increasingly in inverse proportion-trying to get on the Internet or make a phone call is much more difficult than two or six years ago.
-- Not surprisingly, the draw down is going well. As always, logistics is our military's strong suit, something we pointed out in How to Redeploy.
-- The troops worry that given the attention of Afghanistan, Iraq has become the forgotten front in terms of money, talent, and attention.
-- While violence is down, Iraq is still dangerous. In August, there were still 20 attacks per day.
-- Many more people are involved in briefings than six years ago. In 2003, when we met with Ambassador L. Paul Bremmer and the generals commanding the divisions, three people would be accompanied by two or three aides. At our first meeting there were 75 people accompanying the leaders.
-- The briefings themselves are overwhelming-hundreds of PowerPoint slides per day by multiple briefers makes it easy to miss the forest for the trees.
-- Too many officers still rationalize the Iraqis' insistence on an end date for the American military presence as a mere political ploy rather than the desire of the Iraqi people.
I plan on writing additional commentary in the coming days as my schedule allows.
It seemed like a sure bet for the Sport of Kings: A tax on casinos aimed solely at reviving Massachusetts horse racing.
Five years after it was quietly inserted into the state law authorizing casino gambling, the tax has already raised $23.7 million for the state's Race Horse Development Fund. But there is little evidence so far of a comeback, with thoroughbred racing still barely surviving.
A review of the fund's work by The Eye and WBUR public radio has found scant gains in breeding race horses, a schedule of racing that continues to be limited, and growing infighting among industry factions that has tried the patience of the fund's overseers.
Of the money raised so far, $8.6 million is sitting unused because there aren't enough thoroughbred races in the state to soak up the fund's assets dedicated to building purses – the money the track gives to the winning horse.
Races for Massachusetts' thoroughbreds supported by the fund were held in June – but trainers and jockeys had to drive six hours to upstate New York to compete in them.
“Why are we supporting a dying industry?” asks Robert Temple, an author of two books on the history of New England horse racing. “In fact, why not use the past tense — it's a dead industry.”
Such sentiments are heresy to owners, breeders and trainers who say the development fund can right the races and support hundreds of jobs while preserving agricultural land. The fund is expected to generate about $21 million a year once all the state's approved casinos are open, according to an analysis by The Eye based on state estimates of gambling revenues.
“The fund is keeping the breeding farms open, and the open space there,” said Anthony Spadea Jr., a thoroughbred horse owner and president of the New England Horsemen's Benevolent and Protective Association, which represents owners and trainers. “Without this fund, everything disappears.”
Only nine thoroughbred foals have been registered for 2015, versus 26 in 2014, according to the Jockey Club, which keeps track of the breed in the state. The club says that later registrations may add to both totals.
Thoroughbreds sprinting with jockeys atop, a la the Kentucky Derby, is not the only kind of horse racing. The tax fund also benefits harness racing, where horses known as standardbreds trot or pace and pull drivers in a small buggy, or sulky.
State-registered standardbred mares having foals rose from 44 in 2014 to 65 in 2016, according to Nancy Longobardi, secretary-treasurer of the Standardbred Owners of Massachusetts. Longobardi says that shows the fund is having an impact.
The only year-round track in the state features harness racing at Plainridge Park Casino in Plainville. Plainridge is holding races 115 days this year, as a condition of its slot-machine casino license. While the track has seen an uptick in bets since the casino opened a year ago, the vast majority of seats in the grandstand were empty one afternoon when reporters visited.
Racing is a small world in Massachusetts. Native Speed, the winning horse in one of the afternoon's races, took home a $3,700 purse subsidized by the development fund. Ed Nowak, Native Speed's co-owner, is president of the Standardbred Owners of Massachusetts, which advocates on behalf of harness racing for development funds.
“Anybody can win at this game,” said a jubilant Nowak after his 16-to-1 horse beat the odds. Owners shared half the purse. Nowak said bigger purses will boost the industry and employment.
Suffolk Downs is holding six days of thoroughbred racing this summer, made possible by $2.4 million from the horse fund to pay winners. Owners of Suffolk, which straddles Revere and East Boston, are still planning to redevelop the land after losing a casino bid in 2014.
“Racetracks are making the painful decision that their real estate is worth more than their racing operations,” said Chip Tuttle, chief operating officer of Sterling Suffolk Racecourse LLC, which owns the 81-year old racetrack. Tuttle said the track may make a small profit this year, but it's not from gambling: It rented out its parking lot to Cirque du Soleil.
Infighting may prove the industry's largest obstacle. The Protective Association wants to build a $150 million non-profit equine center and track backed by the fund, saying it will support 950 jobs. But the Massachusetts Thoroughbred Horsemen's Association, an offshoot group formed last year, has a plan for more racing sooner.
The new group has proposed to tap the fund to start 15 days of racing at the Brockton Fairgrounds over several months, in a plan it says will boost employment.
In June, the Protective Association filed suit in U.S. District Court in Boston against the new group and the operators of the fairgrounds, seeking to stop the Brockton plan and keep its rival from tapping the fund. The lawsuit says the new group's plan for possible simulcast wagering on races is illegal because only the Protective Association can represent state horse owners' interests in that kind of betting under federal law.
The inability of the thoroughbred groups to work together already appears to have hurt them. In June, the state's Horse Racing Committee voted to alter the fund's formula to give a larger share to the harness racers because thoroughbreds are active so few days. And with the state facing a predicted shortfall in tax revenue in the current fiscal year, some say the fund itself is at risk.
“With that money sitting there and with all the fighting going on, you both could lose out,” Stephen M. Reilly Jr., chairman of the racing committee, told horse groups at a public meeting in June. “I don't think it's a good idea to keep it lying around because the legislature could say ‘hey, there is a better way to spend this money.' ”
State Rep. Bradley H. Jones, a North Reading Republican, sponsored two failed amendments during budget debates in April to divert some horse race development funds to preserve open space as part of the Community Preservation Act.
States tug on the reins
Once, horse racing had a virtual monopoly on U.S. gambling. By the 1980s, bettors' attention was diverted by state lotteries, casinos and other entertainment options. Horse development funds, started in 19 other states before Massachusetts, were designed to reverse the trend by boosting purses and promoting investment in breeding, in part to draw more gamblers.
In Pennsylvania, advocates say the horse racing industry generates $1.6 billion in annual economic activity, four times the amount before the fund was established.
But wagers on live races fell 6 percent in 2015, according to a state report that noted the industry “continues to struggle to attract a new fan base.” Overall U.S. racing wagers are down 30 percent from a 2003 high of $15.1 billion, even after a 2016 uptick, according to the Jockey Club.
Where casino dollars support horse racing
Some states have peeled back support in recent years. West Virginia diverted some of its race horse funds to other uses in early July. New Jersey got rid of a $30 million casino subsidy to racetracks in 2011.
In Massachusetts, the horse fund had a key backer in House Speaker Robert A. DeLeo, a Winthrop Democrat whose district includes the track and whose father worked at Suffolk Downs, according to industry officials. DeLeo declined requests for comment.
Today, 9 percent of gaming revenue from Plainridge Casino goes to the fund, totaling $14.9 million through June, according to the gaming commission. When MGM Springfield and Wynn Boston Harbor in Everett open, 0.625 percent of their gaming revenue will also flow to the fund.
When the fund began, 75 percent of it was dedicated to thoroughbred racing and 25 percent to harness. From each group's share, 80 percent must go to purses, 16 percent to breeders and 4 percent to pensions and other benefits for racing industry workers.
Thoroughbreds raced only three days in the state last year, at Suffolk, and the racing committee recommended in June to give 55 percent of the 2016 fund to harness racing.
That shift wouldn't affect the $8.6 million for thoroughbreds that is still untouched. But thoroughbred interests can't agree on how to spend it.
“We need horses running here regularly,” said Bill Lagorio, president of the Thoroughbred Horsemen's Association.
The group ultimately wants to see 100 days of live racing in the state and is hoping its Brockton plan will ignite the effort. It wants the state Gaming Commission to provide $3.9 million for the first 15 days of racing.
The Protective Association says Brockton's short track, at five-eighths of a mile, is in bad shape and unsafe. State officials say the track would have to pass rigorous safety tests for racing to begin.
The Protective Association's alternative, the proposed equine center, would include riding trails, a farmers' market, race track, polo field and other amenities. The group wants the track to be financed by bonds backed by the race fund. The center would generate $99 million a year in economic benefit, according to a University of Massachusetts Amherst estimate prepared for the association.
“We are excited to create a model” for the country, said Matthew Clarke, an association director.
Attempts by both groups to get legislation passed to further their interests failed this legislative season, as did an effort to give the Gaming Commission more control over the fund.
But some in the state house said it would just be better to scrap the fund.
“It's troubling,” said State Sen. Jamie Eldridge, an Acton Democrat. “The industry has mostly left Massachusetts. I would rather use the money on small businesses” or to combat “the negative impact casinos have.”
Some in the thoroughbred establishment say their venerable sport is on a state-subsidy lifeline.
“It may be questionable whether alternative gaming funds will revitalize the business,” said Christopher N. Scherf, executive vice president of the Thoroughbred Racing Associations in Maryland. “But in many cases it is certainly the death knell if it is taken away.”
This story was produced in collaboration between WBUR public radio and The Eye, a publication of the New England Center for Investigative Reporting. WBUR reporter Bruce Gellerman, and NECIR intern Colby Burdick contributed reporting.
Dear Annie: I've found a new way to get free food: dumpster diving. Several times a week, a group of us go through the supermarket dumpster at night to see what they've thrown away. Sometimes there's nothing, but other times, there's great stuff.
One night, I found nine ears of corn. Another time, it was 23 packs of chicken. I've found honeydew melons, cherries, grapes, peppers, tomatoes, potatoes and all sorts of other goodies. I thoroughly boil the meat and poultry before eating it, and I wash the fruit and pour boiling water over it. It loses some color, but still tastes sweet. I cook all vegetables.
The problem is, there's a stigma to this. People give us dirty looks. We're very careful not to make a mess. We leave everything spotless. But the store manager hates us. And if my mother knew about this, she'd throw a fit.
I can't figure out why this is so despised. Why should I have to pay all that money for food when I can get it for nothing? — New York
Dear New York: Most people aren't willing to go through someone else's garbage in order to find edible food that isn't contaminated, rotten, partially eaten or long past the expiration date. And while we know some folks do this for economic reasons or as a protest against the "system," most people find it distasteful and demeaning. We think the owners of groceries and restaurants are entitled to earn a living, too, and we would hope that still-edible food is donated to food pantries whenever possible.
Dear Annie: I don't know how to get rid of my pest of a neighbor. I moved to this community three years ago, after my divorce. I befriended "Joyce," a woman in her 70s who lives two doors down.
Joyce won't leave me alone. When I entertain my fiance or friends, she is sure to walk over uninvited and interrupt us. On several occasions, I've given her my business card and asked her to call first to make sure I'm not busy. It hasn't worked. She also drinks my wine, and even though she has an extensive wine collection, she never offers to replace the bottle she consumed at my place.
At times, I've had to shut my curtains and hide in my bedroom until she is gone. Help. — Prisoner in My Own Home in Southern California
Dear Prisoner: Joyce is lonely and either clueless or deliberately obtuse. It is a kindness to include her when you can, but you also are entitled to entertain without her. So you will need to be a bit more assertive and willing to upset her. The next time Joyce comes over unannounced and unwanted, stop her at the door and say, "Joyce, I have company. You will have to come back another time." If she gets teary, outraged, pushy or anything else, simply repeat that she will have to come back another time. Don't let her walk beyond the threshold.
Dear Annie: This is in response to "Need To Know in Saskatoon," the woman who disliked her dentist referring to her as "dear."
I am a busy ob-gyn. I often call my patients by some such all-purpose term of endearment when I blank out and cannot remember their given name. It only means that I am busy and forgetful and have a lot on my mind. But at the same time, I want the patient to feel closer to me than she would if I did not address her at all. Your dentist only wants you to feel relaxed and comfortable. — Little Doctor
Dear Doctor: That won't work if the patient finds it offensive and condescending. Some people don't mind the endearment. Those who do need to inform the doctor, and the doctor needs to take the objection seriously.
Annie's Mailbox is written by Kathy Mitchell and Marcy Sugar, longtime editors of the Ann Landers column. Please email your questions to [email protected], or write to: Annie's Mailbox, c/o Creators Syndicate, 737 3rd Street, Hermosa Beach, CA 90254. To find out more about Annie's Mailbox and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate Web page at www.creators.com.
Naomi, I apologize for my recent tweets questioning your identity. I was wrong, and I'm sorry.
The invitation that we had previously issued for you to speak on the main stage at the upcoming Maker Faire Shenzhen is still very much in place. Let me know if you'd like to present, and I will get you scheduled. I invite you to discuss the issues you have raised and your own journey and work as a Maker.
To Naomi and everyone in the community, I want to say as strongly as I can that we want Make: to be inclusive and provide an arena for all Makers to share their projects, values, challenges, and humanity in a safe and supportive environment. If we fail at that, we take it seriously. I failed on Sunday and learned a valuable lesson from all of you about that. I can do better — and I will.
—Dale
As Washington continues to sound its war drums despite the second Minsk ceasefire, it's worth asking why NATO continued to remain such a bellicose organization after the end of the Cold War, and what its objectives are if peace isn't enough.
It so happens that the fate of the world is now being decided in Ukraine, not so much by the Ukrainians themselves as by the US, EU and Russia, whose geopolitical interests have clashed in this region. The talk about WWIII figures increasingly often in the media and conversations among the scholars and general public. Politicians try to allay their compatriots' fears, but their vociferous statements merely boost this scenario.
The Minsk 2 Agreement offers at least a slim chance of moving away from a military confrontation that would destroy a good deal of the northern hemisphere, if not indeed the entire world. Yet those who view this agreement as Putin's triumph are not at all willing to pressure Kiev into abiding by it.
There is no mystery here. The bloody chaos in Ukraine was devised not to help its people, but to weaken Russia geopolitically and topple the current leadership while mouthing noble slogans of promoting freedom, democracy and other fine Western values. So in view of those who started this mess as long as these goals are not achieved the war in Ukraine must go on even if it may escalate into an open conflict between Russia and the West. The hawks, or the War Party, do not realize that their policies contravene America's long-term strategic interests, and are turning an important potential ally into a dangerous foe.
© Flickr / Gage Skidmore Finding Fault: Farage Blames EU for Creating Ukraine Crisis
It did not have to be that way. After the collapse of communism and the Soviet Union's disintegration, the Russian elite and a vast majority of the public were only too eager to join the Western world. In 1990 President George Herbert Walker Bush spoke of "a Europe whole and free" and of "the new security arch from Vancouver to Vladivostok".
According to many political observers the roots of the current crisis lie in the NATO expansion which took place after collapse of USSR. It is true that there is no signed document to confirm Bush's promise to Gorbachev that NATO would not expand eastward. However, there are lots of reliable and trustworthy witnesses who offer convincing evidence to the effect that Washington broke at least its oral pledge to Moscow.
According to then-US Ambassador to Moscow Jack Matlock, who took part in both the Bush-Gorbachev early-December 1989 summit in Malta and the Shevardnadze-Baker discussions in early February 1990: "The language used was absolute, and the entire negotiation was in the framework of a general agreement that there would be no use of force by the Soviets and no 'taking advantage' by the US … I don't see how anybody could view the subsequent expansion of NATO as anything but 'taking advantage,' particularly since, by then, Russia was hardly a credible threat."
There are other reliable witnesses of those historic events, for example, James Baker, Secretary of State in that period, whose records on this matter have recently been declassified in the Berlin Archives.
In any case there is little doubt that it was Bill Clinton and his administration that moved sharply away from a rapprochement with Russia toward a deep divide and dangerous confrontation.
George Kennan, one of the most distinguished of American diplomats, later told the New York Times that he believed the expansion of NATO was "the beginning of a new cold war…I think it is a tragic mistake. There was no reason for this whatsoever. No one was threatening anybody else. This expansion would make the Founding Fathers of this country turn over in their graves.''
All together 19 US Senators, including John Ashcroft (R-MO), Tom Harkin (D-IA), Jim Inhofe (R-OK), Patrick Leahy (D-VT), Daniel Patrick Moynihan (D-NY), Harry Reid (D-NV), Arlen Specter (R-PA) and John Warner (R-VA) voted against the bill permitting the expansion of NATO. Some of them said the expansion would "dilute NATO's self-defense mission, antagonize Russia, jeopardize several Russian-American arms-control negotiations and draw a new dividing line — a new Iron Curtain — across Europe.” Republican Senator Jon Kyl was the only one absent during the vote.
"We'll be back on a hair-trigger," said Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, a New York Democrat, warning that enlargement would threaten much worse than a new cold war. "We're talking about nuclear war."
Nevertheless NATO expansion proceeded apace, even though Russia was devastated by the 1990s economic crisis. Its unexpected recovery in the 2000s caught its opponents unawares, and George W. Bush continued carrying on with NATO enlargement and staging "color revolutions" in former Soviet republics.
Barack Obama started his term with some hopeful "reset" initiatives but the positive trend did not last too long.
© Flickr / US Embassy Vienna Deal-breaker? Germany, NATO in First Open Conflict Over Ukraine Crisis
The current, most sweeping global crisis erupted because the European Union with US blessing chose to rupture centuries-old historical, economic and family ties between Russia and Ukraine, using the same old slogans of promoting Western values.
Today it is abundantly clear that the Ukrainian people have not benefited from this policy which the February 2014 violent coup in Kiev. At the same time majority of the people in South-East Ukraine had different ideas about their future. When Maidan activists used violence to declare their desire to join Europe, whatever that means, people in Donetsk and Lugansk, given their history, demography, family ties and geographical location wanted to use something similar to Canadian and Austrian experience while maintaining close relations with Russia. They did not use specific slogans to that effect but it was pretty obvious due to the federative system and the two official languages in Canada as well as Austria's nonaligned status.
For that they were shelled with heavy artillery, bombed from airplanes with tens of thousands of killed and wounded.
The infrastructure of this area is destroyed; there are hundreds of thousands of refugees and on top of that the world now indeed is teetering on the brink of a new disaster, possibly even nuclear. Not a single word of condemnation of Kiev by Washington or Brussels for doing that, so much for Western values.
It may be worth recalling that in the most dangerous periods of the Cold War the risks of military confrontation were defused by the Administrations of Eisenhower, Kennedy and Reagan. Yet there is no sign of this kind of awareness and responsibility among the Democrats or Republicans who are all trying to outdo one another as the biggest saber-rattlers against Russia.
There are the voices of Party of Peace among Americans and Europeans but so far they are obviously overwhelmed by the Party of War. Does it mean that the Russia – West military conflict is inevitable?
Edward Lozansky is the President and Founder of the American University in Moscow and the World Russia Forum. He is also a Professor of Moscow State and National Research Nuclear Universities.
CTVNews.ca Staff
Pride Toronto executive director Mathieu Chantelois says no final decisions have been made after he signed an agreement mid-parade Sunday with Black Lives Matter Toronto protesters that includes several demands, including banning police floats in the future.
“Black Lives Matter is not going to tell us that there is no more floats anymore in the parade,” Chantelois said in an interview Monday on local news station CP24.
“Pride is bigger than Black Lives Matter,” he added. “That is the kind of decision that needs to be made by the community.”
However, in an interview on CTV News Channel, Chantelois appeared open to the idea of taking police floats out of the parade.
“Personally, I think police are already all over the parade because there are a lot of officers everywhere in uniform,” he said. “So having them walking instead of being on a float will not be the end of the world for me.”
Several members of Black Lives Matter Toronto sat down in the middle of Yonge Street Sunday, bringing the parade to a halt. It resumed 30 minutes later when Chantleois signed their list of demands.
The demands include no police floats in future parades or police booths at the festival, a doubling of funding for the 18-year-old black-focused party Blockorama, a permanent Black queer youth stage, a South Asian-focused stage, and more American Sign Language interpretation provided by Black deaf and hearing interpreters.
On Monday, Pride Toronto released a statement saying it's “committed to creating a safe and inclusive festival for everyone and hearing from our whole community and stakeholders, including the most marginalized voices, on how to do so.”
The organization also clarified that “law enforcement are critical to ensuring a safe festival and parade. Toronto Police will continue to lead security planning for future parades and we thank them for their efforts. We have had, and will continue to have, discussions with the police about the nature of their involvement as parade participants.”
Pride Toronto is holding a public townhall in August, and has set up an email address for people to “share their thoughts.”
BLM-TO protest ‘about inclusion'
Protest organizer Janaya Khan, who identifies as a member of both the black and LGBTQ communities, told CP24 the group's demands are not about excluding people, but about making the parade more inclusive.
“This isn't about excluding police; this is actually about making our movement more inclusive,” Khan said.
“I think one of the major tensions of this particular day is ‘who feels safer with the presence of police?' More than that, should they be in their uniforms and participating in the parade in the first place?”
Khan said that although she thinks police floats should definitely not be allowed, “a police presence is something that could be negotiated.”
“There are LGBTQ police officers on the force and we have no right to say whether or not they should participate,” she added.
Khan said that seeing police officers in uniform causes “deep and grave concern because of the distrust that exists in the community.”
In a recent Facebook post, she wrote that “police are still homophobic and transphobic, racist and unaccountable in their practice.”
She said that she and fellow BLM-TO faced racism at a recent Pride mural unveiling.
“Remember, white Pride is still White Pride,” she wrote. “Some of y'all will be waving that gay flag as quickly as the confederate.”
'Shame on Pride organizers': Police union
Toronto Police Association President Mike McCormack was furious when Chantelois signed their list of “ridiculous” and “offensive` demands.
“Shame on Pride organizers,” he tweeted Sunday night after learning that Pride organizers had agreed to the demand.
“Unfortunately, it's a great event and it's been hijacked by Black Lives Matter,” McCormack told CP24 in a phone interview.
“This is not what this event is about. This event is about inclusiveness. It's about community, and now they've attempted to drive a wedge in that community.”
Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said that he will not comment until after he speaks with Pride Toronto, to “let them know exactly what my feelings are, what my concerns or issues are, if there are any.”
There was an increased police presence at the parade this year, given safety concerns following the mass shooting in Orlando. Many police officers wore uniforms with the Pride rainbow on them and posed for pictures.
Gay officer: don't exclude us
Chuck Krangle, an openly gay Toronto Police constable who marched in the parade Sunday, wrote an open letter Monday after the protest. He wrote that seeing the police floats in the parade made it clear to him that his “employer fully supports this part of me.”
“Police officers are significantly represented in the LGBTQ community and it would be unacceptable to alienate and discriminate against them and those who support them,” he wrote. “They too struggled to gain a place and workplace free from discrimination and bias.”
Krangle wrote that he fears being excluded from the next Pride. “Exclusion does not promote inclusion,” he added.
Activist: Police assaulted protesters
Desmond Cole, a journalist and BLM-TO activist, said protesters are still angry about having been “assaulted by police” in April.
Police moved in on the protest outside police headquarters after the protesters started a fire.
“The first night they were demonstrating there, police came out wearing hazmat suits,” he said. “They came out ready to start an altercation and they in fact did push, throw to the ground and get very aggressive with a whole bunch of protesters who were there.”
He said that people must consider whether it's more important for police to feel “included” at pride than those who the BLM-TO protesters, who he said are “mostly queer and Trans.”
“Pride itself was founded because of police brutality against the queer community,” he added.
Back to ‘political roots': reporter
Arshy Mann, a reporter with LGBTQ-focused publication Daily Xtra, says Black Lives Matter Toronto made use of their platform as an honorary guest of the parade to get their message through.
“They would say they were bringing Pride back to its political roots,” Mann told CTV News Channel.
“They were using a moment of maximum visibility and maximum leverage to push for greater openness and access for black, indigenous, non-white LGBT people, for them to have a greater place at the table during Pride.”
BLM-TO co-founder Rodney Diverlus says, while the issues his group raised at the parade may be new to some, these are changes they've been requesting for years.
“The demands have been discussed ad nauseum by members of marginalized communities. What you don't see is the years of conversation between organizing bodies and Pride Toronto,” Diverlus told CTV News Channel Monday.
“What you did see is an action that has escalated out of literally dozens of conversations about safety, and funding, and space and resources.”
Past controversy
Black Lives Matter Toronto claims to be an anti-racist group but faced accusations of racism when co-founder Yusra Khogali Tweeted in February, “Plz Allah give me strength to not cuss/kill these men and white folks out here today. Plz plz plz.”
Sandy Hudson, a former University of Toronto student leader and BLM-TO organizer, said at the time that discussing Khogali`s hateful Tweet was "tabloid journalism."
Hudson told CTV News Channel the media should instead focus on “what our decision makers are going to be doing to ensure that black folks are not discriminated against, unfairly targeted, dehumanized, (and) killed by police services in our city and in our country.”
Germany now faces weeks, if not months, of paralysis with a lame-duck government that is unlikely to take bold policy action at home or on the European stage.
With no other viable coalition in sight, Germany may be forced to hold new elections that risk being as inconclusive as September's poll.
Merkel, whose liberal refugee policy has proved deeply divisive, had been forced to seek an alliance with an unlikely group of parties after the ballot left her without a majority.
But following more than a month of gruelling negotiations, the leader of the pro-business FDP, Christian Lindner, walked out of talks overnight, saying there was no "basis of trust" to forge a government with Merkel's conservative alliance CDU-CSU and the ecologist Greens.
"It is better not to govern than to govern badly," he said, adding that the parties did not share "a common vision on modernizing" Germany.
Voicing regret at the FDP's decision, Merkel vowed to steer Germany through the crisis.
"As chancellor... I will do everything to ensure that this country comes out well through this difficult time," she said.
News magazine Der Spiegel called the breakdown in negotiations a "catastrophe" for Merkel and said Germany, long seen as an island of stability, was having its "Brexit moment, its Trump moment".
French President Emmanuel Macron, who has sought Merkel's backing for an ambitious EU reform plan, expressed concern about Germany's political deadlock. He said he hoped Berlin would remain a "stable and strong" partner to allow the two partners to "move forward together," his office said in a statement.
The euro and Germany's blue-chip DAX index fell slightly on the news of the stalemate, but later back edged up, erasing early losses.
READ ALSO: Germany's political uncertainty rattles markets
'Populist agitation'
The acrimonious negotiations stumbled on a series of issues including immigration.
Merkel let in more than one million asylum seekers since 2015, sparking a backlash that allowed the far-right AfD party to win its first seats in parliament.
Its parliamentary co-leader Alexander Gauland welcomed the collapse of the talks, saying that Merkel had "failed" and that his party "looks forward to potential new elections" in which it stands to make strong gains.
The negotiating parties also differed on environmental issues, with the Greens wanting to phase out dirty coal and combustion-engine cars, while the conservatives and FDP emphasized the need to protect industry and jobs.
The Greens angrily deplored the failure to form a government, saying they had believed a deal could be done despite the differences and accusing the FDP of negotiating in bad faith.
Lindner, who had taken a harder line on refugees as the talks progressed, "opted for his kind of populist agitation instead of political responsibility", Greens Europe MP Reinhard Buetikofer tweeted.
Chancellor in danger
Merkel could now try to convince the Social Democratic Party (SPD), which has been the junior coalition partner in her government since 2013, to return to the fold.
But after suffering a humiliating loss at the ballot box, the party's top brass has repeatedly said the SPD's place was now in the opposition.
Merkel, who has been in power for 12 years, could also lead a minority government although she had signalled that she was not in favour of such instability.
Germany could therefore be forced to hold new elections, which would have to be called by President Frank-Walter Steinmeier.
But that is not without peril for Merkel, who would face questions from within her party on whether she is still the best candidate to carry its banner into a new campaign.
As talks dragged on without a breakthrough, Steinmeier had on Sunday issued a warning to parties not to recklessly force new elections.
"All sides are aware of their responsibilities. And this responsibility means not returning their mandate to voters," he told Welt am Sonntag.
Merkel was meeting with Steinmeier Monday to discuss the crisis but planned talks with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte were hastily cancelled.
Voters in central Berlin expressed shock about the sudden injection of high drama into the often staid world of German politics.
But law student Alexander Streb, 20, insisted that the upheaval did not spell "the end of the Merkel era".
"She stands for stability, that's also why young people like her," he told AFP.
SEE ALSO: The top three hurdles in German coalition talks
Mickey L. Velazquez could be the poster child for caution on Craigslist. He and his co-conspirators bought cars advertised on the free website, then threatened the sellers at gunpoint, stole back the cash they'd paid and kept the cars. For that, Velazquez was sentenced to 30 years in prison today.
Mickey L. Velazquez could be the poster child for caution on Craigslist.
He and his co-conspirators bought cars advertised on the free website, then threatened the sellers at gunpoint, stole back the cash they�d paid and kept the cars.
For that, Velazquez was sentenced to 30 years in prison today.
U.S. District Judge James L. Graham also ordered Velazquez to pay $23,900 in restitution.
Velazquez, 30, of Brookside Boulevard on the West Side, was charged with three counts of interference with commerce by threat or violence and two counts of using a firearm in a violent crime. He pleaded guilty to the charges in January.
The sentence was part of a plea deal.
Velazquez, who had no prior criminal record, apologized for his �bad decisions� and said he wished he could take back his actions.
�I�ve never done anything bad before in my life, but bad people do lead you to bad choices,� he said. �I was the one telling people and kids to stay out of trouble and stay in school. And here I am today.�
Assistant U.S. Attorney David J. Bosley called the involvement of Velazquez in the crimes � crazy� considering his background.
Previously, Graham had sentenced co-conspirator Jonathan Flores-Oquendo of the West Side to 28 years in prison and co-conspirator Ricardo Velazquez-Flores, also of the West Side, to 17 years in prison.
A fourth defendant, Raphael D. Person Jr. of Atlanta, is scheduled for trial in August.
Attorney Howard T. Merkle said his client�s crime �has cost him everything he holds dear,� including helping his two children grow up.
Graham said Velazquez organized the Craigslist scheme, which involved two sales. During the first, in December 2011, Flores-Oquendo and Velazquez-Flores paid a man and his son $5,900 for a 2002 Acura. They made the exchange at a Northwest Side shopping center.
Court records say that Velazquez and Person then followed the sellers home and robbed them at gunpoint, taking the $5,900.
The second robbery was in February 2012 in Middletown, between Dayton and Cincinnati. Velazquez paid a man and his son $18,000 for a Nissan 350Z. Co-conspirators then robbed the sellers of the cash and drove the Nissan to Columbus.
Velazquez also is a defendant in a home-invasion case in Franklin County. The plea agreement in the federal case requires that any prison sentence in that case would run concurrently with the federal sentence.
kgray@dispatch.com
@reporterkathy
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 14, 2014, 6:44 PM GMT / Updated March 14, 2014, 7:28 PM GMT
Crowdfunding sites like Kickstarter can be an easy way for artists and entrepreneurs to raise money -- but they may be surprised to find the IRS likely sees the funds raised for their passion projects as taxable income.
Users of Kickstarter, Indiegogo, GoFundMe, and their host of rivals may see themselves as hobbyists or the recipients of donations. But tax experts caution that if they're offering products or services in exchange for money, that's generally considered income.
"The way these sites work makes it sound like: Donate to this cause, this project, this hobby," said Chris Barsness, a business attorney at BarthCalderon in California. "It sounds innocuous, like nothing tax-related would come up. But any time money changes hands, the IRS is going to find a way to tax somebody."
Individual situations can vary, pointed out M.J. Bogatin, a lawyer at Bogatin, Corman & Gold who works with startups and artists near San Francisco.
"But as a rule of thumb I tell clients: Treat it like a business, the end," Bogatin said.
However, that's not typically how artists and entrepreneurs view their crowdfunding endeavors.
Lainey Schooltree (a stage name) -- a producer and performer whose art-rock band Schooltree raised $9,000 on Kickstarter in 2012 to complete its debut album -- told NBC News that taxes never entered her mind until she saw a mention of a tax form during the Kickstarter signup process.
"I frantically Googled 'Kickstarter taxes, but there wasn't a lot of clear-cut information," said Schooltree, whose real name is Lainey Schulbaum. "I found a lot of 'you can try this or that, but there's no guarantee.' There was no precedent or straight answer."
As Schooltree found, even those who are savvy enough to look for guidance on taxes won't find instructions from the IRS about crowdfunding explicitly. The IRS declined to comment on this story.
"As a rule of thumb I tell clients: Treat it like a business, the end."
A confused Schooltree published a post on her blog about what she learned, in which she pointed out sites like Kickstarter, GoFundMe and more share little guidance about taxes.
That's likely why a few pervasive myths and speculative theories continue to fly online between befuddled artists who have raised funds through crowdfunding.
Generally, crowdfunding sites shy away from providing any back-end services would that require them to get involved in tax situations. Instead they use services like Amazon Payments and PayPal to process the payments, and those processors are responsible for reporting to the IRS.
Those services are required to send tax forms to the recipient of the money -- and to the IRS -- only if that person or company raised at least $20,000 and received 200 or more transactions in a year.
That has led to online chatter about whether someone who doesn't meet that threshold, and therefore doesn't receive a form, still needs to pay taxes.
That one's easy, Barness said: whether or not you receive a 1099 doesn't change the fact that you earned money and therefore owe federal income tax. (It's possible that self-employment tax, state tax and other situations may also apply.)
"It's the same as if you did $1,000 worth of work as a contractor, and the company didn't send you a 1099," Barsness said. "People commenting online may speculate otherwise, but no form doesn't mean no taxes."
"I found a lot of 'you can try this or that, but there's no guarantee.' There was no precedent or straight answer."
The exception to the crowdfunding rule is a true gift: money sent for nothing in exchange. Some crowdfunding campaigns are meant to help a family rebuild after a fire, for example, or to raise funds for an individual's medical treatments.
"A gift, which is something of pure donative intent from the giver, should not be considered income to the recipient," said Jordon Rosen, a certified public accountant at the Delaware based firm Belfint, Lyons & Shuman. (Individual people can give up to $14,000 per year or $5.3 million in a lifetime without triggering gift tax, he added.)
But that gift rule wasn't so black-and-white for the family of Jay Lake, a science-fiction author who has battled advanced colorectal cancer since being diagnosed in 2008.
Thanks to his fans and the aid of friends like novelist Neil Gaiman, the author managed to raise $48,000 via Youfunding.com last year for an experimental genome-sequencing process to aid his treatment. Lake is currently in the middle of an intensive course of treatment at the National Cancer Institute in Maryland, said his father, Joe Lake, Sr.
According to Joe Lake, an accountant told Jay that he should not expect PayPal -- which processes payments for Youcaring.com campaigns -- to report the funds raised for his treatment.
Instead, according to Joe, Jay received a 1099-K form from PayPal that listed the gifts as income. Further complicating the issue: PayPal included the gifts on the same 1099-K form that reported Jay's royalty income for books sold overseas, which is paid into the same account.
PayPal did not reply to requests for comment, but late Thursday the company posted general guidelines for using its platform for crowdfunding.
"The fact that the donations were even reported blew us away completely," said Joe Lake. "For them to be mixed with actual business income is a whole other kettle of fish."
Jay's accountant has not yet submitted his tax returns, but according to Joe, she is planning to report only the royalties as income -- but she has told the Lakes that Jay will likely face an audit.
"We don't know how it will play out, but I can tell you we really don't need to be worried about a tax audit at a moment like this in Jay's treatment," Joe Lake said.
The Lakes were likely smart to hire a professional for their complex situation, but Schooltree, the art-rock bandleader, told NBC News she figured out her tax forms on her own. The band's album-making costs more than offset the income they raked in from Kickstarter, she said.
"I definitely stressed about it," Schooltree said. "Taxes aren't exactly fun for anyone at any time, but when it came to Kickstarter, going into it I just didn't think about taxes at all."
AN exclusive video of the Smithfield downhill mountain bike course shows what the UCI World Cup riders will face when round two comes to Cairns on April 25.
The footage, which can be viewed at cairnspost.com.au/sport is the best footage yet of the new-look downhill course, to host the world's best riders later this month.
Cairns siblings Mick and Tracey Hannah strap cameras to their helmets and, with the help of more cameras hovering above and along the trail, their descent is captured at its most raw. You have to see to believe just how fast and precise they are.
Trail designer Glen Jacobs and technical delegate Craig Nissen commentate the run, Jacobs giving insights into the gauntlet he first built nearly 20 years ago.
The World Cup will bring more than 300 of the world's best riders to Cairns, with a projected crowd of 30,000.
Three classes – Olympic and eliminator cross-country and downhill – will be held in Smithfield while Atherton host the Australian Cross Country Marathon Championships on April 25.
Cairns will host another World Cup and the World Championships in the next three years.
The percentage of Americans who say they have a "great deal" of respect for "the police in your area" has just leaped from an already-substantial 64 percent to 76 percent, the highest number the Gallup pollsters have recorded since 1967:
1967 was another year of protest and backlash, and I suspect this surge reflects a similar dynamic. The high-profile shootings of police officers in Dallas and elsewhere probably played a role in that bump.
Another recent Gallup result is less striking but no less significant. This survey asked about people's confidence in police, not their respect—and it came out in June, so it appeared too early to be influenced by events in Dallas:
Unlike the other poll, this one is in line with the usual results. But it also shows an almost complete recovery from 2015, when the figure hit a 22-year low. This year's respect numbers may turn out to be an outlier, driven by sympathy for slain officers; but last year's confidence numbers may well be an outlier too.
That rise in trust is driven pretty much entirely by white people: This year just 39 percent of nonwhites told Gallup they had a high level of confidence in the cops. (For a recent attempt to detect the strength of this cynicism, go here.) Nonwhite respect for the police, on the other hand, leaped this year, though not as high as white respect did:
Note that while the respect question asks specifically about police in the answerer's area, the confidence question does not. I think the respect responses reflect more than just local factors—obviously, since I think they're influenced by events like the Dallas shootings—but that difference is still worth keeping in mind.
(Correction: This post originally misidentified the previous high as having taken place in 1968. In fact the year was 1967.)
This report from Jack Mirkinson may seem like a joke, but it's entirely real.
Fox News cut away from President Obama's press conference with German chancellor Angela Merkel on Friday because people weren't asking Obama questions about Benghazi. Obama's conference came just as House Republicans announced that they were forming a select committee to further investigate the 2012 attacks, but Fox News apparently grew frustrated that he was getting questions on the situation in Ukraine and the botched execution in Oklahoma.
When a German journalist started asking a question, Fox News' Harris Faulkner told viewers, “We are not anticipating that that [question] would be about the situation with Benghazi, which is breaking news since the president has been talking, really. So if in fact somebody throws him a question on this topic, we'll go back to that joint news conference … we're going to move on here with what is breaking.”
Media Matters posted the video of this remarkable editorial decision.
Just so we're clear, there's an ongoing crisis in Ukraine and this White House press conference was an opportunity to hear two of the most important heads of state in the world address the West's response to Russia's incursions. Obama and Merkel also spoke at some length about surveillance policies, which have strained U.S. relations with allies like Germany.
But unless reporters at the press conference ask about Benghazi, Fox News just isn't interested. Indeed, as promised, the network did not return to show any additional live footage from the press conference.
Fox's obsession with Benghazi is beginning to make CNN's interest in Flight 370 appear timid and understated.
I mean, really. Stuff like this just isn't healthy.
On May 1, Fox News host Martha MacCallum argued that the network deserved an award for its coverage of Benghazi, while contributor Monica Crowley claimed Fox was the only network “reporting the truth on Benghazi”: CROWLEY: The fact that Fox News was reporting the truth, and we were roundly mocked and attacked [crosstalk]. MacCALLUM: Absolutely. You go through the stories that were broken in our Washington bureau about how quickly this was understood to be, and all of this is being is corroborated today and yesterday in the Rose memo [sic] and in this testimony, I think Fox News deserves an award for their coverage in this, not to be mocked.
UPDATE 6:45 p.m.
Chambers has been moved to Payne County Jail.
She is being held on four counts of 2nd-degree murder.
------------------------------------------------
OKLAHOMA CITY - In a news conference Sunday afternoon, Tony Coleman, the attorney for Adacia Chambers said she was not intoxicated.
"Her behavior was not consistent with someone who was coming off a drunken stupor, if you will," Tony Coleman said. "However the police acted appropriately considering the circumstances."
He does believe that Chambers suffers from some form of mental illness which went untreated that contributed to the accident.
"I was not satisfied at all that I was speaking with a competent individual," Coleman said. "There have been warning signs coming from Ms. Chambers; a pattern of behavior that should have been treated long before yesterday."
During the briefing, her attorney said Chambers had a period of time from when she arrived at work Saturday morning until she was taken out of her car that she does not remember.
"She only remembers the end of the crash, people pulling her from the vehicle and shards of glass everywhere," Coleman said.
He also said according to witnesses he has interviewed, Chambers had not been drinking the night before the accident or the morning of. He said witnesses and family members said she was not a drinker and did not do drugs.
Chambers' boyfriend and father told her attorney that she is diabetic and she was not being treated.
Coleman would not comment on what Chambers' reaction was to the number of victims killed and injured during the accident.
He said he will be requesting a competency hearing to ensure Chambers is able to stand trial.
There's no word on when her first appearance in court will be or what charges Chambers will face.
Faster-than-Light Pulsar Phenomena
Press Release From: Los Alamos National Laboratory
Posted: Tuesday, January 5, 2010
Lawbreakers? faster-than-light Polarization Currents, The Electromagnetic "Boom" and Pulsar Observational Data
Pulsars are neutron stars that emit amazingly regular, short bursts of radio waves, so regular that they were originally thought to be signals from little green men! Though their discovery over 40 years ago was very widely reported and resulted in a Nobel Prize, the reasons how and why they send these bursts has remained a mystery; to quote Jean Eilek of NRAO, "we know why they pulse, but why do they shine?" However, in papers presented this week to the American Astronomical Society, Andrea Schmidt and John Singleton of Los Alamos National Laboratory provide detailed analyses of several pieces of observational data that suggest that pulsars emit the electromagnetic equivalent of the well-known "sonic boom" from accelerating supersonic aircraft. Just as the "boom" can be very loud a long way from the aircraft, the analogous signals from the pulsar remain intense over very long distances.
Schmidt and Singleton's presentations provide strong support for a pulsar emission mechanism (the superluminal model) due to circulating polarization currents that travel faster than the speed of light. These superluminal polarization currents are disturbances in the pulsar's plasma atmosphere in which oppositely-charged particles are displaced by small amounts in opposite directions; they are induced by the neutron star's rotating magnetic field. Despite the large speed of the polarization current itself, the small displacements of the charged particles that make it up means that their velocities remain slower than light, so that Einstein's theory of Special Relativity is not violated. No laws of physics are broken in this model!
Back in the 1980s, Nobel laureate Vitaly Ginzburg and colleagues showed that such faster-than-light polarization currents will act as sources of electromagnetic radiation. Since then, the theory has been developed by Houshang Ardavan of Cambridge University, UK, and several ground-based demonstrations of the principle have been carried out in the United Kingdom, Russia and the USA. Thus far, polarization currents traveling at up to six times the speed of light (i.e. 1.8 million km per second) have been demonstrated to emit tightly-focused bursts of radiation by the ground-based experiments. Note that, though the source of radiation exceeds the speed of light, the emitted radiation travels at the normal light speed once it leaves the source.
In the superluminal model of pulsars described by Schmidt and Singleton, the polarization current moves in a circular orbit, and its emitted radiation is therefore in some ways analogous to that of the electron synchrotron facilities used to produce radiation from the far-infrared to X-ray for experiments in biology and other subjects. In other words, the pulsar is a very broadband source of radiation. However, the fact that the source moves faster than the speed of light results in a flux that oscillates as a function of frequency.
Schmidt's presentation, produced in collaboration with Houshang Ardavan, shows that these predicted oscillations are seen in GHz data from the Crab pulsar published by Tim Hankins and colleagues at NRAO. Schmidt also showed fits of the superluminal model to data from the Crab and eight other pulsars, spanning electromagnetic frequencies from the radio to X-rays. In each case, the superluminal model accounted for the entire data set over 16 orders of magnitude of frequency with essentially only two adjustable parameters. In contrast to previous attempts, where several disparate models have been used to fit small frequency ranges of pulsar spectra, Schmidt showed that a single emission process can account for the whole of the pulsar's spectrum.
Another prediction of the superluminal model for pulsars is that there should be a component of the pulsar's flux that decays as 1/distance, rather than as the conventional inverse-square law. The effect is in fact a general property of sources that both exceed the speed of their emitted waves and accelerate, and has been known in the field of acoustics since the advent of supersonic aircraft; it results from focusing of the emitted waves in the time domain. In pulsars, the acceleration is centripetal, due to the fact that the superluminal polarization current rotates with the neutron star's magnetic field. Singleton's presentation suggests that this non-spherically-decaying radiation is detected in pulsar observational data.
Along with Pinaki Sengupta (Nanyang Technological University, Singapore), Singleton has analyzed flux and dispersion data from 971 pulsars in the Parkes Multibeam Survey. The analysis, which is derived from a widely-accepted approach originally used by George Efstathiou (Cambridge University) to study the red-shifts of very distant objects, shows that pulsars possess a flux that falls off as the inverse of the distance, rather than the inverse of the distance squared. This dependence, which is unique to pulsars (and the ground-based radio experiments mentioned above) is caused by the electromagnetic equivalent of the "sonic boom". In other words, the pulsar radio pulses are a natural electromagnetic equivalent of a well-known phenomenon in acoustics.
There are several predictions of the superluminal model which should be confirmed by further observations. First, the overall spectrum of pulsars should be generic, due to the superluminal nature of the source; detail differences are due to differences in the pulsar atmospheres. The model predicts that the entire frequency spectrum should scale as the cube of the pulsar's rotation period, so that millisecond pulsars will emit only in the radio bands, whereas slow pulsars will emit right out to X-rays. Although this does seem to be true for the data in hand so far, the number of broadband pulsar measurements is very restricted at present. Second, other pulsars should show banded emission in the radiofrequency end of the spectrum, similar to those described by Hankins and colleagues in their Crab observations.
This work is supported by the US Department of Energy through the Los Alamos LDRD program. For further technical information, see preprints at arXiv:0912.0350, arXiv:0908.1349 and arXiv:0903.0399
// end //
More news releases and status reports or top stories.
Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Because nothing says love of country like meaningless bling.
You have to keep in mind that Fox News is nothing more than the propaganda arm of the Republican party. It's the GOP's Pravda. So you always have to look deeper whenever you see any story on Fox, and look to the motivation – what made them put this story on? Being “news” is not an option.
In this case, rather than use any of the white American medalists as a poster girl for un-patriotism, Fox chose the black one, Gabby Douglas, who just happens to be the first African-American woman to win an all-around gold medal in the Olympics. Racism isn't always subtle.
Fox also artfully chose a black Tea Party loyalist to be the one delivering the hate, so as to cover their behind. Fox does this a lot. I'd been called numerous times to go on Fox in order to debate someone else gay about some topic blasting gays. You see, so long as they get someone gay, or black, to deliver the bigotry, it doesn't count as hateful, in their eyes.
Back to the bling.
Fox News is concerned that America's athletes aren't wearing enough American flags, or piercing their noses with copies of the Constitution, or something. Republicans have a bit of a fetish for patriotic bling, but less so for patriotism itself. They love the flag, but don't particularly love what the flag stands for (they can't stand our system of government, particularly the judiciary, but really any branch that stands in their way). They claim to “love” the troops, but then when a service member runs for president they mock him for having received a purple heart (a medal he got for being wounded in battle and saving his fellow service members).
In other words, Republicans are much more into objects of democracy than democracy itself. It's why they're far more concerned about kids saying prayers in school than they are the same kid getting a school lunch, or keeping the kid away from automatic rifles (lest that interfere with the child's constitutional right to die in a meaningless blaze of gunfire at the movies).
So, to Fox, it doesn't matter that these athletes have given their all, since childhood, for this one chance to represent their country at the Olympics. That's not patriotism. What's patriotic is stopping by the local gun shop and buying a $2.00 flag pin along with an uzi, before heading home to beat your wife, and disown your kid for being gay.
But Mr. Romney, who strongly considered a 2016 presidential campaign of his own before bowing out as Mr. Bush made a show of fund-raising force, is not ready to make an endorsement, according to three people close to him,
His advisers are also said to be split as to whether he should do so. But Mr. Romney has been incensed by the campaign that Mr. Trump has run, according to those close to him, though he has only occasionally spoken out publicly, as he did after Mr. Trump praised President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia. “Important distinction: thug Putin kills journalists and opponents,” Mr. Romney wrote on Twitter. “Our presidents kill terrorists and enemy combatants.”
Mr. Bush's backing will most likely be tougher to secure. He and Mr. Rubio clashed heatedly over the last few weeks of the campaign, and Mr. Bush was plainly wounded by the experience of being upstaged by a candidate who was once his protégé.
In his remarks on Saturday, Mr. Rubio praised Mr. Bush as a visionary governor and a good man. But it may take a more concerted effort at fence-mending to persuade Mr. Bush to join forces with Mr. Rubio.
Another obstacle for Mr. Rubio is the presence of Gov. John Kasich of Ohio. The two are fighting for some of the same voters, and Mr. Rubio's campaign openly pushed for Mr. Kasich to leave the race in a memo sent to reporters on Sunday.
“John Kasich has no path to the nomination,” Mr. Rubio's advisers wrote, asserting that there was no way for Mr. Kasich to accrue the needed delegates.
Chris Schrimpf, a spokesman for Mr. Kasich, responded in kind. “Rubio has consistently underperformed throughout this nominating process. He has the same number of second-place finishes as Governor Kasich despite spending at least $45 million more,” Mr. Schrimpf said. “His candidacy has not lived up to its promise despite all the hype. Rubio can't beat Trump in Florida, while we will beat him in Ohio.”
As the clock ticks down to the McLaren-Honda MCL32 car launch, here's how you can be the first to see our 2017 challenger.
We'll be livestreaming the MCL32 launch from 11:00 GMT on Friday February 24th. View it on TEAMStream, follow it on the official McLaren YouTube channel, or see it via Facebook Live on the official McLaren Facebook page.
Don't be late, the covers will come off within a few minutes of the livestream beginning! Stick around post-reveal to hear from our senior management team and Fernando and Stoffel, who will give you the first look at our all-new 2017 driver overalls.
Social media updates will be on full throttle all day, so stay glued to our channels.
Get the MCL32 direct to your inbox
Sign up to the all-new McLaren+ for updates throughout the season and we'll send the latest information about MCL32 straight to your inbox.
Join the conversation
Use #MCL32 and be part of the conversation on Twitter and Instagram. We'll be posting the best social media comments on TEAMStream.
Image copyright Matthew Teller
The fertile Wadi Hanifah valley running through part of Riyadh was for years a rubbish dump and a public health hazard, but now it's been transformed into a vast park, with lakes that attract cool breezes. It's an oasis so large it's hard to police - making it a place for Saudi citizens to relax, in more senses than one.
Down by the lake, Hussein Al-Doseri is beaming.
"Before all this, there were no services here, no trails, no routes."
An athletic 30-something in sunglasses and white T-shirt, Al-Doseri stretches his arms wide to show me the landscape of trees and open water that forms Wadi Hanifah, a shimmering lake in the unlikely setting of an industrial suburb of south Riyadh.
For years treated as a dumping-ground and open sewer, the Hanifah valley has been the focus for an award-winning 10-year restoration project. It has plenty of fans in the hot, dry Saudi capital.
"Now I come here all the time," says Hussein Al-Doseri. "It feels like the opposite of Riyadh."
Rising in the highlands of central Arabia, Wadi Hanifah runs southeast for 120km (75 miles) before losing itself in the sands of the Empty Quarter desert.
This great watercourse is dry for most of the year, but fertile thanks to aquifers close to the surface. People have been farming and trading up and down the valley for millennia.
As a village, then a small town, Riyadh grew sustainably with its population. But from the 1970s rapid growth quickly overwhelmed the city's ecosystems.
Construction firms mined Wadi Hanifah for minerals. The valley was blocked by encroaching farmland. Seasonal flooding swept pollutants into residential neighbourhoods and then left stagnant water, jeopardising public health.
Yet today, Wadi Hanifah shows few signs of its polluted past.
At Al Elb, on Riyadh's scorched northern outskirts, I walked along Wadi Hanifah beside high desert bluffs.
Image copyright Matthew Teller Image caption Improvements to Wadi Hanifah have given children a new place to play
Palm trees now shade a line of carefully designed picnic pods, each comprising a horseshoe of roughly finished limestone slabs, offering secluded valley views.
More slabs, laid horizontally, create steps down to the valley floor, where children scamper along nature trails and families lounge under the acacias.
"Riyadh has no open space," says engineer Saud Al Ajmi. "Wadi Hanifah has become a place to breathe."
Since 2001 the ArRiyadh Development Authority has been restoring and redeveloping the valley, clearing rubbish, grading the banks, landscaping and replanting native flora.
In other big cities you might head up to high ground for a breath of air. In Riyadh, you head down.
Wadi Hanifah acts like a flue, drawing cool breezes over the city to disperse smog and temper the heat.
It is a very long, very thin oasis.
Negotiating Riyadh's ceaseless traffic brought me to the project's defining idea. Overlooked by crisscrossing flyovers, a new facility is transforming urban run-off into water clean enough for irrigation and fishing.
It uses bioremediation - applying natural processes to repair environmental damage.
Canadian landscape architects, working with British engineers, have created a linked series of wetland habitats.
Within three large ponds, algae form the basis of a food web that includes fish, insects and molluscs.
Aided by natural oxygenation, it effectively removes harmful bacteria and other pollutants from the water flowing through.
It is a startling process to observe, where dirty water enters and clean water departs, without human intervention in between. It has also never before been attempted on this scale.
Image copyright Matthew Teller
Indeed, now that bioremediation has been proved to work in Riyadh, scientists are studying how to transfer the technology to other cities.
The Wadi Hanifah scheme has benefited the environment and the economy, and brought gentrification to previously unfashionable neighbourhoods alongside the valley - but it has also reconnected the Saudi capital with a key aspect of its self-identity.
Wadi Hanifah is where Riyadh was born, yet for years it was a source of shame. The clean-up has restored pride.
There is an element of what some call "greenwash" to all this. Almost $1.5bn (£1bn) has been sunk into a headline-making scheme for a city where, I was told, up to a third of households remain unconnected to mainline sewerage.
And, of course, there was no public consultation. As one adviser delicately put it, Riyadh is "able to provide a green light for schemes that might take a lot longer in other countries".
And the creation of a green corridor of parkland and lakeside promenades through the middle of the Saudi capital is also having unexpected social consequences.
The authorities are realising that they simply cannot police such a large area.
By tradition Riyadh has no public entertainment - no cinemas, theatres or music - so the only leisure venues are shopping malls and parks.
Picnicking is big in Saudi Arabia. And down in the cool, shaded Hanifah valley, beside flowing water, there are signs of unusual change.
Saudis and foreigners are starting to mix, in a way unthinkable before. Women are even unveiling with impunity.
Environmental conservation in Saudi Arabia has the potential, it seems, to offer benefits not just to birds and animals.
How to listen to From Our Own Correspondent:
BBC Radio 4: A 30-minute programme on Saturdays, 11:30 BST.
Second 30-minute programme on Thursdays, 11:00 BST (some weeks only).
Listen online or download the podcast
BBC World Service:
Hear daily 10-minute editions Monday to Friday, repeated through the day, also available to listen online.
Read more or explore the archive at the programme website.
- A call about three armed robbers inside a crowed Lancaster movie theater brought out dozens of officers Tuesday night.
It happened around 11 p.m. the Cinemark Theater off Interstate 35 and Pleasant Run Road. Three men wearing all black came in with guns and allegedly forced the manager into the office and assaulted him.
The trio took an undisclosed amount of cash and ran. There was some concern that they were still inside the building so SWAT officers were called in, but the suspects had already escaped, police said.
There were still some 200 people inside watching movies with no idea the theater was being robbed.
Lancaster police notified all surrounding agencies for an "officer assist" call -- one of the most alarming dispatches an officer can receive. Inside, DeSoto police body cams shows the stressful job of sweeping the entire building, looking for possible gunmen hiding inside.
The Dallas County Sheriff's Office sent out tactical officers with their armored vehicle.
“Our priority is to save lives and we react to that priority,” said DeSoto Police Sgt. Nick Bristow. “And when we get into one of these possible active shooters, these possible men with a gun situation around a large group of people, we're going to respond accordingly. And we're going to respond with a significant number of officers and equipment."
"You never know you always have to plan for the worst and hope for the best,” said Lancaster Police Lt. Clifford Wherely. “Luckily at this point, the best did kind of play out -- the fact that nobody was hurt."
Cinemark Theater is working with Lancaster police and are reviewing video of the robbery, looking for clues like video of the suspects' getaway car.
Investigators say one of the men spray painted one of the surveillance cameras in the office.
While there were 3 masked men, police say only one showed a hand gun.
Police also swept the grounds around the theater in case the men may have stripped off their black clothing as they left.
Peace and Morgan silver dollars are an inexpensive way to invest in American coinage history.
Provident Metals is proud to offer an outstanding selection of United States silver dollars, allowing our investors and collectors the flexibility of selecting from a variety of fine American silver coins. Some of our Morgan and Peace dollars are in brilliant, mint-state condition, some in near-mint condition, and still others in almost mint condition.
We have United States silver dollars in our collection that were issued as early as 1884 to as late as 1921, but all are produced with 90% Pure .7734 Troy Ounces of Silver. All of these coins represent a piece of American history and pride, and all were struck with great care by the United States Mint. They are all legal tender in the United States that can be used for the purchase of goods and services, but today, their value in silver bullion far outweighs their stated face values of one dollar. Morgan Dollars were minted from 1878 through 1904, and again in 1921 and replacing them, Peace Dollars were produced from 1921 through 1928, and again from 1934 through 1935. Both coins were produced at three mints including the following: Philadelphia (no mintmark), San Francisco (S), and Denver (D). Both are composed of .900 fine silver, yielding a total silver content of .77344 troy ounces per coin, and measures 38.1mm in diameter. By law, the Peace Dollar shared the same design requirements as its predecessor, the Morgan Dollar, and therefore, both feature a profile of Lady Liberty on the front of the coin and a unique eagle design on the reverse side.
Seldom has a coin inspired such public interest as the the United States Peace Dollar. Peace Dollars were produced at a time of great patriotism following World War I, and today, they are keepsakes of one of America's greatest triumphs in the pursuit of liberty. They also hold the unique distinction of being the last silver dollar struck for general circulation in the United States. Following the year's of deep and widespread sacrifice during World War I, Americans needed to honor her fallen heroes as well as celebrate her monumental victory. A groundswell began for the introduction of a new coin that would serve as a fitting memorial to the great war effort. In addition to the coin community's advocacy for a new silver dollar, the U.S. Treasury Department was required to produce millions of new silver dollars to replace all the silver coins that had been melted in order to support the great war effort. A competition was announced for the design of the new Peace Dollar. An Italian sculptor named Anothony de Francisci won the competition and immediately began work on the Peace Dollar. Francisci's inspiration for the obverse design of Lady Liberty was the profile of his beloved wife, Teresa de Francisci. With assistance from the chief engraver at the U.S. Mint, Francisco redesigned the reverse of the coin to show an eagle clutching an olive branch sitting atop a rock upon which is written a single word: Peace. The Peace Dollar was an immediate and resounding success with the public and began selling out at various locations around the country.
The design of the Morgan Silver dollar served as the inspiration for the Peace Dollar. Its origins can be traced to the largest silver strike in history, the Comstock Lode. As a result of a glut of silver due to this massive silver strike, by 1877 pressure for government intervention to stabalize the price of silver eached a fever pitch. Therefore, in 1878, Congress responded to public pressure for intervention with the Bland-Allison Act. This act required the U.S. Treasury Department to purchase large amounts of silver for the production of coins. The treasury purchased silver at the astounding rate of two to four million troy ounces per month. Hence, the first Morgan Silver Dollar was minted toward the end of 1878. The Morgan Silver Dollar takes its name from its designer, the British engraver George T. Morgan. So respected were his coin designs that he eventually became the U.S. MInt's seventh chief engraver in 1917. For the representation of Lady Liberty, Morgan was eager to depict the profile of an American woman rather than the more common Greek–style representation. Morgan's friend and artist, Thomas Eakins referred Morgan to Anna Willess, a Philidelphia school teacher, who agreed to serve as the model for Morgan's Lady Liberty. Morgan declared William's profile to be the most perfect he had ever seen, and he thereafter began his most important life's work with this engraving. On the front of the Morgan dollar, Morgan's Lady Liberty can be seen in profile with her hair cascading in curls down the back, held in place by a band engraved appropriately with the word LIBERTY. The Latin motto, E PLURIBUS UNIM (from one many) is featured prominently across the top of the coin with thirteen stars representing each of the original thirteen colonies bordering the bottom of the coin. The reverse, or back of the coins, displays a heraldic eagle holding the traditional American symbols of strength and peace. The eagle holds a clutch of arrows and an olive branch in his talons.
Because of thier fine silver content, their place in American history, and their classic artistry, both the Morgan and Peace Silver dollars are coins that will be a treasured addition to your fine silver collection! Provident Metals offers many years and issues to choose from, and our on-line ordering system will ensure both a swift and secure delivery of your historic Silver Dollars. Select as many issues as you see fit, and build an impressive collection of these outstanding U.S. coins.
Not to be outdone by Burger King's amateurish Cheeto experiments, the big kahuna himself, one Chester Cheetah, has proclaimed that a new pop-up restaurant featuring Cheeto-infused gourmet fare will be opening in New York for three days next week. Called The Spotted Cheetah—a nod to one of New York's most famous gastropubs, The Spotted Pig—its menu is being attributed to Food Network mainstay Anne Burrell, who Chester has declared “the most dangerously cheesy celebrity chef,” a title that is sure to be a massive blow to Guy Fieri's self esteem.
Advertisement
The menu, which you can find in its entirety here, is about what you'd expect: different flavor Cheetos crunched up and used to crust fried pickles and fried green tomatoes and plopped on top of baked macaroni and cheese, inside meatballs, and under nacho fixings. There are a few curveballs thrown in, particularly when it comes to the desserts where Sweetos have been turned into a cheesecake crust, sweet and salty cookies, and a crumbled topping for cheesy apple crepes.
The Spotted Cheetah is currently only scheduled to be open from August 15 to 17, and you must have a reservation to dine. Unfortunately, it seems the Cheeto bistro is already booked up for its brief life, but if you want to try your luck at getting in on this dangerously cheesy food, a wait list is available. Or you could go buy a few bags of Cheetos, smash 'em up with your hands, and use them to bread your own chicken cutlets.
Advertisement
[via Grub Street]
Take That: 'We want to play Glastonbury, but they won't reply'
However, Eavis says that isn't the case
Take That have spoken out about the rumours of them playing Glastonbury next year - saying that they want to but the Eavises 'won't return their calls'.
The returning boy-turned-man band, now back as a trio, are among the many tipped to appear at Glasto 2015 - along with AC/DC, Taylor Swift, Foo Fighters, The Libertines and Florence + The Machine.
Speaking after their performance at the BBC Music Awards, Howard Donald said: "Historically we've never done festivals – we did try and contact Michael Eavis but he didn't reply."
Bandmate Mark Owen added: "they keep leaving him messages".
NME then contacted Glasto boss Emily Eavis who dismissed the claims, saying: "I've had a few missed calls today but I'm pretty sure none of them were from Take That!"
Glastonbury 2015 takes place at Worthy Farm in Somerset from 24 - 28 June. Lionel Richie is the only act confirmed so far.
23 October 2018
Desert Love, Coastal Love
This Will Destroy You - Kitchen
Tom Eaton - gravity
Mogwai - aka 47
Falls of Rauros - Warm Quiet Centuries of Rains
Lost Cosmonauts - Maine Coast
Steve Faile - Chasing The Stars
Arms And Sleepers - When the Body
Four Tet - Two Thousand And Seventeen
Dee Yan-Key - dewdrops
RJ Miller - 3:05 AM
Grails - Empty Chamber
The Bad Plus - Film
Do Make Say Think - Shlomo's Son
Mount Kimbie - Audition
Slowdive - No Longer Making Time
There Is Danger - Sleep All Day
And So I Watch You From Afar - The Endless Shimmering
Wait - Shadows
A Film In Color - i
Through a Glass, Darkly - And My Sight Ceased to Be
HOLY FAWN - Arrows
Godspeed You! Black Emperor - Bosses Hang, Pt. I
So, what does it feel like to have a child diagnosed with cancer?
That was a question, I thought several years ago, that had an unimaginable answer. In 2003, our very active 4-year-old boy began limping, having some pain in his right leg and hip, was feverish, and acting lethargic and unwell. The pediatrician immediately suspected a bone infection, osteomyelitis, and had our son promptly admitted to our local hospital and referred to an orthopedic specialist. After 4 days in the hospital on IV antibiotics, we returned home with home health care and continued his IV antibiotics there. I literally was shaking after our return home, and commented to my husband, "how do the parents whose kids have cancer do it?" I knew a bone infection could be serious, but its treatment only lasts a month, then it was back to normal life. Or would it be?
Five months after our son's treatment for osteomyelitis, subsequent misdiagnoses, and requests for referrals to other doctors, Kevin's pain was becoming increasingly unbearable. We finally headed to Texas Children's Hospital in Houston to see a pediatric rheumatologist. At that point, the doctors believed Kevin had developed a rheumatic/rheumatoid condition. It was there where we finally learned that there was no infection, there was no rheumatic condition, but there was, in fact, a very large mass that literally engulfed and burst through Kevin's right pelvic bone. The radiologist and physician thought it could be a malignant tumor. What? Had we heard correctly? From reading about juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, we thought we'd be looking at long-term aspirin therapy. But, cancer? No, that couldn't be it. The pediatric rheumatologist was explaining to us that it was probably Ewing's Sarcoma, and that treatment usually involves some sort of amputation, but that you couldn't amputate a pelvis. What? She also was explaining that since it had been 5 ½ months, the cancer may have already spread across his abdominal wall and possibly into his lungs. What again?
The senses shut down. We were numb. Kevin had fallen asleep. David and I were lost in a fog. We had enough sense to ask the doctor whether we should stay in Houston for treatment. Would we be all right closer to home? Where should we go? What should we do?
The doctor answered those questions quite well. She said we should go back home and be with our other two children. There is a fine institution in Dallas, Children's Medical Center, affiliated with a major medical school, UT Southwestern Medical School – a necessity for childhood cancer treatment. Kevin needed to be treated by a multi-disciplinary team. The rheumatologist called Kevin's pediatrician while we were still in the office. She told the pediatrician what tests were necessary to confirm Kevin's diagnosis, and sent us on our way. She gave us her card, and sadly told us that she wished this were rheumatoid arthritis, because she'd be able to help us then. She told us to pray for an insidious infection, which was an unlikely alternate diagnosis. What again? Pray for an insidious infection?
The drive back to Dallas was another numbing experience. We needed to call the grandparents, but did not know what to tell them. It was all too much to comprehend. We couldn't comfortably talk about what lay ahead with Kevin sitting right behind us in his booster seat. We received a call from the pediatrician in Plano, who let us know that Kevin's MRI had been scheduled, then we would head straight to Children's for further testing. Our heads pounded. It was still too much to take in.
During the 24-hour period that had Kevin being sedated for an MRI, blood work, a CT scan, x-rays, and other testing, we had never met so many doctors. First, there was the orthopedic surgery group who said they wouldn't even touch this – they did not handle bone tumors. An orthopedic oncology surgeon would be best at performing the biopsy without disrupting the surrounding tissues. Next, was an infectious disease specialist. She came in and said she did not believe, at all, that this was an infection. Our hearts sank. Finally, the pediatric oncology group came in. They did think, most likely, that this was a malignant tumor. They believed that the tumor was "inoperable" and that Kevin would require a year of treatment – chemotherapy and radiation. A year of treatment, OK, then after that everything would be fine.
Sleep becomes a distant memory when you hear the words … "inoperable", "needs to be performed by an orthopedic oncology surgeon" … and these words are being uttered about your child. After the biopsy, we were told by the surgeon that this was a high-grade malignancy, but he didn't know what kind of cancer, yet. We would have to wait about a week for the pathology report to be completed. In the meantime, we were to sign more consents, allowing an oncologist to perform a bone marrow biopsy and allowing another surgeon to place a port-a-cath, a central line through which Kevin could receive his chemotherapy, blood transfusions, etc. More fog, more confusion, many tears flowing. It was obvious to the grandparents when we emerged from the consultation room what we had been told. Phone calls needed to be made; arrangements needed to be made. How could we tell our daughters, Michelle, a 12-year-old, and Laura, an 8-year-old, that their little brother had cancer? How could we tell anybody?
We told the girls, without hesitancy, that their brother had cancer. Michelle wept, and Laura sobbed. We asked one of the senior pediatric oncologists to help us explain all of this to both of the girls. She was wonderful and reassured the girls that they did nothing to cause their brother's cancer, nor would they "catch" cancer themselves. She asked if they fought with their brother. When they finally admitted "yes", she wanted to know if they would continue to fight with him, now that he has cancer. Laura responded with "Oh, no." Then the doctor said, "Oh yes, you will. You should continue to treat Kevin as you always have – after all, you don't want your little brother becoming a spoiled brat, do you?!" They laughed, we were relieved, and I will never forget that conversation.
This experience shakes you to the core. What I had always believed, what had been a rock in my life when things like jobs and relationships weren't going as well as I'd hoped, has been, "well, at least I have three healthy children." Those words no longer rang true.
After the biopsy, we accompanied our son on his stretcher down a hallway through a set of double doors, under a sign proclaiming, "The Center for Cancer and Blood Disorders." What was this surreal world we were now about to become a part of? How does this happen to a 5-year-old child? Why couldn't this have been one of us? What did we do to our little boy that made him so vulnerable? Was it something during pregnancy? Should I have taken those hormones to sustain my pregnancy with Kevin? Was Kevin exposed to something toxic or power lines or something else that caused this? WHY?
You soon learn that there are no easy answers to childhood cancer. Very strange things become routine. In that Center for Cancer and Blood Disorders, we saw bald children, constantly tethered to IV poles. Some looked radiant and happy, while others looked ill and miserable. Our son would become one of these children.
People have asked, "how do you stay so strong?" I don't. I do what I have to do each day to help our family get through this crisis. I could have curled up in a ball, lying in a corner, but how would that help Kevin? How would that help our girls? So, we went on, many times on automatic pilot, with adrenalin being the force that got us through.
After the type of cancer was confirmed, Ewing's Sarcoma, we met with the oncologist who specializes in bone tumors. He explained the course of treatment, the five chemotherapy drugs that would enter our son's system over a year's time. He would be admitted to the hospital for each round of chemotherapy. Also, quite often, he would be admitted in between rounds of chemo because of fever and low white blood cell counts and would require intravenous antibiotics to control potentially life-threatening infections. The "local control" treatment decision would have to be made – surgery or radiation – and neither were good options in Kevin's case. We were told of certain disability. We learned the potential side effects of the chemotherapy and the odds of Kevin becoming a victim to each one. Surely, Kevin won't have any of those side effects. What were we going to have to do to our child to give him a chance of surviving this cancer? What else could we do?
The year of treatment had its many ups and downs. It is truly a nasty roller coaster ride for which we never bought a ticket. The doctors, nurses and staff were wonderful throughout. I have no idea how they do what they do, but they are expert at explaining things, extremely compassionate, and very concerned about these children. I am still in awe of them – doing what they do, and somehow managing smiles on their faces, while children still lose their battles.
Guilt becomes a constant feeling. I'm spending so much time with Kevin, but so little time with the Michelle and Laura. My husband and I rarely see each other – one is at the hospital with Kevin and the other at home with our daughters. It has to be that way. There has to be some sense of normalcy and routine for the girls. They must go to school and continue with their activities, even though "normal life" has virtually halted for their younger sibling.
Some of all of this is a blessing. Hugs are so much sweeter, time with the children is so much more precious, and simple things become triumphs. Our son had major pelvic surgery in January, 2004, to remove the diseased bone, tumor, and surrounding tissue. He was to be non-weight bearing on his right leg for a period of 6 months, still going through chemotherapy. Walking once again was a HUGE triumph. The physical therapist was working with Kevin in the hallways of the oncology clinic. Staff members happily watched, and a few had tears in their eyes. At one point, it had been believed that Kevin may never walk again, but here he was — using crutches, tethered to his IV pole, and walking! It was glorious!
We also learned of the kindness and generosity of others. People, both familiar and unfamiliar to us, helped our family in innumerable ways. We had meals delivered to our home, our house was cleaned once a week, laundry was done, the dog was walked, and the lawn was mowed. Our girls were being cared for, on many occasions, by good friends and neighbors. We had others raising money for us to help with our ever-increasing medical expenses. We were honored and humbled by everyone's kindness. That was a beautiful blessing pushing past all the misery.
So, how does it feel? The emotions are raw and ever-changing. A milestone is passed and another hurdle lies ahead. Will we ever be comfortable again? Will we ever truly believe our son is cured?
Kevin has been cancer-free since his treatment ended in September, 2004. He has, however, been diagnosed with several of those "side effects" we thought would never happen to our son. Most are rare, some were not even mentioned at first, but all are a reality now. Kevin has many orthopedic challenges that lie ahead. His right pelvic bone is not growing, so there will be more surgery in his future. Kevin has intermittent pain, walks/runs with a limp, and has a hard time keeping up with his peers in simple activities, such as a game of tag. He has experienced partial, permanent hearing loss, and wears a hearing aid at school. Just weeks after Kevin's cancer treatment was completed, he was diagnosed with cardiomyopathy ("heart muscle disease") brought on by one of the chemotherapy drugs. He is followed by a cardiologist, takes heart medication, and may require a heart transplant at some point. The hurdles keep presenting themselves, but Kevin crosses them and goes on. He keeps us going. Thank God for that.
We are grateful, so grateful that our son is still with us. We are thankful for all the blessings bestowed upon us. We are hopeful that we will never hear the word "relapse." We are hopeful, too, that a cure will be found for childhood cancer … a real cure, with no strings attached, no potential long-term side effects, and nothing to worry about in the future.
V3N1 ESUN Copyright © 2006 Liddy Shriver Sarcoma Initiative.
This Deer Ass Bottle Opener is the magic trick to impress the ladies and make girls instantly want you. Let me explain, have you ever wondered how to pick up girls? Have you tried to fumble your way through small talk only to wind up alone night after night? Well are you sick and tired of watching your friends hook-up at parties or pull numbers every time you go out for a round of drinks? If I was in your position I'd kill myself, but I'm not, because I'm alpha. This Deer Ass was handcrafted by God himself to make you alpha and impress the ladies in your life!
I know what you are thinking, “how can this deer ass possibly impress the ladies?” Well first of all, girls love ass. Second of all this fine piece of deer ass is also a bottle opener. So throw a party, and ask a girl if she wants a drink. Take her over to your deer ass bottle opener and show her how it works. She will thank you for the drink, and comment on your ass. This is your moment to strike my friend! You should have a pre-planned witty remark for when a girl comments on your ass. Something like “Well if you think this ass is impressive…” and I'm sure you can finish off with something brilliant!
This Deer Ass Bottle Opener won't just impress the ladies, it will get get you laid! It's guaranteed by the manufacturer or your money back!
This gift idea is perfect for your mom. That's not an insult. Remember, this Deer Ass Bottle Opener was designed to impress the ladies and get you laid. This is also the perfect gift idea for the frat boy, the incoming college freshman, the sorority girl, the hunter, the “do you even lift bro?” guy, and of course, the nice guys that finish last.
The office is a dull and boring place, but we all have to spend a lot of time there. And, if you are not working for a music startup or some other cool job it's usually not a good look to bring your synth to work or put a 909 on your table. There's always a way though—check out our collection of browser-based music creation tools to stay clocked on that 4/4 at your nine-to-five. We'll start by creating a drum pattern:
Roland TR-909
This easy-to-use digital version was coded in HTML5 for maximum compatibility. Check it out here.
Roland 808
Vincent Riemer emulated this legendary drum machine on the web. While we admit the browser version's sound isn't as good as on an actual 808, it still packs an impressive punch in its kicks, claps and cowbells. Click here to make some drum patterns right now.
Modular Synthesis
A modular synth on the web? Say no more! Click here to start patching.
Chrome Music Lab
Google's very own Music Lab encourages easy music-making directly in your browser. The Lab features interactive instruments, a vocal recorder and more experimental music creation software. Start your musical journey here.
Novation Launchpad
There is even a browser version of the popular Novation Launchpad: you can find it on Novation's website.
Sampulator
The Sampulator is a browser based sampleboard. It makes for a great starting point if you want to make some “dank beats.” Click here for the full experience.
Otamata
This is a generative sequencer/game that creates wonderfully twisted tracks. Just click in some random patterns and see how they develop here.
Typedrummer
The Typedrummer takes a different approach. It turns words and letters into beats. You can experiment with it here.
Sim City 5 will be using the latest game engine, developed by Maxis, called Glass Box. EA released a video walkthrough of the engine which showcases its unique features.
The new engine will alter the SimCIty formula as it powers buildings and construction sites utilizing people from the player's city.
Gameplay Lead Dan Moskowitz give fans a glimpse at the map layers, agents, and zones that makes the game flow and function. Moskowitz introduces the key features and technology behind the engine's simulation. He explaines that the graphics seen in the trailer does not represent the final graphics in the game. Everything is still a work in progress.
Fans who played the original SimCity back in 1989 along with its numerous sequels can expect to see some new aspects to the game. New features to the game include a multiplayer mode and the ability to track the flow of finite natural resources. The animations of buildings sending coal down chutes isn't just for decoration, rather, these actions are direct representations of actual resources being used. These virutal factories use the resources to construct objects and are transported by people and trucks.
Watch the video to gain a more in depth understanding of the new SimCity engine along with seeing it in action. The new strategy game is set for a 2013 release.
READ MORE:
Draw Something and Zynga $200M Deal, Plus Funniest Drawings
Mad Men 8-Bit Video Game Now Live
The Walking Dead Video Game to Debut in April
During a speech to law enforcement on July 28, President Trump said "please don't be too nice" to suspects who are arrested. (The Washington Post)
Police leaders across the country moved quickly to distance themselves from — or to outright condemn — President Trump's statements about “roughing up” people who've been arrested.
The swift public denunciations came as departments are under intense pressure to stamp out brutality and excessive force that can erode the relationship between officers and the people they police — and cost police chiefs their jobs.
Some police leaders worried that three sentences uttered by the president during a Long Island, N.Y., speech could upend nearly three decades of fence-mending since the 1991 Los Angeles Police Department beating of Rodney King ushered in an era of distrust of police.
“It's the wrong message,” Chuck Wexler, executive director of the Police Executive Research Forum, told Washington radio station WTOP while speaking of the trust-building work that departments have undertaken since King's beating. “The last thing we need is a green light from the president of the United States for officers to use unnecessary force.”
Trump made the comments at a gathering of law enforcement officers at Suffolk County Community College in New York.
“When you guys put somebody in the car and you're protecting their head, you know, the way you put their hand over?” Trump said, miming the physical motion of an officer shielding a suspect's head to keep it from bumping against the squad car.
“Like, don't hit their head, and they just killed somebody — don't hit their head,” Trump continued. “I said, you can take the hand away, okay?”
Trump's remarks came after he spoke about local towns ravaged by gang violence.
Police officers react as President Trump speaks at Suffolk County Community College on Long Island on Friday. (Jonathan Ernst/ Reuters)
Across the country, police department leaders said the president's words didn't reflect their views.
It is our sworn duty to protect people from unjustified violence and harm, no matter who disagrees.https://t.co/ouDLXH6JfY — Burlington Police (@OneNorthAvenue) July 29, 2017
The @POTUS made remarks today that endorsed and condoned police brutality. GPD rejects these remarks and continues to serve with respect. — Gainesville Police (@GainesvillePD) July 29, 2017
“The Suffolk County Police Department has strict rules and procedures relating to the handling of prisoners, and violations of those rules and procedures are treated extremely seriously,” the department said in an emailed statement. “As a department, we do not and will not tolerate ‘rough[ing]' up prisoners.”
Trump's comments also drew a rebuke from the International Association of Chiefs of Police. In a statement Friday, the group did not specifically mention Trump by name but appeared to respond to his speech by stressing the importance of treating all people, including suspects, with respect.
Mike Lopez, a Los Angeles police spokesman, told CNN that the department will “treat everyone with integrity and respect.”
“We work with partnerships in our community and continue to do that to keep our communities safe and secure from crime,” he told the news network. “With the help of our community we will continue to do this.”
Darrel Stephens, a former police chief who is now the Executive Director of the Major Cities Chiefs Association, told The Washington Post that the president's words were a step back for police departments.
“Over the past two or three years, police departments have worked very, very hard to restore the loss of confidence and trust that people, particularly in the African-American community, have in the police, based on what happened in Ferguson and the other high profile shootings,” Stephens said. “Maybe not just what the president said, but the reaction of the police officers standing behind him, I think that complicates that.
“It sort of reinforces that there's sort of a wink and a nod about these things, when that's simply not the case.”
Statements from other police leaders followed:
Portland Police Bureau officers are expected to treat everyone with dignity & respect, even when they are a suspect. https://t.co/f2bdGCIbcr — Portland Police (@PortlandPolice) July 29, 2017
To be clear, inappropriate attempt at gallows humor does not reflect values of respect & commitment to constitutional policing of profession https://t.co/lGJeLa6nm1 — Chief Art Acevedo (@ArtAcevedo) July 28, 2017
Well said, Chief. I could not have said it better so I will not try. https://t.co/7WTxBAdq7G — Fred Fletcher (@ChiefFletcher) July 28, 2017
I'm a cop. I do not agree with or condone @POTUS remarks today on police brutality. Those that applauded and cheered should be ashamed. — Ben Tobias (@GPDBenTobias) July 28, 2017
Let's go backwards@thom_hartman this is not good for our country. https://t.co/BZ9FFNSyox — Chief Clarence Cox (@Cox_Chief) July 28, 2017
As a former Police Chief I am deeply disappointed and disturbed by President Trump's statement on use of force. pic.twitter.com/wh5l33hIvu — Rep. Val Demings (@RepValDemings) July 29, 2017
It's disappointing & disheartening to hear our Commander in Chief encourage & condone violation of suspect's rights. https://t.co/Bij8eHByiX — Chief Jim Ferraris (@chiefferraris) July 29, 2017
In a statement to Patch.com, Seattle Police Chief Kathleen O'Toole said:
Seattle's police officers have embraced reform and have worked incredibly hard to build community trust. We do not intend to go backwards. It is truly unfortunate that in today's toxic environment, politicians at both ends of the spectrum have sought to inflame passions by politicizing what we do. We remain committed to our principles and reject irresponsible statements that threaten to undermine our relationship with the community.
A Boston Police Department statement obtained by CNN said the department's “priority has been and continues to be building relationships and trust with the community we serve. As a police department we are committed to helping people, not harming them.”
In New York, Police Commissioner James O'Neill told the network that to “suggest that police officers apply any standard in the use of force other than what is reasonable and necessary is irresponsible, unprofessional and sends the wrong message to law enforcement as well as the public.”
But the group Blue Lives Matter insisted that the president's remarks were a joke:
Trump didn't tell police to go out & brutalize people as the media would have you believe. It was a joke. https://t.co/yBq6PGY0pa — Blue Lives Matter (@bluelivesmtr) July 28, 2017
Jim Bueermann, who heads the nonprofit Police Foundation told CNN that the organization welcomes Trump's support for law enforcement but “we cannot support any commentary — in sincerity or jest — that undermines the trust that our communities place in us to protect and serve.”
Police departments are under increased scrutiny for violent, often fatal interactions with suspects. So far this year, 574 people have been shot and killed by police, according to The Washington Post's Fatal Force database. Last year, police shot and killed 963 people.
This year's killings included the Minneapolis Police shooting of Justine Damond, an Australian woman who called 911 to report a possible rape in the alley near her home and ended up shot dead by the responding officers.
The department's missteps — neither officer had activated his body camera, so there's no video evidence of the fatal encounter — resulted in international criticism and the ouster of Minneapolis Police Chief Janee Harteau.
She was the fourth chief in recent years to lose her job after a controversial fatal shooting.
Read more:
A body cam captured a cop's violent encounter with a teen — but a new law keeps the video secret
‘I was just reading a book': Canadian cops called on black man reading C.S. Lewis in his car
Aren't more white people than black people killed by police? Yes, but no.
For anyone that's new to camera rigs i'll give you a short introduction here. The most common systems use 15mm Diameter rods (aluminium or carbon fiber usually) that are offset by 60mm (center to center).
The idea of a camera rig is to incorporate manually operated focus systems, as well as enabling one or more two persons to operate the camera easily. For low budget film and documentary use it's common to use a shoulder rig that's lets one operator rest the camera (and audio recording, light, batteries and more) on this shoulder and arms.
When combining this with what's called a follow-focus system (A knob that you twist to smoothly change focus, instead of turning the lens built-in focus ring). Given all the tools to the camera operator enables you to do more with a smaller team (or alone).
All of this gear is usually very expensive and my goal was to create a system that could be printed for under $100, to be open source, and to work with existing parts while being strong enough to handle a DSLR-camera.
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel wants to open the city up to more immigrant children crossing the border illegally, with plans to open up shelters in the city to 1,000 minors by the end of the year.
Mr. Emanuel's office also plans to launch a “broad-based pro bono campaign,” using the city's legal resources to council young immigrants.
“The influx of unaccompanied child migrants is a growing humanitarian crisis that we can no longer ignore,” Mr. Emanuel said in a statement, the Chicago Tribune reported Saturday.
“While we have our own challenges at home, we cannot turn our backs on children that are fleeing dangerous conditions,” he said. “We will do or part to ensure that these children are given access to services and treated fairly and humanely,” the Tribune reported.
But citizens in Chicago, one of America's most violent cities, have claimed that the Obama administration is placing the plight of illegal immigrants above the needs of Chicago's citizens.
“Mr. President, we're asking for you. You're spending billions of dollars in Texas, but we've a problem here in Chicago. We will not stand by this here, and keep letting this senseless killing and shooting happen in our community,” a woman on Chicago's South Side side said during a July 14 protest, the blog Rebel Pundit reported.
SEE ALSO: Border agent laments gang members entering U.S.: ‘Why are we letting him in here?'
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Story highlights Her son, Perry, "found her with a smile on her face," her manager says
Diller's career as a stand-up comic skyrocketed in the 1960s
She was a pop culture icon for her jokes about her looks, cooking and fictional husband, "Fang"
"She was a true pioneer," her talent agent says
Comedian Phyllis Diller, known for her self-deprecating humor, died "peacefully in her sleep" at her Los Angeles home Monday morning, her manager told CNN. Diller was 95.
Her son, Perry, "found her with a smile on her face," manager Milt Suchin said.
Diller's career as a stand-up comic, which she started at age 37, skyrocketed in the 1960s, partly because of her many appearances with Bob Hope on his television specials, USO tours and three movies.
She became a pop culture icon for her disparaging jokes about her looks, her cooking and her fictitious husband "Fang." She wore a blonde fright wig, held a long cigarette holder as a prop and laughed with a loud cackle.
One line attributed to her demonstrates how Diller got laughs: "Burt Reynolds once asked me out. I was in his room."
Photos: Photos: Phyllis Diller through the years Photos: Photos: Phyllis Diller through the years Diller through the years – Phyllis Diller poses for a portrait in 1981 for her book "The Joys of Aging & How to Avoid Them." The pioneering comedian died at her home in Los Angeles on Monday, August 20. She was 95. Hide Caption 1 of 11 Photos: Photos: Phyllis Diller through the years Diller through the years – From left, actor James Stewart, Diller, Los Angeles Mayor Sam Yorty and host Johnny Carson peform on "The Tonight Show" in 1964. Hide Caption 2 of 11 Photos: Photos: Phyllis Diller through the years Diller through the years – Pictured in the 1960s, Diller started her career as a stand-up comedian at 37. Hide Caption 3 of 11 Photos: Photos: Phyllis Diller through the years Diller through the years – Bob Hope co-stars with Diller on an episode of "The Kraft Music Hall" in 1967. Her career skyrocketed in the 1960s, partly because of her many appearances with Hope on his television specials. Hide Caption 4 of 11 Photos: Photos: Phyllis Diller through the years Diller through the years – Diller pretends to comb her hair with an electric toothbrush. Known for her self-deprecating humor, she became a pop culture icon. Hide Caption 5 of 11 Photos: Photos: Phyllis Diller through the years Diller through the years – In 1968, Diller leans against her suitcases at Heathrow Airport in London. She was in the city to tape a television show and arrived at the airport with 35 suitcases. Hide Caption 6 of 11 Photos: Photos: Phyllis Diller through the years Diller through the years – Diller poses for a picture in 1979 before the start of the television show "Bonkers!" Hide Caption 7 of 11 Photos: Photos: Phyllis Diller through the years Diller through the years – In 1998, Diller attends a Playboy event in Century City, California, where Hugh Hefner was presented a Lifetime Achievement Award by the Friars Club of California. Hide Caption 8 of 11 Photos: Photos: Phyllis Diller through the years Diller through the years – Diller receives a "Lucy" in 2000 at Women in Film's 7th annual Lucy Awards for Innovation in Television in Beverly Hills, California. Hide Caption 9 of 11 Photos: Photos: Phyllis Diller through the years Diller through the years – In 2004, Diller smiles backstage before performing at a weSparkle Night Benefit in Bel Air, California. The vaudeville variety show raises funds for children's programs at the weSPARK Cancer Support Center. Diller officially retired from stand-up comedy in 2002. Hide Caption 10 of 11 Photos: Photos: Phyllis Diller through the years Diller through the years – Prince Frederic von Anhalt talks with Diller during the 25th wedding anniversary celebration for von Anhalt and Zsa Zsa Gabor in Los Angeles on August 14, 2011. Hide Caption 11 of 11
Photos: Queen of the one-liners: Late comic Phyllis Diller's funniest gags Photos: Queen of the one-liners: Late comic Phyllis Diller's funniest gags Phyllis Diller, who died this week, made an artform out of wisecracking. She was prolific, self-deprecating and slyly radical: Her jokes tended to focus on her failings as a housewife, her lack of sex appeal, and the shortcomings of an imaginary husband and overweight mother-in-law. Hide Caption 1 of 9 Photos: Queen of the one-liners: Late comic Phyllis Diller's funniest gags Phyllis Diller on housework: "The only time I ever enjoyed ironing was the day I accidentally got gin in the steam iron." Hide Caption 2 of 9 Photos: Queen of the one-liners: Late comic Phyllis Diller's funniest gags On sex: "I admit, I have a tremendous sex drive. My boyfriend lives forty miles away." Hide Caption 3 of 9 Photos: Queen of the one-liners: Late comic Phyllis Diller's funniest gags On her looks: "I was so ugly. I don't know how to tell ya: I wore a choke chain until I was 12. My own ouija board told me to go to hell. A peeping tom threw up on my window sill." Hide Caption 4 of 9 Photos: Queen of the one-liners: Late comic Phyllis Diller's funniest gags On New Yorkers: "Any time three New Yorkers get into a cab without an argument, a bank has just been robbed." Hide Caption 5 of 9 Photos: Queen of the one-liners: Late comic Phyllis Diller's funniest gags On kids: "We spend the first twelve months of our children's lives teaching them to walk and talk and the next twelve telling them to sit down and shut up." Hide Caption 6 of 9 Photos: Queen of the one-liners: Late comic Phyllis Diller's funniest gags On old age: "You know you're old if they have discontinued your blood type. Someone compliments you on your alligator shoes, and you're barefoot." Hide Caption 7 of 9 Photos: Queen of the one-liners: Late comic Phyllis Diller's funniest gags On old age: "Old age is when the liver spots show through your gloves." Hide Caption 8 of 9 Photos: Queen of the one-liners: Late comic Phyllis Diller's funniest gags On providing for your kids: "I want my children to have all the things I couldn't afford. Then I want to move in with them." Hide Caption 9 of 9
"She was a true pioneer," said talent agent Fred Wostbrock. "She was the first lady of stand-up comedy. She paved the way for everybody. She paved the way for Joan Rivers, Chelsea Handler, Roseanne Barr, Ellen Degeneres, and all the women stand-up comics. She was the first and the best."
Joan Rivers posted a tribute to Diller on Twitter.
JUST WATCHED Joan Rivers: 'I adored' Phyllis Diller Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Joan Rivers: 'I adored' Phyllis Diller 02:08
JUST WATCHED 2011: Phyllis Diller teases Anderson Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 2011: Phyllis Diller teases Anderson 04:18
"The only tragedy is that Phyllis Diller was the last from an era that insisted a woman had to look funny in order to be funny," Rivers tweeted. "If she had started today, Phyllis could have stood there in Dior and Harry Winston and become the major star that she was. I adored her!"
Roseanne Barr tweeted that Diller was "a revolutionary woman who inspired me."
"last time I saw Ms. Diller she'd a stroke & when her assistant told her she could no longer drink gin, I immediately took her out 4 martinis," Barr tweeted.
Ellen DeGeneres tweeted "We lost a comedy legend today. Phyllis Diller was the queen of the one-liners. She was a pioneer."
Whoopi Goldberg called Diller "a true original."
Francesca Hilton, a stand up comic and daughter of Zsa Zsa Gabor, said Diller was her mother's best friend.
"She had the best laugh in the world," Hilton said.
Diller was born Phyllis Ada Driver in Lima, Ohio, on July 17, 1917, the daughter of an insurance salesman.
She had six children with her first husband, Sherwood Diller, who she married in 1939. She married Warde Donovan in October 1965, a month after divorcing Diller. The second marriage lasted 10 years.
She was trained as a classical pianist, but never pursued music as a career. She worked as a copywriter for a northern California newspaper, the San Leandro News-Leader, in the early 1950s.
She took the stage at San Francisco's Purple Onion Club on March 7, 1955, for her first stand-up comedy performance. She appeared as a contestant on Groucho Marx's show "You Bet Your Life" in 1957.
Her long personal and professional friendship with Hope began when the two met at a District of Columbia, nightclub in 1959.
Diller's late-night national television debut came on "The Jack Parr Show" in 1959. Two years later, the first of her five comedy albums, "Phyllis Diller Laughs," was released.
NBC gave Diller her own variety show, "The Beautiful Phyllis Diller Show," in 1968.
Diller had a run on Broadway in 1970, starring as Dolly Levi in "Hello Dolly!"
She officially retired from stand-up comedy in 2002.
Diller's "creative passion" was painting, Beverly Hills art gallery owner David Streets said.
Her paintings were "very much a reflection of her soul, bright, funny, happy, whimsical full of color and life," Streets said.
Hello. I've never really done a proper theory post before, but I really hope I can manage to make my points clear? Because this is something I feel strongly about.
First of all, today is October 28th 2016, Homestuck had its Credits three days ago, and Hussie has been hinting at an Epilogue to come. Many people really want the Epilogue, because they feel Homestuck's ending was unsatisfying. The reasons for this, and whether I agree with them or not, are up for debate and are more complex than they seem. But one reason people have proposed is that Hussie grew tired of writing Homestuck and just whipped up an ending. That is the viewpoint I absolutely disagree with, and I believe I can (if not prove) make a convincing case against. Which means I believe I can make a convincing case for the suggestion that Hussie had this entire ending planned, including people's dissatisfaction with the ending and the reasons why they found it unsatisfying.
So then. What was the ending, again? Let's describe it from the perspective of one who didn't like the ending.
John finds his way into a rewritten world where his friends are not really the friends he knows. Roxy is dead here, indirectly killed by John's own choice (but it's okay because we know the real Roxy is still alive). The protagonists fight the Big Bad witch and inexplicably kill her with one lucky blow off-screen. A wolf thing, presented as a dire threat, has nothing to do with the actual fight and is neutralized and appeased naturally. A robotic killer is threatening but ultimately blows itself up. The audience is rewarded with, essentially, fanart of Homestuck characters being affectionate with each other. The audience is pissed off by this turn of events; after all that was built up, suddenly our favourite characters are being drawn by other people, suddenly all plot seems to have been forgotten and just strung together with contrivances. It feels like an insult to everything we've come to admire. The next Act, instead of providing more answers, we just get anime, and still not drawn by Hussie. A little while later, we hear again from the story, and we see our focal point character is despondent and mournful, deciding ultimately to take action and leaving us on a cliffhanger.
(I gave this description on Reddit, though I added the last sentence specifically for this post)
That is the ending, right? Let's go over it again.
John finds his way into a retconned timeline, where the art is predominantly a different style than Hussie's conventional (and when it is Hussie's, it is “fast and loose”).
His friends are there, but John is consciously aware that they're not literally the same people he has known all his life.
John's very act of arriving in this retconned timeline (his Choice with Typheus in A6A6I4) necessitated that the new Roxy would have to die (which is okay because there is still the old Roxy).
The new John died before we came to this timeline.
The protagonists fight the witch (Batterwitch), the wolf (Jack), and the robot (different Jack).
The witch is inexplicably killed with one lucky blow. (The audience is rewarded with “fanart” of Homestuck characters being affectionate with each other, including a wedding.)
A wolf thing, presented as a dire threat, has nothing to do with the actual fight and is neutralized and appeased naturally, non-lethally.
A robotic killer is threatening but ultimately blows itself up.
The audience is pissed off by this turn of events; after all that was built up, suddenly our favourite characters are being drawn by other people, suddenly all plot seems to have been forgotten and just strung together with contrivances.
The next Act, instead of providing more answers, we just get anime, and still not drawn by Hussie.
A little while later, we hear again from the story (Credits), and we see our focal point character (John) is despondent and mournful…
…deciding ultimately to take action (fight Caliborn) and leaving us on a cliffhanger leading presumably up to the Masterpiece.
Does this… make sense? Do you see why I personally believe this whole “ending” is just another ruse, another instance of Homestuck being shaped like itself?
[ANTICONQUISTA is a Latinx collective dedicated to exposing and fighting imperialism in Latin Amerika and the Caribbean. They provide analysis of history and current events in the region from a communist, anti-imperialist, Third-Worldist and pan-Latin Amerikan perspective. We at Anti-Imperialism ask that our readers show support for these comrades and their project, as it is an incredibly important one in an era of moribund imperialism.]
By José Carlos Marulanda
Millions from the Third World are displaced from their homelands and forced to migrate to the West.
They move following the wealth that has been stolen from them and their people in the Global South. A small sector of this diaspora is already politicized when they are forced to migrate. The vast majority, however, migrate for economic reasons, looking for “opportunities” that are not available back home. Ultimately, both sectors of the diaspora migrate for the same reason: the capitalist-imperialist system.
This essential context of forced migration, whether economic or political, is often neglected by second-generation political migrants and is rarely understood or given any significant importance by the majority of economic migrants. Evidence for this are the struggles that the diaspora focuses on when they do organize politically. In the United States, for example, what's seen as the main contradiction in the Latinx community and what almost all mobilizations are devoted to is the question of legalization and citizenship.
Granted, immigration status takes a primary role in the struggle for the diaspora everywhere in the West for sound and practical reasons. What's worrisome is that it's generally treated as the cause of the community's problems, rather than an effect. The ultimate objective becomes one of integration into the very societies that were responsible for displacing people from their homelands in the first place.
This integration is not uncritical. It occasionally challenges social injustices like racial profiling, police brutality, gender and sexual violence and immigration crackdowns, among others. However, the diaspora seems to find it increasingly difficult to put a finger on the foundation, the essence of these symptoms. It cannot find the pulse of the capitalist-imperialist heart that pumps out oppressive clots into communities, at home and wherever they are forced into exile.
Identity and respectability politics couched in Western liberal activism not only fail to go to the root of problems faced by the diaspora. They also stunt its revolutionary potential. Liberal activism, which is becoming a mainstream trend among the diaspora in the West and the Westernized world, gives priority to effects rather than causes, individuals rather than the collective.
Communism is the most radical answer to capitalism and its Western liberal values. Just as Mao Zedong adapted Marxism-Leninism to the special conditions of China, the Latinx diaspora in the West needs to apply this science to its own special conditions. These conditions are tied to the socioeconomic and political system dominating our Latin American homeland.
Fortunately, we have a theoretical layout in Jose Carlos Mariátegui who, like Mao, applied Marxism-Leninism to the conditions of his region. The early-20th-century Peruvian writer and political activist, considered the father of socialism and communism in Latin America, was able to dissect racial and class relations that existed in the region, many of which are still relevant today.
By putting the question of race at the center of his anti-capitalist analysis, Mariátegui Latin Americanized Marxism. This adaptation helps to dissolve liberal identity politics, which places racial injustices above class war, and the Eurocentric focus on class war without acknowledging the racial hierarchy of global capitalism. The Latin American diaspora, from this material conception of their history, can more accurately understand the conditions which forced them to migrate in the first place, as well as the multiple aggressions and microaggressions they face once in exile.
Communism is portrayed by some Indigenous nationalists and liberal activists in the diaspora as Eurocentric. It is seen as irreconcilable with the struggle to liberate the Latinx diaspora and homeland. The racism and Eurocentrism so entrenched in communist parties in the West only help to cement this inaccurate position.
The imperialist privileges extended to the working class of the First World through state welfare and other socioeconomic securities also places a material barrier, making leftist movements there narrow in their demands. Demands that are often counter-revolutionary and reformist. The Latinx diaspora, which is part of the bottom layer of the hierarchy in Western capitalist society, can have revolutionary potential if trendy liberalism is replaced with revolutionary anti-imperialist communism.
The Amauta (the term for “teacher” in the Indigenous Quechua language), as Mariátegui is known, was clear when he said that “we do not wish for Socialism in (Latin) America to be a tracing or a copy,” but that “we must, with our own reality, in our own language, bring Indoamerican socialism to life.”
In this spirit, those of us who form part of the diaspora can contribute to creating a revolutionary path that takes our own historical circumstances into account. This is the path of combating global capitalism, the engine that drives all injustices, and standing in solidarity with the most oppressed in this vile world system.
UPDATE: After I broke the news, Jon Stewart told the media his feelings about going from television to movies. “I am a television person who is accustomed to having a thought at 10 AM and having it out there at 6:30 PM and moving on, so this is a little scary, yes.” He added: “One of the reasons we are in this business is to challenge ourselves.”
11 AM EXCLUSIVE: Jon Stewart will take a 12-week summer hiatus from hosting Comedy Central‘s The Daily Show to make his feature directing debut. In his absence, Daily Show regular John Oliver will be guest host for eight weeks of fresh shows. Stewart has written the script for and will direct Rosewater, an adaptation of the book Then They Came For Me: A Family's Story Of Love, Captivity And Survival. Published in 2011 by Random House, the book is Maziar Bahari's harrowing ordeal of leaving London in June 2009 to cover Iran's presidential elections. With a pregnant fiance left behind, the BBC journalist expected to be away for a week. Instead, he spent the next 118 days in Iran's most notorious prison being brutally interrogated by a man he knew only by one thing: he smelled of Rosewater. Bahari wrote the book with Aimee Molloy. Scott Rudin will produce with Stewart and Gigi Pritzker. Pritzker's OddLot Entertainment is financing the film.
While Stewart is known for his humor, taking on a geopolitical hot button issue film like this is in keeping with how he has made his show an important part of the conversation on political matters. He quietly optioned the book through his Busboy Productions banner, and had a personal stake in the story: After Bahari was accused of spying, one of the items used against him was an appearance he made on The Daily Show. I can't remember when a well established daily talk show host has taken a hiatus like this to pursue a passion project.
Stewart has acted in numerous films over the years, and hosted the Oscars in 2008; Rosewater marks his first time writing and directing a feature.
Rich Klubeck of UTA sold the entire package to OddLot. ICM's Ron Bernstein sold the book to Stewart quietly a year ago. James Dixon manages Stewart.
Last month the British people went to the polls and gave the Labour party a hammering. Some expected defeat, but few expected a Tory majority, not even the Tories themselves according to senior cabinet ministers I've spoken to.
The reasons are many and varied and, in the immediate wake of our defeat, people have naturally made arguments that suit their particular political perspectives. But whether you thought our offer was insufficiently “radical” (whatever radical means) or you thought it was insufficiently anchored in the centre ground, most agree that our perceived lack of competence severely compromised our ability to gain the support needed.
As Prof John Curtice, the psephologist who came closest to predicting the result, said last week at a gathering brought together by Kent University to explore how Labour might win again, that it was concern about our ability to provide competent government – aside from any considerations of ideological positioning – that did most to deny us office. This was particularly so among older voters, who vote in greater numbers, and among whom support for Labour since 2010 dropped by eight points according to Ipsos Mori. And, even if voters did not believe the economy had improved under the Tories, too few believed it would get any better under Labour.
As painful as it is, the claim that Labour spent too much and “maxed out the credit card” clearly stuck. However ridiculous it is to compare managing household finances to government finances, we do not need the pollsters to tell us this: we all heard these claims parroted back at us on the doorstep. So, to have any hope of addressing the competence issue, we must strategically address these claims on our fiscal competence, while presenting a credible and clear alternative for the future. This is a prerequisite to getting a hearing on what the future needs of our economy are. It involves conceding where we went wrong and defending our record in an appropriate way.
We should start by acknowledging that we should not have been running a small but historically unremarkable deficit
Some economists reject this approach as it would, in their view, necessarily entail simply capitulating at the feet of George Osborne. In their view all we need to do is – in ever more strident and louder terms – shout back at the electorate that it was not profligacy on the part of the last Labour government that caused the crash, but a banking crisis. And, in respect of borrowing, far from acknowledging that we understand the need to reduce national debt, we need to enthusiastically go about making complex arguments for different types of borrowing. Do this and the public will see the light.
Well, the harsh political reality is that the electorate rejected this. Screaming “you're wrong” at the electorate is not a good strategy for a party seeking to win back its trust. Nor does it mean saying that the Tories were or are right, which I am not aware any Labour leadership candidate is doing. That would make us look foolish. But at the very least, we must start by meeting the voters where they are, not where we would like them to be. That is the first step on a journey to taking the national economic debate in a more progressive direction, much more focused on the real economy. There is no short cut, no easy political route out of our current predicament.
So, yes, we should start by acknowledging that, in hindsight, after 15 years of economic expansion, we should not have been running a small but historically unremarkable deficit going into the 2008/9 crash. All of the candidates – save for Jeremy Corbyn – in our leadership contest have rightly done this. To do so is not to indulge in Osborne's deficit fetishism, nor is it to agree with the subsequent 2010 deficit reduction plan which he set himself and then failed to meet. In the end, the path he was forced to follow was more akin to that set out by his predecessor, Alistair Darling.
Likewise it is not “Tory lite” to argue that, in the long term, it would be better not to continue with a situation where we spend more every year paying debt interest to City speculators and investors who hold government debt, than we spend on housing, transport or education. Does this mean there is never a case for running a deficit? No, of course not.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Mervyn King, Gordon Brown and Alistair Darling. Photograph: Pool/Reuters
But to set our face against the very notion of ever running a surplus would not be sensible for a party trying to illustrate that it – like the electorate – thinks national debt (forecast to be 80.2% of GDP this year) must be brought down. To be clear, aiming to reduce the national debt in the long term and running small surpluses when the economy is operating close to full capacity is what I mean when I talk about seeking to “balance the books” – a sensible approach.
Osborne wants to legislate to make surpluses a legal requirement in “normal times” but has failed to define what that means. He previously described an attempt in 2010 to enshrine such strictures into law as “vacuous and irrelevant”. He will be challenged to explain this.
In the end, the key difference, between Labour and the Tories, aside from the pace of debt and deficit reduction, is this: for the chancellor, it is a means by which he can shrink the state; for Labour it is a means by which we can free resources to invest in people to help them succeed in an era of globalisation that has left too many behind. So the arguments doing the rounds on social media that to care about reducing debt is some Tory endeavour are both ludicrous and absurd.
Finally, it was plainly mistaken to run an economy with too few savings, too concentrated in too few sectors and regions of the UK, and too based around cheap credit – an economy with severe imbalances that had grown since the 1980s. The Tories made the same mistake (and continue to do so), but it left our economy exposed when the global financial crash came – unfortunately that crash happened on our watch.
For Labour the choice is stark: purity, or power | Martin Kettle Read more
We must be big enough to say all this not only because it is true, but because if we have the humility to make some concessions, we might get a better hearing when we turn to defending our record and arguing – as we should – that it was not profligacy on the part of the last Labour government that caused the global financial crash. We, after all, had reduced the national debt from the 42% of GDP in 1997 to 37% of GDP on the eve of the crash. Our response to the crash stopped many repossessions and saved many, many jobs.
More importantly, if we say all of this, people might be more willing to listen to the arguments we make now about the Tories' current economic record. The recovery is here but painfully slow and has the same structural weaknesses after half a decade under a Tory chancellor. We have the worst productivity in the G7 save for Japan. The household savings ratio was just 6% in 2014, has fallen every year since 2010 and is now the lowest it's been in over 40 years. The current account deficit was 5.5% of GDP in 2014 – the highest since 1948. Over the past year 70% of economic growth has come from private consumption growth. Output varies widely across the country. This is not a good record.
Tackling these imbalances goes far beyond simply managing the public finances sensibly. It requires a new kind of innovation economy in which productive businesses, the state, and citizens work together to create wealth and ensure that globalisation works for many more people in this country. And the “rollercoaster” speed of consolidation envisaged by Osborne in the first two years of this parliament will seriously hamper our ability to invest in the productive capacity of the nation. This is where we need to take the national economic debate – but first we must get permission to be heard.
Around two weeks ago Intel announced a critical privilege escalation bug that was laying around its Active Management Technology (AMT) login page for the past seven years. The exploit allows a remote attacker to take control of vulnerable devices with ease.
I've read many posts that mock the programmer who introduced it, and the (lacking) testing framework and processes to make sure such things never happen.
But, what if no one made a mistake, and the whole thing is a result of an elaborate hack?
How much can you trust software?
Have you ever checked the validity of the sources your acquire your software from?
Can you trust your own code? Have you ever checked the tooling that compiles or runs it?
In 1984, Ken Thompson, a known figure in the hacker community and one of the authors of UNIX, proposed we can't. In his remarkable paper, Reflections On Trusting Trust, Ken outlines a hack that many considers the worst hack imaginable: The Ken Thomson Hack.
This blog post is a bit long (but worth it!) and made out of three parts:
! Disclaimer: The conspiracy theory is completely made up.
Interested? Awesome. Start by reading about the AMT vulnerability. <!-- more -->
The AMT Vulnerability (CVE-2017-5689)
I won't go into too much detail, because that's not the purpose of this post.
Anyway, the login code for the AMT web interface incorrectly used the strncmp function, which allowed users to gain access when inserting an empty password at the login screen.
What does incorrect mean? lets go back to the docs:
int strncmp ( const char * str1, const char * str2, size_t num) ;
Compare characters of two strings Compares up to num characters of the C string str1 to those of the C string str2.
This function starts comparing the first character of each string. If they are equal to each other, it continues with the following pairs until the characters differ, until a terminating null-character is reached, or until num characters match in both strings, whichever happens first.
Parameter Explanation str1 C string to be compared str2 C string to be compared num Maximum number of characters to compare
The bug was fairly simple. Instead of this:
int main () {
string realpass = "secret" ;
string userpass = "user-secret" ;
int equal = strncmp (realpass.c_str(),userpass.c_str(),realpass.size());
if (equal == 0 ) {
printf ( "'%s' equals to '%s'" , realpass.c_str(), userpass.c_str());
}
return equal * equal;
}
The code was compiled like this:
int main () {
string realpass = "secret" ;
string userpass = "user-secret" ;
int equal = strncmp (realpass.c_str(), userpass.c_str(), userpass.size());
if (equal == 0 ) {
printf ( "'%s' equals to '%s'" , realpass.c_str(), userpass.c_str());
}
return equal * equal;
}
See the difference? The maximum number of characters to compare in the first snippet is realpass.size() while in the second is userpass.size() . That means that if the user inserted an empty password, strncmp will return 0, and print that non matching strings - match. That's basically the AMT vulnerability.
The following video explains what I've just said, and shows the vulnerability in action: <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/_-JIHZ5i-s0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
Anyhow, was that a programmer mistake? probably. But what if someone attacked Intel a few years ago, and using an elaborate technique, inserted a backdoor that is almost impossible to find?
The Ken Thomson Hack
Ken describes how he injected a backdoor into a compiler that allowed him to bypass the UNIX login command. Not only did his compiler know it was compiling the login command and injecting a backdoor, but it also knew when it was compiling itself and injected the backdoor generation code into the compiler it was creating.
Ken divided his paper into three parts ("stages"), and explained each stage thoroughly. I'm summarized them for you, but if you find it interesting, I recommend reading the original paper as well: Reflections On Trusting Trust.
Stage One
Write a Quine program:
A quine is a non-empty computer program which takes no input and produces a copy of its own source code as its only output. The standard terms for these programs in the computability theory and computer science literature are "self-replicating programs", "self-reproducing programs", and "self-copying programs". - Wikipedia
The following snippet shows a self-reproducing program in the C, or more precisely a program that produces a self-reproducing program.
This program can be easily written by another program. This program can contain an arbitrary amount of excess baggage that will be reproduced along with the main algorithm. In the example, even the comment is reproduced.
const char * SOURCE = "#include <stdio.h>%c%cconst char * SOURCE = %c%s%c;%c%cint main(){%c%c//Prints own source code and injects newlines(10), horizontal tabs(9) and apostrophes(34)%c%cprintf(SOURCE, 10, 10, 34, SOURCE, 34, 10, 10, 10, 9, 10, 9, 10, 9, 10, 10);%c%creturn 0;%c}%c" ;
int main () {
printf (SOURCE, 10 , 10 , 34 , SOURCE, 34 , 10 , 10 , 10 , 9 , 10 , 9 , 10 , 9 , 10 , 10 );
return 0 ;
}
Stage Two - Self learning code
Once certain code is introduced and compiled to binary, that code can be removed and the binary will know what do do with it.
For example, for a compiler to know what
means, we have to teach it. We do that first by letting the compiler know that when it sees
, render 10 instead. In the ASCII chart, decimal 10 is the character new line .
Once the code is compiled, we can replace the 10 with
in our source code, because the binary now knows what that means. We're able to remove that from the source code with no trace, unless we were to examine the binary.
Stage Three - Inserting a backdoor.
Say we have access to Windows's source code, and we inject a backdoor in the login screen to always accept a specific password. This would work, but you'll get caught pretty quickly once someone looks at your commit.
Instead, What if we put a Quine in the compiler, that replicates itself, including the backdoor?
Add code that injects the backdoor when compiling the login executable. Add replication code that ensures that every time we compile the compiler, that code will be added. Delete all traces from the source (or, better yet, replace the compiler binary)
Now all traces are gone from the source, but they exist in the binary. The backdoor remains undetectable unless someone reverses the binary!
Of course the whole thing is a lot more complex: you'll probably have to replace the build image Microsoft uses, and find a way to remove any traces of your actions.
Sounds crazy right? but in August 2009 a virus utilizing the Ken Thompson hack was seen in the wild. W32/Induc-A infected Delphi's compiler with code that helped it spread across machines. It is believed to have been propagating for at least a year before it was discovered by Sophos labs. You can read more about it on Naked Security.
The Mega Conspiracy
What if someone hacked into Intel's servers a few years ago, and updated their compiler to replace this:
strncmp (realpass.c_str(), userpass.c_str(), realpass.size())
with this:
strncmp (realpass.c_str(), userpass.c_str(), userpass.size())
Essentially adding a backdoor? What if the same attacker added code that turned off the attack when test runners were used? or when the compiler was running inside Intel's LAN?
This might sound crazy and far-fetched, but there are threat actors out there with the skill-set to pull this off. But hey, I'm not that paranoid. I do believe the vulnerability was introduced as a result of a human mistake, but what if it wasn't?
Further Reading
Yeo Kheng Meng gave a great talk about the subject at NUS Greyhats. You can watch it on YouTube, and access the talk material, including demo C programs & related papers on the talk's GitHub Repository.
Coder's worst nightmare
A real life example was posted on Quora a few years ago. It's a great read and really funny:
<span class='quora-content-embed' data-name='What-is-a-ctoders-worst-nightmare/answer/Mick-Stute'>Read <a class='quora-content-link' data-width='559' load-full-answer='False' data-key='5774ea030cd58a0b5b408545cb10a4d2' data-id='6290022' data-embed='nvhfhuc' href='https://www.quora.com/What-is-a-coders-worst-nightmare/answer/Mick-Stute' data-type='answer' data-height='250'><a href='https://www.quora.com/Mick-Stute'>Mick Stute</a>'s <a href='/What-is-a-coders-worst-nightmare#ans6290022'>answer</a> to <a href='/What-is-a-coders-worst-nightmare' ref='canonical'><span class="rendered_qtext">What is a coder's worst nightmare?</span></a></a> on <a href='https://www.nousername.main.quora.com'>Quora</a><script type="text/javascript" src="https://www.quora.com/widgets/content"></script></span>
redditors are a bit skeptic regarding its validity, but hey, who are we to judge?
<div class="reddit-embed" data-embed-media="www.redditmedia.com" data-embed-parent="false" data-embed-live="false" data-embed-uuid="f6f07c8e-eb9c-48b8-af7f-5a0f1aca5cd1" data-embed-created="2017-05-14T06:44:29.445Z"><a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/3trose/what_is_a_coders_worst_nightmare/cx8sth8/">Comment</a> from discussion <a href="https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/3trose/what_is_a_coders_worst_nightmare/">What is a coder's worst nightmare?</a>.</div><script async src="https://www.redditstatic.com/comment-embed.js"></script>
Barcelona – Research using man-made, blood-forming stem cells has shown great promise in animal experiments in suppressing HIV.
But now a grant from the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine (CIRM) has funded a clinical trial using those bio-engineered stem cells to treat HIV patients who have lymphoma, a deadly cancer that eventually kills people with AIDS.
Timothy Brown was the first patient to ever be cured of HIV after a bone marrow transplant to treat his leukemia received. He is known as the ‘Berlin patient'.
By using blood transplants from the umbilical cords of individuals with a genetic resistance to HIV, Spanish medical professionals believe they can treat the virus, having proven the procedure successful with one patient.
Now, a 37-year-old man from Barcelona, who had been infected with the HIV virus in 2009, was cured of the condition after receiving a transplant of blood.
While unfortunately the man later died from cancer just three years later, having developed lymphoma, the Spanish medical team is still hugely encouraged by what it considers to be a breakthrough in the fight against HIV and related conditions, according to the Spanish news source El Mundo.
Doctors in Barcelona initially attempted the technique using the precedent of Timothy Brown, an HIV patient who developed leukemia before receiving experimental treatment in Berlin, the Spanish news site The Local reported.
Brown was given bone marrow from a donor who carried the resistance mutation from HIV. After the cancer treatment, the HIV virus had also disappeared.
According to The Local, the CCR5 Delta 35 mutation affects a protein in white blood cells and provides an estimated one percent of the human population with high resistance to infection from HIV.
Spanish doctors attempted to treat the lymphoma of the so-called “Barcelona patient” with chemotherapy and an auto-transplant of the cells, but were unable to find him a suitable bone marrow.
“We suggested a transplant of blood from an umbilical cord but from someone who had the mutation because we knew from ‘the Berlin patient' that as well as [ending] the cancer, we could also eradicate HIV,” Rafael Duarte, the director of the Haematopoietic Transplant Programme at the Catalan Oncology Institute in Barcelona, told The Local.
Prior to the transplant, a patient's blood cells are destroyed with chemotherapy before they are replaced with new cells, incorporating the mutation which means the HIV virus can no longer attach itself to them. For the Barcelona patient, stem cells from another donor were used in order to accelerate the regeneration process.
Eleven days after the transplant, the patient in Barcelona experienced recovery. Three months later, it was found that he was clear of the HIV virus.
Despite the unfortunate death of the patient from cancer, the procedure has led to the development of an ambitious project that is backed by Spain's National Transplant Organization.
March 2015 marked the world's first clinical trials of umbilical cord transplants for HIV patients with blood cancers.
Javier Martinez, a virologist from the research foundation Irsicaixa, stressed that the process is primarily designed to assist HIV patients suffering from cancer, but “this therapy does allow us to speculate about a cure for HIV,” he added.
Despite the joy and ululation, those who think its time to celebrate may have not done their research. The process of curing HIV referred to by the doctors is called Stem Cell Transplant. Whilst it has worked on this one patient, there is a lot more information about its viability and use as a cure for all people affected with HIV / AIDS.
To begin with, getting a Stem Cell Transplant is much more dangerous than living with HIV.
To successfully complete an SCT you have to completely destroy the stem cells in your bone marrow using intense conditioning resulting in:
1. Low/No white blood cells – [no ability to fight off infection, meaning even something as small as flu could kill you]
2. Low Platelets – [heavy risk of uncontrollable bleeding- a nosebleed would most likely result in death)
3. Low hemoglobin – [you will need many, many blood transfusions]
4. Graft vs Host disease – [which can cause really poor quality of life or kill you]
5. A long time spent in hospital – [weeks to months, if not a year plus].
Stem Cell Transplants do save lives, but judging by the risks state above, they only make sense for people who have specific life threatening conditions such as acute leukemia. These conditions would imply that loss of life is almost guaranteed, and certain, leaving SCT as the last hope or only option.
From a sensible perspective, HIV is now a manageable chronic condition in most cases. This “CURE” is certainly interesting but probably not applicable for almost all HIV positive people.
HIV is a minor inconvenience in the world of modern medicine. It is easily controlled with 1 pill (ARVs) taken once a day, typically with no complications or side effects.
However, dying from a bone marrow transplant because of the risks mentioned before is, by comparison, a major inconvenience.
There is great reason to be excited however, discoveries like these are a major breakthrough and can allow medical personnel to build on them for a more constructive and less intensive cure.
Trials are already underway to gather more information. They started in March 2015.
In a new opposition ad released Monday, supporters of Virginia's Republican gubernatorial candidate Ed Gillespie are seen as Confederates who attack minority children.
The minute-long advertisement, titled “American Nightmare,” was released by Democratic group Latino Victory Fund (LVF). It shows minority children seemingly being chased by a driver in a pickup truck, decked out with a Confederate flag, a “Gillespie for governor” bumper sticker and a "Don't tread on me" license plate.
The driver makes his way toward the scared children — who shout, “Run! Run! Run!” when they see the truck.
The ad concludes with a narrator asking: “Is this what Donald Trump and Ed Gillespie mean by the ‘American Dream?'”
VIRGINIA GOVERNOR RACE: WHO ARE ED GILLESPIE AND RALPH NORTHAM?
“American Nightmare” is airing through Election Day on Nov. 7 in Richmond and Washington markets on Spanish stations, according to The Washington Post.
LVF took to Twitter throughout the day Monday to allege: “The Gillespie campaign has consistently promoted a false narrative painting Latinos as criminals and gang members.”
“Ed Gillespie has made it very clear what he thinks of Latinos, and on Election Day, our community will make it clear how we feel about him,” another tweet read.
In a statement to Fox News, campaign manager Chris Leavitt called the ad part of "a desperate smear campaign" and "an all out attack on the people of Virginia."
"Ed Gillespie has focused his campaign on the many policy differences between Ralph Northam and him, but sadly the Northam campaign and its allies have launched a desperate smear campaign against Ed in the closing days of this election," the statement read.
"The Lieutenant Governor was roundly rebuked for exploiting imagery from the tragedy of Charlottesville for political points. Now his allies have reached a new low with a disgusting, vile television ad seeking to instill fear in our children with that same imagery," the statement continued. "This is not an attack on Ed Gillespie anymore. This is an all out attack on the people of Virginia. This latest ad gives a clear indication of just what Ralph Northam and his national Democratic allies think of all of us, and it's sickening."
Northam's campaign has defended the ad. Campaign spokeswoman Ofirah Yheskel said in a statement that, "It's not shocking that communities of color are scared of what his Trump-like policy positions mean for them."
VIRGINIA GOVERNOR RACE: CANDIDATES PULL OUT POLITICAL HEAVY HITTERS AS SHOWDOWN GETS NASTY
The television spot is the latest in a political battle between Republican candidate Gillespie — a former National Republican Committee chairman who's received support from President Trump — and Democratic candidate Ralph Northam.
Trump has eagerly tweeted support for Gillespie by alleging that Northam “is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs & sanctuary cities” — a narrative Gillespie has pushed through local advertisements.
Northam's campaign has tried to link Gillespie with the white supremacists who rallied in Charlottesville, Va., in August. Northam slammed the Republican candidate for not denouncing Trump “for not calling these white supremacists out for who they are.”
Fox News' Kaitlyn Schallhorn contributed to this report.
Former Iowa State guard Bubu Palo is no longer committed to transferring to Colorado State, he told the Ames Tribune in a text message Tuesday night.
Former Iowa State guard Bubu Palo is no longer committed to transferring to Colorado State, he told the Ames Tribune in a text message Tuesday night.
Palo, who graduated from ISU this spring, announced his intention to join the Rams and coach Larry Eustachy less than a month ago. In order to play this upcoming season, Palo will need a waiver from the NCAA granting him a sixth year of eligibility.
The 2009 Ames High graduate declined to provide further details as to the reasons for his de-commitment from CSU.
Palo's story has been a long and winding one since he was charged with second-degree sexual abuse in September 2012 stemming from an incident from May of that year. He was immediately suspended by ISU, but reinstated when charges were dropped at the request of Story County prosecutors in Jan. 2013. He finished out that season, playing 17 games for the Cyclones, but was then dismissed from the program later that August upon a student judicial affairs appeals ruling by ISU president Steven Leath.
Palo appealed Leath's decision to the Iowa district court after the Iowa Board of Regents upheld the ruling and was eventually granted a stay by the court which allowed him to rejoin the team, though he did not appear in any games for ISU, which won the Big 12 tournament and made a Sweet 16 appearance in the NCAA tournament for the first time in 14 years.
A Week Editing with the New MacBook Pros and Final Cut Pro X
We have had a week to put the new MacBook Pros through their paces. What better task than to send the 13” and 15” inch to work straight out of the box on a real broadcast editing job. Were they fast? What about connectivity? How is the Touch bar in actual use? How will the integrated GPU on the 13 inch compare to a discreet GPU on the 15? Let's find out.
Over my 30 year edit career, I've seen equipment come and go, been promised that I can't function without a certain piece of hardware of software and tested many, many different workflows and more importantly, expectations.
So when I got the opportunity to try editing with the new MacBook Pros, I jumped at the chance. Yes, I am a doubting Thomas and I need to work kit myself to benchmark its speed or gauge its usability.
I'm also also guessing that the majority of people who have written the published negative reviews haven't really used the machines in anger. Yes I got to to touch the Touch Bar at the Apple Event in Cupertino, but that is hardly a real world example.
So a quick test of both the 13 and 15 inch models and some interesting conclusions and facts I've yet to read elsewhere. I'm aiming to publish a longer user review of the 15 inch model in a few weeks. (And also benchmark the new 15 against a Mac Pro.)
The 13 inch model is a 2.9 GHz Intel Dual Core i5, Integrated Intel Iris 550 GPU with 1536 MB of VRAM, 8 GB of RAM, 500 GB SSD and Four Thunderbolt 3 ports.
Retail price of this unit is approximately £1,949. I'd spend another £180 and get 16 GB of RAM with a BTO machine.
The 15 inch model is a 2.9 GHz Intel Quad Core i7, Radeon Pro 460 GPU with 4096 MB of VRAM, 16 GB of RAM and 1TB of SSD. (There is also a discreet Intel 530 GPU which the unit switches to when heavy graphics work is not needed. This saves the battery.) Price is around £3,329.
As is customary on this site, first job out of the box is to run the Blackmagic Speed Test on the 13 and 15 models.
The only problem is the fact that the new fast internal SSDs read so quickly, they both went off the scale! No problem, I had to resort to the AJA flavoured test instead.
13 inches first. Not too shabby!
15 inches gives almost identical results.
(Interesting too gave to toggle all the parameters on the left to their maximum values and let the test run a few cycles to get the top speeds)
This speed will mean everything will work more quickly. Apps open faster, saves happen faster. A couple of benchmarks here, the 15 inch SSD is quoted as being twice as fast as the previous model. Also the latest USB C SSDs from Samsung are quoted at 450 MB/s read, 450 MB/s write for comparison.
This is fast storage, enough for over 2,000 frames per second of ProRes 422 HQ HD! Or another way, an 80 angle ProRes 422 HQ HD multicam! (Who is going to be the first to try that?)
Should you be storing footage on your boot drive? With those speeds it probably doesn't matter!
The machines are thinner, there is a new keyboard with bigger, low travel keys and of course the top 13 inches and the 15 inch machine come with the new Touch Bar. The keyboard and Touch Bar are the same dimensions on both models.
Same keyboard and Touch Bar size on both models.
The force-click trackpad is super sized on the 15” model. You can move the cursor from one side of the screen to the other without having to take your finger off the pad. Important to note that the pad features advanced ‘palm rejection' to reduce false entries - especially 'handy' when you are reaching over to get at the Touch Bar.
Large trackpad on the 15 inch MacBook Pro.
Using the Touch ID to unlock the Mac becomes second nature and I've found myself trying to do the same on my previous generation model. Not only does this provide a way of purchasing using Apple Pay in Safari, it also provides unlocking of the system preferences and quick user switching. Which can lead to some arguments!
And on to that much anticipated Touch Bar. We like it, but it is a bit of a disappointment seeing how limited the use the new control surface is with FCPX. Just take a look how deep and intuitive the menus are in Photos, easy to learn as well. Very sad that you can't call a clip from the browser up in the Touch Bar and scrub though. Chris Roberts did an extensive test of the Touch Bar and FCPX right here on FCP.co.
The new larger keys take a slight bit of getting used to, but they make the keyboard on the old MacBook Pro look like a toy with chiclet keys from a Commodore PET. I can remember thinking they were an advance from the silver keys of the previous generation!
The screens are of course very high specification. 67% brighter, 67% higher contrast ratio and 25% more colours. Exactly what you need for wide colour with a cinema-inspired P3 colour space. Forget the numbers, they just look great.
The next things different (and in some places highly criticised) are the ports. On the 15 inch and top 13 inches you have four USB-C ports, two on either side. All are 40 Gbps and connect directly to the CPU, so no sharing of buses going on here. That is a LOT of fast connectivity. Just to put that into perspective, one connection on the 15 inch will run two 5120-by-2160 resolution displays. That is a LOT of pixels.
Two 40 Gbps Thunderbolt 3/ USB-C posts on either side of the 15 and some 13 inch models.
Yes they are a different connector. Want to attach USB2 to the MBP? Buy a £10 adaptor and run a hub off that. If you can afford this machine, a few accessories are not going to break the bank.
A collection of USB C dongles. Maybe buying a breakout box would be better.
It seems the whole of the TV business couldn't survive without the USB thumb drive, no problem, I needed a bigger capacity one anyway. This SanDisk 64GB drive has USB 3 and USB C connectors. Your producer can copy downloaded music onto it from their older machine and then you can unplug and plug the other side into your new MacBook Pro. No hassle and it's small too, possibly too small.
A $50 64GB San Disk with USB 3 and USB C connections on either end- Genius!
How about connecting drives? No problem there either.
A Thunderbolt 3 to 2 adaptors is multi-function. You can connect to a Thunderbolt drive, or as we did, daisy chain through the drive to a Blackmagic UltraStudio. One myth dispelled there, no need to buy another I/O product, the 1080 AV output of Final Cut Pro X worked perfectly first time after installing Blackmagic Desktop video 10.8.2.
The Thunderbolt converters (unlike the older models) are bi-directional which means you can attach a USB-C or Thunderbolt 3 drive to a machine with only Thunderbolt 2 connections. Even the older Thunderbolt to Firewire adaptor should work, should you have old drives on your shelves.
Now the bad news. Although the adaptor looks like it will take mini display port, the monitor on the other end has to be ‘Thunderbolt Aware' to function. So if you have an old monitor such as my veteran 30” - you are out of luck. Then again, as you've had many years of sterling service, maybe it's time to upgrade to a 5K LG! Apple Thunderbolt displays with mini display connectors work fine, we tested one.
Obviously the connections will only go as fast as the slowest in the chain. 10 Gbps for Thunderbolt 1 and 20 Gbps for Thunderbolt 2.
The slightly larger 15-inch MacBook pro charger on the right.
Sad also to see the demise of the MagSafe connector. I can see both sides of the argument here. If you have drives connected, you hardly want them to dismount if the cable gets tugged. Then again, I'm sure MagSafe 1&2 has saved many a laptop from flying across the floor when fido has got snagged in the power cable. You can plug the mains adaptor into any of the four ports for charging.
The 15 inch model uses a 87 Watt charger which is slightly larger than the 13 inch 61 Watt model. Also if you are thinking about the new LG 5 & 4K displays, double-check the specifications as they give different charging capabilities.
So enough of the specification, on to some real world speed tests.
The machines arrived in the midst of a busy edit time, so why not put them to work? Both models would be compared against a mid 2012 Retina MacBook Pro, 2.7 GHz intel Quad Core i7, 16 GB of RAM and NVIDIA GPU with only 1024 MB of VRAM.
Let us start off with Motion rendering. We had a 10-second 1080p project with about 7 different 3D shapes and two lines of curved 3D text. Although motion blur was set to off, quality was set to best. All machines rendered a ProRes 422 movie to the desktop. No other apps running or connections. All machines were running macOS Sierra.
15 Inch Mid 2012 3'32" 13 Inch Late 2016 3'34" 15 inch Late 2016 2'17"
Not a huge speed spread, but the current 13 inches is on par with the Motion performance of the 2012 15 inch model with discreet GPU.
On to a project rendering test with Final Cut Pro X. All the machines used the same Library and were connected to the same Thunderbolt drive where the ProRes 422 was rendered. Before each test, the render files were deleted.
The project was a one and a half minute sequence made up of multicams, chromakey, drop shadow, repositioning and Motion effects.
15 Inch Mid 2012 5'50" 13 Inch Late 2016 4'56" 15 inch Late 2016 3'05"
So a rough bit of maths and you'll see that the new 15" MacBook Pro is nearly twice as fast as the 2012 model.
The 15 inch model with the latest Blackmagic Video Desktop drivers installed and an UltraStudio Express proved to be the most stable HD broadcast output I've had. That includes multicam sequences which have had a habit of crashing on a regular basis.
Rather uneventful editing really, they both worked, both were quite snappy and just got on with the job. Not one lockup or quit either. I'd be more than happy looking at the 15 inch monitor all day if I was holed up in a hotel room.
Conclusions
Apple has had some criticism for not making more powerful machines. They are not short of money and I'm sure they have researched and tested many options before deciding on the exact specifications.
The new Kaby Lake processors are not available yet so Apple have had to go with the existing Skylake chips. Horrified? No, Microsoft are caught in exactly the same predicament and their curious Surface Studio (which was announced just days before the new MacBook Pro) features the same chips.
Which brings us on nicely to the Touch Bar verses the Touch Screen debate. I can see the Touch Bar getting more and more useful commands, hopefully one day we will be able to customise it with our own favourite FCPX keys and shortcuts.
So why didn't Apple have a touch screen? Well, they suck for non linear editing for a start. I had the 'joy' of trying out a new Surface Studio and Premiere in a Microsoft shop. Not mentioning the super-reflective screen, running your finger along the glass is actually painful. Apple's Touch Bar has an almost matte finish, it is slippery, but won't snag your finger. I had to resort to using the pen on the Surface Studio, which wasn't great either. It might look good, but I wouldn't want to work one for a long time. A shame.
One exception here, if you are a designer who uses a 'real' pencil or brush, then this machine and Photoshop would be good. Or use an iPad Pro! Also forget lying the machine down flat if you have lights in the ceiling.
So why only 16 GB of RAM in the new machines? The new MacBook Pros use fast LPDDR memory which runs up to 2133MHz. To go higher, DDR memory would have to be used which would take more power.
These are Phil Schiller's words and can found on the rather excellent Macdaddy blog, as can a great description of why Apple's batteries are the size they are. (Yes I didn't know about the FAA restrictions either.)
So Apple could have made a MacBook Pro with a touchscreen, more than 16 GB of memory and the usual USB ports etc. But they didn't. We are sure the design decisions were not taken lightly and we all know that Apple look forward, not backwards. Do we need to mention the floppy disk and iMac here?
In a year's time, nearly every peripheral will have a USB C connection. Imagine walking up to a desk, plugging one cable in and having access to a 5K monitor, Thunderbolt storage, wired internet and power to charge the machine. How could Apple not grasp this opportunity, remember, there are four ports that have this bandwidth.
With a portable computer, it is a trade-off between computing power and battery life. Yes there are powerful PC gaming laptops out there, but they also have to be plugged into the mains on a regular basis. They are also about as thick as my first Powerbook 180 from 1992.
One unexpected thought here is the surprise on how usable the 13 inch model was. Two long train journeys, an hour demo and the 13 still had half a battery left. If you are doing a lot of travelling and space is at a premium, this would be a real contender. Great for using on a plane or having in a bag on a shoot for location DIT work. - Remember you have four fast buses for moving data.
As for the 15 inch, we think Apple have pitched it about right, possibly slightly pricey but with the connectivity it offers, not only is it very flexible, it's no slouch either. The name says it all - Pro. You can do some serious work with this machine and get your money back quickly. If all you do is surf the internet and write emails, then this is not the machine you are looking for.
How long will you keep the MacBook Pro? Four years? Let us say you use it for 4 hours every weekday for that period. That equates to less than a pound an hour to run the 15 inch machine. That is hardly going to eat into your daily rate.
They both make great machines to run Final Cut Pro X on. The display can show wide colour, the GUI looks very clean and easily readable and of course on the 15, the large trackpad helps reduce double finger movement and unnecessary clicking. Remember that Apple is the only NLE developer that has the luxury of being able to optimise the software and hardware together. Or in other words, things are going to run just about as fast as they can.
We don't think you will be disappointed with either.
Peter Wiggins is a broadcast freelance editor based in the UK although his work takes him around the world. An early adopter of FCP setting up pioneering broadcasts workflows, his weapon of choice is now Final Cut Pro X.
You can find him on Twitter as @peterwiggins or as he runs the majority of this site, you can contact him here.
Tyler Wheeler
Col. Joey Broussard visited Senior Agent Tyler Wheeler at his hospital room in Shreveport Tuesday. Wheeler was shot earlier this month whle making a traffic stop in Morehouse Parish.
(LDWF)
A Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries agent shot five times while making a traffic stop earlier this month is doing remarkably well, according to the head of the agency's enforcement division.
Col. Joey Broussard visited Senior Agent Tyler Wheeler in a Shreveport hospital Tuesday, and said Wheeler has made considerable progress since the Jan. 7 shooting.
"It's awesome," Broussard said. "He was in a joking mood. I told him he had two weeks to get back to work, and he said, 'Well, you know, they hid my truck keys from me.' He's in really good spirits."
Louisiana State Police say Amethyst Baird, 31, shot Wheeler after he stopped her vehicle on U.S. Highway 165 in Morehouse Parish. Bullets struck Wheeler in the arm, upper shoulder, jaw and left temple.
"Just looking at him and not knowing he was ever shot, it's hard to believe he was," Broussard said. "The doctors are saying we're looking at a miracle. They're extremely optimistic about his recovery."
Broussard said Wheeler is getting up and walking with the aid of a walker at least once a day.
Wheeler will be moved Thursday to a rehabilitation facility in Jackson, Miss., according to Broussard.
He is being paid his full salary while undergoing treatment, Broussard said.
State Police say Jeremy Gullette, Baird's boyfriend, served as an accessory after the fact. Both were denied bond at a Jan. 12 court hearing.
**************
Todd Masson can be reached at tmasson@nola.com or 504.232.3054.
Follow @ TmassonFISH Tweet to @TmassonFISH
(Photo: Shutterstock)
Madison County, Alabama Sheriff is being sued for discrimination after members of the office allege multiple cases of sexual misconduct without consequence, one of which was caught on tape.
According to WHNT, a lawsuit claims that Marina Garcia, who's worked as an investigator for 21 years, was the subject of Sheriff Blake Dorning's retaliation after reporting the problems to supervisors. The problems began after she was transferred to work in the Sex Offender Registration Notification Act (SORNA) office in 2004, according to the suit.
Garcia ultimately set up recording equipment to catch a deputy in the Criminal Investigation Division involved in a sex act. Her attorney explained that she concluded she was forced to record the incident to prove what she was experiencing.
“Investigator Garcia felt it would be futile to complain to Sheriff Dorning and Chief Deputy Sheriff Jernigan,” said attorney Michael Weathers. “That nothing would be done and her only recourse within the sheriff's office was to video and audio record what was going on.”
The lawsuit comes after Garcia said she was punished, threatened and demoted after complaining about a culture of harassment and a relationship between a supervisor and a subordinate. The suit says that Garcia complained to supervisor Charles Berry, who is also named as a defendant in the case. He is alleged to have been having an affair with an anonymous female subordinate staffer.
“Investigator Garcia complained and reported that because of Anonymous's relationship with Cpt. (Charles) Berry, Anonymous would take over Garcia's job and tell Investigator Garcia what to do and not to do,” the lawsuit claims.
She alleged Berry's relationship with the subordinate hindered with her work and made for a hostile workplace.
The suit alleges that the anonymous woman used Garcia's desk chair as part of a prop in performing oral sex on male sheriff's staffers as well as her ruler to measure the size of their penises.
“Investigator Garcia complained that Cpt. Berry's relationship with Anonymous was based on sexual favoritism,” the lawsuit says. “Investigator Garcia complained and reported that Anonymous did what was expected of her by male supervisors in the Sheriff's Office in order to obtain favorable performance evaluations and power in the Sheriff's Office, to get favorable job assignments, and to further advance herself as far as the male dominated supervisory staff of the Sheriff's Office would allow her to advance.”
The suit also complains of a culture of racism within the department with racial slurs used for Latinos. There were also questions by officers about the immigration status of Garcia's husband.
“Investigator Garcia was told by Lt. Ron Derting to not help any Hispanics/Mexicans with car tags or anything else in any shape, form, or fashion,” the suit claims. “Lt. Derting told Investigator Garcia that Hispanics/Mexicans would blow up the Madison County, Alabama Courthouse.”
Berry is also accused of using slurs about a senior African-American employee. Another person in the department clashed over the proportion of African-American staffers.
Another allegation is that Capt Michael Salomonsky, who chairs the Criminal Investigations Division had “inappropriate posters” on his office walls. One read: “NOTICE SEXUAL HARASSMENT IN THIS AREA WILL NOT BE REPORTED, HOWEVER, IT WILL BE ‘GRADED.'”
When Garcia raised the complaints to Chief Deputy David Jernigan in January 2016 she offered him a copy of the video that depicted the sex in the office. He refused and told her she was being demoted to a patrol car or school resource officer position. He also threatened to charge her with a crime.
The suit says that she left so shaken she was told to take two days off to compose herself. She eventually accepted a school resource officer position but raised her concerns with the county human resources officials. They took the copy of the tape and said they'd give it to Jernigan.
In March 2016, Garcia's attorney informed the county about the unlawful treatment. The suit alleges she was then suspended without pay for two days in April 2016. They then put her back in her position with the Criminal Investigation Division, though at a lower level position. Her pay was also cut from January to June of that year.
When she returned to the position in the CID, her office was unusual, according to the lawsuit.
Officials “assigned Investigator Garcia to a room which only had a desk and folding chair in it,” the suit details. “The room was dirty. The room was remotely located away from her coworkers in CID. Investigator Garcia was isolated. The isolation caused Investigator Garcia severe mental and emotional anguish – all of which violated” her Constitutional rights.
Garcia's suit marks the third filed by Weathers against the sheriff's office in the last three months. Two claims, including Garcia's, come from a current employee. A September lawsuit was filed by a former sheriff's deputy.
“It takes a lot of courage for people to come forward in a situation like this,” Weathers toldWHNT. “There are others who are afraid to come forward with information and claims they have for fear of being fired or demoted or otherwise being retaliated against.”
“Others are afraid to come forward with information and claims they have for fear that their safety will be, and even lives, will be in jeopardy,” he continued. “My word, this is not just any organization, this is a law enforcement agency involved in these cases.”
LIVE OAK, Fla. - An "environmental war" is brewing in North Florida. Protesters are worried the Sabal Trail pipeline, which will run through North Florida into Central Florida, will cause an environmental disaster and contaminate the state's drinking water.
The $3 billion natural gas pipeline, which is under construction, stretches 500 miles and will connect gas lines from Alabama through Georgia to Florida. The pipeline is similar to the Dakota Access Pipeline project, which was rerouted after massive protests gained international attention.
News4Jax walked the woods along the Suwannee River in Live Oak, where protesters have set up camp in the hopes of halting further construction on the pipeline.
"We don't need it. We definitely don't need it," Josh Birmingham told News4Jax at the drill site of the underground pipeline.
Builders say it's necessary to bring clean and affordable energy to Central and South Florida, but the protesters, who call themselves "Water Watchers," have held rallies in Jacksonville, Orlando, Tampa and Miami, asking the government to shut down what they call an "environmental disaster."
"The water that I drink is being risked," said protester Josh Weber.
Thousands have joined in online as well, saying the digging is killing wildlife and ruining the environment. They believe a gas pipeline through rivers, springs and the Florida Aquifer will leak and fail, contaminating the entire state's water supply. They call it irreversible damage for the families who live here.
"This is our mother. This is our Earth. And humans on this planet, we're vessels here to protect her, not destroy her," said protester Samantha Flament.
The natural gas pipeline has been in the works for years. The companies behind it -- Spectra Energy, NextEra and Duke Energy -- say it will provide power for millions. Pipeline plans show the energy will also be used by Florida Power and Light.
Representatives tell News4Jax they have had dozens of meetings with federal, state and local authorities, and hired experts to minimize the harm.
They did interview on camera with News4Jax, but did release a statement, which says in part, "The Sabal Trail pipeline will provide an economic benefit to each county the pipeline crosses, as well as the region, by creating jobs and generating local revenue through taxes, as well as help meet the growing demand for clean-burning energy resources. " (See the full statement from Sabal Trail Transmission, LLC at the bottom of this article.)
They have also released videos -- including "What Happens During Construction?" and "Energy for Life" -- to keep the public informed.
"So why natural gas? We need economic growth we can count on. Cleaner energy to protect our health, the air and the environment. Affordable, reliable power to fuel our homes and businesses," is heard in the "Energy for Life" video from Sabal Trail Transmission, LLC. "We communicate openly and regularly with landowners so that affected communities know what to expect and understand the process and safeguards we employ."
The protesters see it differently, and their campaign is growing in numbers.
"I just want to reach out to the people so people know what is going on here," Birmingham explained.
Some of the most die-hard "Water Protectors" have put everything else on hold to protest, living in Sacred Water Camps like the one we visited in Live Oak. They've been there for five months.
"You start walking through the woods and you are face-to-face with your enemy," Flament showed News4Jax at the massive construction site.
Some demonstrators have blocked the trucks from entering job sites for the project. At least 16, including a military veteran, have been arrested, accused of trespassing and obstructing roadways.
Dr. Chris Baynard, a University of North Florida geography and geographic information systems professor and director of UNF's Center for Sustainable Business Practices, researches projects such as this one.
"These pipelines are nothing new," he told News4Jax. "There are millions of miles of pipelines running throughout this country."
Baynard says natural gas is appealing because it's cheap, plentiful and relatively clean-burning. He tells us the potential for problems is major, but other energy sources, such as solar and wind power, can't keep up with Florida's fast-growing population.
"Perhaps the main question is the route of this pipeline and where should it go and who it is going to affect?" Baynard said. "What landscapes and what environments and what populations are it going to affect? And will it be rerouted based on some of the opposition?"
Despite the opposition, construction continues. Those protesting it says they'll keep this "David vs. Goliath" battle going until the water runs dry.
"Being in places like this remind us what we are fighting for," Flament told News4Jax.
The "Water Protectors" are planning a massive civil disobedience protest -- Jan. 14 & 15 -- to stop the pipeline from crossing the Suwannee River. It'll be at the Suwannee River State Park and organizers say thousands of people could take part in it. (See the Stop Sabal Trail Facebook page and Sacred Water Camp Facebook page for more information.)
Meanwhile, the energy companies involved say the construction should be finished by June of 2017.
Full statement from Sabal Trail Transmission, LLC
"Sabal Trail respects the right of individuals to peacefully protest and express their positions in public areas. It is our obligation to safely and securely construct and operate our facilities, and we can neither tolerate nor allow trespassing. We continue to implore peaceful protestors not to place themselves or our contractors in an unsafe situation.
"The project has been developed and evaluated publicly over the past three years to ensure that environmental permitting agencies, all levels of local, state and federal government, communities and landowners' questions were addressed and impacts along the pipeline route minimized. Over this three-year period, Sabal Trail hosted more than 50 open houses and public meetings in communities along the pipeline route and underwent a well-documented, comprehensive review by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). The environmental impacts of this project have been determined by Federal Energy FERC not to be significant and each of the federal and state authorizations for the construction and operation of this project are conditioned to protect the environment.
"Sabal Trail has been dedicated to mitigating impacts to Florida's environment. In fact, Sabal Trail employed expert regional geologists and engineers who have extensively evaluated the potential impacts to wetlands associated with construction and operation of the pipeline. Sabal Trail is also well equipped to construct and operate the pipeline in karst areas. Many large infrastructure projects, such as interstate highways, railroads, and cities, are already constructed through these same karst regions and have a much greater permanent impact and footprint than a pipeline. Even in the unlikely event that a sinkhole opens beneath the pipeline, the pipeline can safely span distances exceeding 100 feet. FERC's final environmental impact statement (FEIS) also found it unlikely that Sabal Trail would impact springs or the Floridan Aquifer in the karst regions with its construction or operations.
"Sabal Trail is dedicated to the safe, reliable operation of facilities and the protection of the public, the environment and our employees. Natural gas pipelines monitor and control safety in many ways and use many different tools. Collectively, these tools make natural gas transmission pipelines one of the safest forms of energy transportation. Our safety programs are designed to prevent pipeline failures, detect anomalies, perform repairs and often exceed regulatory requirements. Once the facilities are placed in service, we will implement operations procedures designed to monitor the pipeline 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and we maintain the facilities per applicable federal and state regulations.
"The Sabal Trail pipeline will provide an economic benefit to each county the pipeline crosses, as well as the region, by creating jobs and generating local revenue through taxes, as well as help meet the growing demand for clean-burning energy resources."
Copyright 2017 by WJXT News4Jax - All rights reserved.
Diagonal Stitch
This fancy stitch has intrigued me for a while. It is a Diagonal Stitch that is easy to do with a simple combination of knit and purl. Below are the patterns for the Left and Right for both Flat Panel and Knitting in the Round. Scroll to the bottom for a step-by-step video tutorial with a lot of great extra information.
I first saw this stitch for needle knitters and it took a bit of work to translate. I do think it worked out pretty good. But to make it work well on a loom there are some Must Haves.
Pattern Notes and Supplies:
The pattern will, can take you to task. I had to test this baby 4 times to make it work. When you start you can't see it. You can get discouraged and think you're doing it wrong. I walked away from it a few times. When I came back the next day the stitches had “settled in” and I could see that it was going to work out.
To make things worst it will easily blur out if you use the wrong loom or the wrong yarn. I tested all 4 versions of the Knit stitch because even that made a difference.
But hang in there.. it is a beautiful stitch well worth the extra effort.
.
Loom: Small Gauge Loom. I used the KB Adjustable Hat Loom. This pattern DOES NOT show up well on large gauge looms like the Knifty Knitter.
Yarn: Worsted Weight. Something with Sheen helps the detail show up much better. Great example: Caron Simply Soft. I used Red Heart Soft in Teal.
Loom Hook: Any hook. I used the KB Knitting Board Hook
Stitches: Purl and Knit ( U-wrap ) Remember that until you pull on the fabric this knit stitch looks like ladders instead of the recognizable V shape. Remember the most important thing is that you “Stack” these stitches correctly.
Pattern for the Left and Right Diagonal Stitch
Pattern is FREE on the site – To Purchase a Printable PDF: Click HERE
LEFT Diagonal Stitch – in the Round
Rows 1 – 4: Knit 4, Purl 2
Rows 5 – 8: Knit 2, Purl 2, Knit 2
Rows 9 – 12: Purl 4, Knit 2
LEFT Diagonal Stitch – Flat Panel
Multiples of 6 + 2 for both edges
Row 1 and 3: Knit 4, Purl 2
Row 2 and 4: Purl 2, Knit 4
Rows 5 – 8: Knit 2, Purl 2, Knit 2
Rows 9 and 11: Purl 4, Knit 2
Rows 10 and 12: Knit 2, Purl 4
RIGHT Diagonal Stitch – In the Round
Rows 1 – 4: Purl 4, Knit 2
Rows 5 – 8: Purl 2, Knit 2, Purl 2
Rows 9 – 12: Knit 4, Purl 2
RIGHT Diagonal Stitch – Flat Panel
Multiples of 6 + 2 for both edges
Row 1 and 3: Purl 4, Knit 2
Row 2 and 4: Knit 2, Purl 4
Rows 5 – 8: Purl 2, Knit 2, Purl 2
Rows 9 and 11: Knit 4, Purl 2
Rows 10 and 12: Purl 2, Knit 4
Repeat Rows 1 – 12 until you reach the desired length
Video of the Diagonal Stitch ( Left )
.
As always I suggest you watch the whole video from beginning to the end before starting on the project. This will give you a lot more confidence that the task is doable.
If you like this video, give it a thumbs up and to subscribe. Click HERE
====================================================================
Tagged: free pattern, stitch, stitch pattern, stitches
: News 1 via NateA woman driving a Bentley crashed into a man's Ferrari as he was waiting at a red light and it turned out that the woman was not only drunk but also his wife.1. [+1,512, -12] They're so rich that they don't even need to go to an amusement park, they can just play bumper car in the streets2. [+1,184, -55] What a match made in heaven. Finding a Ferrari on the streets is rare enough but the car she used to crash into it is another rare brand Bentley ㅋ and the Ferrari owner is her husband? I highly doubt it was all coincidence... she probably caught him cheating on her or had some other issues with him so she got mad and rammed her car into his.3. [+877, -16] Korea's top 0.1%.......4. [+84, -3] I think I can read on Facebook that there was another woman riding in the man's Ferrari ㅋㅋㅋㅋ5. [+69, -29] Sounds like what happened was: 1. she couldn't get in contact with the husband, 2. she realized something was up so she got into her own car and went to go find him, 3. she knows his usual hang outs and Ferraris are a rare sight so she found him easily, 4. she found a woman sitting in his passenger's seat and just rammed it in... I wonder what happened after that? She should be more understanding if she's married to a husband that rich...- That's such backwards thinking... I'm sure the woman is from a family just as rich as his if they got married. Don't think she has to put up with everything just because he's rich.6. [+60, -1] She's 28 years old and already driving a Bentley... damn, I want to get off work7. [+53, -1] So apparently there was a woman in that husband's car at 4 am... the wife obviously was spying on him and caught him in the act. And she was drunk too so of course she's going to act in the heat of the moment. I guess they'll just get divorced...?8. [+43, -1] I saw this on Facebook. The woman really rammed his car in hard to the point where the car's engine was ruined and he pretty much has to trash it... The Ferrari even crashed into the taxi in front of him.9. [+35, -3] Sounds more like this couple had issues and she crashed into him on purpose. No way she was drunk enough to not even recognize her own husband's car.10. [+33, -2] The wife's 28 years old driving a Bentley, husband's 38 years old driving a Ferrari... why do their ages stand out more to me than their cars ㅋ
Index of Best AI/Machine Learning Resources
Arun Agrahri Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 20, 2017
Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning field is getting a lot of attention right now, and knowing where to start can be a little difficult.
I've been dabbling in this field, so I thought of curating the best resources in one place. All of these are curated based on if it's an inspiring read or a valuable resource. I hope this curated list help you get started on what you need to know about AI/Machine Learning on a technical level.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) — Learn the fundamentals of Artificial Intelligence (AI). Design intelligent agents to solve real-world problems including, search, games, machine learning, logic, and constraint satisfaction problems.
Machine Learning. Master the essentials of machine learning and algorithms to help improve learning from data without human intervention.
Learning From Data — Online Course (MOOC) — More than 4M views on Youtube and iTunes. Featured on edX. Free Course, Lecture Videos Available.
Machine Learning — Free Course with Lecture Slides and Video recordings
Department of Computer Science, 2014–2015, ml, Machine Learning.
Machine Learning — University of Washington — Master machine learning fundamentals in four hands-on courses.
Neural Networks for Machine Learning — Learn about artificial neural networks and how they're being applied to speech and object recognition, image segmentation, modeling language and human motion. Free Course.
Machine Learning — Stanford University — Free course created by Stanford University, taught by Andrew Ng.
A philosopher and technologist, Bostrom asks us to think hard about the world we're building right now, driven by thinking machines. Will our smart machines help to preserve humanity and our values — or will they have values of their own?
What happens when we teach a computer how to learn? Technologist Jeremy Howard shares some surprising new developments in the fast-moving field of deep learning.
Years of work down the drain, the convolutional neural network is a step change in image classification accuracy. Image Analyst Dr Mike Pound explains what it does.
Mike Tyka, who is both artist and computer scientist, talks about the power of neural networks. These algorithms are capable to transform computers into artists that can generate breathtaking paintings, music and even poetry.
Hugo Larochelle shares his observations of what's been made possible with the underpinnings of Deep Learning.
This is lecture 1 of course 6.S094: Deep Learning for Self-Driving Cars taught in Winter 2017.
During his talk, Professor Ng discussed how artificial intelligence (AI) is transforming industry after industry.
Machine Learning Weekly — Machine learning and deep learning blog (7.1k subscribers).
Data Science Weekly Newsletter — A free weekly newsletter featuring curated news, articles and jobs related to Data Science.
Machine Learnings — A Weekly Roundup of ML & AI News. Machine Learning and AI are having a huge impact on our lives.
Artificial Intelligence News — AI & Deep Learning Newsletter.
When trees fall… — Machine learning and artificial intelligence blog.
WildML — AI, Deep Learning, NLP Blog
Colah's blog — Neural network focussed blog.
i am trask — A machine learning craftsmanship blog by @iamtrask
Did I miss any awesome blogs/videos/resources? Let me know on Twitter or comments.
Found this post useful? Kindly tap the ❤ button below! :)
This list was originally curated on Nucleus. You can check out more awesome machine learning resources here.
Usually when I post swatches for new products I try to either take as many pics in store or buy a wide selection of colours I think will work for women of colour. NARS' Dual Intensity Blushes were unfortunately not a product I could do that with. With two shades, varying levels of intensity wet or dry, and a high price point it simply wasn't possible. So I went in with the goal of getting just one. I ended up visiting Holt Renfew at Yorkdale Mall to purchase one, which came to $58.76CAD with tax (eep), but price per ounce they're about the same as other mid-range blushes such as MAC. I didn't get the name of the artist who helped me but she was lovely, helpful and applied the blush in a very flattering way (as opposed to the stripes I often get at Sephora).
[Shade Analysis for Dark Skin]
I went in with the intention to try both Panic and Fervor but based on the artist's recommendations and playing with the blushes this is what I found.
Panic – Initially the pink seems too cool but on the skin it's fine. The red-orange is quite unusual and extremely flattering alone, or when mixed with the pink on warm skin.
Jubilation – These would be lovely highlights. But flattering highlights aren't very hard to find for darker women, and you certainly don't need to spend $52 to do it.
Fervor – I was really excited to try the deeper muted plum as I hadn't really seen anything quite like it before. Unfortunately none of the pigment showed up on my skin, just the shimmer. But I can't say how this will perform on fairer skin.
Craving – A bronze/highlight duo, the darker colour would be a waste for darker skin tones and the light, easily replaceable.
Adoration – The deeper pink may be nice on darker skin, but it is quite cool and I did not try it.
Frenzy – Now this was the one the artist was really trying to push me to try because she thought it would be gorgeous on my skin. But because I already have Taj Mahal I didn't think I should tempt myself with any other oranges, but if you don't mind that then this would be a great option to try.
[Face Application]
Applied dry on the left and wet on the right.
Now these got quite bad ‘grade' review from Temptalia. But I'm basing mine on how it works with my skin type and skin tone, rather than how it compares to the company's claim.
I think the finish is impeccable. As someone who worries about pores being emphasized by products with a lot of sheen, this did not do that. Here's a close-up to show you the difference between the wet and dry product. You can also click the photos above to zoom in and see a more detailed difference. But I don't think it emphasized my pores or made my skin look any worse than other blushes and I found the metallic sheen to be unusual and appealing.
When using the blushes wet, make sure to use a synthetic brush. The artist recommended a small dense brush to really buff it in. I used ELF's Studio blush brush. Although it seems counterintuitive using the product wet actually sheers it out. I used MAC's Fix+ to try it out and I did find that it was difficult to get a consistent finish across the cheek. But I did love the finish, it was less shimmery and more natural looking. Overall, I like the blush and the wear time (around 7 hours). I especially love the orange half of the blush which is quite unique. Whether you decide to buy it will depend on whether the few shades in the range that work for darker women of colour fit your collection.
Also on the face…
In the pictures I'm wearing Covergirl Whipped Cream Foundation 365 and NARS Lip Pencil in Rikugien (the Sephora 2015 birthday gift) which is a surprisingly flattering nude for woc.
Hope this was helpful.
xx Alyssa
Advertisements
SWAT teams were searching for an active gunman earlier after a police shooting incident in Pittsburgh.
Several streets in Canonsburg were cordoned off in the search for the gunman. SWAT officers were reportedly at the scene after one of the officers was confirmed dead. The identity of the shooter remains unknown.
TWITTER/REUTERS SHOOTING: Two cops have been shot in the incident
Mayor Dave Rhome has since confirmed the incident. It comes as millions riot across America to protest against the election of Donald Trump. Dozens of pro-Clinton supporters have been arrested with horrific pictures emerging showing American flags burned, windows smashed and bloody clashes with riot cops. Thousands of angry protesters filled the streets of New York last night as they stormed towards Trump Tower chanting "f*** Trump" and "not my president". Meanwhile, five people – three men and one woman – were shot near an anti-Trump protest in Seattle, Washington state.
Anti-Trump protests erupt in the US Trump win sparks riots across US as crowds burn American flag and chant 'Not our president' 1 / 29 Getty•REUTERS Anti Trump protests erupt across the US
Jonas Gutierrez has revealed that his testicular cancer has spread to other parts of his body.
The Newcastle winger, whose condition was discovered by doctors after he reported pain following a collision with former Arsenal defender Bacary Sagna, had an operation to remove his testicle in Oct 2013 and played four games on loan at Norwich City earlier this year. Doctors discovered the cancer had spread when he went for a scheduled check-up this summer.
The winger has been receiving intensive chemotherapy back home in Argentina and has not returned to Newcastle, who informed him last season that he will not play for them again.
“I had a strong collision with Sagna. It caused a lot of pain and well, it really hurt. I spoke to the doctor straight after the game and he told me: ‘Don't worry, it's nothing',' said Guiterrez. “After the holidays I began to feel the pain more in the testicle. The league restarted but by September/October, I noticed that the testicle started to swell up and it was inflamed.
“It felt like a pain, a discomfort. I went back to the doctor and he told me I'd need an ultrasound. He detected the tumour and told me they'd like to operate on me the next day.”
Gutierrez initially kept his health problems secret, telling only close friends and relatives, but as he nears the end of his chemotherapy treatment, the 31-year-old decided it was time to reveal the torment he has suffered.
Gutierrez was once easily recognisable because of his long black hair and he admits he tried to hide his illness when it began to fall out during his treatment, telling people he had decided to shave it all off.
However, he realised he could not keep his health scare quiet and paid tribute to the support he has received from other players, such as Gabriel Heinze, Newcastle team-mate Fabio Coloccini and Manchester City's Martin Demichelis, in a televised interview with TyC Sport.
The former Real Mallorca players has received a flood of well-wishing messages on Twitter, including one from former West Ham striker John Hartson, who has also battled against testicular cancer.
“Sending my thoughts and best wishes to Newcastle player Jonas Gutierrez who is battling Testicular Cancer.. Early diagnosis huge factor,” said Hartson.
His former Newcastle teammate Joey Barton also paid tribute to the popular Argentinian on the social networking site. “Heard the terrible news about @elgalgojonas. Wish him a speedy recovery. Great guy with a great family. My thoughts are with them all x”
Although Gutierrez had fallen out of favour under manager Alan Pardew, he was a key member of the side that won promotion from the Championship in 2010 after resisting the temptation to leave after relegation. Some Newcastle fans have criticised the club for not sending a message of support to a player who is still contracted to the club until the end of the season.
- Jonas Gutierrez reveals he is fighting testicular cancer
Fifth suspect expected to be arrested in coming days
Police say three South Florida teenagers have confessed to luring a Homestead boy to the woods, where he was repeatedly hacked with a machete and forced into a shallow grave as he lay mortally wounded.Local media outlets report that the new details were included in an arrest report for a fourth student, 18-year-old Desiray Strickland, who was detained on Wednesday and charged with taking part in the June murder of 17-year-old Jose Amaya Guardado.All of the young people, including Guardado, were students at Homestead Job Corps, a live-in school and vocational training program for at-risk students run by the U.S. Department of Labor.Miami-Dade detectives last week arrested 20-year-old Kaheem Arbelo, 18-year-old Jonathan Lucas and 19-year-old Christian Colon.A fifth suspect is expected to be arrested in the coming days.
Police say three South Florida teenagers have confessed to luring a Homestead boy to the woods, where he was repeatedly hacked with a machete and forced into a shallow grave as he lay mortally wounded.
Local media outlets report that the new details were included in an arrest report for a fourth student, 18-year-old Desiray Strickland, who was detained on Wednesday and charged with taking part in the June murder of 17-year-old Jose Amaya Guardado.
Advertisement
All of the young people, including Guardado, were students at Homestead Job Corps, a live-in school and vocational training program for at-risk students run by the U.S. Department of Labor.
Miami-Dade detectives last week arrested 20-year-old Kaheem Arbelo, 18-year-old Jonathan Lucas and 19-year-old Christian Colon.
A fifth suspect is expected to be arrested in the coming days.
AlertMe
View this email in your browser MAY 31, 2017 Set up email authentication this week so the emails don't end up in spam/junk. Hit "Reply" in case they still do. Here's Saturday's update in case you missed it. HIZBUL LEADER SLAIN, PROTESTS ERUPT
Separatist movement Hurriyat Conference Sabzar Ahmad Bhat, believed to be the successor of slain Hizbul commander Burhan Wani, was gunned down on Saturday in an overnight raid by security forces at a hideout in Tral. The incident sparked violent protests across the valley that left one civilian dead and many others injured. As protests spread to J&K capital Srinagar, the government cut mobile internet access in the area. Traffic on the Srinagar-Jammu National Highway was suspended; train services were stopped; and classes in all schools, colleges and varsities were called off.Separatist movement Hurriyat Conference called for a two-day bandh to pay tributes to Bhat and seven other militants. The organisation also called for a march to Tral on May 30, a plan which was foiled by the government by locking down all the roads in the area. CASE TOH YAHIN BANEGA A Special CBI court in Lucknow found "sufficient evidence on record" to charge senior BJP leaders LK Advani, Murli Manohar Joshi and Union Minister Uma Bharti with criminal conspiracy in the December 9, 1992 Babri Masjid demolition case. They all, however, were allowed bail on personal bonds of ₹50,000 each. The new ruling adds to their previous charges of (among more) rioting and promoting enmity between different groups. JEEP THRILLS
The move comes as a shock to Kashmiris and human rights activists who have
Farooq Dar (who was tied to the jeep) was part of minuscule population that voted in the Lok Sabha bypoll on April 9 but now Major Leetul Gogoi, the officer who tied a civilian to an army jeep to stop stone pelting, was awarded the Army Chief's Commendation medal for "sustained efforts" in counter-insurgency operations. General Bipin Rawat Rawat said that as the Army chief, it was his duty to lift the morale of the army personnel in J&K and he did so by awarding Major Gogoi. He further stated, "It is a dirty war.... That is where innovation comes in. You fight a dirty war with innovations."The move comes as a shock to Kashmiris and human rights activists who have sharply criticised Gogoi's actions. The Fourth Geneva Convention, Additional Protocol 1 and the Rome Statute that set up the International Criminal Court all prohibit human shields in armed conflicts, and consider their use a war crime . However, their legality in internal conflicts in India is being debated as we await the Court of Enquiry's ruling on this particular case.Farooq Dar (who was tied to the jeep) was part of minuscule population that voted in the Lok Sabha bypoll on April 9 but now stated , "I will never ever step out of the house on election day, that's my promise to myself. I want to ask only one thing: was I a buffalo or a bull [...] that I was tied and exhibited?" Rhetorical but interesting legal question there, maybe the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Rules prevent cattle from being used as human shields? More reads... The stolen childhoods of Kashmir in pencil and crayon
Published: Saturday, June 21, 2014 @ 6:22 PM
Updated: Saturday, June 21, 2014 @ 6:22 PM
— Dayton hockey legend Guy A. Trottier was the all-time leading scorer for the old Dayton Gems and was an assistant coach for the Dayton Bombers.
Trottier, of Englewood, died Thursday at Hospice of Dayton, losing a battle with cancer. The native of Hull, Quebec, was 73.
He never owned a hockey team here in Dayton, but Trottier is a big reason why several of them played here.
Trottier played on the very first Gems team in 1964. He spent three seasons in Dayton and also returned for the 1974 season.
His professional hockey career also included three seasons in the National Hockey League -- one with the New York Rangers and two with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
He also retired with 20 years of service from ABF Freight Systems as an operations supervisor, according to his obituary.
He is survived by his wife of 49 years, Dianne; sons Daniel and Gilles; three grandchildren; and siblings Lise Cholette-Trottier and Pierre Trottier.
Visitation is 4 to 8 p.m. Thursday at Kindred Funeral Home, 400 Union Blvd., Englewood. Funeral services are at 10 a.m. Friday at the funeral home. Interment will follow at Memorial Park Cemetery in Dayton.
The family suggests memorial contributions to Hospice of Dayton or the American Cancer Society.
This interesting mashup shows it's easy to make your own night vision goggles. It makes use of just a few parts; the viewfinder from an old camcorder, a low-light security camera module, and a collection of infrared LEDs.
The low-light camera is capable of detecting infrared light, which is invisible to our eyes. If you shine the right IR LEDs on an object, they will cast enough light for the camera to clearly view the objects around you. The camcorder viewfinder is nothing more than a compact way to display what the camera sees. This would be easy to accomplish with a wearable display. It is also beneficial to have a large IR light source so you may consider modifying that giant LED flashlight you've been meaning to build so that it operates in the infrared wavelengths.
This project comes from the same source as the Laser Microphone we looked in on last month. Just like that one, there's plenty of extra information about this build. There are suggestions for choosing and focusing a light source. This includes using lasers as the source, and binoculars for long-range viewing.
Two Leeds brothers behind the pirate download links website filmzzz.com have received suspended prison sentences for copyright infringement.
The men, Faraz Saddiq, 27, and Ayaz Saddiq, 26, also operated legalmovies.tv and presented both online outlets as legit operations. In reality, the websites merely pointed to unlicensed copyrighted material that could be streamed.
The pair were sentenced late last week to nine months in jail, suspended for two years, and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work. They had ignored warnings from West Yorkshire Police that they were committing a criminal offence under section 107(2A) of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.
The brothers were eventually prosecuted on copyright infringement and Proceeds of Crime Act charges following a probe by the Federation against Copyright Theft (FACT) and the local plod.
The sentencing comes after the jailing of Anton Vickerman, who ran the piracy links site SurfTheChannel and was convicted of conspiracy to defraud by a jury. He was sent down for four years in August.
Meanwhile this month Usenet downloads indexer NZBMatrix has pulled the plug on its service, issuing this statement on the website:
It is with our regret to announce that NZBMATRIX has closed. We have had to make this decision due to a very large takedown request from a company called Wiggin LLC. These represent the following: Federation Against Copyright Theft Limited ("FACT"), Paramount Home Entertainment International Limited; Sony Pictures Home Entertainment Limited; The Walt Disney Company Limited; Twentieth Century Fox Film Company Limited; Universal Pictures (UK) Limited; Warner Bros. Entertainment UK Limited. As everyone is aware we are DMCA/Takedown notice compliant, and always have been. Once this notice is completed we are left with an impossible task of policing our indexing bots. Even then it won't stop there, there will be follow-up notices etc. Coupled with this is problems with payment providers, we have been through pretty much everyone out there, in the end they all pull out. There are massive server/bandwidth costs to pay, with the payments in-stability this is a very hard task.
The site added that "the Usenet indexing scene is going through some changes, with content being removed from pretty much every provider its making the existence of an indexer irrelevant if the content does not even exist anymore".
Usenet was designed for text-only discussions and made its debut in 1980. It supported downloadable encoded binaries (typically split into several parts) by the end of that decade, paving the way for an early distributed network of file sharing.
Ten days ago Usenet search engine Newzbin2 shut up shop after struggling to pay its bills. ®
Image copyright Reuters
The UK has been bombing so-called Islamic State targets in Iraq since 2014 and in Syria since the year after.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) does not release statistics on the number of bombs dropped, but does release weekly updates of operations in the region.
BBC analysis shows UK forces have dropped bombs on 69 of the 99 days of 2017 to 9 April.
In that time, at least 216 bombs and missiles have been dropped by the Royal Air Force.
The total number is likely to be higher as MoD updates sometimes do not specify the number of bombs or missiles used in a strike.
Where the number was not known, the BBC presumed one bomb was dropped.
The most commonly used weapon is the Paveway IV precision guided bomb. At least 129 have been used against IS targets by the RAF this year.
Through Operation Shader, the RAF is supporting Iraqi ground forces as part of a US-led international coalition.
UK bombs and missiles dropped in Syria and Iraq From 1 January - 9 April 2017 129 Paveway IV bombs 37 Hellfire missiles 20 Brimstone missiles
30 Unspecified / other Getty Images
The current focus of the battle against IS, which the MoD calls Daesh, has been for control of Mosul. It has been held by IS militants since 2014 and is the jihadist group's last major urban stronghold in Iraq.
An MoD update from 6 April details a strike against a "Daesh motor team" in north-western Mosul, where a Brimstone missile was used to destroy the target.
The RAF flight then tracked a truck "carrying a terrorist team who had been planting booby traps" before scoring another "direct hit" on the moving vehicle.
Meanwhile in Syria, RAF Typhoons have been supporting the Syrian Democratic Forces.
The RAF in action
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The building was destroyed by a direct hit from a Paveway IV
The Ministry of Defence published footage on 18 March of RAF Tornados destroying a building in Syria.
At the time, the MoD said: "A Daesh headquarters was identified at a small building five miles east of Raqqa, this was destroyed by a direct hit from a Paveway IV released by a Tornado flight."
This strike came shortly after the US sent 400 Marines to Syria to support allied local forces in their assault on the IS stronghold of Raqqa.
Weaponry
Image caption A brimstone missile on a Royal Air Force Tornado GR4
The Paveway IV is a precision laser-guided bomb known for its accuracy and relatively low cost, with each costing £22,000
Dual-mode Brimstone missiles - which cost more than £100,000 - are 1.8m long and are rocket-propelled. They are often used against moving vehicles and multiple targets
The Hellfire is an air-to-ground missile carried by unmanned aircraft and used in precision strikes
Exact numbers of casualties from the conflict with IS are not available. The RAF says it takes all steps to minimise civilian casualties.
The UK parliament backed British participation in air strikes against IS in Iraq back in September 2014.
Just over a year later in 2015, MPs authorised air strikes against IS in Syria.
The UK has conducted more than 1,200 airstrikes in Iraq and Syria since it became involved - more than any other coalition country bar the United States.
In 2016 alone, the US dropped 12,192 bombs in Syria and 12,095 in Iraq, according to the American think tank Council on Foreign Relations.
The UK is part of the Global Coalition, a body of 68 partners from across Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Africa and the Americas which has committed to defeating IS using military action among other tactics.
It is the look in his father's eye that Javier Hernández remembers most of all. "Something was different," he now recollects of that day early last year when they met outside the gates of the Estadio Jalisco, the home of Chivas de Guadalajara, and he found out life was never going to be quite the same again.
Talking about it now, Hernández still sounds almost disbelieving. First, his father, Javier Sr, told him he had some important news. Then he pressed a business card into his son's hand, and his words were simple and to the point: "There's someone who wants to speak to you."
Hernández was suspicious at first. "I had never heard of Jim Lawlor," he explains. "I didn't know who he was." The card told him it was Manchester United's head scout, but there is no trace of ego about the young Mexican, no sense that he always felt destined for a moment like this. "I didn't believe it. In Mexico, the agents put the badges of all the big clubs on their business cards. I was thinking: 'OK, another one of them, hey?' I turned to my father and said: 'Don't joke with me.' But that was when I saw him crying. That was when I knew. That was the moment I realised it was really true, that it really was Manchester United."
His smile, flashing those perfect rows of teeth, tells you everything you need to know about his feelings at that moment. Later, Hernández tells the story of being so disillusioned with football during one spell out of the team at Chivas he almost gave it up to return to a college education. He was "fed up", he says, and it barely seems credible he is talking about the same man whose eyes were sparkling as he sat inside United's training ground this week and talked of a year that has established him as an authentic superstar in the making.
What has happened in that time, Hernández admits, has surpassed all his expectations. In fact, they will all say the same at Old Trafford, from Sir Alex Ferguson down. "The idea was he would spend his first year getting to understand United, build up his body strength, get used to England," Ferguson said recently. Hernández agrees: "My first thought was to work very hard to play a little bit, maybe 10 minutes, in every game." Paul Scholes, though, saw something different. After Hernández scored in his first pre-season match, Scholes caught Ferguson's eye and uttered two words: 25 goals. "He's a good judge, Scholesy," Ferguson now says.
Hernández has 20, but he has managed that in only 26 starts (with a further 18 appearances). He has won a championship medal, with a Champions League version possibly next. He has relegated Dimitar Berbatov, the Premier League's joint top scorer, to the edges and he has done so with a vitality and brilliance that leaves many observers believing it should be mandatory he starts against Barcelona.
In Mexico, where what was supposed to be a year's supply of "Chicharito" shirts recently sold out in two months, that is certainly the expectation. "They are showing it live on television," Hernández says. "I read the newspapers back home and they are all supporting me and looking forward to the final. They have even changed the time of an international friendly so it doesn't clash." Mexico versus Ecuador was originally due to kick off in Seattle at 9pm British time. It has now been put back two hours – purely because of the Hernández factor.
He smiles shyly about that decision and, reflecting on his impact in Manchester, his modesty can be seen again, making certain to reflect the support network at Old Trafford. "When I say I'm at the best club in the world, I mean it. It's unbelievable the support you get here, the care they take to make sure the players are comfortable and happy. It's made me feel like I've been playing here for two or three years."
Others at the club would say the credit belongs to him. It helps, for starters, that he speaks perfect English and has a personality that has made him a popular member of the dressing room. But the coaches also speak of a man who wants to improve himself, an avid learner, someone who routinely arrives for training before the other players to fit in an extra half an hour in the gym.
"In the first training session I looked at myself and realised I needed more strength. I am not the tallest or the biggest, so I knew I needed to improve on that. That first training session, it was a bit of a shock, to be honest. Then, my first game, against Chelsea at Wembley [the Community Shield], I noticed the physical side even more."
Hernández, Ferguson has noted, will often stay back after training to work alone, and it is that kind of enthusiasm and determination that can make it so difficult to imagine how someone so obviously in love with his profession could once have contemplated giving up the game.
He tells the story with a slight trace of guilt. He was out of favour, he says, with the Chivas manager, Efraín Flores, and had gone two years without scoring a goal. "I wasn't getting the minutes I wanted, the coach wasn't playing me – I don't know why – and I was frustrated. My confidence started to drop. It reached the point where I was no longer enjoying football. I went to my family and asked whether I should carry on."
The message back was firm and to the point. "They told me I had devoted a lot of time to trying to make my dream come true and not to give it up. They said to keep fighting, keep focused and the most important thing was to keep enjoying the game because people all over the world want to be football players."
Would he have quit otherwise? "Probably, yes." It was this period of his life, he adds, that prompted him to go down on his knees before every match and pray, to "say thank you [to God] for helping me through it".
United started watching him in October 2009, though it was not until the following April they concluded a £6.5m deal shrouded in an extraordinary level of secrecy. "We knew for two months but my father and I were told we couldn't tell the family, our friends or anyone else," Hernández recalls. "It was hard. We are a big family, we are all very close, and we always want to talk about what is going on with each other. But we kept to their wishes. We told nobody."
United were desperate to stop news getting out to minimise the risk of being gazumped. In the end, the deal was concluded in Manchester with Hernández's mother, Sopapilla, and his sister, Ana, also let in on the secret – but no one else. "The rest of us were told they were going to Atlanta," the player's maternal grandfather, Tomás Balcázar, the first of three generations of the family to have played for Mexico in World Cups, recalled recently. In fact, Hernández and his father were watching United take on Bayern Munich from an executive lounge at Old Trafford.
What has happened since gives Hernández legitimate credentials to be recognised not just as a contender for bargain of the season but also one of the shrewdest pieces of Ferguson's transfer business in almost a quarter of a century at Old Trafford. Hernández sums it up as "hard to believe, especially when I was with my family when I got my medal and the Premier League trophy last Sunday".
As for whether the season can reach an even more exhilarating high against Barcelona, Hernández nods enthusiastically. "Why not? We know we are playing against 11 men, 11 very good men, but we are also a good team, of course."
He is waiting to discover whether Ferguson will play him alongside Wayne Rooney, as happened with such devastating effect in the first leg of the semi-final against Schalke. "Whatever happens," Hernández says, "it has still been a year I could never imagine."
Subscribe to The Breach in Apple Podcasts, Google Play, Stitcher, or Soundcloud.
In the newest episode of The Breach, author and professor Jared Yates Sexton joins host Lindsay Beyerstein to dissect the way President Donald Trump's brand of cognitive dissonance and unreality is empowering right-wing extremism across the United States, and how he harnessed those dark cultural and political forces to take the White House.
An edited excerpt:
Lindsay: The big party game right now in political circles seems to be saying, “Is it economic anxiety, or is it racism, or is it a false dichotomy?” What do you think?
Jared: It's both. I think the biggest problem is when people say that it's “economic anxiety.” I think that what they're doing is they're undermining the fact that that turns into something. Economic anxiety doesn't just stay where it's at. We definitely have, in our system, racism. We've had racism there for as long as we've had an America. So, for instance, when my family, who is racist a lot of the time and has been for years, when they are feeling the squeeze, their racist tendencies intermingle with that “anxiety.” And it makes it worse, especially when there's somebody like a Donald Trump or the Republican Party, to be honest, tells them that the problem is with a different group of people. “These people are taking your money. They're taking your opportunities. They're the ones who are making your life hard.” When those two things come together, I think, is when you have this volatile cocktail that we're seeing right now.
Lindsay: What are some of the ways that Trump stoked white supremacism and extremism amongst his followers and legitimized that kind of stuff?
Jared: I've had a lot of people in interviews ask me if Donald Trump is racist himself, and I believe he is, but he is also racist in the way that a lot of my relatives are racist, which are they do not believe themselves to be a racist. They say a lot of things which are, “I'm not racist, but …” or, “This is gonna sound racist, but I don't mean it that way.” I think Donald Trump basically spoke this language that said racist things without saying that they were racist, which I think gave an excuse to a lot of people. It gave voice to a lot of people who simply believe that's the way that the world works, right? You get rid of political correctness and, instead, you're talking about the world as it actually works. I think that that happened, but then you also had, when Steve Bannon came onto his campaign, I think that the message of campaign was actually synthesized and boiled down to specifically reach out to white nationalists. We had language about white nationalism, about economic nationalism. He started to do that, and on top of it, he started to retweet them. His social media director started looking for pieces from white supremacists, and so we actually had a pretty sophisticated outreach population that got these people invigorated and gave them power and strength. I think that, in a lot of ways, that wasn't on accident.
The AWS IoT Button is a programmable button based on the Amazon Dash Button hardware. This simple Wi-Fi device is easy to configure and designed for developers to get started with AWS IoT Core, AWS Lambda, Amazon DynamoDB, Amazon SNS, and many other Amazon Web Services without writing device-specific code.
You can code the button's logic in the cloud to configure button clicks to count or track items, call or alert someone, start or stop something, order services, or even provide feedback. For example, you can click the button to unlock or start a car, open your garage door, call a cab, call your spouse or a customer service representative, track the use of common household chores, medications or products, or remotely control your home appliances.
The button can be used as a remote control for Netflix, a switch for your Philips Hue light bulb, a check-in/check-out device for Airbnb guests, or a way to order your favorite pizza for delivery. You can integrate it with third-party APIs like Twitter, Facebook, Twilio, Slack or even your own company's applications. Connect it to things we haven't even thought of yet. We can't wait to see what you will build with the AWS IoT Button!
If you would like to use simple devices that connect to AWS IoT Core out of the box, use the AWS IoT 1-Click service.
Early treatment for HIV is more successful than later treatment. But that's not the only reason to praise the recommendation of the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force that doctors should test almost everyone ages 15 to 64 for the virus that causes AIDS.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports that 1.2 million people in the United States are infected with HIV but that close to 1 in 5 don't know it. Even before there was any effective treatment for HIV, large-scale testing as a preventive measure could have kept a tremendous amount of suffering and death at bay. It should have begun years ago. Decades ago.
Fear and prudishness got in the way. During the early years of AIDS, there was widespread ignorance about how easily the infection might be transmitted. A backlash against the groups most commonly associated with the disease — gay males, intravenous drug users and people with multiple sex partners — included attempts to discriminate against them, so that even gay rights groups sometimes fought against testing programs. Ryan White, a middle school student who was infected through a blood transfusion, had to fight in court for the right to attend school. Blood banks put off routine testing, concerned about possible blood shortages. In 1989, the topic of whether to offer screening to all pregnant women was highly controversial. Some pediatric AIDS specialists pointed out that with early information, they might be able to avoid transmission of the virus to the fetus. Others contended that there was too much risk of social isolation for women who tested positive.
The team was founded in August 2012 under the name “Tryhard Kitten inc.” by two Estonian players, Bellanova and Kiiiisu. On a female League of Legends discussion group they found their AD Carry, Llinkis, who brought her friend Felina, “the best AP Carry EU”, with her. After finding the last missing member they attended to ESL Female cups, breaking through the games straight to the first place twice in a row. Due to personal issues their jungler had to leave and this is when the team received a message from Shanysse and since the very beginning she fit the team very well.
Together they grabbed the 1st place again in the ESL Female Cup and started some serious trainings in the 5v5 ranked ladder, which brought attention of DragonBorns.net team.
While playing under the DB tag girls want to prove themselves as capable of competing with professional players. Constant training and attending to some small online tournaments results in the team becoming harder, better, faster, stronger and hopefully they will show everyone what they are made of.
A Mexican man has been jailed for 100 years for drowning his 3-year-old stepdaughter, MailOnline reports.
The man, identified as Jose David N., was caught on surveillance footage repeatedly throwing the young girl into a hotel pool in the city of Morelia, located in the state of Michoacan.
The video is extremely graphic and disturbing, and some viewers might find it distressing.
This horrifying incident occurred in August 2015.
Each time he threw her in, the man just stood at the side of the pool and callously watched as she flailed her arms and fought to stay above water.
The mother of the young girl was asleep in the hotel room as her husband murdered the child who reportedly couldn't swim. She apparently made one more trip to the pool with her husband before returning to the room and finding her daughter's lifeless body inside.
They took the girl to the hospital, but it was too late, and she died shortly thereafter.
The mother, who is a nurse, said she didn't know her husband was mistreating her daughter until she saw the shocking poolside footage from that day.
In the surveillance footage, which is highly disturbing, the man throws the girl into the pool several times.
Daily Mail
At one point, he held the little girl underwater. While it's blurry, this was also captured on video.
Daily Mail
The man is also seen throwing the little girl a lifebuoy as she struggles to stay afloat. But it's clearly too far away for the girl to reach and not a genuine attempt to help her.
Daily Mail
Ultimately, the man was found guilty of aggravated murder.
While prosecutors recommended a prison sentence of up to 40 years, a judge gave him a more severe punishment after reviewing the deeply unsettling surveillance footage. He has no chance of parole.
Citations: MailOnline
For the past couple of months, Google Play Music has been testing an Autoplay feature that lets the app resume playback when you launch it. The option, which isn't showing up for any of us here at Android Police, seems to be a server-side test and a fickle one at that. Many users have reported it was there about a month ago and then disappeared, or it keeps showing up and vanishing. And for some locales, it displays as "Auto-play," while for others it's "Autoplay."
When turned on in the settings, Autoplay will trigger Play Music to check whatever song and playlist were last playing when you left the app, and resume that. A window will then display at the bottom of the screen with the song, a "Continuing..." notice, and a direct link to change the option in settings. You can choose something else to play then, but this helps those who instantly want to blast tunes when they tap the Play Music icon.
It's worth noting that, as Artem has discovered, this option has nothing to do with Play Music starting playback whenever you connect to your car's Bluetooth. That feature seems to stem from certain cars' Bluetooth system that sends a play command upon connection, which would result in Play Music starting playback sometimes, regardless of which music and audio apps you have installed on your phone.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Watch Dogs' main story will take you about 35-40 hours to complete, the game's creative director Jonathan Morin said on Twitter.
“I would say the average player which does free roam a bit tend to reach the end within 35-40h. But doing everything is close 100h,” he said. “And these don't really consider online stuff in the mix…”
Morin previously revealed that Watch Dogs will feature an 8-player free roam online mode. The game also includes a head-to-head multiplayer mode, where players will hunt down other human players and use their hacking skills to affect the world to their benefit.
Watch Dogs launches May 27 for Xbox 360, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, and PC. The Wii U version will come sometime later.
For more on Watch Dogs, be sure to check out GameSpot editor Shaun McInnis' recent extensive hands-on preview of the game from his recent trip to Ubisoft Montreal.
Australia's capital city turns 100 this weekend, but Canberra, like so many other purpose-built capitals around the world, is still struggling to convince outsiders that it has more to offer than political hot air, says Madeleine Morris.
"Canberra: Why wait for death?" was Bill Bryson's blistering judgement in his 2000 travelogue Down Under. "Pyongyang without the dystopia," was the verdict of the Economist in 2009.
If Sydney is brash and bold, and Melbourne is cool and classy, then Canberra, at least in the Australian public imagination, is dull and devoid of soul.
"Canberra: it's not that bad" is the caption on a well-known car licence plate in the capital city. Talk about damning with faint praise.
"My friend put it well - Canberra is like going to grandma's house," says Jenna Clarke, life and entertainment editor of the Canberra Times. "Other Australian cities are doing brash, creative things but here everything is wrapped in plastic. It doesn't mean it's bad. Canberra is just very mature and knows what it's doing."
Every Friday at 5pm there is a traffic jam of cars full of people going to Sydney for the weekend Andrew Ure, former resident
Poor old Canberra. Few cities do well when they begin as a compromise.
After Australia became a federation in 1901, Melbourne and Sydney couldn't agree on which of the two would host Australia's new parliament. After years of bickering, a middle way was found - a tiny rural community 300km (186 miles) south-west of Sydney would be the national capital.
Following the example of Washington DC, it would be situated in a specially designated capital territory, so no state could hold sway over federal politicians.
An international competition was held to choose the best design for the brand-new city. Chicago husband and wife architects Walter and Marion Griffin won and construction of their bold geometric pattern featuring circles, triangles and hexagons eventually began in 1913.
Six not remotely boring facts about Canberra Australian Capital Territory, where Canberra is located, is Australia's only jurisdiction where making hardcore porn films is legal
It has some of the most lax cannabis laws in Australia
One theory is its name comes from the local Aboriginal word for "woman's cleavage" because it's nestled between two hills
Pronounced with only two syllables, Can-bra - calling it Can-beh-ra will mark you out at a tourist
Other names suggested for Australia's capital included Olympus, Paradise, Shakespeare, Kangaremu and Sydmeladperho
Since The Lodge became the prime minister's official residence in 1927, every PM has lived there except John Howard
A century later, Canberra is home to Australia's upper and lower houses of parliament, the High Court, the National Gallery, a large number of government departments and the country's military training academies. Its 350,000 residents live in seven distinct districts, each with its own commercial centre.
The effect of the Griffins' quirky design is that each district is separated by leafy scrub, allowing Canberrans to have a perpetual feeling of being surrounded by the bush. It also, its detractors say, means inhabitants struggle to get the communal feel that unites a city.
Like many other purpose-built administrative capitals - Brazil's Brasilia, Burma's Naypyidaw, Pakistan's Islamabad - its high-design layout hasn't managed to capture the heart and soul of the country it rules.
"Administrative capitals are normally a feature of federation, such as in Brazil, Australia and the US," says Professor Peter McDonald of the Australian National University, a well-known demographer and long-time Canberra resident.
"I think in that kind of circumstance, it is a bit of a negative for new administrative cities because they're part of a federal system - each of the states has its own centre and each of the states is more interested in its own centre."
Some former residents are less kind.
"It's this beacon of mediocrity where everything it does to be reasonable. It's a pantheon of being ordinary," says Andrew Ure, a former public servant who called Canberra home for six years before escaping to a public relations job in Sydney.
"It should be awesome because it's full of young, smart people. You'd think they could stay there but there's just nothing there for them. So every Friday at 5pm there is a traffic jam of cars full of people going to Sydney for the weekend."
A lack of nightlife is one of the most common complaints made about Canberra. Ure talks incredulously of once having a glass of wine literally taken out of his hand at 8pm on a Tuesday because the bar owner wanted to close.
Image caption Escape to the hills: Black Mountain is close to the city centre
There are certainly world-class food and drink options to be found, but some have their quirks, says Jenna Clarke of the Canberra Times.
"What I'm struggling to comprehend is some of the operating hours of cafes. You go to some places and the kitchen will close at 2pm and won't open until 5pm. But the food is worth waiting for, and bars do open all hours."
Why do Canberrans flock to Sydney? Sydney is home to several festivals - the biggest is the annual Sydney Festival every January
About 4.5m people live in Sydney - 20% of Australia's population - and 350,000 in Canberra
Sydney annually ranks highly in lists of the world's most liveable cities, such as seventh on EIU's Global Liveability Report for 2012
Canberra is fine if you have young children and "you're happy being quiet", maintains Ure. "But for me, the drive when I left Canberra was the greatest drive of my life."
Canberra does seem to have trouble convincing professionals to move there, despite high pay and world-class services.
At the emergency department of the city's second largest public hospital, Calvary, an estimated 70-75% of the doctors don't live in the city or its surrounds, including the department head who regularly commutes four hours by plane from his family home in Perth.
But Canberra is using its centennial celebrations to mount a fightback.
"We think we are at least the equal of any other city in Australia and we'd like to be seen that way, rather than in the disparaging terms of an artificial city, or a city that isn't normal," says Jeremy Lasek, the executive director of Canberra's centenary celebrations.
An impressive programme of cultural and sporting events is already underway, and Lasek says the city is expecting record visitor numbers in 2013.
"People are curious and they're coming. A lot of the criticism comes from people who have not been here for 10 years or more. Some have never been here."
The most annoying thing about living in Canberra is "dealing with Canberra-bashers", agrees Kylie Bates, who works in international sports development and lived in the city for six years.
"It's frustrating to have to defend the city you have chosen to live in, even if the best defence you can muster up is, 'It's not that bad!'"
She cites a new generation of hipster cafes and bars and a new energy brought on by the centenary as evidence the city is, after 100 years, maturing into more than just the home of politicians and public servants.
"It's like Canberra has a new dress code and a relaxed vibe to go with it. Given the prevalence of fleeces, denim and public service security passes a few years ago, it's an aesthetic, if not original, improvement."
You can follow the Magazine on Twitter and on Facebook
More and more people choose to live in cities. Yet, despite the convenience of living in cities, it also comes with its own horrors such as pollution, standstill traffic, overcrowding, endless grey pavements – just to name a few. Studies have shown that the risk for serious mental illness is generally higher in cities compared to rural areas.
As reported on CNN, ZipJet, an international technology company revealed the world's most and least stressful cities.
To come up with this ranking, the firm considered 17 factors that contribute to stress across 500 cities in the world. These factors include unemployment, per capita debt, safety, and levels of physical and mental health
These are the cities where you should move for less stress.
Stuttgart (Germany) Luxembourg (Luxembourg) Hannover (Germany) Bern (Switzerland) Munich (Germany) Bordeaux (France) Edinburgh (United Kingdom) Sydney (Australia) Hamburg (Germany) Graz (Austria)
And these are the most stressful cities to live
Baghdad (Iraq) Kabul (Afghanistan) Lagos (Nigeria) Dakar (Senegal) Cairo (Egypt) Tehran (Iran) Dhaka (Bangladesh) Karachi (Pakistan) New Delhi (India) Manila (Philippines)
Individuals feel stressed for different reasons, requiring the study to look at data from a macro level to determine the comprehensive well-being of a city's population. Apart, from the factors already mentioned, the researchers also considered elements such as lack of sunshine hours, which has been linked to poor mental health.
‘Mental health problems are on the rise worldwide, with stress being a trigger and contributing factor towards this increase. We hope that by pinpointing how the least stressful cities are managing this issue, those cities struggling with a stressed out population can overcome it.' explained Managing Director of Zipjet, Florian Färber.
Allegri: 'Juve risked losing'
By Football Italia staff
Max Allegri admits Juventus “risked losing” against Udinese and was happy with the 0-0 draw.
“We played badly in the first half and kept throwing the ball away, were too hasty trying to go forward and left ourselves open to the counter-attack,” he told Sky Sport Italia.
“We went closer to conceding a goal than scoring in the first half. After the break we were more solid and more careful with the ball, so only ran a couple of risks.
“Udinese played with a lot of intensity and we made too many mistakes. In the end the result is fair, as it's one of those games we risked losing.”
The Bianconeri moved to 3-5-2 and Gigi Buffon was forced into several saves.
“I think the difficulties in the first half were above all because we had three defenders plus Pirlo, then everyone else was already on the edge of the other box hoping to score. Against a side like Udinese that's a very dangerous approach to take.”
Roma remain seven points adrift, but Juve could've gone nine in front with a victory.
“It's a long season and seven points isn't much. We have a long way to go yet and must look forward to next weekend.”
Allegri confirmed Sebastian Giovinco will terminate his contract early to join Toronto FC, so Alessandro Matri of Genoa and Inter outcast Daniel Osvaldo are the options.
It's reported this morning Matri underwent a medical, as he is currently out injured.
“They are two important players, but the club will evaluate what are the best conditions to bring them to Turin.
“Giovinco is leaving, so four strikers aren't enough and it's normal we need someone else.”
Black Friday is this week and it'll be followed right away by Cyber Monday - two of the biggest sales in the United States, that are a great chance to pick up good deals from international e-commerce websites. In our previous piece, we listed the best ways to ship products to India and that's a fairly reliable and cost effective solution. Aside from these shipping services, there are also sellers who will send their products to India directly, but there are still times when shipping costs are more than the price of the product itself. That's obviously not the merchants' fault because international shipping is expensive, but it sometimes does make international shopping less of a deal than you'd hope.
If shipping cost is the only thing stopping you from shopping on international websites, then there are still a few sellers that offer free shipping worldwide. The catch is that you won't be able to track these shipments and if the package is lost or stolen in transit, there isn't much you can do. Some of these websites are run by nice people who will send the product again - taking a loss - but if you are heading down the free shipping road, don't expect the merchants to take responsibility for the courier's fault. Of course, this isn't a common problem, and while it's important to know the risks involved,many people have shared good experiences with these sites.
We haven't bought anything from the websites ourselves yet, but all of these are well-known sellers, and we spoke to some people who have ordered the sites. Here are the ones that were most highly recommended, for everything from books to gadgets to clothes:
1. Book Depository
Book Depository is an Amazon-owned website that sells - you guessed it - books. Even before it was acquired by Amazon, this website was known for offering free shipping worldwide. Books are duty free in India, which means that you can import books without paying any Customs fee. Thanks to Flipkart, and also Amazon India, you should be able to get most popular books here but when you want a special edition or a hard to find title, try Book Depository. We have often found editions of books on Book Depository that were much nicer than the basic paperbacks that are commonly sold online in India. (Update: It seems Book Depository no longer offers shipping to India)
2. AliExpress
China's Alibaba group owns AliExpress, which sells just about anything, from automobile accessories to jewellery. This website is a good option if you want to order goods from China and many of its sellers offer free shipping (via China Post) to India. If you order anything from AliExpress, don't forget to check if the item has Customs duty in India. Add that to the cost to decide if a product is worth ordering. The site is also running a special Black Friday and Cyber Monday sale so there will be plenty to choose from.
Since AliExpress functions as a marketplace, you'll want to be a little more careful when ordering from the site as well. Some people talked to us about good experiences, while plenty of online reviews warn you about fraud. AliExpress has a great section on its website with tips to avoid being cheated and it gives some advice that we will repeat here: if it sounds too good to be true, it almost always is. The page also suggests that you should avoid buying branded products, saying - "name brand products sold at far lower prices are mostly fakes." If you look for deals, instead of steals, then AliExpress is worth checking out.
3. Dealextreme
Dealextreme is probably the best and best known site for buying gadgets. From desktop computer components like RAM to 3D printers, Dealextreme stocks pretty much any gadget you'll need. This website is a good hunting ground for people looking for cheap accessories such as headphones and battery packs. Most products are shipped free to India, but once again, a big question mark hovers over the reliability of the shipping method.
Most of the complaints we found online were from people who were waiting for products over a month after placing the order, but there were a large number of positive comments as well. Of course, if you're trying to get the best deal on a Black Friday or Cyber Monday discount, then be prepared for delays as well, because there would be a lot of orders taking place at the same time.
4. Asos
Asos is a UK-based website that deals in fashion-related items. You can buy items such as clothes, bags, belts, etc. on this website and they ship free to India. They sell products from their own label and from other brands such as American Apparel, Oasis and Vero Moda. Buying clothes online is a bit risky as there's always the chance of something not fitting you properly. If you're buying from a brand that you're familiar with, and possibly own the same item in another colour, it might be a safe enough option. Other than that, some people also warn about issues with hugely delayed deliveries.
Which are your favourite international shopping destinations on the Web? Let us know via the comments.
Affiliate links may be automatically generated - see our ethics statement for details.
Keith Hollywood stood beneath the stairs leading up to the electoral office rolling a cigarette between his thumb and forefinger, the paper just licked to seal in the tobacco.
“You're not going to light that up in here, are you?” said the woman as she walked passed him and started to mount the stairs.
“No, no,” he reassured her. “Not at all.”
And then he went back to his thinking, head wrapped in a woolly hat, brow furrowed.
The election – hopes? Expectations?
“I dunno,” he said, “I dunno. I hope . . .” and his voice trailed off.
The deadline for registering to be able to vote in Northern Ireland's assembly elections on March 2nd passed on Tuesday. Last week, at the Electoral Office for Northern Ireland in Belfast's rebranded Cathedral Quarter, there were queues onto the footpath and even yesterday there was still a steady trickle of people dropping in.
They were checking that they were on the register, or hoping to still be able to get onto it (“Sorry, not this time,” they would be told by the official behind the glass screen), or filling in a form for an electoral identity card (“Can't guarantee it'll get there in time,” 38-year-old Hollywood was told, but he is hopeful it'll be all right come the day).
“I'm sick of the other parties not doing much,” he said back down under the stairs, explaining why he was a People Before Profit supporter.
Blocks on change
His big concern is spending on mental health, and he doesn't believe Theresa May when she proclaims her determination to do more on the issue. In terms of the Assembly, he wants the post-election landscape to be shaken up.
“Hopefully,” he says, “the DUP won't be the top party.”
Would he prefer Sinn Féin, the second-largest grouping in the now dissolved assembly?
“No,” he said, adding, “I wouldn't mind seeing the SDLP get a few more seats. Alliance too.”
There isn't much sign of election fever in the centre of Belfast. Apart from a few straggler posters for Seán Burns that proclaim him to be cross-community Labour alternative.
“Don't vote for dinosaurs!” they shriek, with a silhouette of a foot-stomping T. rex with a red line drawn through it. “Demand LGBT equality and a woman's right to choose.”
What many would see as dinosaur attitudes are far from extinct, as is clear from a glance at the North's media, both traditional and social.
Smelling salts
“I doubt Mike Nesbitt's even a unionist any more,” she fumed to the Belfast Telegraph, explaining her resignation from the party. While she had no doubt that unionists could “do business with our Catholic neighbours”, there were limits.
There was no shame, she said, in wanting to vote first for “our own people, for fellow Protestants and unionists – that doesn't make me a bigot”.
Social media was having fun, meanwhile, at Sinn Féin posters demanding “Comhionnanas Anois!” (Equality Now!), with no shortage of loyalists pointing out on Twitter that the correct spelling of equality in Irish was “comhionannas”.
A trolley carrying boxes of postal vote forms arrives at the electoral office and is placed in a secure place. Between 2013 and last year, some 60,000 people disappeared from the electoral register, names that failed to respond to queries as to whether their entry on the register remained correct.
The surge since the election was confirmed at the end of January could be many from that cohort trying to ensure they are able to vote. No one really knows.
“All we can say,” said Virginia McVae, chief electoral officer for Northern Ireland, “is there has been a definite interest in our engagement with the public ensuring they can vote.”
24 days of Rust - rusti
Important note: this article is outdated! Go to http://zsiciarz.github.io/24daysofrust/ for a recent version of all of 24 days of Rust articles. The blogpost here is kept as it is for historical reasons.
A few days ago the Rust subreddit got excited about the rebirth of rusti - an interactive shell for Rust. Such interpreters (sometimes called REPLs - read-eval-print loop) are the bread and butter of dynamic languages like Lisp, Python or Ruby. But that is not a requirement - as Haskell demonstrates with its GHCi, you can have a REPL for a statically typed, compiled language too. rusti is an attempt to build such an interpreter for Rust.
rusti is still under development and currently installable only from source checkout. Clone the repository and start the interpreter with cargo run :
$ cargo run Running ` target/rusti ` rusti = > 1u + 4 5
You can use it as a calculator but remember about type annotations, just like in regular Rust code. Otherwise you'll get an error like:
rusti = > 1 + 4 <anon>:13:16: 13:25 error: unable to infer enough type information to locate the impl of the trait ` core::fmt::Show ` for the type ` _ ` ; type annotations required <anon>:13 println! ( "{}" , { 1 + 4 }) ;
rusti can evaluate most of Rust code and display results. You can use crates and modules from the standard library as shown in a few examples below.
rusti = > use std::os ; rusti = > os::args () [ target/rusti ] rusti = > use std::iter::AdditiveIterator ; rusti = > range ( 1, 1000u ) .filter ( | x | *x % 19 == 3 ) .sum () 26341 rusti = > #![feature(phase)] rusti = > #[phase(plugin)] extern crate regex_macros; rusti = > extern crate regex ; rusti = > let re = regex! ( r "\b[a-z]{6}:[0-9]{3}\b" ) ; re.is_match ( "qwerty:123" ) true
One great thing about rusti is the .type command which shows the type of expression. (It's quite similar to :type in GHCi.)
rusti = > .type Some ( "Hello world!" .to_string ()) Some ( "Hello world!" .to_string ()) = core::option::Option<collections::string::String> rusti = > .type vec! [ 1u, 2, 3 ] vec! [ 1u, 2, 3 ] = collections::vec::Vec<uint> rusti = > .type std::io::stdin std::io::stdin = fn () -> std::io::stdio::StdinReader
Unfortunately there is no code completion yet, but at least readline capabilities (such as line editing and history) are available.
There are a few other limitations, some of which are rather inconvenient at the moment (such as let declarations being very local), but the authors are aware of them. The real issue for me today is that it can't reference external crates. However this is already being discussed and I hope it will happen.
Code examples in this article were built with rustc 0.13.0-nightly.
Photo by photonate.com and shared under the Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic License. See https://www.flickr.com/photos/themacguy2k/3468131941
Napisane 19 grudnia 2014
The impasse in Washington has not only dominated the political debate since the election, but also become a leading worry for corporate America. President Obama met with business leaders on Wednesday to seek their support in negotiating a compromise, the second time he has sat down with prominent corporate chiefs this month, while Wall Street has wavered with each zig and zag of the debate.
The president and Congressional Democrats favor letting Bush-era tax cuts expire for top earners, while many Republicans have opposed any rise in tax rates and are pressing for greater reductions in federal spending.
Photo
Most observers expect a short-term compromise to be found that blunts the full effect of the tax increases and spending reductions, but economists say the risks to future growth are mounting. If a deal is not reached, the economy will grow at an annual rate of just 1.1 percent in 2013, according to a new forecast issued Thursday by Macroeconomic Advisers, with unemployment rising to 8.5 percent by the end of the year.
Unemployment now stands at 7.9 percent, still far above the level before the financial crisis and the recession, and it is not expected to come down significantly unless economic growth accelerates. For now at least, that seems unlikely.
“Over all, it was a disappointing report,” said Michelle Meyer, senior United States economist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. The accumulation of inventories went from subtracting 0.1 percentage points from the initial estimate to adding 0.8 percentage points, she said.
“A lot of that inventory build was unintentional, which suggests a downside risk for the fourth quarter,” she said. “Businesses had expected stronger sales and consumer spending and were caught off guard.” Ms. Meyer said she expected the economy to grow by 1 percent in the fourth quarter of 2012.
Photo
The government also reported on Thursday that first-time unemployment claims dropped by 23,000, to 393,000, last week. But Ms. Meyer cautioned that these figures were much more volatile than usual because of the Thanksgiving holiday and Hurricane Sandy.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The weak underlying data in the report on third-quarter performance prompted Maury Harris, chief United States economist at UBS, to cut his projected estimate of fourth-quarter growth to 1 percent from 1.6 percent. “Part of this is Sandy and part of this is the inventories,” he said.
The uncertainty about what will happen in Washington is reflected in the sharp divergence of views among economists about growth in the first quarter of 2013. While Mr. Harris sees growth rebounding in early 2013, to an annual rate of 2.1 percent, Ms. Meyer estimates the rate of expansion will be less than half of that at 1 percent.
The Commerce Department data suggests that in spite of the caution about the future, the overall picture for companies remained healthy, with the United States corporate profits reaching a record in the third quarter.
Photo
The increase from the second quarter was entirely a result of stronger business performance at home. Profits received from American-owned businesses abroad fell slightly in the third quarter, which may not be surprising given the recession in Europe and the slowdown in China.
There were signs of optimism in Thursday's data. Residential fixed investment rose 14.2 percent, a sign that the housing recovery was gaining steam. A separate report from the National Association of Realtors showed pending home sales rose to a two-and-a-half-year high.
Indeed, not all economists took a pessimistic view.
“Just because the private sector is going into neutral doesn't mean we have to automatically have a recession,” said Michael Gapen, senior United States economist and asset allocation strategist at Barclays. “Households are deleveraging, corporate balance sheets are strong, and business isn't overextended.
“Short of a policy mistake in Washington, it's tough to get a recession right now,” he said.
The new estimate of growth represents a substantial increase in the level of the second quarter, when the economy grew at a rate of just 1.3 percent. It also marks the fastest rate of expansion since the fourth quarter of 2011, when the economy grew at a 4.1 percent annual pace.
This was the second of the government's three estimates of quarterly growth. The final figure is scheduled for Dec. 20.
For such a stark yet provocative memorial, it's easy to miss.
But if you head to 25th Street and Madison Avenue, on the facade of the circa-1900 marble Appellate Division Courthouse facing Madison Square Park, you'll see it at eye level: a bas relief of the Auschwitz concentration camp.
It's a grim and affecting aerial view of the camp. Buildings are arranged inside a high walls. “Torture Chamber” and “Commandant's House” are inscribed beside two separate structures.
“Execution Wall” and “Gas Chamber and Crematorium I” are chillingly noted as well.
A small plaque next to it lets us know that this is a “Memorial to All Victims of the Holocaust,” completed in 1990 by Harriet Feigenbaum, who used a photo as her guide.
“Feigenbaum's choice of source material is used to question the moral character of the Allies, who, by the taking the photo itself, exhibit their awareness of the camp existence, and their simultaneous indifference to addressing that very existence,” wrote Nasha Virita at Untapped Cities.
“By doing so, she demonstrates the terrors that arise when law and justice are left by the wayside.”
The smokestack-like column that tops the memorial mimics the columns of the rest of the building. Note the flames carved on the side, above the words “indifference to justice is the gate to hell.”
New York's postwar-planned Holocaust memorial in Riverside Park remains unbuilt.
[Top photo: Wikipedia]
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Email
LinkedIn
Google
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Tags: 25th Street NYC, Chilling Holocaust Memorial, Holocaust Memorial NYC, Madison Square Park memorial, NYC Appellate Court building, things to see Madison Square
Aid workers say eight people are confirmed dead in Vanuatu after a massive cyclone tore through the tiny South Pacific archipelago and the death toll is expected to rise much higher.
Officials from Vanuatu's National Disaster Management Office confirmed agency that eight people in and around the capital had died during the cyclone, said Chloe Morrison, a World Vision emergency communications officer in Port Vila, on Sunday.
She says officials haven't been able to assess the damage in many of the hard-hit outer islands where communications remain down.
The United Nations Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs says there are unconfirmed reports of at least 44 deaths in Vanuatu's northeastern islands.
Vanuatu (in red) is a sprawling country of 83 islands and 260,000 people. (Google Maps) Residents hunkered in emergency shelters for a second straight night Saturday after venturing out to find their homes damaged or blown away by the powerful storm, aid workers said.
Packing winds of 270 kilometres per hour, Cyclone Pam tore through Vanuatu early Saturday, leaving a trail of destruction.Power remained out across Vanuatu later Saturday and people on many of the outer islands had no access to running water or outside communications, said Morrison.
Morrison said communications have been so problematic that her aid group hasn't yet been able to account for many of its 76 staff on the islands.
"I can say that for anybody who wasn't in a secure shelter last night, it would have been a very, very tough time for them," she said.
Vanuatu has a population of 267,000 spread over 65 islands. About 47,000 people live in the capital.
Trees are across the roads. Some of them are piled up so you can barely see over them. - Chloe Morrison, World Vision emergency communications officer
Morrison said authorities did a good job Friday moving thousands of people in Port Vila into 23 evacuation centres. When the worst of the storm ended, many people stepped out only to find that their homes were missing a roof or had disappeared, and were forced to return to the shelters.
"It was terrifying," Morrison told CBC News. "Trees are across the roads. Some of them are piled up so you can barely see over them. There are reports that there have been casualties across all of the islands.
"This is going to need a long and sustained response. People in Vanuatu are subsistence farmers. They grow food for their own consumption. Crops will be absolutely wiped out from this."
Teetering trees and downed power lines in Port Vila have made many areas hazardous, Morrison said, adding that she had heard reports of entire villages being destroyed in more remote areas.
"It's still really quite dangerous outside. Most people are still hunkering down," she said.
54,000 children affected
The UN children's agency, UNICEF, estimated that 54,000 children were among those affected by the cyclone.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said the impact and scope of the disaster caused by the cyclone wasn't yet clear, but he feared the damage and destruction could be widespread.
"We hope the loss of life will be minimal," Ban said during the World Conference on Disaster Risk and Reduction in Japan. The UN said it was preparing to deploy emergency rapid response units.
The president of Vanuatu, Baldwin Lonsdale, who was attending the conference, told participants, "I do not really know what impact the cyclone has had on Vanuatu."
"I am speaking to you today with a heart that is so heavy," he said. "I stand to appeal on behalf of the government and the people to give a helping hand in this disaster."
Morrison said the first priority was to ensure people had adequate food, drinking water and shelter. Beyond that, she said, there would need to be a long and concerted rebuilding effort in the months ahead.
She said the winds peaked between about midnight Friday and 1 a.m. Saturday.
'Exceedingly destructive'
A westward change of course put populated areas directly in the path of Cyclone Pam. The UN Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs said there were unconfirmed reports of 44 deaths in Vanuatu's northeastern islands after Pam moved off its expected track.
Debris is scattered over a building in Port Vila, Vanuatu in the aftermath of Cyclone Pam. (Iss Nihemi/Associated Press)
New Zealand on Saturday pledged about $938,000 Cdn to help with relief efforts. Australia was preparing to send a crisis response team to Vanuatu if needed, Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said.
"There are destructive winds, rain, flooding, landslides, sea surges and very rough seas and the storm is exceedingly destructive there," she said. "We are still assessing the situation, but we stand ready to assist."
The small island nation, located about a quarter of the way from Australia to Hawaii, has repeatedly warned it is already suffering devastating effects from climate change with the island's coastal areas being washed away, forcing resettlement to higher ground and smaller yields on traditional crops.
Scientists say it's impossible to attribute single weather events like Cyclone Pam to climate change.
The cyclone has already caused damage to other Pacific islands, including Kiribati and the Solomon Islands. Authorities in New Zealand are preparing for Cyclone Pam, which is forecast to pass north of the country on Sunday and Monday.
Photos by David Brendan Hall (Arcade Fire, Muse) and Philip Cosores (Chance)
Lollapalooza is set to unveil its 2017 lineup on Wednesday morning. Industry sources tell Consequence of Sound that Arcade Fire, Muse, and Chicago's own Chance the Rapper are among the headliners topping the bill.
Arcade Fire have played Lollapalooza twice before, first in 2005 as an early evening act opening for The Killers, and again in 2010 as one of the festival's marquee headliners. The band's long-awaited return to Grant Park marks their first confirmed US performance of 2017 and comes amidst rumors of a new studio album.
As for Muse, they'll be headlining Lollapalooza for a third time following appearances in 2007 and 2011. The festival set is part of an expansive US summer tour announced in anticipation of a new album.
In 2013, Chance the Rapper made his Lolla debut on the BMI stage. A year later, he returned to close out Perry's Stage. He's now risen the ranks to headliner status and will take the stage at his hometown festival for what will arguably be the biggest performance of his career. Last year, Chance released his latest mixtape, Coloring Book, and already he's talking of a brand new full-length project.
Lollapaloza returns to Chicago's Grant Park from August 3rd-6th. Four-day GA passes went on sale and instantly sold out ahead of Tuesday's announcement. Single-day tickets will be available beginning Wednesday.
Festival organizers did did not respond to our request for a comment.
Editor's Note: Consequence of Sound previously reported that The Weeknd would also be playing Lollapalooza. We regret and apologize for the error.
An Oahu homeless shelter is closing down because its operators say they will no longer be able to run the facility under new state rules that require shelters to have more space for residents.
SHARE
ADVERTISING
An Oahu homeless shelter is closing down because its operators say they will no longer be able to run the facility under new state rules that require shelters to have more space for residents.
Waipahu Lighthouse Outreach Center housed about 75 people as of Thursday. Director William Hummel said the shelter is working to find residents a new place to stay now that the center is closing, Hawaii News Now reported.
Shelters were required to submit an operations plan last week that detailed how they would provide guests with more private space without added construction. Hummel said he didn't submit a plan because the shelter wouldn't be able to meet the requirements, which the Legislature passed this year.
“We didn't apply because we don't want to enter into a contract where we agree to do things we know can't be done,” Hummel said.
Under the new rules, shelters will also lose funding if they don't place residents into permanent housing within a certain period of time and aren't at least at 80 percent capacity.
Hummel said the new requirements don't make sense in a place like Hawaii, where Gov. David Ige declared the state's homelessness crisis an emergency last year.
“There is no permanent housing. The outcome measures, the construction requirements, they're all irrational. I don't want to speak for other shelters but I don't know how other shelters can do this,” Hummel said.
Scott Morishige, Ige's homelessness coordinator, said the governor's administration is taking the closure of the Waipahu center “very seriously.”
“We are committed to working together with Lighthouse to find permanent housing for individuals who are residing there,” Morshige said.
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo acknowledge the crowd as they are introduced at the Javits Convention Center in New York, Monday, April 4, 2016. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo acknowledge the crowd as they are introduced at the Javits Convention Center in New York, Monday, April 4, 2016. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)
Hannah Button - PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) --- Bernie Sanders' campaign criticized Hillary Clinton Tuesday, a day after she joined New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo at a rally celebrating the state's enactment of a $15 minimum wage law.
Clinton, who has embraced plans for a $12 federal minimum wage in her own presidential campaign, predicted New York's law will spark a movement that "is going to sweep our country."
"It started with a movement, the Fight for $15," Clinton said. "What the governor did shows the way to getting an increased minimum wage at the federal level."
But Clinton's campaign platform for a $12 federal minimum wage puts her at odds with the Fight for $15 coalition, which is rallying for a $15 standard across the nation.
Her platform supports increasing the federal minimum wage to $12, with flexible terms that could allow certain states and cities to move higher in the future.
She argues that a $15 minimum wage may be too high for smaller, rural areas.
Under New York's law, the minimum wage in New York City will reach $15 by the end of 2018. On Long Island and in Westchester County, that won't happen until the end of 2021. The minimum wage in the rest of the state will go up to $12.50 by 2020.
Sanders' campaign manager Jeff Weaver accused Clinton of not being "sincere" in her support of New York's $15 minimum wage law at Monday's Manhattan rally.
"The truth of the matter is that Secretary Clinton has not supported a $15 national minimum wage," Weaver told CNN's New Day on Tuesday. "That's a position that Senator Sanders has advocated from the beginning of this campaign."
Although Sanders and Clinton have been rallying for different federal minimum wage hikes, both of their proposals would be phased in over a period of 5 years.
Los Angeles, Seattle and other cities recently approved $15 minimum wages. Oregon approved an increase to $14.75 in cities and $12.50 in rural areas by 2022.
The bank has warned it may need more state support Bank of Ireland has announced losses of almost 1bn euros (£895m) for the six months to the end of September. The bank has said that the total value of loans that it thinks might not be repaid will be 6.9bn euros (£6.1bn) for the period to April 2011. It has warned the Irish government that it may require another infusion of taxpayers' capital. The bank has 44 branches in Northern Ireland and runs a financial service joint venture with the UK Post Office. It said the past six months had been "difficult" and gave a very cautious appraisal of future economic prospects, saying there were "some indications of a slow-down in the pace of economic decline in the UK and to some extent in Ireland." The bank's UK division posted a operating profit of £163m but that became a £203m loss when impaired loan charges were taken into account. The bank said it remained committed to the UK market and will continue its partnership with the Post Office. Uncertainties In September, Ireland's Minister for Finance Brian Lenihan said around 16bn euros worth of Bank of Ireland loans would be transferred into Nama, the country's "bad bank" which is intended to remove toxic property loans from lenders' balance sheets. However the bank said on Wednesday that significant uncertainties exist surrounding the specific amount of loans being transferred, when they will be transferred and the price that will be paid for those loans. In a rescue plan for its economy, the Irish government has already pumped seven billion euros into its top two lenders, with Allied Irish Bank and Bank of Ireland each getting 3.5bn euros in state cash. Ireland's banking sector has been badly hit by the international financial turmoil, the collapse of a domestic property bubble and a deep recession in the former "Celtic Tiger" economy.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A month ago, Holy Snails (Chel) thoughtfully sent me a bottle of her DIY concoction called Shark Sauce (link is to version 2.0, the one that I have). Update: You can buy the latest version directly from the Holy Snails store. Chock full of functional and purposefully selected and proportioned ingredients, Shark Sauce can be thought of as an ampoule or serum with brightening, repairing, and hydrating properties.
The ingredients that caught my eye were: 5% niacinamide, 3% n-acetyl glucosamine, and 5% licorice root extract. Where do the sharks come in? Thankfully, no sharks were harmed in the making, but there is some sea kelp bioferment (15%) and the recipe was spurred by /u/Sharkus_Reincarnus (aka Fifty Shades of Snail; link is about the first version of Shark Sauce).
I'd been lusting over Chel's skin this combo of ingredients ever since she posted photos of her dramatic reduction in hyperpigmentation after just 1 week of use–including marks that had been there for years.
I completely relate to having acne marks that last longer than apartment leases and, heck, even my law school career. So while I crossed my fingers about seeing similar results, I kept my expectations in check because I've been disappointed before (see, e.g., every vitamin C serum ever, including OST C20 and Paula's Choice C15 Booster and 25% Spot Treatment).
Here's what I was facing when I began Shark Sauce. Getting on PocketDerm Acne had eliminated and flattened large blemishes on my cheek and jaw, but I was left with some, ahem, mementos.
As soon as I received Shark Sauce, I made it a regular part of my routine, day and night. I applied it to my forehead, cheeks, and chin mainly (2-3 drops per area), basically spreading it all over my face except for my nose.
Shark Sauce is runny and spreads easily, yet is thicker than, say, an essence or toner. It's a translucent light brown and leaves a sticky feeling. It has a faint smell that is unnoticeable once applied. Immediately after application, skin feels hydrated, smooth, and plump. It's not evident in photos, but I feel as if my skin is actually plumper and thicker.
After 3 weeks of diligent usage, I actually noticed a difference! I thought certain acne marks looked lighter and that they didn't show through makeup as much. Initially, I doubted myself. Was it a placebo effect? My stubborn marks couldn't really be fading?! Well, after comparing some before and after pics, I confirmed that some marks had in fact faded or shrunk!
The arrows below point out particular spots that have faded. (The lighting and color aren't exactly the same, but the results really are true.)
My left side:
My right side. Notice in particular the dark almost-triangular mark on my cheek (the mark/arrow closest to my mouth):
The one spot marked with an *asterisk shrunk in surface area but seems darker in comparison to before. Other than that spot, the other spots seem to have improved all around. October 2015 Update: The one spot that darkened actually had another tiny bump forming there (booooo), so I guess it wasn't really in the fading stage yet.
I am so impressed. The fact that I noticed a difference in 3 weeks is miraculous (or science, take your pick ¯\_(ツ)_/¯). The spots that faded are from relatively recent breakouts in March through May (so about 3 to 5 months old).
Things to note: There were no changes at the 1-week mark (based on before & after photos). The marks are still dark enough to show through medium-coverage cushion foundation and mineral powder. Also, much older acne marks and the brown sunspots on the top of my cheekbones haven't faded. In addition, the passage of time and my simultaneous use of other brightening products could be responsible or could have partially contributed to the results. I don't have a real way to know.
BUT here are the reasons why I think time and the products below were not responsible (not mainly anyway):
PocketDerm Acne : My prescription contains two ingredients that can potentially help with acne marks: tretinoin and azelaic acid . I've been using this particular prescription since the beginning of June. While using this but before Shark Sauce, I noticed that this was extremely effective in preventing and shortening the lifespan of acne but not so much in improving the acne marks left behind. There was some fading (see the first face photo in this post), but based on personal experience, that was consistent with just the passage of time–and the fading inevitably plateaus. In addition, I've been using tretinoin for 9 months continuously (before PocketDerm Acne, I was on PocketDerm Anti-Aging) and had never noticed a difference in acne marks (or sun spots) before.
: My prescription contains two ingredients that can potentially help with acne marks: and . I've been using this particular prescription since the beginning of June. While using this but before Shark Sauce, I noticed that this was extremely effective in preventing and shortening the lifespan of acne but not so much in improving the acne marks left behind. There was some fading (see the first face photo in this post), but based on personal experience, that was consistent with just the passage of time–and the fading inevitably plateaus. In addition, I've been using tretinoin for 9 months continuously (before PocketDerm Acne, I was on PocketDerm Anti-Aging) and had never noticed a difference in acne marks (or sun spots) before. Biologique Recherche Lotion P50 : I've been using the “new formula” in the P50 and P50V versions for about 7 weeks, often 2x a day. Almost 4 of those weeks have overlapped with Shark Sauce. This relatively heavy-duty chemical exfoliation could conceivably enhance the penetration and effectiveness of Shark Sauce, and for a short time, I thought that it was fading one acne mark. (Other bloggers have reported fading hyperpigmentation.) On the other hand, prior experiences with chemical exfoliation–in formulas all marketed as improving hyperpigmentation–failed to produce significant results, so I'm hesitant to attribute any fading to the “renewal” of my skin surface.
: I've been using the “new formula” in the P50 and P50V versions for about 7 weeks, often 2x a day. Almost 4 of those weeks have overlapped with Shark Sauce. This relatively heavy-duty chemical exfoliation could conceivably enhance the penetration and effectiveness of Shark Sauce, and for a short time, I thought that it was fading one acne mark. (Other bloggers have reported fading hyperpigmentation.) On the other hand, prior experiences with chemical exfoliation–in formulas all marketed as improving hyperpigmentation–failed to produce significant results, so I'm hesitant to attribute any fading to the “renewal” of my skin surface. Niacinamide anything : Maybe Chel is right that the n-acetyl glucosamine (NAG) is the gamechanger. I used 4% niacinamide in my PocketDerm Anti-Aging prescription for 6 months with no noticeable difference in old acne marks. I've also used various products with niacinamide to no avail (as far as acne marks go). E.g., Missha FTE. To be sure, Shark Sauce has a higher percentage of niacinamide (5%) than anything else I'd used before and it has ingredients that I haven't used regularly or in high percentages before (such as 5% licorice root extract), so niacinamide or something else could be responsible. But I can say that prior niacinamide products were unimpressive on the fading front, yet Shark Sauce managed to produce visible results.
: Maybe Chel is right that the n-acetyl glucosamine (NAG) is the gamechanger. I used 4% niacinamide in my PocketDerm Anti-Aging prescription for 6 months with no noticeable difference in old acne marks. I've also used various products with niacinamide to no avail (as far as acne marks go). E.g., Missha FTE. To be sure, Shark Sauce has a higher percentage of niacinamide (5%) than anything else I'd used before and it has ingredients that I haven't used regularly or in high percentages before (such as 5% licorice root extract), so niacinamide or something else could be responsible. But I can say that prior niacinamide products were unimpressive on the fading front, yet Shark Sauce managed to produce visible results. PA++++ sunscreen: I've been using Japanese PA++++ sunscreens daily (applied in several layers, after moisturizer and before makeup) since last winter. That's the maximum rating for protection against the UVA rays that cause pigment darkening. Although my skin tone overall has been fairer, I haven't noticed any lightening of acne marks or sunspots due to this change in my routine.
To close, I wholeheartedly recommend giving Shark Sauce a try if you're struggling with acne marks. On her website, Chel has posted two recipe variations (and a stripped-down version called Holy Snail Water) and lots of helpful tips and photos. Just check out her posts tagged “shark sauce.” Please don't bombard her with requests to buy as it's not for sale. Edit: Chel operates a co-op through which you can obtain Shark Sauce. Follow her site to learn about the latest in Shark Sauce developments. Edit #2 (Nov. 23, 2015): Chel has officially opened a store selling Shark Sauce and other handcrafted skincare goodies. Go to holysnailsshop.com to see the current offerings. Sold-out items will be restocked regularly and more quickly now that this has become Chel's full-time venture.
Note: Since I wrote this review, Shark Sauce has undergone various revisions because Chel will tweak the formula to, for example, refine the cosmetic qualities. But the magic combo of 5% niacinamide-5% licorice root extract-3% n-acetyl glucosamine has remained constant as far as I can tell. The version you receive if you order today will undoubtedly differ slightly in scent, stickiness, color, and consistency from the version in this review. I know because I've used at least 2 updated versions of Shark Sauce since this post! (And I paid for them.)
I'll keep using Shark Sauce faithfully and hope to see continued progress. Even if I don't see any more progress, I'm happy to have seen any fading at all. And please, Chel, don't cut me off. I'm too lazy to DIY!
"If we don't get that gear off of that animal, or the animal can't shake it off on their own, it's going to die," Viezbicke said.
This whale in Crescent City videotaped by Ben Lester with Oregon State University became entangled in a fishing line in late July.
Viezbicke says engaging with local fishermen and communities has led to more calls when a whale is in danger. Officials are currently working with crab fishermen to develop better practices that result in less lost fishing gear that could potentially ensnare whales and other sea creatures.
But advocacy groups like the Center for Biological Diversity says more needs to be done.
"We've worked with regulators and crabbers to address this problem over the past couple of years, and we've heard their statements of concern as the problem has gotten worse and worse," said staff attorney Kristen Monsell in an op-ed for the Sacramento Bee. "But words aren't enough anymore. It's time for action now, before the start of the next crab season in November."
The environmental nonprofit Center for Biological Diversity plans to sue the California Department of Fish and Wildlife over the issue at the end of the month.
Catherine Kilduff, senior attorney at the Center, told KPCC that the state has made some progress. A law passed the Legislature last year aims to help fishermen retrieve lost crab lines and gear. And this year, a bill was introduced that would give more money to teams like Viezbicke's that go out and disentangle whales and other marine mammals.
But Kilduff says last year's law still hasn't been implemented. In the meantime, state recommendations on best fishing practices to prevent excess fishing lines that the Center has advocated for have not been followed.
A voluntary advisory attempting to reduce the number of crab traps in whale entanglement hotspots like the Monterey Bay also "didn't have an effect," Kilduff said.
"All of this meant that we needed to file a lawsuit in order to get regulations to protect endangered marine wildlife," she said.
Kilduff said since the time of notifying the state of their intentions to sue in late June, a long-time whale rescuer in Canada was killed as he attempted to free an entangled whale.
Lost Cause
Seeing America Through the Losing Candidates' Map
Updated with 2016 election results »
If the winners write the history books, they also make the maps. After every Election Day, we see a variety of maps showing how the race was decided. They differ in sophistication and type, but they all show the same thing: Who won. Here is the opposite view. We've mapped the counties that supported the losing candidate in every presidential election since 1828. The maps, stripped of party colors, trace the history of American politics from underneath it. Through them we can explore a geography of opposition, where the prevailing opinion was rejected, and where resentment was birthed or fostered. They locate the disgruntled and disaffected. They presage conflict and even civil war. Looking at these maps you can see the impact of historical trends: urbanization, party realignment, the emancipation of slaves and civil rights. You can see how red and blue states have rarely been that homogenous. You can even see how geological features created over millions of years ago still influence our politics today. Take a tour of history through the lens of the losers.
The North/South Divide In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the country was divided between North and South. After Reconstruction ended in 1877, says Georgetown University history professor Michael Kazin, the Democrats constructed a “Solid South” based on antipathy toward Republicans – the party that had defeated the Confederacy, ended slavery, and enfranchised black men. Meanwhile, Northern states mostly backed Republicans for president. From 1876 to 1928, Democrats lost 10 of the 14 presidential elections, which you can see in the repeating pattern of a dark purple across the South. “These maps really show Southern voters behaving in a way that is entirely different from the rest of the country,” says Peter Kastor, a political historian at Washington University in St. Louis. Anyone looking at the maps of the first half of the 20th century would say to themselves, “Wow, the South is incredibly committed to the Democrats!”, says Mitchell Lerner, an associate professor of history at Ohio State University. Until suddenly, everything changes. 1876 - 1928 Counties carried by a losing candidate, by percentage of the total vote
50% 90% Counties carried by
the winning candidate
Unorganized territories/
No data available
The Southern Flip & Civil Rights After years of overwhelmingly Southern support for Democrats, the historical regional alignment flips. Why? The civil rights movement. After Democrat Harry Truman makes the first very small steps towards civil rights in the run-up to the 1948 election, says Lerner, the South starts a sharp turn away from the party. By 1964, the South is the only region that votes for conservative Republican Barry Goldwater and against the Democrat Lyndon Johnson, who wins one of the most lopsided victories in U.S. history. And, in the South, things only get worse for the Democrats after that. 1900 Loser: Bryan (Democrat) Winner: McKinley (Republican) 1904 Loser: Parker (Democrat) Winner: Roosevelt (Republican) 1920 Loser: Cox (Democrat) Winner: Harding (Republican) 1924 Loser: Davis (Democrat) Loser: La Follette (Progressive) Winner: Coolidge (Republican) “What these maps show us is an almost complete reversal of regional party loyalties that transpires in the middle of the century, due primarily (although not exclusively) to the civil rights movement,” says Lerner. 1964 Loser: Barry Goldwater (Republican) Winner: Lyndon B. Johnson (Democrat)
The New England Flip The South was not the only region that flipped from one party to another. Northern New England in particular shifted from supporting Republican candidates to voting against them, according to Larry Knopp, a geographer at the University of Washington Tacoma. Vermont, for example, was a solidly Republican state as late as 1988, but in recent elections, such as 2004, it voted for Kerry, the Democratic candidate. “It's largely migration patterns and cultural change that have flipped Vermont so that now it's the home of Bernie Sanders,” said Knopp. People moving north out of the urban centers of New York and Boston have also changed Maine and New Hampshire, which have also been historically Republican states but now are leaning Democrat. 1920 Loser: James M. Cox (Democrat) Winner: Warren G. Harding (Republican) 2004 Loser: John Kerry (Democrat) Winner: George W. Bush (Republican)
1976 The 1976 election is unlike any other, according to Geoffery Skelley of the University of Virginia Center for Politics. Republican Gerald Ford wins most counties west of the Mississippi, while losing most of the South and a sizable number of counties in the Northeast and Midwest. This creates more of an East-West divide than the typical North/South one. But with the 1976 race being remembered as the American people's response to Watergate, it's hard to draw long-term conclusions from it. This would be the last time that a Republican would lose the states of Mississippi and Alabama. 1976 Loser: Gerald Ford (Republican) Winner: Jimmy Carter (Democrat)
The Bellwether Ohio, as any election wonk will tell you, has voted for the winner in every presidential contest since 1964. The 2016 election was no exception, with Ohio going for Trump by almost half a million votes. But despite its consistency as a state, a closer look at county-by-county results shows that Ohioans are anything but unanimous in their vote. In five elections since 1964, the majority of Ohio's counties voted for the loser of the race. The maps from 2008 and 2012 are especially striking, showing most counties voting overwhelmingly against Barack Obama. His support comes mainly from the big cities, including Cleveland, Columbus, Cincinnati and Dayton. These show up as small gray islands scattered across a purple sea. That pattern – cities versus the rest of the state – repeats in 2016, with most major cities voting for Clinton, with one notable exception: Dayton. Ohio, 1964 - 2016
Similar Maps, Vastly Different Elections Some of these maps make striking juxtapositions. Take the 1984 election, in which Walter Mondale was defeated in a landslide, losing every state but his native Minnesota. At the county level, the defeat is somewhat less homogenous. If history credits “Reagan Democrats” with Mondale's defeat, this is likely a map of Mondale Democrats. Compare 1984 to 2000, with Al Gore losing the electoral vote by a tiny fraction and winning the popular vote. For elections that had such dramatically different outcomes, their maps look remarkably similar. One of the reasons for that betrays a central truth about maps – they prioritize geography over population. So Northeastern counties with millions of people can seem less important than the wide open and empty counties of the Desert West. “These maps force us to think about space in two different ways,” says Kastor, the political historian from Washington University in St. Louis. “The literal representation of space, and what is within that space.” 1984 Loser: Walter Mondale (Democrat) Winner: Ronald Reagan (Republican) 2000 Loser: Al Gore (Democrat) Winner: George W. Bush (Republican)
Questioning History These maps spur us to reconsider the received wisdom about historical elections and the presidency. Take Franklin Roosevelt, the “elephant in the room in any discussion of the presidency,” says political historian Kastor. While Roosevelt is remembered as a wildly popular president throughout his over 12 years in office, these county maps tell the story of his attenuating popularity over the course of his presidency. Disaffection with FDR spreads like a contagion from Vermont and Maine through the upper half of the country. By his last re-election campaign, more counties are putting their support behind someone else than had ever before. According to Kastor, many people in Roosevelt's inner circle, including some of his closest advisers, did not believe he was physically qualified to run in 1944. These maps show that large portions of the U.S. voted against him. 1932 Loser: Hoover (Republican) Winner: Roosevelt (Democrat) 1936 Loser: Landon (Republican) Winner: Roosevelt (Democrat) 1940 Loser: Willkie (Republican) Winner: Roosevelt (Democrat) 1944 Loser: Dewey (Republican) Winner: Roosevelt (Democrat)
The Urban/Rural Divide Since 2000, we've all heard plenty about red states and blue states. But according to Kenneth Osgood, a history professor at the Colorado School of Mines, these terms are not very helpful for understanding the overall contours of our current political universe. Far more important is the urban/rural divide, which has mostly replaced the North/South divide of the previous century. “The story of the polarization of the U.S. is one that maps itself out in place and space,” says Margaret O'Mara, a history professor at the University of Washington. According to O'Mara, these maps show the U.S. changing from a rural nation to an urban one, with an increasing concentration of population in city centers. Those urban areas tend to be more progressive, and vote for Al Gore in 2000. But not far from those urban areas are more rural, Republican-leaning areas, which vote overwhelmingly for Mitt Romney in 2012. The distances between these counties may be small, but the differences are large: education levels, church-going patterns, economic prospects. These are the new things that divide us. That said, the current levels of polarization are nothing extraordinary, according to Bryce Ward, an economist who co-authored a 2005 paper called Myths and Realities of American Political Geography. While partisanship has risen, says Ward, “the geographic polarization that exists currently is not outside of the long-term norm of U.S. politics.” 2000 Loser: Al Gore (Democrat) Winner: George W. Bush (Republican) 2012 Loser: Mitt Romney (Republican) Winner: Barack Obama (Democrat)
The Mississippi River Clusters There are two clusters of Democratic-leaning counties along the Mississippi that don't often get talked about, according to Knopp, the University of Washington Tacoma geographer. One is a cluster in the South, along eastern Arkansas, western Mississippi and south western Tennessee. These Democratic voters, primarily African American, are a stark contrast to the otherwise deeply conservative region. Spread across several different states, they are typically outvoted by other parts of their states. That's why they often disappear from state election maps, and can only be seen at the county level in elections like 2000. Their strong support for Al Gore appears as a cluster of purple dots. 2000 Loser: Al Gore (Democrat) Winner: George W. Bush (Republican) The other Democratic cluster is visible along the upper Mississippi River, in western Illinois, southwestern Wisconsin, and eastern Iowa. These counties are the reason why Wisconsin and Iowa have leaned Democratic in the last several election cycles, despite the demographics of these states overall: mostly rural, mostly white. “Despite its demographic homogeneity in terms of whiteness, this region has somehow escaped the Republican strategy of mobilizing white voters,” says Knopp. But for that little cluster, the states of Wisconsin and Iowa would have gone for the Republican candidate. While they take up much less real estate than the rest of the state, in 2000 they were enough to turn the region for Al Gore. 2000 Loser: Al Gore (Democrat) Winner: George W. Bush (Republican)
The Anti-Obama Map What jumps out about this map “is just how very different the 2008 and 2012 elections look to most previous contests,” says Charles Pattie, a geographer at the University of Sheffield. According to Pattie, it suggests competition between big city America and small town America, a very different pattern than the one the Civil War imprinted on maps 150 years ago. The 2008 map shows large swaths of the country in purple. These counties voted overwhelmingly for John McCain. Obama's support, on the other hand, comes mostly from highly concentrated metropolises, as well as places settled by racial and ethnic minorities: Latinos in southern Texas, New Mexico and Arizona, and African Americans in parts of Mississippi, Alabama and the Carolinas. Among other things, the 2008 map “shows us the lingering influence of race in American elections," says Manisha Sinha, Professor of Afro-American Studies at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. 2008 Loser: John McCain (Republican) Winner: Barack Obama (Democrat)
The Black Belt A recurring feature that shows up again and again is the distinct voting pattern of the region known as the “Black Belt,” a crescent-shaped area that runs from the lower Mississippi River to North Carolina. That region, known for very rich fertile soil, was prime cotton-growing land in the slavery-era south. That soil can be traced back 85 million years, when it was an ancient shoreline. Today a large number of African Americans still live in the area, many of whose ancestors were brought to the region as slaves. They vote with striking consistency, rejecting Republicans and supporting Democrats overwhelmingly. 2004 Loser: Kerry (Democrat) Winner: Bush (Republican) 2012 Loser: Romney (Republican) Winner: Obama (Democrat) Credit: Wikimedia Commons 85 million years ago
We had been together for about four and a half years, and were planning on getting married this fall.
A few months ago, with my help and support, she started being a cam model to make some extra money and, a couple of months later, quit her day job to cam as her sole means of income. As I had been laid of months prior, my "job" was to run the business and technical side of things for her.
The relationship had been having issues for a while, and frankly we should have seen a therapist.
But one day, without prior discussion, she calls off the wedding, dumps me, fires me, and asks me to leave the house. At the same time she starts taking up with one of her former customers -- a man in his sixties, who lives thousands of miles away, and is confined to a wheelchair due to disability. They are apparently in love, which she told me a few days before breaking it off.
She still says she loves me, she still trusts me a great deal and still wants me to help out in some ways with her camming. She wants to remain friends. But at the same time, she refuses to take any steps to attempt to repair the relationship (she was originally amenable to counseling, but changed her mind without telling me), and she's retroactively smearing the entire relationship, making herself out to be infinitely miserable for the entire duration.
It feels like she's not taking any responsibility for the situation and that she's not even really thinking about what she's doing. She's asked me to do all these things for her but offered nothing in return, and refuses to have an open mind about our future. I can't reconcile all of these apparent contradictions.
EDIT: Oh yeah, btw, we have shared finances. We needed to remodel the kitchen in our house (it was falling apart) and so there's joint debt that has to be settled. She also has my dog because she's an old lady and can't go up and down all these flights of steps in the apartment I'm staying at, whereas at the house she has free access to the backyard, sunshine, and our other dogs for company. So I can't just walk away and make a clean break.
EDIT 2: The timing was also very suspicious. She's not computer literate and doesn't have a good head for math or business acumen, so getting her going on cam was my deal. As soon as she felt assured of her success and I got things stable enough on the tech end (and showed her enough basic tricks to handle minor issues that popped up), suddenly I'm out on my ass.
tl;dr: Fiancee dumps me, asks me to leave home, fires me, and then takes up with elderly disabled man. Please help me understand what could be happening in her mind and if there's any, any hope for us.
It's Alive
When Melissa is receiving texts from Ian on her phone, they go here to discuss the possibility that Ian is alive, since they are supposed to be on a break from each other. It is clear that unbeknownst to them that someone is watching them from above the greenhouse.
Through Many Dangers, Toils, and Snares
The girls meet here at 10 PM after school to plan a coup against " A ." Emily then returns here the following night to "make a deal" with "A." Meanwhile, the girls are wai
ting as backup right outside to catch "A" when he/she shows up. "A" is caught off guard and tries to attack Emily and the girls. "A" ultimately escapes by throwing a pot through the ceiling, thereby showering glass everywhere and making a run for it.
A Hot Piece of A
The girls return to the greenhouse to find the box they left there and come up with a plan about what to do with A's phone. They flee when more glass falls from the ceiling.
It wasn't just one supremacy group that showed up in Charlottesville, VA for to Unite the Right rally. There were two. Moreover, they've been lurking through America's cesspool for quite some time, but on Saturday both emerged.
We all know about the first group. They're the white supremacists who rallied to protest the removal of a Confederate statue; however, their other intended goal was to sow some racist and political mayhem.
First of all, the Daily Stormer publicized the rally with this anti-Semitic notice, which is reminiscent of 1930's German Nazi propaganda:
And then at the rally there were chants like this:
They also brought out the timeworn “Heil!” chant, updated to include the current president. You'd think they'd come up with something more original, but I guess they know what works:
There were also flags with swastikas, naturally:
In addition, the ex-KKK leader and reliable turd-in-the-punchbowl David Duke showed up for the festivities, too.
Charming, aren't they?
However, another supremacy group showed up as well. Only rather than the superiority of their skin color or nationality, this group believes in the superior morality of their cause.
These are the moral supremacists, and they're every bit as toxic as the racial supremacists. They want to silence the speech of anyone who dares challenge their self-righteous beliefs. They're also very willing to use violence to promote their supremacy.
Moral supremacists rose up right after the election of Donald Trump. They're the people who rioted at Berkeley in February when Milo Yiannopoulos was scheduled to speak on campus. They deemed his speech immoral, so they shut him down. Here's one of their leaders, Yvette Felarca. She's a real piece of work.
In addition, there's the “Antifa,” the self-styled “anti-fascists,” who think it's their job to take an anti-Trump message to the streets. As a leftwing writer in The Nation wrote:
As with fascisms, not all anti-fascisms are the same, but the essential feature is that anti-fascism does not tolerate fascism; it would give it no platform for debate.
You read that correctly — no free speech, no debate. The moral supremacists are there to shut their opponents down, with violence if necessary.
statesman: RT NBBarrios: Gathering ends with the chant, "any time, any place, punch a Nazi in the face." pic.twitter.com/LwQAR97h9O — Austin Fox. UT (@myfoxaustin) August 13, 2017
Then, after Charlottesville's rioting ended, the moral supremacists showed up on social media in droves.
One journalist shamed anyone who didn't openly condemn the violence:
If you are not condemning this attack, you are the problem. If you're asking for "both sides" to stop, you are the problem. #Charlottesville — Tom Sepulveda (@TomSepulveda) August 12, 2017
He continued:
There aren't many sides to this. There are Trump supporters & their Nazi cronies. And there's Americans who oppose them. #Charlottesville — Tom Sepulveda (@TomSepulveda) August 13, 2017
So if you voted for Trump, you're in league with Nazis. That's about half of American citizens.
This guy went even further. He said if you're white, you're related to the Charlottesville Nazis:
White people, time for us to have serious conversations with our families. The nazis marching are our cousins, nephews, brothers, uncles… — Michael Skolnik (@MichaelSkolnik) August 12, 2017
That's puzzling to me. My father fought the original Nazis in World War II. Do I get a pass from this conversation?
Then there's this group that insists that white people must speak out against bigotry. If they're good Americans, that is.
Now's the time for every decent white American to speak out against the bigotry in #Charlottesville#UniteBluehttps://t.co/H5G27Bey3D pic.twitter.com/doWYEB4lth — UniteBlue (@UniteBlue) August 13, 2017
And if you're a Republican, you're a terrorist like James Fields, the guy who drove his car into the crowd of protestors and killed a woman. He's reported to be a registered Republican. This leftist wants us all to know that.
Quick facts on the Trump Republican terrorist in #charlottesville
who weaponized his car to murder fellow Americans pic.twitter.com/fGN9DZHvvl — #FreeCali NaphiSoc (@NaphiSoc) August 13, 2017
Finally, there's the über-feminist and man-hater Jessica Valenti. And she says that just because most of the white supremacists in Charlottesville were white men, that doesn't mean white women get off easy. Oh, no no! Jessica wants you to know that if you're a white woman who voted for Trump, you're just as bad as the marching white supremacists.
Don't be fooled by the mostly-male white supremacists in Charlottesville. The 53% of white women who voted for Trump are there in spirit too — Jessica Valenti (@JessicaValenti) August 12, 2017
Some months ago I predicted to my husband that someone would get killed in one of these melees. And while the white supremacists chalked up the body count in Charlottesville, eventually the moral supremacists might claim a victim too, as they “punch a Nazi,” and maybe do worse. Both groups are loathsome, and represent the worst of the nation. A pox on both their miserable houses.
Congressional oversight office at NSA headquarters sits empty Nick Juliano
Published: Tuesday March 4, 2008
|
Print This Email This With lack of requests from Congress, GAO staff would 'twiddle their thumbs' The Government Accountability Office -- Congress's investigative arm -- has an office at the super-secretive National Security Agency's headquarters, but it keeps no staff there because lawmakers have not made enough oversight requests, the agency's head told Congress last week. We still actually do have space at the NSA. We just dont use it and the reason we dont use it is were not getting any requests, you know," Comptroller General David M. Walker told a Senate subcommittee Friday. "So I dont want to have people sitting out there twiddling their thumbs." Walker's comments were reported by Steven Aftergood at Secrecy News, the blog he runs as director of the Federation of American Scientists' Project on Government Secrecy. Aftergood also testified at the Senate Homeland Security oversight subcommittee hearing. During the hearing, Aftergood stressed the need for oversight of an Intelligence Community with a growing budget and increasing reliance on private-sector contractors. He said spending on contractors doubled between 1996 and 2006. "There are literally thousands of new contractual relationships between intelligence agencies and commercial entities that the intelligence oversight system is clearly equipped to regulate, oversee or even verify that they're doing what they're supposed to be doing," Aftergood told the subcommittee, according to a transcript of the proceedings. He said GAO would not be able to fully solve the intelligence oversight problems, but it would be able to make a "tangible contribution" as it does oversee other aspects of the government. Sen. Daniel Akaka (D-HI), who chairs the subcommittee, has introduced legislation that would clarify GAO's right to audit programs and financial activities of US intelligence agencies, according to CongressDaily. Walker told the committee that the Intelligence Community has long been against GAO's oversight efforts, but he said relationships with intelligence agencies was improving. He said the GAO could evaluate management issues and reforms without exposing the "sources and methods" of the Intel Community. Aftergood told the committee that Akaka's bill likely would not overcome intelligence officials' objections because they try to keep everything hidden under the same guise of protecting sources.
Hi KICKSTARTER! Thanks for checking out LUMI. We hope you support our project and help this idea come to life!
LUMI is a sleep mask that simulates sunrise. The idea came from combining two familiar sleep products (sleep masks and sunrise clocks) that can't be used in tandem.
What is LUMI?
It started with a problem. I loved waking up with sunlight coming through my blinds. But at night, with my blinds open, light kept me from falling asleep. Using a sleep mask helped block the light, but eliminated being able to wake with sunlight. I got to thinking, "Wouldn't it be great to have a solution for blocking out light AND waking with sunlight?"
LUMI is my solution. LUMI, like traditional sleep masks, blocks out light. But, In the morning, a light unit inside the mask simulates a sunrise 30 minutes before you wake, leaving you feeling refreshed and energized.
How does LUMI work?
Our bodies are designed to sleep in darkness and wake with sunlight. Darkness triggers our brain to produce a sleep cue, melatonin, to help fall asleep. Tiny amounts of light disrupt this cue. LUMI blocks out light, helping you fall asleep with ease. Sunlight aligns our daily rhythms and activates our metabolism so we wake easily, with more attention and energy. LUMI's light stimulates the mind and prepares your body for the day.
Traditional alarm methods wake you midway in your sleep cycle (literally "alarming" you). LUMI slowly wakens your mind and body, giving you a boost of energy from the moment you wake.
Before sleep, dial in your wake-up time on the alarm controller. Put LUMI on, and fall asleep. In the morning, 30 minutes before your wake-up time, LUMI's soft light gradually grows brighter. If your alarm is at 7 am, the light will gradually brighten beginning at 6:30. An audible alarm sounds at the end of the sunrise sequence, letting you know it's time to start the day.
So why LUMI?
Most of our sleep benefits come from optimizing our dark and light cues. LUMI is an effective way to finally sync the two. As the world's first dual function sleep mask, LUMI provides a solution to a problem. But it's more than just getting great sleep. LUMI provides you with more attention. And we believe when you have more attention, you can focus on doing more of the things that are important to you.
Design
LUMI is molded from soft neoprene foam, forming an eye cavity to allow for normal blinking and circulation. An adjustable strap allows you to comfortably adjust the mask to fit your face. LUMI's lightweight design comfortably conforms to your face and the interior is made from soft satin fabric. LED substrate is affixed to the inside of the mask, providing a soft light source for the sunrise sequence.
An alarm controller allows you to set your wake-up time and the light intensity.
We are designing LUMI to be compatible with the iPhone and other mobile devices. The LUMI+ model has a receiver that will allow you to set your wake-up time from your mobile device. We'll keep you updated on our progress.
So, here is where you come in.
Kickstarter is significantly improving the process for product development, allowing people like me to realize my dream. Designing products is a very involved process, especially with manufacturing and distributing. If you believe in the power of individuals bringing ideas to life, we want you to be part of LUMI's story.
We hope that you are inspired by LUMI and choose to support our project. Please help us share the word and tell your friends about what we're doing!
Please spread the word and consider preordering a LUMI for a friend or family member!
Stay Updated:
@lumimask
facebook.com/LUMIMask
Follow Our Team: @sheets @devanbeitel @tfhide
Morgan Gendel has a number of writing and producing credits to his names, but to Star Trek fans, he's most well known for his writing. He penned two episodes of Star Trek: The Next Generation. One of them was "Starship Mine" - a personal favorite of mine. If you haven't seen it, go stream it. It's basically Die Hard in space, with Picard in the Bruce Willis role. I love it.
But of course, the other episode that Gendel is famous for is "The Inner Light," where Picard is affected by an alien probe that allows him to live an entire lifetime in a dead civilization, where he has a wife and children and, after decades of subjective time, wakes up on the Enterprise after only a few minutes of real time have passed. The episode is a tour de force, thanks especially to the great performance of Patrick Stewart. As a result of the story and the acting, "The Inner Light" is widely regarded as being one of the best, if not the best episode of Star Trek: The Next Generation.
Now, over a decade later, Gendel has turned back to the story of Picard and the lost civilization of Kataan with "The Outer Light" - a webcomic being released over the next few weeks that continues Picard's story. You can read the first installment here and the second here. New installments will be coming every two weeks, and you can keep track of them at Gendel's blog here.
I had a chance to talk with Gendel about "The Inner Light" and its sequel last week. Here's what we discussed:
What's it like to have written what pretty much everyone says is one of the best hours of Star Trek?
I never get tired of hearing it. It's amazing to me because it's very far from a standalone episode - it really depends on what came before. It actually took a couple of years for me to realize it was a fan favorite. And after about 10 years, I realized that this was an evergreen story. A couple of years ago, I was encouraged to go to Star Trek conventions thanks to its popularity. So now I travel to conventions and talk about the making of this episode. I'm grateful.
Why did you want to revisit this story so many years later?
The simple answer: because I can. The technology has gotten to the point where I can afford to put this together. And once I started going to conventions and talking to fans, I realized that Picard never got closure on this. When you think about it, Picard is like a Holocaust survivor in the sense that he lived in entire lifetime and everyone he loved in it was killed. But in the show, in the next episode, it was like nothing had happened.
You pitched a sequel while the show was still on, right?
Well, I came up with the idea, but at the time they just said that they don't do sequels. So I didn't even get as far as pitching a sequel. That being said – all that my idea of twenty years ago has in common with the current story I'm working on with Andre Duza and Don Ellis Aguillo is the one line of concept of Picard meeting the real-life Eline.
Were you worried about the fan reaction to the sequel?
Actually, what's surprised me the most are the comments on Trekmovie.com that are nitpicking the look of the Enterprise. To me, this is the story I have in my head about how it played out. I'm not trying to replicate the TV show - I'm trying to use the characters and setting to continue telling the story. But a lot of the comments have been very positve. That said, I didn't start worrying about the fan reaction until after the first installment was online.
How many installments will there be?
I actually think of these as episodes - I'm not a comic book guy, so I'm writing the scripts as though I'm writing for TV. Right now we're planning on 11 or 12 episodes, being released about every two weeks.
Are you planning on monetizing this project?
Not a cent. This is a labor of love that I'm paying for out of my own pocket.
What else can we expect in future episodes of "The Outer Light" besides Picard coming to grips with meeting Eline?
One word: Romulans.
Follow me on Twitter or Facebook. Read my Forbes blog here.
Pharyngeal teeth of a goldfish
Pharyngeal teeth are teeth in the pharyngeal arch of the throat of cyprinids, suckers, and a number of other fish species otherwise lacking teeth.[1]
Many popular aquarium fish such as goldfish and loaches have these structures. Members of the genus Botia such as clown loaches are known to make distinctive clicking sounds when they grind their pharyngeal teeth. Grunts (family Haemulidae) are so called because of the sound they make when they grind them.[2] Molas are said to be able to produce sound by grinding their long, claw-like pharyngeal teeth.
The Chinese high fin banded shark (Myxocyprinus asiaticus) (family Catostomidae) has a single row of pharyngeal teeth with comb-like arrangements.[3] The Cape Fear shiner (family Cyprinidae) only has pharyngeal teeth, similar to the teeth of other omnivorous shiners.[4] The redear sunfish (family Centrarchidae) has thick pharyngeal teeth composed of hard, movable plates, which it uses to crush the exoskeletons of prey. The pharyngeal jaws of the moray eel (family Muraenidae) possess their own set of teeth. The dentary of the ghost knifefish species Sternarchogiton nattereri (family Apteronotidae) has upper and lower pharyngeal tooth plates bearing 9-11 and 7-9 teeth, respectively.
The mouth cone ("everted pharynx") of a possible new species of Meiopriapulus, a marine worm in the Priapulida, bears pharyngeal teeth.[5]
Fossils of the Yunnanozoon and Haikouella possess pharyngeal teeth.
The lower pharyngeal bones of cichlids also carry specialized teeth which augment their normal mandibular teeth in the breakdown of food.
The NC Dinos players pose at the team's New Year meeting at Masan Baseball Stadium in Changwon, South Gyeongsang Province, Monday. The
Dinos, who joined Korea's top professional baseball league starting in the 2013 season, placed third in the regular season last year. They will leave
for Arizona on Thursday to set up a spring training camp. / Yonhap
By Baek Byung-yeul
The 10 top professional Korean baseball clubs embark on overseas spring training this week ahead of their season openers on March 28.
To escape the severe cold winter in their homeland, the Korea Baseball Organization (KBO) clubs traditionally set up camps in warmer regions, such as the Pacific islands of Guam and Okinawa or the U.S. states of Florida and Arizona.
They will leave Korea Thursday and Friday and will strive to train in overseas camps for the next 50 days until their exhibition season begins on March 7.
The 2015 season will mark a new epoch in the history of the KBO as the KT Wiz will officially join the country's top baseball league, becoming its tenth team.
The KBO, which opened its inaugural season in 1982 with only six teams, added its ninth club, the NC Dinos, in 2013. The KT Wiz spent last season in the Futures League, the KBO's equivalent of the minors. They will set up their spring training camp in Japan's Miyazaki and Kagoshima.
Ryu Joong-il, manager for the Samsung Lions, center, and his team's players hold up their hands in a "fighting" pose during their New Year meeting at Gyeongsan Ball Park in Gyeongsan, North Gyeongsang Province, Monday. The reigning Korean Series champion Lions will set up spring training
camps in Guam and Okinawa. / Yonhap
Lions to train in Guam
The Samsung Lions, who won their fourth consecutive pennant and Korea Series crown last season, will set up their camp in Guam as usual.
After spending some 20 days there, the team will open its second training camp in Okinawa.
While the Lions manager Ryu Joong-il has declared the team will challenge for a fifth consecutive pennant, it will be by no means easy as the team lost three core members.
They include Rick van den Hurk, a right-handed starting pitcher, who recorded 13 wins and 4 losses while pitching 152 2/3 innings; veteran right-handed pitcher Bae Young-soo, who captured 8 wins and 6 losses in 133 2/3 innings; and left-handed relief pitcher Kwon Hyuk, who struck out 38 batters in 34 2/3 innings.
The 29-year-old van den Hurk, who also led the KBO in ERA and strikeouts, signed with Japanese pro baseball club the Softbank Hawks in December, while Bae and Kwon signed contracts with the KBO's Hanwha Eagles.
The Lions CEO Kim In called on his team's players to make the most of their ability and go beyond their expectations by "10 percent."
"For example, for a batter who recorded a .270 batting average last year. If he does 10 percent more, his average will be .300 this season. This is ‘the 10 percent more campaign' that I am accentuating. If everyone in the club does 10 percent more, I am sure that we can capture a fifth consecutive pennant," he said at a meeting in Gyeongsan, North Gyeongsang Province, Monday.
Can Eagles spread their wings and fly again?
The Hanwha Eagles will probably be one of the most watchable teams in the KBO as the team has inked veteran manager Kim Seung-keun.
The Eagles, the worst team in four of the past five seasons, will expect Kim, who's famous for his nickname "God of Baseball," to lift the team to loftier heights.
The 72-year-old Kim, who earned three Korean Series crowns when he was a manager of the SK Wyverns from 2007 to 2011, has 1,234 career wins for seven KBO clubs, which is the second-highest behind the Eagles previous manager Kim Euong-yong's 1,567 wins.
At Kim Seung-keun's request, the Eagles signed three notable free agent pitchers during this offseason ― Kwon and Bae from the Lions, and the Kia Tigers right-handed pitcher Song Eun-bum.
The newly formed Eagles will leave the country Thursday to set up their camp in Japan's Kochi until Feb. 14, and then move to Okinawa from Feb. 15 to March 3.
Five other baseball clubs ― the Nexen Heroes, who lost to the Lions in the Korean Series last year; the NC Dinos, who placed third in the regular season; the LG Twins, the Doosan Bears and the Lotte Giants ― will leave for Arizona for their training camps.
The SK Wyverns, who placed fifth last season, will stay in Florida and Okinawa, while the Kia Tigers, who finished eighth, will continue to train only in Okinawa.
Labor demanded Mr Abbott dump Mr Baker as his candidate for former minister Greg Combet's seat of Charlton over the "Mini-Mods" web forum. The forum, which has been pulled down since the criticism broke, featured a general discussion section with the banner: "Talk about anything you want - no censorship, no stress!" According to a report in the Daily Telegraph, the forum included jokes calling the Pope a paedophile, referring to women making love on pool tables and "Tit banter". In a statement issued late on Tuesday, Mr Baker said he had decided not to run as the Liberal candidate for Charlton. "I understand that while my name will still appear on the ballot paper, my campaign is over," he said.
"I deeply regret the posts made on my website and decided that it was not appropriate to continue as the party's candidate." NSW Liberal Party state director Mark Neeham said the party had accepted Mr Baker's resignation. "Consequently the party will not be represented in Charlton at the election," Mr Neeham said. An Australian Electoral Commission spokesman said electoral laws required that after nominations closed and the ballot paper order was drawn, "they are the ballot papers that are used for voting; no changes are made". The Liberal party disendorsed Pauline Hanson for the Queensland seat of Oxley in 1996, but the ballot papers had already been printed and she was elected with the party next to her name. The dumping meant she entered Parliament as an independent.
Labor currently holds the NSW seat of Charlton on a 12.7 per cent margin and Pat Conroy is running for the ALP. Mr Conroy was the deputy chief-of-staff to the retiring MP, former climate-change minister Greg Combet. Liberal sources said Mr Baker was extremely unlikely to win the seat despite his resignation - especially after the web forum controversy and with Mr Baker ceasing campaigning. At an earlier media event, Mr Abbott said he would be briefed on the issue, but noted Mr Baker had apologised for the comments. "He's done the wrong thing. To his credit he's pulled down the site. He has abjectly and quite properly apologised but, yep, he's done the wrong thing," he said. Mr Abbott had left the door open to potentially dumping Mr Baker as a candidate, saying he would review further information about the issue later on Tuesday.
"I'm going to receive a further briefing on this later today," Mr Abbott said. In a statement, the Labor campaign said Mr Baker's website "included offensive references about incest, domestic violence, racism and child abuse" and "jokes about having sex with strippers". "Mr Abbott has no option but to follow the lead of former prime minister John Howard. "Following the close of nominations in the 1996 election Mr Howard publicly 'disendorsed' the then Liberal candidate for Oxley Pauline Hanson after derogatory comments she had made," a Labor statement said. "Even though she would still appear on the ballot as a Liberal on polling day, Mr Howard said Ms Hanson would never be welcome in the Coalition party room."
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd had called on Mr Abbott to dump Mr Baker as a candidate, although he initially fumbled his lines. Mr Rudd said Mr Abbott should "show some leadership and man up" and remove the candidates for Dobell and McMahon (where Liberal candidate Ray King has come under fire over his appearance before the Wood Royal Commission). Loading The Prime Minister later admitted he meant to refer to Charlton and McMahon. With Judith Ireland
The father of the world wide web and some of the internet's most influential interests are joining forces to drive the cost of universal broadband access down and eliminate the world's digital divide.
Sir Tim Berners-Lee, Google, Facebook, Yahoo!, Microsoft, Intel and a number of other technology companies and suppliers will launch the Association for Affordable Internet on Monday.
Tim Berners-Lee says the bottleneck in universal broadband access is anti-competitive policies that keep prices unaffordable. Credit:Philippe Desmazes
The governments of Sweden and the US, as well as several charitable foundations and research organisations in the UK, Brazil, Africa and Latin America are also involved.
The group chose Nigeria as its launchpad highlighting the need for open, competitive and innovative broadband pricing in all markets. It wants to help access prices fall to below 5 per cent of monthly income worldwide, a target set by the UN Broadband Commission.
13 SHARES Share Tweet
When people drink beer, rescuing a dog does not usually come to mind.
Dirty Dog Squad, an independent rescue group based out of Venice Beach, adopts dogs from city and county shelters. After helping rehabilitate them, they set out to find them a proper home via an extensive application and home visits.
Normally selling t-shirts and all natural dog treats made out of spent grains from breweries to help pay for the rescue work, Dirty Dog Squad founder David Kaplowitz took his fundraising efforts to the next level with the Buy a Dog a Beer Festival.
With over 20 local craft breweries filling guests cups, Kaplowitz invited the Santa Clarita community out for an evening of fine beer drinking.
“We wanted to come up with a unique theme and an event that would help support our rescue group. We already had a fundraising campaign called ‘Buy a Dog a Beer' so the name just naturally flowed,” said Kaplowitz.
He hopes the funds earned from the festival will help replenish the general fund.
“Everytime we take a dog out of the shelter it costs us a minimum of several hundred dollars and often several thousand dollars,” he said.
At the steering wheel of the event was Andres Nuño, the event coordinator who has two rescue dogs of his own. Nuño came from Santa Barbara County to help make the day happen.
“This is a really big deal for [Dirty Dog Squad]. The amount of money they are going to make today. Imagine how many t-shirts you would have to sell to make the amount [they will make today],” said Nuño.
“We appreciate what [Kaplowitz] is doing because there are a lot of shelters [in LA County] that are kill shelters and he's actively finding those dogs and basically rescuing them… and then found new homes for them.”
Advertisement
On Saturday, Dirty Dog Squad and enFuego Events brought the two concepts together.
President Trump appears to have weakened his influence with the Senate and the FBI by firing James Comey as director of the agency. (Reuters)
Daniel W. Drezner is a professor of international politics at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University and a regular contributor to PostEverything
It has been more than 36 hours since President Trump fired FBI Director James B. Comey, and the tick-tock, leaks and diatribes about it have not abated. The hard-working staff here at Spoiler Alerts has devoured all of them, and has reached a pretty simple conclusion: Donald Trump does not understand how the federal government works.
Julian Sanchez gets at this point in Just Security:
Much has been made of Trump's willingness to flout longstanding political norms, but what's less often observed is that this appears to be as much a function of ignorance as brazenness. That is, it's not just that he's decided he can get away with breaking the rules — which thus far he has — but that he routinely seems to do so unwittingly, unaware of what the rules are. Many have expressed incredulity that the White House truly believed it could take this step without provoking a political firestorm; I find it all too plausible. As a result, they've been caught unprepared, without any credible story that would give members of his own party cover to defend the move with a straight face.
To be sure, Trump has the constitutional authority to fire Comey. I agree with Reason's Jacob Sullum that this is not a constitutional crisis. And other smart reporters like Politico's Jack Shafer or my colleague Dave Weigel do not even think this is a political crisis.
But Spoiler Alerts throws its lot in with colleague Alyssa Rosenberg, who shrewdly observed that, “Trump doesn't seem to recognize the difference between an ephemeral victory and a substantive one.” Sure, Trump has forced out Comey, and that's not nothing for him. In the process, however, he has weakened his influence with two competing sources of authority: the Senate and the FBI.
GOP control over the Senate is razor thin, as a vote today made clear:
Check the video, clearly a spiteful act, but I'll take it 😂pic.twitter.com/smgaDPmxI8 — GEOTRILL🌐🔥 (@delmoi) May 10, 2017
Nor is this a case of just one vote, or just one GOP senator. Because the GOP's margin is so small, it only takes a few recalcitrant GOP senators to gum up the works. And the gumming up has already started:
This is significant: McCain and Sasse have written a letter declaring their opposition to Trump's USTR nominee Robert Lighthizer. — Sahil Kapur (@sahilkapur) May 10, 2017
Is it possible that GOP senators will fall back into line? Sure, it's possible, if Trump was a normal politician. But I find it hard to envision Trump sweet-talking McCain into a more compliant attitude. And this will inevitably affect Trump's ability to replace Comey with a more pliant FBI director.
As for the FBI, voracious newsreaders might have noticed a few stories over the past day on how the rank and file are taking the news. The answer appears to be “not well.” Consider this story from The Daily Beast's Jana Winter and Betsy Woodruff:
“Everyone feels like there has been a death in the family,” said one counterterrorism agent. “We're basically sitting shiva,” said another agent, referring to the Jewish mourning period just after a funeral. At least a dozen agents posted photos on their private Facebook pages of themselves with Comey (or just of Comey). Some made those their temporary profile picture — a gesture agents usually reserve for when a colleague dies in the line of duty.
And then there's this from the Post's 30-source Comeypalooza story:
Within the Justice Department and the FBI, the firing of Comey has left raw anger, and some fear, according to multiple officials. Thomas O'Connor, the president of the FBI Agents Association, called Comey's firing “a gut punch. We didn't see it coming, and we don't think Director Comey did anything that would lead to this.'' Many employees said they were furious about the firing, saying the circumstances of his dismissal did more damage to the FBI's independence than anything Comey did in his three-plus years in the job. One intelligence official who works on Russian espionage matters said they were more determined than ever to pursue such cases. Another said Comey's firing and the subsequent comments from the White House are attacks that won't soon be forgotten. Trump had “essentially declared war on a lot of people at the FBI,” one official said. “I think there will be a concerted effort to respond over time in kind.”
So Trump has gotten rid of his immediate obstacle — Comey — but has created even more obstacles in the process. I might be a small-town political scientist, but it seems like this is not the best way to achieve political success.
In fairness to Trump, he might be able to weather this latest own-goal. Each leak from the FBI will potentially erode the prestige of that institution. And Republicans really, really want to pass conservative legislation, which they can do now that a Republican is president.
But as Kori Schake so eloquently notes at Foreign Policy, the costs of legislative quiescence to Trump's more controversial moves might be high.
Republicans in Congress ought perhaps also to wonder whether continued support for the president might ensure this really will be the only time in a generation Americans will entrust Republicans with both the legislature and executive branch. The White House is evidently banking on public indifference.
For any of this to matter after next week, Trump's unpopularity will have to start infecting the poll numbers of GOP members of Congress. If that happens, however — and it might — then the Trump administration's latest short-term political move will lead to its long-term political ruination.
Or, to put it more simply: when your most stalwart defender is Sebastian Gorka, you are probably losing the argument.
Share Pinterest
Email
The 2016 Fiat 500X, hot off its moment in the Super Bowl spotlight, will sticker for $20,900 including destination. That's for the base Pop trim -- Easy is $23,200, Trekking is $24,000, Lounge is $25,750 and the Trekking Plus is $28,000. It'll arrive in the second quarter of 2015.
The 500X rides on the same platform as the Jeep Renegade, and will gets two drive options: front-wheel drive (with Traction Plus) and all-wheel drive. Traction Plus improves grip on loose surfaces, according to FCA.
North American engine choices for front-drive gasoline-powered models include a 160-hp 1.4-liter turbo inline-four and a naturally aspirated 180-hp 2.4-liter inline-four. All-wheel drive models get the 2.4-liter engine. If you're buying a car with the smaller motor, you can choose between a six-speed manual and a nine-speed automatic transmission; cars with the bigger engine, including the all-wheel drive cars, get the latter transmission. All-wheel drive costs $1,900 extra.
The 500X is 167 inches in length, 70.8 inches wide and 63 inches tall. It's the same length as the 500L, a little bit wider and a little bit shorter in height. Cargo space measures 12.3 cubic feet behind the rear seats. It was designed at Centro Stile Fiat in Turin, Italy.
The 500X is offered 12 colors with eight designs for the wheels. It also comes with a drive “mood” selector that adjusts the engine, brakes, steering and transmission to whatever driving style you'd like.
Fans can now configure their own Fiat 500X at FiatUSA.com.
MANTECA, Calif., Sept. 12 (UPI) -- A California woman said she thought her Powerball lottery ticket was worth $1 and then $785 before a clerk hugged her and said the total was actually $785,000.
Denice Harvey, 58, of Manteca, said she was scanning her scratch-off tickets and draw game receipts at a lottery Check-A-Ticket kiosk when she came across one that didn't seem to say, "Sorry, not a winner."
"I'm blind, I can barely see," Harvey said.
She sought assistance from a clerk at the Oakdale store to take a closer look at the ticket from the July 30 drawing.
"I was telling him that I think I won a dollar. So he [scanned it] and his eyes got humongous! He came around [the counter] and picked me up and hugged me and said I won $785,000!" Harvey said. "I thought he said I won 785 dollars! Hey, I was [still] happy but he said, 'No! $785,000!' My legs went limp and here I am. I can't even win a bar of soap at a freaking baby shower!"
Harvey, who said she lost her home and car after her husband's recent death, said she already has plans for her winnings.
"I'm going to be able to buy a little house! You know, nothing fancy. All I care about is having a place for my children and grandchildren to come see me -- keep [the grandchildren] overnight!" she said.
Checking up on my posts from 2007 I noticed how I would evangelize some technologies as being the next wave of the web, and those should already be mainstream in 2009. Here are my thoughts on the matter, very subjective to my opinion and experiences.
Microformats
In 2009 I see large media websites and social networks to be adopting microformats, but corporate websites and such haven't really though about it. Webdesigners and Webdevelopers that deserve such titles are already implementing microformats in their pages because it's really simple to do so.
I believe traditional corporate developers don't really care about these technologies. They are not a requirement for their projects and therefore not worth the time. A good way of correcting the problem would be to have Java and .NET promote these technologies.
The problem with microformats is not the server implementation. Wordpress alone transforms a lot of websites and blogs into a semantic repository. Long-tail websites like Upcoming and LastFM also provide microformats for their content. The major issue I find is the lack of uses, and browser integration for those.
It's 2009 and none of the major browsers support the majority of microformats by default. It almost got into FF3 and it's somehow in IE8, but not at the point people actually use it. Another opportunity would be using hCard information for the default data when you register an account in a new website.
At least uFs are out there just waiting to be used. The reverse would be much worse! We just have to give tools for people and machines to use them.
OpenID
OpenID suffers from the same browser-support problems as microformats, but in this one I agree it's not browser-ready. There are few mainstream websites that support OpenID, and those that do have faulty implementations (usually the 1 account – 1 openid problem, or the problems in maintaining an UI for both traditional and openid logins).
Websites that support this technology are aimed at geeks or alpha-users go into the trouble of implementing OpenID. Others don't, and until a perfect UI is reached I wouldn't do it for a general user target.
OpenID is acceptable in a technical view, but when it comes to implement it may not be that simple (Google itself said they were taking their time to do it) and when it comes to UX the gap may be too big for the mom and dad kind of user.
What I happen to see a lot is Twitter/facebook/etc… login option. Since the majority of uber-geeks have accounts in those websites, it's easier to ask them to login in those websites than rather ask for an URL. You are what?
OpenSearch
OpenSearch hasn't evolved at all. FF, IE and Opera all support it (safari doesn't want to loose its simplicity, probably) and popular search engines also offer the description file (as well as this website). Users just don't use it at all, since it's easier to use Google with one or two extra keywords.
Maybe when Google's monopoly in online searches is at risk this might change.
OAuth
Of all three, this is the one that is working the best. It's aimed at tech people, so with a few libraries, it's a nice way of dealing with authentication of web APIs. I actually think it limits the developer to include a way of accepting the token in a web view, but most developers don't seem to complain.
Asking for user and password is not secure, and people are starting to know that. Developers know that as well, and therefore want to offer a secure alternative. OAuth is the answer, and it's looking pretty good. Even in Twitter mashups!
There have been a small but not insignificant number of reactionary murders in Dublin and on the island of Ireland since the 1920s. I have tried to compile a list of these here. They are divided up into areas of anti-Semitism, homophobia and racism.
I have purposely not included murders in regard to nationality (Irish/English) or religion (Catholic/Protestant), as due to this island's history, these are a completely different matter.
Obviously not all murders of ‘foreign nationals' in Ireland can be considered ‘racist'. Those that have been included all had a racial element to them though.
Anti-Semitism:
31 October 1923: Bernard Goldberg, Dublin
Golderg (42), a Manchester jeweller and father of four, was shot on St Stephen's Green after three men had stopped him and his brother Samuel and demanded their names.
14 November 1923: Emmanuel Kahn, Dublin
Dublin-born Kahn (24) of Lennox Street, was gunned down in Stamer Street in Portobello as he returned home after an evening playing cards. David Millar, who was with him in the Jewish Club in Harrington Street, was also shot in the shoulder but managed to stagger home.
The principal instigator of these two murders was Commandant James Patrick Conroy, who claimed to have resigned from the army in December 1924 because he disagreed with the policy of the then government. He fled to Mexico and then to the United States, along with with two other suspects, after the incidents. No-one was ever convicted. A curious footnote to the whole affair was found in remarks in the Dail in February 1934, when Fianna Fail finance minister Sean McEntee claimed that one of the killers was walking free, and was a member of the fascist-style Blueshirts organisation.
Sexuality:
3 June 1979: Anthony McCleave, Belfast
McLeave was murdered in one of the city's best known ‘cruising areas'. He was found with his head rammed onto a spike on a protective bollard outside the fire station on Chichester Street. The RUC closed the case within twenty-four hours but was it reopened after a campaign by the Northern Ireland Gay Rights Association (NIGRA) which was backed by the McCleave family. No-one was ever charged with his death.
8 September 1982: John Roche, Cork
Roche (29), a gay man, was murdered by Michael O'Connor in the Munster Hotel in Cork City. The victim, who worked in the hotel as a night porter, was found tied to a chair in one of the bedrooms. He had been stabbed in the chest with a 15cm (6″ ) knife. Repulsed by the victim's alleged advances O'Connor stabbed Roche, telling him “Your gay days are over”. Michael O'Connor was found by a jury to be not guilty of murder but guilty of manslaughter.
November 1982: Henry McLarnon, Ballymena, Co. Antrim
McLarnon (22), father of two, was murdered by Richard John Nicholl in Ballymena. In court, Nicholl said that McLarnon had lured him to the quarry where he had made a sexual advance. In response, he stabbed McLarnon with a work tool. There was controversy at the trial when Nicholl was convicted of the lesser charge of manslaughter and received a two-year suspended sentence. In 2002, Nicholl took his own life.
21 January 1982: Charles Self, Dublin
Self (33), a RTE set designer originally from Glasgow, was murdered in his flat on Brighton Avenue, Monkstown. He was found with knife wounds to his chest and neck. The investigation led to almost 1,500 gay men being questioned, photographed and fingerprinted at Pearse Street Garda Station. For many in the gay community, it felt like the police were more interested in compiling dossiers on gay men rather than solving the brutal murder. No-one was ever charged.
9 September 1983: Declan Flynn, Fairview Park, Dublin
Flynn (31), an Aer Rianta worker, was beaten to death by a group of five teenagers in a ‘gay-bashing' incident in Fairview Park. The gang had been responsible for a spate of attacks on gay men in previous weeks and it emerged that they used the park to target members of the gay community. As Flynn lay dying, £4 from his pocket and his watch was stolen. In court, one of the teenagers admitted that “we were all part of the team to get rid of the queers from Fairview Park”. The five male teenagers were all released on a suspended manslaughter charge with Judge Sean Gannon saying “This could never be regarded as murder”.
7 February 1997: David J. Templeton, Belfast
Templeton (43) was a minister of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland who was murdered after he was ‘outed' as a gay man by the Sunday Life newspaper. Three men wearing balaclavas, believed to have been UVF members, entered his home in north Belfast and beat him with baseball bats with spikes driven through them. He died in hospital several weeks later.
(Note: Some websites list Darren Bradshaw, a gay man and RUC officer, murdered in 1997 by the INLA as a homophobic murder. However, it is probably fair to say that he was killed because of his occupation rather than his sexuality?)
7 September 2002: Ian Flanagan, Belfast
Flanagan (30), a civil servant, was battered with a wheel brace and stabbed with a kitchen knife in the grounds of Barnett's Demesne park. His two killers ‘deliberately set out to target a member of the gay community'. Raymond Taylor was sentenced to 13 years and Trevor Peel was given 14 years.
3 December 2002: Aaron (Warren) McCauley, Belfast
McCauley (54), a nurse for over 30 years at Muckamore Abbey hospital, was lured and battered to death in a well-known ‘cruising' spot. He was found in an alley just 30 yards from the Church Lane toilets and died two days later without regaining consciousness. The attack was believed to have been motivated by homophobia. His injuries consisted of a blow to the side of the head and another to the throat. Nobody was ever charged.
23 March 2008: Shaun Fitzpatrick, Dungannon, Co. Tyrone
Fitzpatrick (32), a supermarket manager, was kicked to death after leaving Donaghy's Bar by two homophobic Lithuanian men. The court heard that when Mr Fitzpatrick's body was found, he had been beaten so savagely that paramedics thought he had been shot. The pair were sentenced to to life imprisonment.
5 February 2012: Andrew Lorimer, Lurgan, Co. Armagh
Lorimer (43), a former canoeing instructor and security guard, was kicked and beaten to death with a hammer in his own flat in Portlec Place. Three men were charged with the ‘homophobic murder'.
Race:
24 December 1982: Abousef Abdussalem Salim, Limerick
Salim (21), a Libyan trainee airplane pilot, was stabbed in the head with a screwdriver by a Limerick man who screamed ‘nigger' and ‘bastard' before the attack at a taxi rank on Thomas Street. The attacker was sentenced to five years penal servitude for manslaughter.
24 June 1996: Simon Tang, Carrickfergus, Co. Antrim
Tang (27), a Chinese businessman, was beaten and robbed as he left his takeaway business in Carrickfergus. Described by police as a ‘racist attack', the father of two had his watch and the night's takings stolen. He was taken to hospital but later died from his injuries. In 2002, two men were remanded in custody charged with the murder but they were later released. No-one has been convicted of the killing.
27 January January 2002: Zhao Liu Tao, Dublin
Tao (29), a Chinese student of English, was attacked by a five-member gang in Beaumont, on the northside of the city. The gang were reported as making racist taunts and a fracas followed. One of the youths struck Mr Zhao with a metal bar. He died three days later in Beaumont Hospital. An 18-year-old youth was sentenced to four years detention, the last two years were suspended because of the perpetrators age and the fact that he had no previous convictions.
29 August 2002: Leong Ly Min, Dublin
Min (50), who had been living in Dublin since 1979 after fleeing Vietnam, was assaulted in Temple Bar. He suffered head injuries and later died in hospital. Two men were charged in relation to this crime. At the time it was reported by the media that there might have been racist insults used during the attack.
23 February 2010: Pawel Kalite and Marius Szwajkos, Dublin
Kalite (28) and Szwajkos (27), Polish nationals, were racially abused before being stabbed in the head with screwdrivers on Benbulben Road, Drimnagh. Two Dublin teenagers are currently serving mandatory life sentences.
2 April 2010: Toyosi Shittabey, Dublin
Shittabey (15), a talented footballer originally from Nigeria, died after being stabbed in Tyrrelstown, Dublin 15. A row with “racist undertones” began outside the house of Paul Barry at Mount Garrett Rise between Paul, his brother Michael and a group of black males and white females after one of the females asked Paul for a cigarette lighter and he had refused. Believing a phone was taken by the group, Mr Barry and his brother Paul went into his house to fetch a knife and then pursued them in a car. They encountered the group of teenagers at a roundabout in Tyrrelstown. Shittabey, known as “Toy”, urged his friends to walk away again but was stabbed in the heart by Paul Barry The two brothers were charged with murder. Paul Barry (40) committed suicide the day before the trial was due to begin. His brother Michael (26) was acquitted because it was his brother inflicted the stab wound. It transpired that Paul had been involved in another racist knife attack ten years previously.
NEW GAME ANNOUNCEMENTS
RELEASE DATE UPDATES
NEW GAME MEDIA
LOCALIZATION UPDATES
NEW GAME INFO
Here's the latest update folksI'll have another update tomorrow that will include this week's new releases and more of the latest news that you may have missed from the last few days. Enjoy!Aquaplus announcedfor the Vita. The game is a hybrid of visual novel & simulation RPG is coming out in Japan on September 24. Not many screens at the moment, though Aquaplus revealed a live action trailer. has been announced for the Vita by Prototype. The game is another visual novel for the Vita and is scheduled for Japan sometime in 2015. This game is an enhanced port of the PSP version.*Another upcoming game from Prototype for the Vita (also a visual novel & an enhanced version of a PSP port) -*Compile Heart's visual novelwill be hitting Japan on July 30. Here's a new video of the opening of the game. from Alchemist & Inti Creates (Mighty No. 9, Koji Igarashi's upcoming game, Mega Man Zero games, Mega Man 9 + 10) are releasing the action game in Japan on August 6. Here's a new trailer is scheduled to release on the Vita on September 3., Bandai Namco's upcoming Experience-developed dungeon RPG now has a Japanese release date - July 30. Here's a new trailer. has already been released for iOS devices and the survival horror game is shaping up nicely for a summer release on the Vita with two new game modes and extra content. Have a look at the new trailer from Bandai Namco is nearly out in Japan (in 10 days). The mech action game based on the anime has a new 5 minute trailer. , the upcoming action game from Bandai Namco based on the anime and manga has new screens to be shared (as well as the debut trailer will come out in the west, Koei Tecmo has confirmed. The game is an enhanced version of the Vita game, Deception IV: Blood Ties. The awesome looking trap simulator will be coming out digitally on July 14th in North America and July 17th in Europe. Check out the live action trailer. has received a new preview up at Gematsu full of new gameplay and character details. It is the next game from the producer of the Senran Kagura games and is due in Japan later in the year.*Junichi Yoshizawa, producer ofsaid at a recent fan event in Japan that a sequel very much depends on fan demand. He uses Oreshika: Tainted Bloodlines as an example of a game that came out as a result of fan demand.*The visual novel game on the Vita based on the Tokyo Ghoul anime has been renamed to(previously known as Tokyo Ghoul Masquerader). Here are some screens:
In North Syracuse, Matt Dougherty is the embodiment of the phrase "Dance like nobody's watching."
Of course, he's fully aware that anyone who drives by the intersection of Route 11 and Bear Road around dinnertime is watching -- and loving the show he puts on.
Dougherty is a "shakerboarder" for Little Caesar's Pizza, more commonly known as a sign shaker, who promotes the pizza chain's North Syracuse location during the summer. Most days of the week, people can get a glimpse of his performances from 4 to 7 p.m.
"No, not really," he says when asked if he's had any training or lessons. "I kind of picked it up on my own. I dance with the sign, I do tricks with the sign, I throw it up and flip it in the air, stuff like that."
His managers hope it'll draw customers to the restaurant, tucked into a shopping plaza across the street from a Verizon store and a Dunkin' Donuts. In fact, the Little Caesar's there would be hard to notice without Dougherty's dancing, especially with competition nearby like Twin Trees III, Utica Pizza Company, CopperTop Tavern, Commisso's, Papa John's and Pizza Hut.
Sign shakers are hardly new, but they can mean big business. Last year, one Idaho restaurant owner said 60 percent of his customers come in because they saw the shakerboarder.
Not everyone is a fan, as Florida towns like Cape Coral and St. Petersburg have tried -- and failed -- to ban sign shakers. Drivers have complained that the distractions can cause accidents, but Dougherty says he sees more positive responses than negative.
"People are honking at me, waving at me, telling me I'm doing a good job, and giving me a thumbs up or a high five," the 18-year-old Cicero resident says.
"The funniest thing [that's happened to me] is pretty much every week, there's this one guy who always passes by me and he has this recorder and every time he passes by me he, like, plays it at me. Sometimes he has a flute, but usually a recorder, and he serenades me every time he passes by."
For Dougherty, though, dancing is just a hobby and sign shaking is just a summer job. He soon leaves to start his junior year at SUNY Oneonta, where he's majoring in graphic design. (Yes, he's 18 and already a junior in college after being home schooled and then completing two years at Onondaga Community College.)
Other sign shakers will attempt to fill the void he leaves, but Dougherty's not impressed by most. He picked up sign spinning, flips and other tricks by watching others, but as anyone who's passed by a despondent-looking "going out of business" sign holder can attest, many just stand there.
"Don't just dance with the sign, and don't just spin it either," Dougherty advises other shakerboarders. He recommends using a variety of displays to draw more attention -- and also to keep himself entertained.
And what keeps him going? Dougherty listens to an iTunes playlist on his headphones filled with pop, hip-hop and electronic dance music: "Pitbull, Skrillex and Usher -- that kind of stuff."
Though Dougherty leaves for college soon, Central New Yorkers can drive by to see him perform in person this Tuesday and Wednesday from 4 to 7 p.m. at the Little Caesar's at 709 N Main St. in North Syracuse.
If nothing else, it'll remind you of the importance of having fun and the words of William W. Purkey: "You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching, love like you'll never be hurt, sing like there's nobody listening, and live like it's heaven on earth."
She might be worshiped by Chinese women for her beauty and style but the European women who attended the W20 Summit on Tuesday were having none of it and promptly booed Ivanka Trump when she had the audacity to say that her father is a champion of women.
“Grab them by the pussy.”
To be fair, we've heard this song before and should be well aware that she is very much her father's daughter, complete with the same delusional relationship with the truth. And even if these lies come in a much prettier package, they're still lies. The panel's moderator, Miriam Meckel, editor of German business magazine WirtschaftsWoche, challenged Ivanka about the things her father has said about women and how this “might leave one questioning whether he is such an empowerer for women.” Ivanka truly, actually, pulled a Donald and blamed it on the media. If you find that as unbelievable as it sounds, you can read and watch the whole thing for yourself here.
“It's OK to call my daughter a piece of ass.”
Some of my friends didn't like the booing and perhaps it would have been inappropriate had she just been first daughter, but then if that were the case, she wouldn't have been there. This former model and businesswomen (with just a little help from daddy, of course) with zero political experience is now installed in the West Wing as an unpaid advisor to her father and even has a security clearance.
Her journey to Germany showcased this new official role as she represented POTUS abroad by sitting on a panel about female entrepreneurship side by side with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, International Monetary Fund managing director Christine Lagarde and Queen Maxima of the Netherlands. Merkel reportedly invited her to participate on the panel as way to further develop a relationship with her as a backchannel to the president.
“She got schlonged.”
Ivanka Trump embodies a right-wing fantasy of what feminism should be. In fact, it's a brilliant tactic: instead of a full frontal assault on feminism, a la feminazi, they claim the term via hollowed out platitudes about women's empowerment. Then all they need is the perfect spokesperson, a wealthy, pretty and well-dressed blonde who dutifully pays lip service to putting motherhood above all else.
This fake feminism is infuriating and dangerous. It undermines the slow slog towards progress we've been making in favor of less funding for women's healthcare, a nearly all-male presidential cabinet and a president who not only says crude things about women but has been accused of sexual assault and harassment more than 15 times.
“If Ivanka weren't my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her.”
While I want very much to see more women in politics regardless of their ideological leanings, I also reserve the right to go just as hard after women I disagree with as the men. Politics is a blood sport and much to her credit, Ivanka showed her ability to don thick skin in the face of booing despite her novice status. Calling out the sexism that we watch female candidates face over and over is one thing but supporting an anti-feminist in feminist clothing, just because she's a woman, is very definition of voting with our vaginas.
“Such a nasty woman.”
In the bleary-eyed post-election haze, Ivanka Trump seemed like the least of our worries. She clearly had her father's ear and seemed to be a force for moderation. We noted how she moved in cosmopolitan, New York circles and was friends with Chelsea Clinton and theorized that she'd end up doing her stepmother's neglected first lady duties. But we now know that Ivanka Trump doesn't want to be first lady, she wants to be secretary of state. She's already the preferred backchannel to Trump of important world leaders such as Angela Merkel and Justin Trudeau because they recognize her usefulness. Don't be fooled by her perfect smile, fashion prowess and calmly spoken complete sentences, Ivanka is Trump's more attractive mini-me. She deserves to get booed.
Another new brand to the Got A Ukulele reviews bench. This time from a Chinese brand called Amumu and their all solid acacia concert ukulele. Also known as the AM-ASAC-C.
are
is
Closing schools, vacant jobs and outmigration: the impacts of an aging population on Newfoundland and Labrador's small towns and rural areas are well documented.
But a new report from Ottawa is providing a glimpse of an aging population's impacts on the province's finances.
"The government is going to have to do something," said Mostafa Askari, the assistant parliamentary budget officer.
Long-term problems
The parliamentary budget officer's 2017 fiscal sustainability report, released Oct. 5, takes a look at how the current spending and borrowing patterns of the country and all of its provinces would hold up for the next 75 years.
Comparing national or provincial debt with the size of its economy, it looks down the road to see whether the government's current financial practices would land it deeper in debt in 2091, or whether it'd come out okay.
The report looks at whether a current government's spending and borrowing practices would sustain it for the next 75 years. (David Donnelly/CBC)
It's not necessarily a forecast, but a fiscal check-in.
"The idea here is to give the policymakers a sense that well, do you have a long-term problem or not in terms of your fiscal structure?" said Askari.
Canada is in good shape, according to the report.
But Newfoundland has a long-term problem. And it's the worst in the country.
Mind the gap
When comparing the provincial debt to the size of the economy, the report found that the government's current spending and borrowing habits were unsustainable.
In order to get to a sustainable level with the current fiscal plans, the government would have to increase revenue or reduce spending by about $2 billion.
$2 billion is about 6.5 per cent of Newfoundland and Labrador's GDP. (istock)
"What the Newfoundland government needs to do is raise revenues somehow, which is not easy, or reduce spending, or a combination of the two, by about $2 billion on a permanent basis," he said.
That's equivalent to a 26 per cent increase in taxes, or a 21 per cent decrease in spending.
That $2-billion gap between current operations and sustainable operations is the biggest gap of all the provinces.
Oil won't solve all the problems
The problem, says Askari, is the province's changing demographics.
"I think the main problem in Newfoundland [and Labrador] really is the aging of the population and the loss of population," he said. "Which is really a structural issue for the province."
"It's a major challenge for the government and I know it's extremely difficult to deal with that."
As the province's people get older, they'll need more health-care services.
It's a problem not even oil revenues can solve, he said.
"If the oil prices come back, maybe some help will come from that and that will raise the revenues," he said. "But I don't think that's going to really solve all the problems."
In particular, it won't help the extra spending on health care that goes along with an aging population. The report estimates that the province will have to bump its health-care expenses by almost seven per cent of its current GDP — the largest increase in the country.
"The loss of population will lead to lower economic growth and then the increase in spending as a result of the aging of the population, those two will lead to a continuous and rising fiscal deficit and, as a result, rising public debt in Newfoundland," he said.
No. 1 in 'the worst possible things'
"We're No. 1 in virtually all of the worst possible things," said Keith Storey, head of the Population Project, an initiative based out of Memorial University's Harris Centre that looks at the province's future demographics.
Two grim reports have come out of the project, showing the impact the aging population will have on the province's rural areas. Storey is not surprised to hear it will also have a severe financial toll.
"This is a train that's been coming down a long track for a long time," he said.
Dr. Keith Storey is the research director for the Harris Centre's population project. (Memorial University )
Adapting health care to the changing demographics is of particular interest to Storey and his team. They've just launched a project looking at how the needs of patients in Labrador are changing as they age.
And though Newfoundland and Labrador's population is getting older faster than any other place in Canada, Storey said there are other places in the world that have coped well and figured out a way to pay for it.
Germany, for example, has regions where the people are getting older faster than in Newfoundland and Labrador, said Storey. Those regions have figured out innovative ways to keep elderly people in their homes rather than in expensive, specialized facilities.
The province needs a plan
There are even opportunities for new types of jobs, new types of technological advances and new health-related businesses, said Storey. But in order to turn things around and make the most of the situation he agrees with Askari: the province needs a plan.
The Harris Centre's Population Project reports predict many rural communities will become much smaller over the next couple of decades. (Sherry Vivian/CBC)
But as it stands now, he said he hasn't seen or heard of much planning, fiscal or otherwise.
"We've been seeing these trends since the mid-'80s; it's just that there hasn't been an attempt to have this discussion and debate about what we're going to have to do about it."
Britain's national sperm bank has urged men to prove their manhood and donate sperm with a new 'superman' campaign – after admitting it has just nine registered donors.
A year after it was established the UK's national sperm bank has failed to take off, and chief executive Laura Witjens has revealed the new campaign starting in September is a copy of the booming sperm banks of Denmark which market themselves by appealing to male vanity.
She told The Guardian: 'If I advertised saying 'Men, prove your worth, show me how good you are', then I would get hundreds of donors.
Britain's national sperm bank has urged men to prove their manhood and donate sperm
'That's the way the Danish do it. They proudly say, this is the Viking invasion, exports from Denmark are beer, lego and sperm. It's a source of pride.'
Witjens said the 'superman' theme to be used by her promotional campaign had a serious message - donors must ideally have exceptionally strong sperm in order for it to have the best chance of surviving the freezing and thawing process.
That is one of the reason the clinic has so few on its books after almost a year. Ms Witjens said if 100 men come through the door, around 10 will come through the screenings and on average only one will actually be coming a donor.
Getting an approved donor on the books requires a man to come to the clinic twice a week for up to four months, refraining from sex or masturbation for two days before each visit and then be tested again after six months. And they are paid just £35 a session.
Cultured Magazine – Issue 01:
The Real People & Stories Behind Game Development
This magazine aims to educate a wider variety of people about video game development and the people behind some of today's most interesting and thought provoking games, as well as those pioneering new concepts in the industry. This magazine is written for those who have no previous knowledge of the game development industry.
The first part of the magazine is focused on three different development studios (Capybara Games, Double Fine Productions and Telltale Games). In these sections, you'll learn about where the studios came from, their actual development process, some of the games they are working on and have made before, as well as what they are doing that is unique. After the studio feature, there are personal profiles on one of the creative minds at each studio—something that brings a much more personal side to the development industry.
The final part of the magazine takes a look at the Game Developer's Conference, an industry cornerstone, its history and what it does for the industry.
Issue 01 (Optimized for iPad & mobile PDF devices) – 4.5MB, Free, Digital
Issue 01 (Landscape view for Laptops, etc) – 4.5MB, Free, Digital
Buy Hard Copy of Cultured Magazine – Issue 01 – $13.50
The White House is expected by the Associated Press to announce a slew of response mechanisms tomorrow, following an explosive report released by the New York Times detailing alleged extensive hacking of US companies by a secret Chinese cyberwarrior group.
The People's Liberation Army's Unit 61398, provided that security firm Mandiant has its facts straight – and few outside the Chinese government think they do not – has broken into computer systems of larger American corporations, and key infrastructure elements.
The Chinese government has pushed back against the report, stating that hacking is illegal, it doesn't take part in it, and that the United States is aggressively invading its computing systems. That doesn't seem unlikely, but no report such as the Times' publishing of Mandiant's claims has been put forth.
The AP's report specifically details “fines, penalties and other trade restrictions as initial, more-aggressive steps” that may be taken, in the wake of the report.
It's one thing to have sporadic incidents, but that the Chinese military has a unit in place that invades companies such as Coca-Cola when it is in negotiations with Chinese interests demonstrates that such incursions are commonplace. The United States has long butted heads with China over intellectual property and knock-off goods.
Cybersecurity legislation, the sort of thing designed to prevent this sort of issue, has been festering in Congress for some time now. The House, in a fit of backwards-thinking, reintroduced the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act (CISPA) without new provisions for consumer privacy. That bill was flat ignored in the Senate, and had a veto-threat hung around its neck. The President has issued a lengthy cybersecurity executive order, but it has limited purview.
In short, from the perspective of staving off more such attacks, the United States is talking some and doing nothing. However, the government might increase the size of the stick and the frequency of its swing in formally responding to cyberattacks. China's response will be a key indicator to watch.
Top Image Credit: futureatlas.com
Read next: Tweetbot for Mac adds thumbnail support for Vine and Flickr, new menubar icon options and more
Mumbai, Dec 21: The Indian Super League football tournament, the inaugural season of which ended on Saturday (December 20) with Atletico de Kolkata crowned as champions, will have September 15-December 15 windows kept open for the second edition.
“We had the September 15-December 15 period as the window for this year's ISL but the tournament could start only in October. We will maintain the same window for the future edition,” said All India Football Federation's secretary Kushal Das. Das hailed the tournament, a unique product in the world, as “very good” and said ISL has raised the standard of play as well as helped in improving football infrastructure in the country, adding that it will have a cascading effect on the upcoming I-League too.
“ISL was very good. The standard of play was high and it helped the Indian players to do well too by playing with international players and learning from top coaches. It has improved football infrastructure. It was a success from all fronts. There would be positives for I-League too,” Das added.
Das said for next season there would not be any draft selection process to pick the players by the teams which have been given the liberty of choosing their own players.
“There won't be a draft system. Yes, there could be brand-new teams (players whose contract with the respective teams have ended). At the moment we are not sure about the salary cap,” he said. About I-League, Das said there would be two matches per day whose start times would be 4.30 PM and 7 PM.
The Boston Consulting Group report was released in April this year, a week after the ACN offices were raided. A spokeswoman for Boston Consulting has previously said the report was completed in 2015 using publicly available source material.
Greens NSW MP David Shoebridge asked for information about the report including its cost and the government brief given to Boston Consulting. NSW Greens MP David Shoebridge. Credit:Max Mason-Hubers Despite being able to release relevant information, subject to some personal and private business information being redacted, the application was rejected because of Boston Consulting's objections to the information being released. "Due to third party objections, other parts of the documents cannot be released until the end of the appeal period and the finalisation of any resultant action," TAFE chief operating officer Glen Babington said. "I consulted with the affected third party and they objected to the disclosure of most of this information."
Mr Shoebridge said he was concerned the government had refused to release any information about how public money had been spent on the basis of the private consultants' objections. NSW Skills Minister John Barilaro Credit:Louise Kennerley "This is a private company that has produced a dodgy report on TAFE and they now want to prevent the public finding out how much taxpayer money they were given and what their riding instructions were," Mr Shoebridge said. "Something is wrong in the state's FOI laws when a consulting firm can take countless thousands from taxpayers, deliver a highly partisan and flawed report, and then try and hide from public scrutiny. "It is a fair question to ask whether or not Boston Consulting were given grossly flawed assumptions by the Baird government, or if they dreamed up their flawed comparisons on their own."
The Australian Consumer and Competition Commission has alleged the Australian Careers Network acted unconscionably by enrolling students with intellectual disabilities and people in Aboriginal communities who were saddled with $18,000 government loans. The Boston Consulting Report said TAFE NSW's cost structure is "uncompetitive". NSW Teachers Federation president Maurie Mulheron has criticised the Boston Consulting Report as a "flawed hatchet job". "Boston Consulting Group is renowned as being hired guns to government to do a demolition job on public services," he said. "The report was released 15 months after it was written. It was a poorly researched and politically-loaded report." A spokeswoman for TAFE NSW said it is processing freedom of information application from Mr Shoebridge and has issued a decision to grant access to information.
"That decision is subject to legislated review rights of a third party that TAFE NSW is statutorily bound to observe," the spokeswoman said. Boston Consulting Group declined to comment.
While machine translation is a technical marvel, it appears that it is not going to push aside professional translation services anytime soon.
Let us find out why.
1. Even Perfectly Bilingual Humans Struggle to Put Out Perfect Translation
Even though professional translators are not walking form of dictionaries, they are better than plain old bilingual people in that they understand that any translation job demands more than just understanding of two languages. They try to do better than creating one-to-one equivalencies from one language to another. In crafting meaningful phrases and appropriate sentences, professional translators recreate language in another form so they have the same and equivalent impact as the original. More often than not, they think of novel ways of expressing terms, and to be able to so, they draw from their lifetime experience of living in to cultures. As you would know, machines cannot do that.
2. Machine Translation's Quality is Not out of the World
Assuming that machines can come close to achieving human translation quality, it is still not clear which version they would emulate. For instance, Give a piece of text to 50 professional human translators and you will get 50 different pieces of translated text. Which one is the best in terms of less number of errors, better reproduction of original text etc? This problem sounds similar to asking a person to pick the best rendition of a sound track when sung by a number of different singers. You may argue that one artist had perfect pitch, while another hit a flat note. Anyway, your choice will be prejudiced. The beauty of human language expression lies in its diversity, which makes everything a bit more complicated. That being said, this diversity is a necessity as well.
In contrast, machine translation can present only limited options with the quality of translation, even though it can deal with complexities to an extent. In other words, their output is normally quite simplistic for the complexities associated with typical translation jobs.
3. Context Holds the Key
Most languages in this world, like English for example, have specific words that can imply different meanings depending on the context. This is why context matters the most in any form of translation be it human or machine. Peter Gilliver, the lexicographer of the Oxford English Dictionary, stated that just the verb-form of the word “run” has just about 645 different meanings. The question is- can a machine learn all these meanings for a particular word in not only one language, but two?
Humans can use context to good effect to deduce meaning of a word. When we try to figure out the meaning of a word, we think not just of that word in particular, but how that word interacts with the others around it. It takes great ability of professional human translators to handle all the combinations and permutations surrounding the complexity of the word and the other words with which it interacts. Apparently, machines are surely not going to develop the knack that is required to work out different contexts and the different meanings that a single word has in each context. Not anytime soon.
If it wasn't enough that John Cook dresses himself up as a Nazi in his SkS uniform on his forum, now we have him caught in what looks to be identity theft of a well known scientist.
A WUWT reader writes via email:
I thought I might ask you for your comment on this before I rush to judge John cook. The Reference Frame: Identity theft: the thief of Lubos_Motl turns out to be a well-known man Specifically, I'm curious: 1) Why john would wish to post comments anywhere under any circumstances using another persons name? 2) How many other times has he done this? 3) Does he intend to do this again? Thanks for your time.
This isn't a brush away issue that he can ignore, as Dr. Lubos Motl found out yesterday, John Cook has been using the name of Dr. Lubos Motl to post comments that Dr. Motl has NOT written.
Dr. Motl writes:
Today, one hour ago, was the first time when I was seeing these pages but interestingly enough, you may find lots of things over there posted by Lubos_Motl. And this Lubos_Motl happens to use the e-mail address jc@sks… and the same IP addresses as another, less prolific participant of those discussions, John Cook! ;-)In the first thread – including comments about the possible influence of the Sun on the hockey stick and exchanges about a planned alarmists' letter to Anthony Watts analyzing the meaning of the word “denier” – we read:
John Cook: … If a few more agree with the idea of this blog post (noting it won't directly engage Watts or even mention him, it'll be a general discussion post) and the direction I propose we go with the d-word issue, I'll have a crack at writing it over the next day. EDIT: sorry, accidentally posted this under my Lubos_Motl username, sorry for any confusion 🙁 … Tim Curtis: would you please stop posting as Lubos Motl. There is reason to doubt his sanity, so I don't like seeing his name. Further, it is his name, and therefore one you are not entitled to use. … Rob Honeycutt: John… You freak me out every time Lubos Motl's name pops up! … John Cook: Sorry about the Lubos thing. Was posting some Lubos comments for the UWA experiment and forgot to log back in as John Cook. For the record, if just one or two of you SkSers jumped over to the Technical Forum and posted some comments to the 4 Experiment Conditions, I'd get my 10 comments and wouldn't have to log in as Lubos anymore. Only one or two more comments required to get the quota. Just some incentive for you 🙂 EDIT: one of the conditions now has 10 comments, so only 3 more threads (with 2 of them only requiring one more comment). So Lubos very close to being put to bed 🙂 EDIT: only one more thread to go…
Minutes before this September 26th, 2011 commitment, we were reading these comments in the other threads:
Lubos_Motl: Ocean acidification is a strong sign that humans are raising CO2 levels. But it's also a grave environmental concern as the acidification is causing damage to coral reefs which are some of the most diverse ecosystems on the planet. Adding insult to injury, the increased CO2 causes warming which is causing further damage to the coral reefs through bleaching. Corals provide both evidence for man-made global warming and concern over its impacts. Lubos_Motl: The past tells us much about what our future holds in store for us. In the past, when the Earth was warmer than it is now, sea levels were metres higher than current levels. So just on the sea level front alone, we can expect severe impacts on the vast majority of the human population living on coastlines. The past also describes these concerning feedback events, where warmer temperatures lead to further release of greenhouse gases. We're already seeing this start to happen in the Arctic, with methane bubbling from the permafrost and methane clathrates. The past paints a vivid picture of our future and it's a picture of great concern.
Well, you can figure out that these paragraphs were written by a scientifically illiterate imbecile rather than Luboš Motl – because you are a TRF reader – but what about others? In Parts 2–4 of the other thread, the same Lubos_Motl wrote lots of other things:
Lubos_Motl: Cherry picking: What this post fails to mention is other factors also affect climate. Urban heat island also causes nights to warm faster than days. Ozone depletion causes the stratosphere to cool. This supposed evidence is just cherry picking supporting evidence and hiding the rest. … The article also cites ocean warming as evidence, and yet ocean warming has stalled since 2003. As more than 90% of global warming is going into the oceans, which means ocean heat is the best measure for global warming, the conclusion is obvious – humans can't be causing global warming because global warming isn't happening! … Good point re cosmic rays. The simplistic argument that the sun can't cause global warming only looks at one possible link between sun and climate – total solar irradiance. But the relationship between the sun and our climate is much more complicated than that, as the solar magnetic field modulates the amount of cosmic radiation hitting the earth. This affects cloud formation which also interacts with our climate in complicated ways, with lower clouds causing cooling and higher clouds causing warming. A prettily coloured graphic created for young children doesn't even begin to capture the complexities of our climate system. Lubos_Motl: It's hilarious that this article cites Usoskin 2005. That paper concludes that over the last few decades, the correlation between sun and climate breaks down. Therefore, recent warming must have some other cause. This article's own sources debunk its assertion that the sun is causing global warming! … The full truth about the percentage of CO2 is that over 99% of the atmosphere is oxygen and nitrogen, both gases which are not greenhouse gases. So the fact that CO2 is a small percentage is irrelevant to the strength of its greenhouse effect. It's like holding an election in a town of 1000 people where only 10 people vote. They may only be a small number but each individual has a significant effect. It's the same with CO2. Of course, you don't have to take my word for it – what do measurements find? Both planes and satellites measure heat as it escapes to space and both find a big bite out of the outgoing heat, at precisely the wavelengths that CO2 absorbs heat. The greenhouse effect is an empirically observed fact. Lubos_Motl: Good point re the co2 lag. Not only was co2 higher in the past, it also lags temperature, showing temperature drives co2, not the other way around. The ice core record is not kind to the warmist agenda. … Good point re the number of scientists. The alarmists like to boast about there being 2500 scientists who wrote the IPCC report. But the number of skeptic scientists is AN ORDER OF MAGNITUDE greater than the number of alarmist scientists. Not only there is still a debate, the weight of opinion leans heavily towards the skeptic point of view. This article presents the compelling evidence that explains why. … John Cook: Note re Lubos Motl: I won't use the name Lubos Motl or any of our names in the final webpage used in the experiment (so the last two comments by Rob and Steve won't be used, I'm afraid).
Full story: http://motls.blogspot.com/2015/07/identity-theft-thief-of-lubosmotl-turns.html#more
To me, this is the most telling comment:
John Cook: Sorry about the Lubos thing. Was posting some Lubos comments for the UWA experiment and forgot to log back in as John Cook.
This is just unbelievable; “the UWA experiment”. Think about what this refers to: University of Western Australia. This is where Cook launched his career defaming climate skeptics by helping Stephan Lewandowsky in designing/running a gussied up poll that was never actually posted on climate skeptic websites, that purports to give answers by climate skeptics, to be used in a paper where it is claimed that climate skeptics are believers that “the moon landing was faked“. What sort of “experiment” was John Cook running by stealing the identity of Dr. Lubos Motl, and writing comments under his name?
Cook is a man who has co-authored two papers about how climate skeptics are not to be trusted because in essence, “they are crazy conspiracy theorists”. Yet, John Cook, now of the University of Queensland after leaving his connections at UWA, has so little moral integrity that he'll post comments on his own website (the SkS forum, see below) as a skeptical scientist, such as Dr. Lubos Motl?
Who else has John Cook impersonated? Has he encouraged his team to do this? These are valid questions that need answers.
This may be actionable, not just to get his latest smear paper retracted, like the first one was, but legally actionable. And maybe it's time, because quite frankly I'm getting tired of this crap coming from this band of zealots in Australia who seem to have no scruples or integrity. Identity theft of another scientist's name to post fake comments is just beyond the pale.
This isn't the first time Cook and crew has done something reprehensible like this. Readers may recall he and his team of moderator zealots have been caught changing user comments after the fact:
On “Skepticalscience” – Rewriting History
This is why Skeptical Science has it's own special category on the links at WUWT's sidebar:
Unreliable*
Skeptical Science – John Cook
* Due to (1) deletion, extension
and amending of user comments,
and (2) undated post-publication
revisions of article contents after
significant user commenting.
Then there's all the questionable tactics Cook used to create a faked 97% consensus: Richard Tol's Excellent Summary of the Flaws in Cook et al. (2013) – The Infamous 97% Consensus Paper
May I suggest Mr. Cook, that your next fake persona name be: What. A. Slimeball.
UPDATE: Since some commenters have run astray in their thinking, assuming incorrectly that this lab exercise was related to the “moon landing” and “fury” papers, perhaps this addition will help clarify the issue. I sometimes forget readers don't keep up on the vagaries of the SkS underworld as much as I have.
These comments were from the SkS private “subscribers only” forum, where you had to be on the “inside” to be a part of it. So, these were not public comments like we see on WUWT, but rather a discussion with his network of sycophants helping with his “research”.
The point that needs to be driven home is that rather than getting real comments, he had his buddies (and himself) write faked up comments from their own perspective as “fake skeptics”, and then analyzed those for his research experiment. Whether the results of that experiment made it into any published research is unknown.
Essentially, he and his friends made up pre-biased data, by “assuming” they knew what a skeptic comment might look like, and that's an issue of integrity. What we see is an attempt to ascertain if a few skeptical comments are influential enough to undo the “good” of an alarmist post. That's where “noble cause corruption” is at work. It seems he wants to find excuses to explain why everyone should censor skeptics out of the conversation, something he's actively pushing on CNN right now.
Therefore the important question is: did he get the required ethics approval to make up his own data for that lab exercise?
See:
http://www.research.uwa.edu.au/staff/human-research/approvals
The mendacity of creating commentary from your own group to use it to analyze and then label another group is truly mind boggling.
If readers are going to register complaints, they need to do so in this context, not from the standpoint of this being about public comments faked up by Cook, that remains to be determined, yet given the behavior, we would be correct to look for such instances. Readers should take care not to make complaints to universities that this incident shows that Cook faked public comments, as inaccurate complaints will be ignored and make it more difficult for other complaints to get a hearing. Until further details become available, it is probably best that readers hold off anyway.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
This story was written and reported by Julie McMahon and Jeff Stein.
Update 8:55 a.m. -- Nedrow firefighters are back at the house for a reported rekindling. The extent of the new damage isn't known but it's likely much less significant than that caused by the first blaze, one Nedrow firefighter said.
Earlier --
Nedrow, N.Y. -- Brandon Hollister was sitting in his room just before 3 a.m. Thursday morning when he heard the sound of a pop.
His TV, heater and lights shut off. He then looked up and saw flames coming out of the attic of his Nedrow home at 201 W. Roswell Ave.
"It just popped and everything shut down on me," Hollister said. "I saw the fire and it was like, 'woah.'"
Hollister, 27, ran downstairs and woke up his father, brother, nephew and mother. They all made it outside safely.
"If he wasn't home we probably would've been dead," said the father, Wayne Hollister Sr.
Wayne and Brandon stood outside in the -2 degree weather around 7 a.m. surveying the damage. Wayne's lived in the house for more than 25 years.
Wayne said his wife is an animal lover who had more than a half-dozen pets in the house. Four dogs, two parrots, one cat, pet rats and turtles were all saved, Wayne said.
"Noah ain't got nothing on us," Wayne said.
With the fire raging, Brandon went back upstairs to save the parrots, he said. As thanks, one of them bit him on the hand. He rescued it anyway.
About a half-dozen fire trucks arrived at the house, near the intersection of West Roswell Avenue and Midland Avenue. The Nedrow Fire Department, TLC Ambulance and sheriff's office were all called to the scene.
The house sustained significant structural damage, primarily to its roof and a top-story apartment, said Amanda Burke with the Nedrow Fire Department.
Firefighters were on scene for more than three hours.
The prestigious consulting firm, known for its close ties to Gov. Rick Perry of Texas, was orchestrating an extensive effort to remake his image and prepare him for the 2016 presidential campaign.
But that was no deterrent for Jeb Bush. His team hired the firm anyway and quickly made it clear that it wanted undivided allegiance. The company, FP1 Strategies, soon severed ties with Mr. Perry, startling his staff.
Mr. Bush has vowed to run a “joyful” presidential campaign free from the seamier sides of party politics, projecting the air of a cerebral man almost effortlessly drawing together Republicans eager to help him seek the White House. But behind the scenes, he and his aides have pursued the nation's top campaign donors, political operatives and policy experts with a relentlessness and, in the eyes of rivals, ruthlessness that can seem discordant with his upbeat tone.
Their message, according to dozens of interviews, is blunt: They want the top talent now, they have no interest in sharing, and they will remember those who signed on early — and, implicitly, those who did not. The aim is not just to position Mr. Bush as a formidable front-runner for the Republican nomination, but also to rapidly lock up the highest-caliber figures in the Republican Party and elbow out rivals by making it all but impossible for them to assemble a high-octane campaign team.
Story highlights A bullet comes from nowhere but finds 4-year-old Rena, in her mother's lap
The shot tears through her cheek; a family's desperate rush for help begins
Dar Al'Shifa hospital sees trauma every hour, in many forms, in a city scourged by war
But a child shot in the face still causes doctors to jolt
Rena was playing on her lounge floor, in her mother's lap, when the shot tore through her cheek. She grimaced, cried for her mother and then went silent, as the blood began to flow in her mouth.
The bullet came from nowhere, bursting through the frosted-glass window on the family balcony, knocking out one of her teeth, and shattering her family's world. But in Aleppo, their ordeal had just begun because the struggle here is always to find medical help, fast.
Her neighbor -- the women looking after Rena can't leave their home unaccompanied by male relatives -- then rushed her to the street, carrying her body. That's when we saw him, the sight of a man carrying a limp girl still striking even amid the daily atrocities of Aleppo.
He flagged down a truck and they began to race towards the hospital. We followed, unsure what had happened. After a minute, the neighbor noticed us and clearly decided our car might move through the traffic faster. He stopped the truck he was in, leapt out and ran towards us, Rena bleeding in his arms, and screamed for help.
He threw Rena onto the back seat and told us to race to the hospital, saying, "Guys, she's choking."
JUST WATCHED Aleppo civilians struggle with violence Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Aleppo civilians struggle with violence 00:06
JUST WATCHED Treating children at an Aleppo hospital Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Treating children at an Aleppo hospital 02:51
JUST WATCHED Rebels battle for 100 feet in Aleppo Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Rebels battle for 100 feet in Aleppo 05:04
Amid the traffic and blast of our horns, the sound of Rena's struggle to breathe was clear. A sucking sound, coupled with a gargle. The blood was flowing down her cheeks. Her neighbor screamed out of the window for cars to pass. After a minute that seemed to creep by, the car arrived at the hospital.
Dar Al'Shifa sees trauma every hour in many forms. But a child shot in the face still causes doctors to jolt. They raced her into the back emergency room and began to work on her face. The bullet had entered her mouth cleanly but had torn up the other side of her mouth. Soon it became clear they thought she would live. She was breathing more easily. The bandages made the wounds seem less severe.
But one problem remained. Dar Al'Shifa is in rebel territory where medical supplies are exhausted and hard to replenish. The decisions doctors take daily defy belief. In Rena's case, she could not get the surgery on her face she clearly needed there, so the doctors dared to think the unthinkable, and sent her across the front lines to the better equipped government hospital. She was piled into a truck and then vanished.
The women who were caring for her when the bullet struck -- her grandmother and mother -- were still at home trying to understand what had happened. On the stairs up to the apartment was Rena's blood. Inside the apartment was her tooth. In the window was the small hole that the bullet had made.
A military-trained safety adviser working with the CNN crew assessed the hole made by the bullet and the trajectory when it hit Rena.
It was clear to him that it must have been fired from one of the high apartment blocks opposite Rena's home. These buildings are inside rebel territory, but snipers -- particularly those working for the infamous pro-government militia known as the Shabeeha -- are thought to work inside rebel-held areas, and few could explain why the Free Syrian Army would shoot into areas that were sympathetic to it.
The glass through which the bullet passed was frosted, meaning the gunman would not have seen exactly who were his targets. But the deliberate nature of how indiscriminate this was made it all the more chilling.
The family members were, at that time, calm. They believed that Rena was getting the best of care and prepared for their hazardous trip to government territory to see her. It seemed like there had been a miraculous escape.
The next morning, we returned. Locals in the street broke the news to us. Rena was dead. It was hard to believe that the girl we had seen recover, and who appeared so free from the bullet that should have killed her, had died from her wounds.
The family refused to speak to us at first. We were told the father was angry we had entered the home and feared reprisals.
After an hour, one relative met us outside. They said Rena had been rushed to two government hospitals. At each, they said, doctors had tried to help her. At each, they failed. It appears the bullet, which we did not find inside their home, had lodged inside her throat.
A sniper's bullet had killed a four-year-old girl, leaving us wondering how the violence now engulfing Aleppo will ever end, whether its civilians will ever recover life as they knew it.
Initiating a stringent action against black money holders post notes ban, the Income Tax department on Monday said it has issued 87 notices and attached bank deposits worth crores in 42 cases nationwide under the newly enforced Benami Transactions Act which attracts a heavy penalty and rigorous jail term of a maximum 7 years. Post the demonetisation order of the government on November 8 last year, the department had carried out public advertisements and had warned people against depositing their unaccounted old currency in someone else's bank account saying such an act would attract criminal charges under the Benami Property Transactions Act, 1988, applicable on both movable and immovable property, that has been enforced from November 1, 2016.
Advertising
Watch What Else is Making News
“After in-depth investigations, the I-T department has issued 87 notices under section 24 of the said Act (notice and attachment of property involved in benami transaction). A total of 42 properties, largely monies worth crores in bank accounts and an immovable property, of benamidars have been attached,” officials said citing an analysis report, also accessed by PTI.
The I-T department is the nodal department to enforce the said Act in the country. They said the taxman has issued numerous summons under the Benami Transactions Act and is in the process of issuing more.
The decision, they said, to slap the stringent provisions of the Benami Transactions Act was taken after analysing serious cases where the illegalities were blatant and suspect cash was deposited in either benami accounts or Jan Dhan or dormant accounts.
The taxman had initiated a nationwide operation to identify suspect bank accounts where huge cash deposits have been made post November 8 when the government demonetised the Rs 500 and Rs 1000 currency notes.
Officials said the Act empowers the taxman to confiscate and prosecute both the depositor and the person whose illegal money he or she has “adjusted” in their account.
“Such an arrangement where a person deposits old currency of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 in the bank account of another person with an understanding that the account holder shall return his money in new currency, the transaction shall be regarded as benami transaction under the said Act.
Advertising
“The person who deposits old currency in the bank account shall be treated as beneficial owner and the person in whose bank account the old currency has been deposited shall be categorised under this law as a benamidar,” a senior official had explained earlier.
Wildlife Conservation Society
Dot Earth likes a good animal photo as much as the next blog, particularly when the animal is beautiful and endangered. So we're pleased to present a photograph of a snow leopard, taken by a camera trap in the Wakhan Corridor in northeastern Afghanistan. (Here's more on camera traps and Afghanistan's elusive wildlife.)
Camera traps are used by conservationists to document the presence of animals that because of their rarity, behavior or other factors would otherwise be seldom seen. The basic trap consists of a camera and a means of triggering it — often an infrared device or some other motion sensor.
Workers try to set the traps in areas the target animal is likely to pass through — en route to a water or food source, for example. And the sensor is calibrated so that smaller animals or swaying tree limbs shouldn't trigger it. Despite all this, camera traps don't always capture their quarry. And even when they do, the subject is sometimes out of focus, or half out of the frame or plagued by red eye. And sometimes you get a fabulous shot of the animal's derriere.
This photograph, though, is spectacular (if a trifle cockeyed). The trap was set up by workers with the Wildlife Conservation Society, the people who run the Bronx Zoo and undertake conservation projects around the world. In the Wakhan Corridor they are conducting wildlife surveys with the eventual goal of establishing a protected area.
2018 In Review
The “wooden spoon” award has its roots in the University of Cambridge. It would be awarded to the student who had the lowest marks but still earned a third-class degree. There are also three degrees in MLS: Those who win silverware, those who make the playoffs, and those who do not make the playoffs. Given MLS does not have relegation, obtaining (I almost said “winning” there) the Wooden Spoon just means one still gets to play the next year at the same level. In 2017, the Independent Supporters Council, who instituted the Wooden Spoon award in 2015, renamed it the Anthony Precourt Memorial Wooden Spoon.
This is not the trophy San Jose Earthquakes General Manager Jesse Fioranelli had in mind at the beginning of 2018. He attempted big splashes, signing Allsvenskan Golden Boot winner Magnus Eriksson as a designated player, a fellow Swede to go along with a “real” manager Mikael Stahre (replacing not-interim/interim first-time coach Chris Leitch), also from the Allsvenskan. In keeping the attacking core from 2017 who helped the team snatch the final playoff spot despite a -21 goal differential, plus adding Eriksson, finally getting Panamanian international Harold Cummings healthy, and adding two more young defenders, Fioranelli bet that would be enough to catapult San Jose higher in the Western Conference. It seems he underestimated the MLS talent level compared to middle-of-the-road European leagues and the ability of a foreign coach to quickly integrate a team.
“How is this happening,” we think, watching Trump go from joke to threat, with the momentum of a natural disaster, as he lies and blusters and calls for bans and deportations and holds rallies that are like ‘90s wrestling matches except much, much worse. Jamelle Bouie at Slate makes a strong, clear argument that the rise of Trump (and the “open prejudice, nationalist aggression, and heterodox economic policy” of Trumpism) is a direct result of Barack Obama's presidency, the fear it wrought in white lower- and middle-class Americans, and the era not of post-racial America, but raced America, that it brought in.
Wesley Morris wrote about this in the New York Times Magazine awhile back, saying that, historically in this country:
Blackness stood in opposition to whiteness, which folded its arms and said that was black people's problem. But Obama became everybody's problem. He was black. He was white. He was hope. He was apocalypse. And he brought a lot of anxiety into weird relief. We had never really had a white president until we had a black one.
Advertisement
Bouie writes:
[Race's] role has not yet been central enough to our understanding of Trump's rise. Not only does he lead a movement of almost exclusively disaffected whites, but he wins his strongest support in states and counties with the greatest amounts of racial polarization. Among white voters, higher levels of racial resentment have been shown to be associated with greater support for Trump. All of which is to say that we've been missing the most important catalyst in Trump's rise. What caused this fire to burn out of control? The answer, I think, is Barack Obama.
Advertisement
Bouie goes on to remind us that Obama's politics in practice and his significance in theory are crucially divergent: Obama governs as a center-left politician, but as a symbol, he's as radical as anything we've ever seen. Such is the effect of blackness in power. Bouie:
For millions of white Americans who weren't attuned to growing diversity and cosmopolitanism...Obama was a shock, a figure who appeared out of nowhere to dominate the country's political life. [...] He presaged a time when their votes—which had elected George W. Bush, George H.W. Bush, and Ronald Reagan—would no longer matter. More than simply “change,” Obama's election felt like an inversion. When coupled with the broad decline in incomes and living standards caused by the Great Recession, it seemed to signal the end of a hierarchy that had always placed white Americans at the top, delivering status even when it couldn't give material benefits.
“The Obama era didn't herald a post-racial America as much as it did a racialized one,” Bouie writes, “where millions of whites were hyperaware of and newly anxious about their racial status.” And Trump picked this right up from the beginning, spearheading the “birther” conspiracy all the way through Obama's 2012 campaign. And now, 62 percent of Trump supporters still say Obama was born outside this country; they remain very white and very scared; many of them wish the slaves hadn't been freed, and that Muslims and gay people would be banned from this country.
Advertisement
Over and over, Trump has explicitly encouraged the escalation of this anxiety to fear, and from fear to violence. He has a lot of anxiety to draw on: this is the first time in America where the historical white supremacy of this country is being questioned openly and widely, and when the problems traditionally associated with minorities are—via the recession, the decline of the industrial economy, and the rise of opiate and heroin addiction—now visible as belonging to everyone. Bouie:
Drugs, ghettos, and dependency existed among whites in pockets of the country, but they were popularly understood as black and Latino problems, not white ones. Now, that isn't true. Now, middle-class whites face addiction and dependence, which adds a racial element to economic anxiety, as the security provided by whiteness no longer exists for many Americans.
Towards the close, Bouie writes:
Throughout our history, a substantial minority of whites has responded to America's always-shifting racial and economic terrain with a primal fear of being dominated, of finding themselves at the bottom of the hierarchy. It's one of the strongest forces in American life, and politicians and demagogues of many partisan stripes channeled it long before Donald Trump; it's so strong that researchers have found a direct and robust connection between a given county's proportion of enslaved people before emancipation and its present-day Republican vote share. The more slaves held in a given area, the more Republican votes. The good news is that movements like Trump's tend to fade away. The bad news is that, even in defeat, they are influential.
Advertisement
We are in for a long life of backlash. Read the whole piece here.
Contact the author at jia@jezebel.com.
ARC ONE: The Loot House
Chapter One: The Clouds of a New World
Over the night skies of the island nation of Corto Maltese, a large sky battle was taking place. One on the ground might have been able to see the flashes in the clouds or hear the thundering boom of engines and sonic booms, but for those on the ground, that's all it was.
Random sounds and flashes in the clouds.
Days earlier, The Justice League had received information of a plot being conducted by The Secret Society of Super Villains. It was discovered that Gorilla Grodd had hired Scarecrow, Deathstroke and Posion Ivy for a truly nefarious plot. Grodd had hired Scarecrow to create a more potent Fear Toxin that could be spread by plant spores. With Poison Ivy's plant manipulation powers, they were to spread the spores over the island nation and cause flowers to bloom all over. Once they did, the flowers would spread the toxin and cause the entire human population to kill each other out of paranoia and extreme terror. However they were sure that the Justice League would try to stop them, so in a bid to have their asses saved, Grodd paid Deathstroke a down payment of 15 million dollars for his assistance.
In the end, Scarecrow would have successfully tested his new Fear Toxin, Poison Ivy would allow plant life to return to it's original state on the island and Grodd would have a new foothold for his new Ape Empire.
As for Deathstroke, he just wanted a paycheck. Everybody wins.
Currently, Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern (John Stewart) and Red Tornado were in combat over the skies of the island. They were handling four high tech jets stolen from S.T.A.R. Labs that were protecting the cargo plane carrying the spores. Superman used his eye beams on a jet, but it masterfully dodged to left and fired its turrets at Wonder Woman who was in front of her. She flung herself back and with her sword sliced the aircraft in half.
She was able to quickly pull the gorilla pilot out before it exploded.
"Damn filthy hairless ape! Get your grotesque hands off me!"
Before he could scream anything else, Wonder Woman karate chopped him in the neck knocking him out.
Red Tornado and Green Lantern subdued the second aircraft with ease. Lantern put a shield around the next Gorilla pilot to ensure his safety. Superman flew down hard on the next jet, smashing it to pieces letting the next pilot fall, only to be caught by Red Tornado. The Batwing maneuvered around the next two jets and headed straight for the Cargo Plane. The other jet tried to stop him but was caught by Lanterns Power Ring.
The League tried to follow Batman, but several more jets had arrived and stalled them.
"Those insignificant curs! I'll devour their flesh when this is over!"
Grodd crushed a human skull he had been using to partake in human brain matter with. Scarecrow was busy setting the capsules on the large plant Ivy had conjured.
"Easy there Grodd. We just need a few more seconds and this extraordinary specimen will get to spread her wings."
"Well let's hope, we can get close enough to the site."
"No to worry my dear, soon we'll have what we came here for."
Suddenly, Deathstroke came out of the front bay and clocked his pistol looking out the window.
"Maybe not."
Scarecrow looked up at him in a questioning manner, "Why's that?"
"Because Batman is here."
The villains looked out their respective windows and could clearly see the Batwing tailing them. Grodd began using his telepathic powers to try and stir Batman's mind.
"Not this time Grodd."
Batman put on a special headband created by Flash and Mister Terrific to help block out Grodd's powers. Batman began firing turrets on the Cargo Plane, bullets bounced off the sides of the planes. Deathstroke soon opened the load outdoors, the turbulence of the vast winds almost knocked Scarecrow and Ivy off their feet.
Scarecrow stared at Deathstroke in bewilderment "And just what are you doing?!"
"Giving us a couple seconds."
Deathstroke pulled out a nearby machine gun and fired upon the rival aircraft. The Batwing skillfully dodged the shots and fired back in response. Grodd used his powers to levitate several boxes that were still inside the Cargo Plane. He launched them at the Batwing as Deathstroke continued firing. One of the boxes caused the Batwing to swerve to the right. Bullet blasts caused it to lose some trajectory. In the madness of the battle, Batman fired several rounds at the right wing of the plane. The wing flew off and caused the plane to spiral out of control. Batman followed, with the rest of the League not far behind. Ivy tried to use large vines to stop the plane from spinning further, but to no avail.
"Well isn't this just fantastic. And here I thought I'd be at least a tad frightened."
"Quit it with the snarky remarks, Crane. Grodd! Use your psychic powers to stop the plane!"
"SILENCE WOMAN! I am trying that at this very moment."
As Grodd began to focus, Deathstroke who was hanging on to the interior sides looked out and muttered something.
"What the hell is this?"
The rest of the villains looked as well and saw that the clouds were forming around them and the skies were morphing ever so slightly. Grodd was the first one who noticed another issue.
"What?"
Grodd looked around him and out the window, only to ask one last question.
"Who is laughing?"
Batman noticed that the skies were morphing all around him. He saw what appeared to the sun for a split second, even though it was the middle of the night. He then heard what he thought was laughter. And then…
"-baru."
"What!"
His vision became blurry and clouds enveloped his jet, as the rest of the Justice League was trying to catch up. Batman activated his comlink and tried to contact his teammates.
"Team! Something is going on! I think it's a wormhole or someone is teleporting me somewhere!"
Nothing.
"CLARK! Can you hear me?!"
He heard nothing but incoherent static and muddled voices.
"DIANA! TORNADO! COME IN! CLARK!"
More static, and then a connection was made.
"COME IN OVER!"
"Protect him."
The connection was lost and nothing but static was heard.
The Batwing blasted through the clouds…only to see a bright morning sky. And a vast city, one Batman had never seen before.
Batman looked down at the large complex rows of buildings, with lakes and rivers covering the land. He saw a large castle in the distance that was atop a mountain overlooking the city. He decided to land the Batwing near a clearing next to some trees that sat near one of the lakes. The Batwing had landed safely and Batman jumped out to overlook the condition of his jet. He noticed only a few dents and scratches on it. He took inventory on his Batwings ammo. He had a permissible amount of turret rounds and a full amount of rockets and other specialized weapons. The fuel capacity was average but he did not intend to use the Batwing for a while. He activated his comlink and tried to use it again.
"Come in Watchtower! Cyborg! This Batman come in!"
Nothing was heard, not even static this time. Batman pulled out a special grid from his utility belt and activated it. It was a Universal Atlas, designed by the scientific division of the Justice League and with the cooperation of S.T.A.R. Labs; it documented the vast parallel universes and mapped them out. If someone discovered a new universe, the Atlas would pinpoint where it landed in the vast stretches of time and space. And it would also connect with other Atlas' across the multiverse. Almost every universe the League visited, had one or was given one. It was invented with the sole purpose for helping members who got sucked into wormholes or were unwillingly dragged to other worlds. Batman was relieved that it wasn't damaged. He then activated it.
"UA System. Mark my destination."
[BZZT. BZZT. ERORR. UNABLE TO FIND LOCATION.]
Impossible. The machine is a fast thinking computer connected throughout countless universes and has charted an almost staggering amount of worlds. How could this be?
"UA system. Connect with the nearest System."
If he could not find his location he could connect with another UA System in another universe. Surely it would-
[BZZT. ERORR. CANNOT CONNECT.]
"WHAT?"
Even the stoic and reserved Batman could not help but feel a tinge of unease with what he just heard. How could it not connect with a single one? He has met countless Batmen who agreed to carry a UA System, just in case they needed each other's help. So why could it not connect with a single one?
"UA SYSTEM. Search for closest corresponding device."
[ERORR. SYSTEM IS UNABLE TO FIND CORRESPONDING CONNECTION.]
"UA SYSTEM. Pinpoint my location."
[ERORR. SYSTEM IS UNABLE TO PINPOINT LOCATION OR CHART POSITION.]
"Try it again."
[ERROR.]
Clear frustration resided in his voice.
"Again!"
[ERROR.]
"…try again."
[BZZT. BZZT. BZZZZZZZT. -an't!]
"Huh?"
[BZZZT! –leave. Can't-!]
"What the…"
[You cannot leave yet. Subaru, protect him.]
The UA SYTEM then burst into flames and crumpled away. Batman lost his last chance to get rescued. Unsure of what to does he set the Batwing on lockdown mode. He then turned to the city that was viewable from afar. He then began walking to it.
"I'm going to get some answers."
As he walked on the soft grass, Batman looked up at the bright blue sky and questioned something.
"Who is Subaru?"
Bruce Wayne, also known as Batman, now had to start his new life, in another world.
About three-quarters of the energy use and greenhouse-gas emissions from washing a load of laundry come from heating the water — a practice that, scientists say, is often wasteful and unnecessary.
Procter & Gamble, the consumer products giant that makes brands like Crest and Gillette in addition to Tide, takes credit for the innovation in North America, which emerged from an evaluation of the company's energy footprint in 2003.
After realizing how much energy was used to heat water for laundry, Procter set a goal to convert 70 percent of all washing-machine loads to cold water by 2020; by Procter's estimate currently 38 percent of laundry loads globally were done in cold water.
But in trying to create Tide Coldwater, Procter's scientists were confronted with a problem: hot water does help get clothes cleaner. In fact, thermal energy is one of three secrets to cleaning clothes, along with mechanical energy and chemicals.
“When you reduce one, you have to do better in the others,” said James Danzinger, a senior scientist who works on detergents for Procter & Gamble.
So the company set its scientists loose to find new chemicals to compensate, and what they came up with was a detergent, Tide Coldwater, with different enzymes and surfactants that work better in cold water.
Tide Coldwater was introduced in 2005. Several competitors followed with their own cold-water formulas, including Purex from Henkel, Wisk from Sun Products and Biokleen from a small company by the same name.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Do cold-water detergents work? Consumer Reports ranked Tide Coldwater among its top detergents last year, though some of its competitors did not rate as high.
The chemical composition of the new cold-water detergents, which cost about the same as regular detergents, is “totally different” from what was found in detergents a decade ago, said Dr. Mueller-Kirschbaum of Henkel. Some even contain chemicals that coat fabric fibers so that they are less likely to absorb dirt in the interval before the next washing.
Photo
Tide Coldwater, by far the best-selling cold-water detergent, now accounts for $150 million in sales in the United States and $60 million in Canada, the company says. By comparison, regular Tide has well more than $1 billion a year in sales in the United States alone.
Kiem Ho, director of laundry care for Henkel, predicted that cold-water detergents would remain a niche, unless the government provided incentives to use them or the industry waged a major campaign.
Sales data provided by Henkel shows that sales of cold-water detergents have declined by 16 percent in the last year in the United States. Procter's data shows a 5 percent increase, although company officials acknowledge some stagnation in recent years.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In Germany, a country dotted with wind turbines, solar panels and a Green Party that is part of the political mainstream, detergent makers waged an advertising war several years ago after they created detergents that worked equally well in all temperatures, including cold water.
On television and in magazines, on detergent boxes and bottles, they promoted the environmental benefits of the new cold-water products.
But the detergents languished on the shelves.
“I've never even tried it,” said Ottilie Theis, 53, who was shopping for detergent recently in Philippsburg, a city in southwestern Germany. “I'm just skeptical that normal dirt and spots can be washed out with cooler water.”
Dr. Mueller-Kirschbaum said he believed that consumer education, not advertising, would eventually change buying behavior. The average washing temperature is only slowly coming down in Germany, by about a degree a year, market research shows.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
At a Target store in suburban New Jersey, Lara Snyder said she wanted to be part of the cold-water revolution and had bought Tide Coldwater. But so far, she said, she's not ready to switch over entirely.
“I find that sometimes I wash it in cold,” Ms. Snyder said, “and have to wash it again in warm water.”
Despite the challenges, Procter & Gamble officials remain undeterred.
New advertising is promoting the virtues of Tide Coldwater, and the company is working with washing machine manufacturers to improve cold-water cycles in high-efficiency machines.
In September, for instance, Whirlpool's Maytag brand is introducing the Bravos XL, in which the cold cycle has been designed to work with cold-water detergents.
Procter officials said they were encouraged by company surveys that showed more consumers were washing in cold water. When Tide Coldwater was introduced in 2005, just 30 percent of laundry loads were washed in cold water; now, it's pushing 40 percent.
“We have people moving from warm to cold,” said Dawn French, the company's director of North America laundry products research and formula design. “But hot-water loads have remained very steady.”
Currently, about 7 percent of white laundry loads are done in cold water, compared with 22 percent for lights and 57 percent for darks, according to company studies.
“If we can chip away, load by load, we can get to 70 percent,” Ms. French said.
Hebrew University: this is the earliest alphabetical written text ever uncovered in the city.
Working near the Temple Mount in Jerusalem, Hebrew University of Jerusalem archaeologist Dr. Eilat Mazar has unearthed the earliest alphabetical written text ever uncovered in the city.
The inscription is engraved on a large pithos, a neckless ceramic jar found with six others at the Ophel excavation site. According to Dr. Mazar, the inscription, in the Canaanite language, is the only one of its kind discovered in Jerusalem and an important addition to the city's history.
Dated to the tenth century BCE, the artifact predates by two hundred and fifty years the earliest known Hebrew inscription from Jerusalem, which is from the period of King Hezekiah at the end of the eighth century BCE.
A third-generation archaeologist working at the Hebrew University's Institute of Archaeology, Dr. Mazar directs archaeological excavations on the summit of the City of David and at the southern wall of the Temple Mount.
The discovery will be announced in a paper by Dr. Mazar, Prof. Shmuel Ahituv of Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, and Dr. David Ben-Shlomo of the Hebrew University, following their extensive research on the artifact. Prof. Ahituv studied the inscription and Dr. Ben-Shlomo studied the composition of the ceramic materials.
The press release issued Wednesday did not specify what the inscription actually says.
Archaeological finds in Jerusalem, and specifically in the Temple Mount region, are also of political significance. Some of the finds, like the recent discovery of evidence corroborating contemporary accounts of the Roman seige of the Second Temple, or the possible site of the Tabernacle at Shilo, fly in the face of Arab attempts to deny that the Jewish Temple ever existed.
While the anti-Israeli propaganda machine is sophisticated and heavily funded, the Israeli counter-effort has been relatively ineffective. However, every few weeks or months, it appears that the Jews' ancestors, along with modern archaeologists, are there to lend a hand in the campaign to prove that Zion was indeed the historical homeland of the Jews, long before Mohammed was born in Arabia.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This week we will see two landmark moments for the intertwined causes of Brexit and Trumpism.
Tomorrow Theresa May will make her long-awaited speech setting out her ambitions for the Brexit negotiations.
Then on Friday the Presidency of Donald Trump will move from the stuff of liberal nightmares to technicolour reality with the US inauguration .
To set the scene, there is an interview with Mr Trump by Michael Gove in today's Times .
You could argue there is no better metaphor for our post Brexit relations with the United States than sending a patsy, liable to swoon at the merest hint of preferment, to question the president elect.
Once the smelling salts have done their work, Mr Gove will note that Trump's wish to do a “quick and fair” trade deal with Britain was encouraging but noticeably lacking in detail.
We also know that the president elect's promises, such as building a wall or releasing his tax returns, can be unreliable.
Of more concern were Trump's comments on Germany, Europe and Nato.
(Image: Getty Images)
His relish at the prospect of more countries leaving the EU, his apparent indifference to the military alliance and derision for Angela Merkel would have been music to Vladimir Putin's ears.
The Russian leader is the main beneficiary if the twin foundations of post war security in Europe - the EU and Nato - are weakened.
It also speaks volumes about Trump's base view of the world that he described the refugees given shelter by Mrs Merkel as “illegals.”
Both Trump's campaign and the EU referendum fed on the antipathy towards the political establishment, a groundswell encapsulated by Gove's now infamous, if misquoted, line that people have had enough of experts, and benefited from the anger in former industrial areas at the consequences of globalisation such as job insecurity, stagnant wages and inequality.
Yet the more thoughtful Brexiteers, despite having won the campaign with the claim they would take back control, are anxious not to be presented as isolationist little Englanders.
While Trump revels in his America First strategy and boasts of tearing down free trade deals and constructing walls, material or metaphorical ones, the message from the Government is Brexit offers the chance for the UK to be truly free trading nation.
This is why they celebrate with exaggerated enthusiasm when people such as the New Zealand PM promise a new post-Brexit partnership with the UK.
The inconvenient truth is that our trade with New Zealand is worth around £1billion a year, a fraction of the amount we trade with Germany, the Netherlands, France or even Portugal.
Improving trade with New Zealand, welcome as it is, will count for nothing if we cannot strike a free trade deal with our European friends.
This is not impossible, and as noted last week, the mood music is increasingly encouraging.
(Image: Reuters)
The alternative, as Philip Hammond revealed at the weekend , is Britain having to abandon the European economic model for a more competitive but less altruistic American one.
Hammond clearly does not want to go down this route and his words were a warning rather than a roadmap.
He was presenting a choice between a country with a strong social security system and protection for workers or a nation that cuts taxes, reduces welfare and blitzes workers' rights.
Mrs May must decide whose side she is on, Mr Hammond's or those who fly to the States for audiences with Donald Trump.
* If you would like the newsletter sent to your inbox sign up here : http://www.mirror.co.uk/newsletters/politics-newsletter/
By ANGELA LEVIN
Last updated at 00:24 17 February 2008
The faces are painfully thin. Men, women and children lie side by side, crowded into giant wards, the victims of acute malnourishment and other, longforgotten diseases of poverty.
Stabbings and industrial accidents have played their part. So has alcohol.
Most lie silently, but the calm is broken by deep, retching coughs, the sickening sound of tuberculosis.
Yet, for all the misery, there is an atmosphere of purposeful endeavour. The bed linen is spotless, the floors shine with polish.
Scroll down for more...
Formidable: Cherie Lunghi as Eva Luckes, who ruled the hospital with a will of iron for 36 years
An army of cleaners works tirelessly to scrub away the germs. And presiding over the whole, extraordinary effort at the London Hospital is Matron Eva Luckes.
Eva, a friend of Florence Nightingale, was just 24 when she was given charge of the nursing staff, and ruled her hospital with a will of iron until she was 60, insisting her nurses were fully trained and her wards properly cleaned.
This is the birth of modern medicine and it will be recreated in remarkable detail in the spring when a cast led by Cherie Lunghi re-enacts the life of a hospital 100 years ago.
The three-part BBC1 drama, likely to be called Casualty 1907, is based almost entirely on real cases and reveals both the appalling conditions of the time and the almost unbelievable dedication of the lowly paid staff fighting to alleviate the suffering.
Operations were crude and even if they were successful, many patients died from resulting infections.
A patient's chances were not, of course, helped by the fact that while in hospital they were often encouraged to consume alcohol and cigarettes in the mistaken belief that drinking and smoking were beneficial.
But what is more astonishing is how many of the problems, both social and medical, remain today.
The series is set in the London Hospital in the East End, then regarded as one of the best and most modern in the world.
Then, just as now, the area was full of immigrants.
A century ago, they were mainly Jewish refugees from eastern Europe. Now they are predominantly Muslim.
Scroll down for more...
Devotion: Nurses at work in the early 1900s in a ward at the London Hospital, inset
Archives show that like many 21st Century inner-city hospitals, many of the 30-bed wards were filled with patients suffering from alcoholrelated diseases.
Some were as young as ten. At weekends the corridors were regularly filled with victims of yob culture, gang fights and stabbings.
Many of the diseases also seem familiar today. Tuberculosis was a growing problem, although 100 years ago there was a particularly unpleasant form that also attacked a patient's face.
Superbugs were rife, too. Instead of MRSA, nurses grappled with erysipelas and armies of sturdy, middle-aged ward maids, commonly known as scrubbers, would spend all day, every day cleaning each nook and corner of the wards to try to keep infection under control.
Some cases were exclusive to the times, including desperately ill women suffering from botched back-street or self-induced abortions.
Poverty was endemic and many patients were severely malnourished or had respiratory problems from the bad air quality in the East End.
This and much more was discovered by Bryn Higgins, an independent filmmaker who has produced and directed the series.
The painstaking investigation involved a team of researchers working flat-out in the archives for several months, deciphering medical notes and ward reports from the time.
They found the hospital treated 250,000 patients a year and was run along very different lines from today.
In 1907, 25 per cent of the hospital was funded by Jewish benefactors such as Lord Rothschild.
And Viscount Knutsford, a visionary character who was the chairman - played by Nicholas Farrell in the series -encouraged Royalty such as Princess Alexandra and wealthy aristocrats to tour the hospital. A donation usually followed.
Treatment was free for the destitute but those who were not quite so poor were asked for a modest donation.
Wealthy patients were not admitted, but treated by doctors and if necessary given an operation in their own home.
Doctors gave their services free, too. They made money from private practices in Harley Street and from teaching medical students but usually devoted two or three days a week to caring for the poor.
They began receiving a salary only in 1948 when the National Health Service took over.
Higgins had the idea for the series when he found the diaries of his grandfather Thomas Twistington Higgins, an eminent surgeon who trained in London in 1910 and helped set up Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children.
"I thought it would make great TV but wanted to include adult patients, too," he says.
"The London Hospital has a wonderful archive. Researchers looked through piles of ward reports - weekly reports written up by sisters on the wards - autopsy reports and case notes.
"As a result we use the names of real doctors and nurses from the times.
"But we had to change the names of patients to protect their confidentiality in case the nature of their illness would embarrass their relatives."
He selected the cases to give a crosssection of the patients who passed through the hospital.
"We have made it very graphic and include a brain operation, an amputation and one where a surgeon cuts open a patient who has just died and massages his heart with his bare hands.
"We also combined two cases, one caused by gun crime, the other alcoholism, into a character called Nobby Clark, played by Alfie Allen, who's the younger brother of the pop star Lily."
Nobby is a young East End villain and a member of the famous Blind Beggar Mob based at the pub of the same name that was made infamous 60 years later by the Kray twins.
In one episode, he arrives at the hospital with a gunshot wound claiming he has accidentally shot himself.
He also turns up later suffering from alcoholic sclerosis.
The actual case on which the treatment is based referred to a six-year-old boy, which gives some idea of the quality of life of these children.
A nurse's note reveals that when she asked his mother what he likes to drink, meaning milk, orange juice or water, she replied: "Brandy, but if not he is happy with gin."
One of Higgins's most extraordinary discoveries was that it was the common practice at the time for doctors to treat women with what they described as nervous conditions with the newly invented electro-mechanical vibrator.
The vibrator was marketed to revitalise women and make them feel more youthful.
Many vibrators also had a variety of fittings so you could also use them in the kitchen like a Magimix.
"We found out that doctors considered it purely as a medical treatment," explains Higgins.
"It was quite common practice until the 1920s when the vibrator became known as a sex toy.
"We feature this in the third part when a Mrs Turner [played by Emmerdale star Leah Bracknell], who is suffering from a terribly unhappy marriage, seeks medical help for a nervous condition."
We think of the Edwardians as prudish but such an intimate procedure - often administered without permission -would be regarded today as a serious invasion of privacy.
"It was particularly difficult to get the episode passed by the BBC and they gave us permission to use it only if we followed specific instructions about how the doctor had to hold the vibrator and checked every word of the dialogue with them," says Higgins.
Some patients were ill because of appalling poverty. They generally recovered their health largely by being washed and given some nutritious food.
"When one mother was admitted to the hospital it was discovered that although she gave her children potatoes and cabbage to eat, she was surviving on potato peelings and nothing else," says Higgins.
"She was massively lacking in vitamins."
The hospital had no refrigeration and fresh food arrived daily.
Some animals were delivered live, others freshly slaughtered.
Every single bit of them was used, even down to giving the patients calf's foot jelly and meat broth.
Although Higgins had a wealth of cases to choose from, it was a major problem finding a hospital in which to shoot the drama - the London is now too modern.
Higgins spent months searching the country until eventually he found the perfect location; the old Royal Infirmary in Liverpool that has been empty for 40 years.
"It was built by Sir Alfred Waterhouse who designed the Natural History Museum in London, so it's a grand building," says Higgins.
"But when we first saw it, it was a wreck. We cleared out the pigeons and gave it a clean to bring it back to life.
"Once we started filming retired nurses used to pop in and advise us on procedures including the correct way to give chloroform as an anaesthetic.
"We were filming it incorrectly and putting a mask over the patient's mouth and dripping the 'chloroform' on to it, without protecting the eyes.
"One of our visitors told us that patients' eyes were always covered to prevent corrosive splashes, so we were very grateful. They operated only in very well ventilated rooms, so the fumes didn't send the doctors and nurses to sleep.
"One of the problems is that they couldn't tell how deeply unconscious the patient was, and as well as trying to do the operation fast in order not to keep them under too long, the anaesthetist would watch them carefully and if they started to twitch or groan would give them more.
"The difficulty was that if they gave them too much it would kill them."
The London Hospital also did pioneer work in the use of X-rays.
It was felt to be such an amazing medical tool that it used to be run for 20 minutes at a time.
As a result, all the radiographers eventually died from radiation poisoning.
Central to the drama is, of course, Cherie Lunghi's Eva.
Higgins says: "Eva and Florence Nightingale corresponded regularly and she became a major figure by dramatically improving the training of nurses.
"Nursing was then a vocation but not always highly regarded. It was a great shock for middle-class women to have to deal with male bodies and see the raw poverty and disease in the East End, but the London was probably the finest in the world, so they had the cream of the crop."
Nurses worked a long day from about 6.30am to 10.30pm with one three-hour break.
"They were also expected to wear their uniform, a complicated set of clothing that consisted of a large and small corset, several petticoats and various detachablesleeves for different situations at all times, even if they were off duty," says Higgins.
"This was partly for the self-esteem and partly to protect them from danger in the East End streets."
Also, in a ruling that is reminiscent of today, nurses were barred from wearing crucifixes - or indeed any jewellery - for fear of upsetting other religions.
Matron, who wore rings on almost every finger, was the only exception.
Nurses were not then allowed to be married but several doctors wrote in their diaries about how attractive they had found Eva.
Her set of quarterswas in the hospital and consisted of a bedroom, sitting room and kitchen.
She had an open-door policy between 6 pm and 7pm when nurses could come to discuss any problems with her.
"Matron prided herself on creating the right atmosphere for her patients' recovery, some of which would today cause outrage," says Higgins.
"They were regularly prescribed stout and brandy for its restorative powers and those suffering from the all too common scarlet fever would be offered stimulating champagne."
Patients were also allowed to smoke and even given gifts of tobacco for Christmas.
Visitors, but not children, were allowed for only a couple of hours a week and silence was enforced to the extent that doctors and nurses were not even allowed to talk in the corridor and were never to run, no matter what the emergency.
Such a regime seems strange to modern eyes but more remarkable still, says Higgins, is the devotion of the staff - the nurses who gave up all thoughts of marriage, the doctors who worked for free and, in particular, the radiographers who sacrificed their own health for the sake of others.
"I found the sheer dedication very moving," he says.
"The radiographers knew it was doing them no good, but they carried on regardless to help the patients. They really are unsung heroes."
LONDON: PUNITIVE international sanctions imposed on Iran have strengthened the government of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and helped its post-election crackdown on the opposition movement, a leading reformist politician and former presidential candidate says.
More than a year after widespread unrest erupted after Mr Ahmadinejad's disputed re-election as President last June, Mehdi Karroubi blamed the US and Britain for adopting counterproductive policies to combat Iran's suspect nuclear program, describing sanctions as a gift to the regime.
Isolated ... the regime is cracking down on opposition.
''These sanctions have given an excuse to the Iranian government to suppress the opposition by blaming them for the unstable situation of the country,'' Mr Karroubi said in emailed responses to questions.
Mr Karroubi, 73, a former speaker of parliament under the reformist president Mohammad Khatami, and a candidate in last year's election, said isolating Iran would not bring democracy.
Saint John police are investigating the suspicious death of a 44-year-old woman in the city's east end.
According to a news release issued by police, a tenant at a Melrose Street residence returned home from work early Sunday morning and found the woman, who also lived in the building, unresponsive in the backyard.
Police were called at 6:24 a.m. The victim was transported to the Saint John Regional Hospital where she was pronounced dead.
An autopsy will be conducted to determine the cause of death.
Police would not comment further, but said the Major Crimes Unit is investigating and more details will be released when they become available.
At about 8 a.m. Sunday morning, police were called to Ellerdale Street in Saint John where a 61-year-old woman had died. Police have not determined whether it is suspicious. However, they are securing the location until an autopsy can be performed and the cause of death determined.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
DO you know Francis Muir's sidekick in this video?
If so get in touch by calling the Daily Record news team on 0141 309 3251
Or you can email: reporters@dailyrecord.co.uk
WARNING: This video features foul and abusive language.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
HUNDREDS of thousands of Scots last night watched the shocking moment a street busker was subjected to a violent racist attack in Glasgow city centre.
Francis Muir's shameful assault on the street entertainer known as Melo was shown in the first episode of BBC Scotland series The Street.
In the clip Muir can be heard calling the African busker a “black b******”.
He then approaches Melo and says: “What about the f****** British or the homeless? You are taking the f****** p***. You are milking our country for thousands, ya f****** black b******."
Muir and a friend, who cannot be named for legal reasons, aim punches and kicks at Melo who is forced to defend himself with a metal trolley he uses for moving his music gear.
BBC bosses today revealed that 348,000 people tuned in to the programme at 10.35pm last night.
We told this week how the incident shocked politicians who have called for a national debate about racism in Scotland.
MSP Graeme Pearson, Labour's Shadow Justice secretary and a former police chief, said: "The documentary has caught the type of incident which, sadly, occurs probably most evenings somewhere in Scotland.
"It is symptomatic of a culture we need to tackle, in terms of racism and sectarianism – although at least those responsible in this instance were arrested.
"We need to come to terms with what is happening on our streets and change it."
Muir was eventually sentenced to a total of 10 months in prison for the attack and a separate incident in which he abused a female Asian police officer while out on bail. He has since moved from Glasgow to Kirkcaldy.
And in a brazen attempt to excuse his behaviour, the former nightclub bouncer claimed he was “a really nice guy” when contacted by the Daily Record this week.
He said claimed he only did it because he was “in a bad place” after splitting from his wife of six years.
Fibromyalgia is characterized by chronic pain and other symptoms, but a single treatment or medication is not available that can provide instant relief and cure the condition. Unfortunately, fibromyalgia patients are often forced to seek their own solutions to problems they encounter, and their doctors do not always understand. However, online medical videos provide an easy and fast way to gather information that can improve symptoms or diminish pain.
Advertisement
The growing medical industry has not neglected online videos, and multiple platforms have appeared that allow experts to share their advice with the world. Uscreen lets experts create videos online with their own digital storefronts, so others can sell, rent or subscribe to them. With a focus on building training and education material, it is possible to find experts creating entire serials for their work with individual chapters and episodes. This provides an effective way to share information with the public, and is particularly helpful for people with chronic health issues who cannot attend live conferences or visit fairs.
Diversity is one of the key features that is keeping the online medical video industry moving because topics are not being limited by big companies or hospitals. Instead, patient interest is influencing the type of content that is being produced by experts. Fibromyalgia patients can find information on low impact exercises, diet changes or medication advice from knowledgeable sources by checking the credentials of the video creators.
Read more about fibromyalgia:
Memantine drug shows promise for fibromyalgia
Fibromyalgia study focuses on brain stimulation to fight pain
0 Grandmothers beaten for days, head shaved after fight about volume of Steelers game
YOUNGWOOD, Pa. - A Westmoreland County woman and her daughter are facing charges after state police said they beat a 77-year-old woman for days after a fight about the volume of the Pittsburgh Steelers game.
Police said the fight with the victim started Sunday at the Youngwood home she shares with her daughter Delores Amorino and her 17-year-old granddaughter, Sarah, after the two women turned the volume of the television down.
Police said in court documents, that the victim locked herself in her bedroom and started listening to the radio. The Amorinos are accused of breaking the door jam and beating the woman with a metal-handled broom. The victim suffered several injuries to the face and body.
TRENDING NOW:
The assaults allegedly continued Monday, when police said Sarah used scissors and a shaver on the victim's head and choked her. Sarah is also accused of tying a scarf around the victim and leading her around like a puppy.
The victim told police she was led to believe that if she left to get help, she would be tracked down and beaten again.
Police may have never known, had they not received a phone call from a borough worker. The grandmother was bruised so badly she had to be taken to the hospital.
DOWNLOAD THE WPXI NEWS APP
Both women are facing a number of charges, including aggravated assault and false imprisonment
Both are charged as adults, but Sarah is being held in a juvenile facility.
Delores is in jail on $200,000 bond
Both face a preliminary hearing on Sept. 1.
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
U.S. President Donald Trump talks to journalists at the Oval Office of the White House after the AHCA health care bill was pulled before a vote in Washington, U.S. March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
(Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Friday approved a $25 million settlement to resolve a class action lawsuit that claimed fraud against President Donald Trump and his Trump University real estate seminars.
The ruling from U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel in San Diego concluded a lengthy and contentious lawsuit that played a prominent role in the presidential campaign last year.
The Trump University students, who paid as much as $35,000 for the seminars, claimed they were lured by false promises that they would learn Trump's investing “secrets” from his “hand-picked” instructors.
One Trump University student objected to the deal, in particular a provision blocking students from opting out of it. She said in court papers she would like to seek full recovery from Trump, plus punitive damages and other relief.
An attorney for that student could not immediately be reached for comment.
During the campaign, Trump vowed to continue fighting the fraud claims but agreed to the settlement soon after he was elected. He has admitted he did not personally select the instructors, but his lawyers have described the claim as sales “puffery.”
Last year, Trump accused Judge Curiel of bias based on the Indiana-born judge's Mexican ancestry.
In his ruling on Friday, Curiel called the $25 million settlement “extraordinary” in that it represented an estimated 80 percent recovery for the students.
“The amount offered in settlement provides significant and immediate recovery,” Curiel wrote.
Next in our line of memory reviews is a kit I have actually had at my work desk for a while. In the land of overclockers, synthetics are everything – if it can get a higher number on a screen, and that number can be pushed, then it is worth it. Thus in steps comes G.Skill with their high end TridentX range, pushing the boat from DDR3-2400 (both 4GB and 8GB modules) all the way up to DDR3-2800 (4GB modules only). The kit we are testing today falls right in the middle of all of this, being a 2x4 GB kit of DDR3-2666 11-13-13. This is an 8 GB kit that retails at $170, and for that money we could easily pick up a 2x8 GB 2400 C10 kit. Proof will be in the pudding as we put this kit through the testing suite – let us see if it is actually relevant for day-to-day use.
G.Skill 2x4GB DDR3-2666 C11 Kit Overview
Back in our initial memory overview, I gave a couple of formulae in order to calculate (at a high level) how a memory kit should act in sequential and random reads. The formulas were:
Time to read one word: CL * 2000/MHz
Time to read eight words: CL * 2000/MHz + (7*1000/MHz)
Applying this to the G.Skill kit we have in today gives us 8.25ns for a one word read, and 10.88ns for reading eight words. For comparison, the following memory speeds offer similar scores:
DDR3-2000 C8: 8.00ns/11.50ns
DDR3-2133 C9: 8.44ns/11.72ns
DDR3-2133 C10: 9.38ns/12.66ns
DDR3-2400 C10: 8.33ns/11.25ns
DDR3-2400 C11: 9.17ns/12.08ns
DDR3-2600 C10: 7.69ns/10.38ns
DDR3-2600 C11: 8.46ns/11.15ns
DDR3-2666 C10: 7.50ns/10.13ns
DDR3-2666 C11: 8.25ns/10.88ns
DDR3-2800 C11: 7.86ns/10.36ns
DDR3-2800 C12: 8.57ns/11.07ns
Most of these kits should be available for sale around the same price, but purely by these numbers the 2666 C11 has an advantage over both the 2400 C10 and the 2800 C12. Moving up to 2666 C10 obviously has the advantages of the lower command rate.
With the G.Skill 2666 C11 kit we are testing today, as it is the highest rated kit we have tested, it clearly gets top marks across almost all of our benchmarks. Obviously there are some benchmarks that enjoy the MHz (Batman:AA, WinRAR), but others either tend towards a limit (Portal 2 on IGP) due to other factors becoming limiting, or some would prefer more memory as a whole (Thunderbolt copying, more on that later), or others need a nicer balance between MHz and Command Rate (catia in SPECviewperf).
The kit is also great at overclocking. Like I said, I have had this kit for a while, and part of playing around with the kit was an attempt to push the MHz as far as it would go. In that respect the kit easily pushed 2800 C11 at stock volts, and 2950 C12 with a bit more juice. Given that plenty of kits on the market will not move an inch above XMP at stock volts, this is nice to see.
The downsides to this kit are predominantly two-fold. The cost per GB is astronomical, especially compared to the other kits we have tested. In our memory overview, the 1866 C9 4x4GB kit performed at almost the same level as this 2666 C11 2x4GB kit for double the capacity and $75 less. That is a shocking statement – the only way to show that the 2666 C11 kit is a mountain and a half better than the 1866 C9 kit is through synthetics, which rarely have a real-world influence, especially in memory.
As a result, this kit is purely for the extreme overclockers out there – those that need and can feel the difference between 2666 C11 and 2400 C11 by virtue of the number they get on a screen. It will be some time before a kit of this high specifications comes down to a reasonable price (sub $100) for the rest of the userbase to be interested.
Specifications
G.Skill GeIL G.Skill Kit Speed 1333 1600 1866 2133 2400 2400 2666 Subtimings 9-9-9-24 9-9-9-24 9-10-9-28 9-11-10-28 11-12-12-30 10-12-12-31 11-13-13-35 Price $75 $80 $95 $130 $150 $145 $170 XMP No Yes Yes Yes Yes Size 4 x 4 GB 4 x 4 GB 4 x 4 GB 4 x 4 GB 2 x 8GB 4 x 4 GB 2x4GB MHz 1333 1600 1867 2134 2401 2401 2667 Voltage 1.500 1.500 1.500 1.650 1.650 1.650 1.650 tCL 9 9 9 9 11 10 11 tRCD 9 9 10 11 12 12 13 tRP 9 9 9 10 12 12 13 tRAS 24 24 28 28 30 31 35 tRC 33 33 37 38 47 43 48 tWR 10 12 14 16 14 16 16 tRRD 4 5 5 6 6 7/6 7 tRFC 107 128 150 171 362 313 214/213 tWTR 5 6 8/7 9/8 8 10/9 10 tRTP 5 6 8/7 9/8 8 10/9 10 tFAW 20 24 24 25 27 26 27 tCWL - 7 7 7 11 7 7 CR - 2 2 2 2 2 2
The big change over previous kits is the tRFC, the Row Refresh Cycle time. tRFC is defined as the minimum wait in cycles required following a refresh to an idle bank before it can be again activated for access. This should mean that reads from subsequent rows requiring a refresh will be faster compared to the 2400 C10/C11 kits we have tested.
Visual Inspection
This TridentX kit is essentially the same as the previous TridentX 2400 C10 kit we reviewed - TridentX is one notch above RipjawsZ, and spans kits from DDR3-2400 C9 to DDR3-2800 C11. The main features on the kit (aside from the speeds) are the heatsinks, to which G.Skill have added a detachable fin. Without the fin, the module is approximately 9mm above the module, and with the fin the total height is 22mm above the PCB. That is a lot of height for a memory module that in 99% of circumstances would not produce enough temperature to trouble any build.
In order to remove the fin there is a screw at each end of the module, and the fin slides off effortlessly. The fins fit very well, but upon attempting to reattach a fin I was unable to get it on as securely as it came out of the box, leaving a little wobble in the fin. There is no cause for alarm if you get a module with a wobbly fin – nothing is wrong, and it will not affect the heat dissipation as much as most users may think. Most modules output a few watts at best, so dissipation of several watts of energy without a fin is simple enough.
One thing I should point out with the TridentX modules is the fins are actually very sharp – if you are trying to put these modules into a motherboard where the range of movement to apply pressure is small, wear some gloves. I actually did take some skin off my hand doing exactly this, trying to use my fingers and palm to push the modules down.
As with the previous TridentX 2400C10 kit, putting such a large module in our TRUE Copper scenario was a recipe for disaster:
Even putting the module in the second slot faired no better:
All the testing for this review was done on an ASUS P8Z77-V Premium motherboard with the Intel stock cooler, so module movement is not much an issue in that case, but big air coolers still get a lot of usage (and is more often than not an investment over several updates), so there are things to consider when purchasing memory.
It happened again. Well actually, it happens all the time but I got inadvertently drawn into it again. I'm referring to this:
Totally secure! Not just “pretty” secure or “really” secure but totally secure! I need to learn how to do that.
Now this was in response to the following tweet:
This is a familiar banter; a concerned customer raises a valid point about the technical implementation of a system and they're brushed off by a customer care Oompa Loompa with a totally insufficient or incorrect response and then things escalate from there. It's exactly what happened when Tesco did this a few months back:
That now infamous tweet has been retweeted over 2,000 times and the subsequent blog post read about 150,000 times. Bugger for Tesco.
The problem, of course, is that customer service folks are usually the coalface for the organisation's social media presence are simply not equipped to provide technical responses and nor should they be expected to. But there are a few simple tips they could apply that would save them from spiralling into an unwinable online embarrassment.
1. Never get drawn into technical debates
Customer care attempting to justify technical positions is nothing more than bringing a knife to a gunfight. I'm generalising here because there are inevitably cases where technical people man the corporate Twitter feed but that doesn't tend to happen in large organisations. In most cases, there are dedicated support folks who are trained specifically to deal with customers – that's their expertise.
Take the Tesco example above; this is an entirely nonsensical statement and the reason it has been retweeted a couple of thousand times is because frankly, it makes them look stupid. It's stupid to the point of being humorous.
But of course there shouldn't be any expectation for the social media coalface of a large organisation to understand the intricacies of cryptographically secure password storage – that's not what they're there for. STEP AWAY FROM THE KEYBOARD! Customer care is highly unlikely to add any value to a discussion like this and can very easily turn a simple discussion between two people into a public embarrassment.
2. Never allow public debate to escalate
The exchange with wishgenie earlier on wasn't the beginning of things, you have to go back a few days for that:
At this point, the customer posted on their public timeline and merely mentioned wishgenie and that was the extent of it. Unfortunately wishgenie was a little slow off the mark in responding which was the catalyst for a follow-up tweet. That in turn garnered support from a follower who also included me in the thread:
Unfortunately, because wishgenie wasn't able to respond before the customer prompted them again, the whole thing escalated. Their earlier response about “all data on our system is totally secure” naturally escalated things even further.
3. Always take potentially volatile discussions off the public timeline
Let me share an exchange I had earlier this week with St. George bank:
See that? One simple response in less than 140 characters achieved the following:
Showed a genuine concern for the problem I raised Gave me a means of making direct contact (they followed me to allow DMs) Didn't make any public excuses or other assertions Took the discussion private so there's no public sharing
That third point is particularly relevant as it's what went wrong with both wishgenie and Tesco; they've both let themselves get drawn into a public debate which was then weighed in on by numerous other parties. Instead of immediately shutting the problem down (at least publicly), they both poured fuel on the fire.
4. Make technical people available (privately)
Customer care folks are not going to be able to adequately address issues of a technical nature such as the ones above. Now mind you, we're not always talking about security, sometimes it's about browser compatibility or performance or any other number of topics related to the technology domain.
The only way to properly address these concerns is to involve someone who actually understands them. In the Tesco case, if someone had privately contacted me and said “Look, here's why things are as they are and here's what we're doing about it”, that would have been it. I almost certainly wouldn't have followed up and picked more holes in their implementation.
5. Never be dismissive
Regardless of the subject matter, if someone raises a genuine concern and they feel like they get the brush off, it's going to get under their skin. What do I mean by “brush off”? Here's a good example:
Frankly, this verges on being patronising and at the very best is dismissive. Here's someone who raises a genuine concern and gets a very generic, broad response in return. It does nothing to address the actual issue the customer raised (or in this case, drew attention to) and at the very least, they could have reverted to point 2 above and asked to be DM'd with any concerns. In all likelihood the customer may not have even followed up, but at least they wouldn't have been left feeling dismissed.
Footnote
In their defence, it does appear that wishgenie is no longer emailing passwords and is instead sending a reset. Does that mean they're implemented cryptographically secure hashes? You decide:
Why is Apache Vulnerable by Default?
Tim Cotten Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 12, 2016
6 Risks Still Around For No Reason
Apache is the most popular web server on Earth, with a market share of 46.4% — well above Nginx (21.8%) and Microsoft IIS (9.8%). Thanks to Linux package managers like Yum and APT you can install and get it up and running in minutes. The core installation even features powerful modules for URL rewriting, user authentication, and more.
With a low barrier to entry and such a mature feature set it's no wonder it's the go-to web server for standalone developers and enterprise DevOps teams alike.
Given that same market maturity: why is it still vulnerable by default?
See For Yourself: Installing Apache with Yum
Let's examine the initial state of Apache 2 after a fresh installation to identify security risks.
For the purposes of our test we'll spin up a t2.micro instance in Amazon's EC2 cloud using RHEL7 (we could have just as easily chosen another distribution like CentOS).
Spinning Up a t2.micro Instance on EC2
The only non-default settings will be opening ports 80 and 443 in the security group when we're creating the instance.
(New to AWS and EC2? Getting Started with Amazon EC2 Linux Instances)
Step 1: Update the currently installed packages
sudo yum update -y
Step 2: Install Apache 2
sudo yum install httpd -y
Step 3: Add the Apache service to startup, and start the Apache web server
sudo systemctl enable httpd.service
sudo systemctl start httpd.service
Are we running now? Let's navigate to the IP address of our instance with a web browser and find out.
Red Hat Enterprise Linux Default Welcome Page
Great! Although if you don't see the above test page or receive an error there are a slew of things that could be wrong (firewalls, blocked ports, etc). Detailed configuration instructions can be found on guides like this one on CertDepot: https://www.certdepot.net/rhel7-install-apache/
What's Wrong Already? PCI Scan Results
The payment card industry (PCI) requires merchants (online or off) to follow their requirements for secure credit card processing. These same requirements and guidelines generally follow along with the latest security research, making it a good foundation to assess risk. Let's do a PCI DSS compliance scan to survey the landscape of vulnerabilities.
(New to PCI DSS? https://www.pcicomplianceguide.org/pci-faqs-2/)
For the purposes of our test we'll use the Trustwave TrustKeeper® platform (more options: PCI Approved Scanning Vendors) to run a vulnerability scan of our new web server. As a caveat to any such system, automated PCI vulnerability scans often find false positives and can't magically find every hole in a system's security. They should be treated as the bare minimum of due diligence, not a guarantee of a secured system.
Initial PCI Compliance Scan Results
Here's a full list of the identified vulnerabilities:
Apache HTTP Server mod_log_config Denial of Service Vulnerability
Apache HTTP Server mod_dav Denial of Service Vulnerability
Apache HTTP Server mod_deflate Denial of Service Vulnerability
Apache HTTP Server mod_lua module access restriction bypass
Apache HTTP Server Bypass Access Restriction Vulnerability via Require Directive
Apache HTTP Server Request Smuggling Vulnerability via Invalid Chunk-Extension Characters
HTTP TRACE/TRACK Methods Enabled
HTTPoxy Vulnerability
Indexable Web Directories
No X-FRAME-OPTIONS Header
Discovered HTTP Methods
Discovered Web Directories
False Positives: Red Hat Backports Fixes
The above list has six false positives — the very first six in the list, represented by the following Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures: CVE-2014-0098, CVE-2013-6438, CVE-2014-0118, CVE-2014-8109, CVE-2015-3185, and CVE-2015-3183.
There are two things to know:
The “evidence” the PCI scanner found was that the Apache version number detected (2.4.6) was less than the Apache version in which these CVEs were patched. The latest version of Apache is actually 2.4.23 (as of 2016-10-12)
Why is our fresh installation of Apache not the newest version?
Don't worry. It is.
Red Hat has a policy of backporting the latest CVE fixes into their own packages — this allows critical patches even after certain major version releases have reached end-of-life and official support has ended.
In reality those issues have already been resolved, but since the PCI scanner only sees version 2.4.6 it believes those issues still exist. It didn't actually try out the vulnerabilities to assess their existence, it only checked the version number.
That begs the question: how did it even know what version of Apache is running on the server?
#1 Hide the Server Version and OS
A quick look with Inspect Element in Chrome shows us what the default welcome page's header contained.
Exposed Server Version and Operating System Details
Not only is the server version listed, but the operating system too!
There is no valid case for broadcasting this information in a production (e.g. public) environment. This is a classic example of information leakage: if a new exploit is found affecting a specific version of Apache (and/or OS combination) then this server is on a target list for someone, somewhere, to attack.
Mitigation is simple — edit the ./conf/httpd.conf file to include (or alter) the following configuration lines and restart Apache:
ServerTokens Prod
ServerSignature Off
Apache Without Server Signature
Excellent, the server signature with version and operating system information is gone. How does this change the results of our PCI scan? Here's what's left:
HTTP TRACE/TRACK Methods Enabled
Indexable Web Directories
No X-FRAME-OPTIONS Header
Discovered HTTP Methods
Discovered Web Directories
#2 Disable the HTTP TRACE Method
HTTP TRACE is used to echo back input for debugging purposes. It has no place in a production environment and is a direct threat due to the risk of Cross-site Scripting (XSS). Using the TRACE method for such an attack is referred to as Cross-site Tracing (XST).
(Learn more: CVE-2004-2320, CVE-2010-0386)
As with hiding the server version information, just edit httpd.conf with the following configuration line and globally disable the TRACE method:
TraceEnable Off
Once you restart Apache at least one method of leaking cookies and web authentication credentials has been eliminated.
You've probably caught on that the theme of this article is all about the real world usage of Apache, and in the real world there's almost never a need to use TRACE.
#3 Limit HTTP Methods to GET, HEAD, POST
HTTP supports a lot of different methods, but unless you're building an API or web application you should restrict them to prevent information leakage.
By limiting the HTTP methods to GET, HEAD, and POST you remove the OPTIONS method (enabled by default) and prevent future unintended usage of PUT, DELETE, CONNECT, and PATCH as well.
A few more lines in httpd.conf will accomplish this:
<Location />
<LimitExcept GET HEAD POST>
Require all denied
</LimitExcept>
</Location>
#4 Just Say No to Indexes
Welcome to the year 2016: indexable web directories are both a security risk (did you mean to show everyone all those files, even the configuration files and developer notes?) and a visual clue that the website's configuration is in its default, vulnerable state.
There are still valid uses for indexes, such as in file storage mirrors, archives, etc. — if it's that important to a user then they can be enabled via an .htaccess file on a folder by folder basis.
For everyone else, disable them globally by by editing the httpd.conf and adding these configuration lines before the <Directory> blocks:
Options -Indexes
Note that it's outside the <Directory> blocks, making it a truly global effect that can be overridden on a more granular level.
Now, find the <Directory /var/www/html> block and change the Options statement within to:
Options -Indexes +FollowSymLinks
Make sure you also adjust the AllowOverride directive in the same block from ‘None' to:
AllowOverride All
In a sane world this would be enough, but Apache includes Fancy Indexes and the /icons folder has a specific override in ./conf.d/autoindex.conf that needs to be edited:
<Directory "/usr/share/httpd/icons">
Options -Indexes +MultiViews +FollowSymlinks
AllowOverride None
Require all granted
</Directory>
Once you restart Apache you'll no longer see indexes available for directories, but you can override that behavior as needed with .htaccess files at the directory level.
#5 Basic Clickjacking Defense with X-Frame-Options
Clickjacking is a persistent threat.
You don't want your own content to be used maliciously to trick users into performing harmful actions, and much time and effort has been put into developing defenses such as frame breaking/busting.
Modern browsers support the X-Frame-Options header to define when and where frames are allowed to display your content. It's not a perfect solution and has limitations, but is a foundation for a successful anti-clickjacking strategy.
Adding this configuration line to Apache's httpd.conf will make frames available only from the same originating domain:
Header always append X-Frame-Options SAMEORIGIN
This is a reasonable approach to framed content for an initial production push of a web site. Further exceptions can be defined using the ALLOW-FROM option.
Congratulations! Now that we've dealt with the readily identifiable vulnerabilities and exposures from the PCI report we should examine one more security issue caused by the default configuration.
#6 Basic XSS Prevention
Cross-site scripting will ruin you and your users' day — representing one of the severest threats to otherwise benign web experiences. XSS is all about executing malicious code (like stealing cookies) on unsuspecting victims.
For instance, one classic vulnerability has been in discussion forums that allowed embedded JavaScript (by obfuscating the <script> tags) that, once posted, exposed the login credentials of every reader to a data-gathering URL slurping up the compromised identities.
One simple preventative step is to take advantage of forcing XSS Protection for compatible browsers by adding this configuration line to httpd.conf:
Header set X-XSS-Protection "1; mode=block"
You can learn more about the development of this XSS Filter on Microsoft's blog.
Why Not Change the Default Configuration?
The six examples above are just a few of the immediate ways Apache is vulnerable out-of-the-box. Googling ‘hardening apache' yields plenty of articles and blogs dedicated to the topic.
Why not just include these changes as defaults in the Apache configuration files from the start?
Are there valid reasons that the above six configuration changes should not be the default behaviors? Especially when installed by package managers?
I'm sure arguments could be made for Apache being highly configurable and that being able to debug/diagnose installations quickly is important. Maybe you could make a case for wanting it to be as ‘unrestricted' as possible in its initial state — after all, you can do almost anything with a web server these days!
But still, in day-to-day usage Apache is running web sites. It's exceptionally good at it, and has a majority market share consisting of users with widely varying degrees of experience. We know the broadest use case demands closing the vulnerabilities listed above, so why not give Apache admins the best possible head start?
Why leave Apache vulnerable by default?
Jack Le Brocq's Dunlop Series Ford will compete in this weekend's Bathurst 250 with support from digital currency community Dogecoin.
The crowdfunding program has been implemented for the Erebus Academy driver after a similar effort to sponsor Erebus' main V8 Supercars operation earlier this year failed to meet the required target.
Dogecoin's interest in V8 Supercars follows its sponsorship of NASCAR Sprint Cup driver Josh Wise, who was a shock winner of the fan vote at the Sprint Cup All-Star race in May thanks to the support of the online community.
The 22-year-old Le Brocq drives an Image Racing prepared Ford in the Dunlop Series, sitting 12th in points five rounds into his rookie season.
“We've got a big community behind us that we've done a few online chats with already so it's great to have that support,” Le Brocq told Speedcafe.com of the Dogecoin backing.
“We'll be doing our best to get their name out there more as well as my own, so it works well for both of us.”
Le Brocq, a former Australian Formula Ford champion, has fought hard to find round-to-round sponsorship this season in order to keep the ex-Stone Brothers Racing FG on the grid.
“It's been pretty full-on trying to get to each round,” he said.
“Perth, Townsville and Queensland, it was give-or-take as to whether we were going or not.
“Perth was the closest, we actually said no to going before Terry (Wyhoon, team owner) was able to pull something together at the last minute for us.
“It's not the ideal way to prepare for a race meeting, but you've got to do what you've got to do to get to the race track.
“Hopefully next year we can lock something in on a permanent basis so we can fully focus on the racing side of it.”
Le Brocq has yet to record a top five finish this year and admits that the second-tier V8 Supercars class has proven “more difficult than I thought it was going to be”.
He heads to Bathurst on a run of three top 10 finishes however, and will be further boosted by the assistance of regularly workshop-based Erebus engineer Nathan Leech for the weekend.
Le Brocq had started the year with Erebus general manager Barry Ryan engineering his entry, but has had to rely solely on Image staff over recent events due to Ryan's commitments with the Erebus GT and V8 Ute programs.
The mid-season withdrawal of Le Brocq's experienced team-mate Taz Douglas has also added to the challenge of getting up to speed in V8 Supercars.
While this weekend marks Le Brocq's first Bathurst in a V8 Supercar, he has proven strong at the Mountain venue aboard the wheel of Formula Ford and GT machinery, including a starring role in this year's Bathurst 12 Hour with Erebus.
“I'm looking forward to seeing how it all pans out with the strategy and pitstops,” he said of the 250km Bathurst format.
“It's new to a lot of people in the series so there could be a few dramas.
“For me it'll be about keeping the car straight, getting to the end and hopefully we'll have a result.
“Driving the GT car there is definitely helpful for me because it's one of those places where any laps you do help.
“It's going to be a bit daunting going there for the first time in a Supercar, but we'll go in there with a clear mind and just see how it goes.”
Le Brocq hopes that a solid performance this weekend will help cement a maiden Pirtek Enduro Cup appearance next season.
Image caption Chen Ching-fu's Bamboo Culture Park aims to highlight the importance and benefits of using bamboo
Bamboo is ubiquitous in Chinese culture. Sturdy and tenacious, it symbolises virtue.
In fact, the plant has had a profound impact on the daily life, culture and spirituality of the Chinese.
In the past, a wide variety of products were made from bamboo - from roof tiles and rafts, to shoes, furniture and agricultural tools.
But despite the close relationship between Chinese-speaking societies and the natural material, Taiwan's bamboo industry has suffered a decline in recent decades.
It nearly collapsed because of people's preference for more modern-looking products, or just cheaper plastic goods - and the impact of less expensive bamboo imports from China and South East Asia.
Never did we imagine bamboo can be used to make so many different products Chen Ching-fu, General manager of the Bamboo Culture Park
Nowhere was this more apparent than in central Taiwan's Zhushan or "Bamboo Mountain" town.
Hundreds of families used to make bamboo products there in the centre of the country's bamboo industry. Now there are only about 50.
It's a trend reflected in other parts of Taiwan - only about 240 bamboo-products businesses remain on the island.
"In the past, every part of Taiwan had people working in this industry, but over the years, bamboo has been replaced by plastic or steel to make all sorts of products, such as clothes hanging poles, baby cribs, and furniture," says Yang Chun-hsien, director of the Forestry Bureau's reforestation and production division.
However, an earthquake and strong resolve on the part of the government and industry to continue using bamboo have led to a revival and transformation in its use.
Image caption Bamboo charcoal now finds its way into items such as shampoo
In recent years, bamboo has been used to make items never before associated with the plant - from shampoo and insect repellent, to socks, gloves, and even roasted peanuts.
This reinvention of how bamboo is used has made it possible for the small family businesses which make up the industry to stay alive and to start reversing the decades of decline.
Health benefits?
At the height of bamboo production in Taiwan in the 1970s, more than 13 million stalks were harvested each year, and sales of the stalks alone - not including the finished products - amounted to $3.5m (£2.1m) per annum.
Plastic is very cheap and can be used for longer, but what a shame, bamboo is more environmentally friendly Yang Chun-hsien, Forestry Bureau
But in the past decade, the annual harvest amounted to only about 1.67 million stalks with sales adding up to just $456,000 - a little over 10% of the peak level.
Production and sales, however, have been steadily climbing in recent years.
Following a devastating earthquake on 21 September 1999 centred in Nantou county, where Zhushan lies, the central government decided to help the local economy by commissioning the country's non-profit Industrial Technology Research Institute (ITRI) to find new ways to help the bamboo industry grow.
ITRI developed a method to carbonise bamboo stalks to produce high quality bamboo charcoal, which has a multitude of different uses.
Naturally insulating, the charcoal can be turned into fibres and woven into fabric to make hats, scarves, gloves, socks and pants.
Also said to be health giving, it is increasingly added to bodycare products, such as skin creams.
Image caption The Bamboo Culture Park celebrates the plant and the wide range of products that can be made from it
Meanwhile, in industry it is used to purify water and air.
Yet its most unusual application has to be in the production of bamboo charcoal-coated peanuts - which look exactly as they sound - peanuts covered with charcoal.
Many people who have never tasted them are queasy about giving them a try, but they actually taste good, not at all like charcoal, and are believed to have health benefits.
Image caption Mr Lin's business has now diversified
Such diversification has bought new hope to Taiwan's bamboo industry.
"When I was growing up, the toys we played with were made of bamboo," says Chen Ching-fu, general manager of the Bamboo Culture Park in Zhushan - a manufacturer of bamboo product, and the first visitor attraction in Taiwan devoted to the plant.
"Bamboo was all around us, but never did we imagine bamboo can be used to make so many different types of products."
Like other businesses, Mr Chen's now sells not only traditional bamboo furniture, but other products such as air fresheners and clothing.
Besides bamboo charcoal, the Taiwanese have also found ways to use the actual bamboo to make a much wider variety of products than their ancestors did, including floor panels, pens, clothes hangers and even laptop casings.
Sales of goods made from all forms of bamboo in Taiwan now reach $100m, with exports increasing alongside domestic sales.
New spin
One of the trends helping to drive the revival of the industry is the return of second or third generation young people to help run family businesses.
Lin Li-wei, 36, worked at a post office in the capital Taipei after graduating from college. But, making only about $600 a month, he came back to assist his father, who made bamboo ear diggers used by Chinese and Japanese people to remove earwax.
Image caption Lin Li-wei moved back to join the family business
He's now put a new spin on the family business - making modern looking clocks, lamps and wall lights out of bamboo. He has been receiving orders for his creations.
"My father supports me trying to innovate," says Mr Lin. "Only through innovations can we add value to our products and continue our business."
Now he and his father make $5,000 a month.
Many of the manufacturers in Zhushan are breaking even, but not making big profits. Still, they persevere, seeing it as their mission to continue to promote the use of bamboo.
Bamboo grows fast - just five years to reach maturity, making it one of the most environmentally-friendly plants to use. So growers and industry leaders hope they can replace the use of many types of other wood, and plastic.
"Plastic is very cheap and can be used for a longer time, but what a shame. Bamboo is more environmentally friendly, no chemicals are used to make bamboo products, and the trees grow without the need for fertiliser or pesticides," said the Forestry Bureau's Mr Yang.
"Bamboo can also absorb a lot of carbon dioxide and can reduce greenhouse gases."
Back at the Bamboo Culture Park, Mr Chen has created a do-it-yourself workshop where schoolchildren and other tourists can learn how bamboo charcoal is made and make their own bamboo products.
"Taiwan can't be without bamboo because it's a material we've relied on for generations," says Mr Chen. "I want to help people understand the importance and benefits of using bamboo."
To hear Cindy Sui's radio version of her look at Taiwan's bamboo industry, check out the latest edition of the BBC World Service's Business Matters programme.
This was originally published in the Forbes Magazine Blog by one of their regular columnists, Laurie Essig. They pulled it after a few hours and fired Essig as a columnist. She named the unspeakable: Male Violence. I reprint it here with her permission so that it can be widely shared. December 17th, 2012
Many people are already commenting on what can and cannot be said about the shootings in Newtown, CT. Words like unspeakable evil and gun control are said and unsaid as our country struggles to make sense of the incomprehensible. But some of the words being used about the tragedy are perhaps even more important to pay attention to. Words like “parents” are dominating much of President Obama's and the nation's public processing of the event even as other words like “masculinity” and “gender' remain unsaid.
As I drove home from work Friday with two colleagues who are not parents, I cringed when I heard Obama's words:“I react not as a president, but as anybody else would as a parent. And that was especially true today. I know there's not a parent in America who doesn't feel the same overwhelming grief that I do."Our President was somehow suggesting that parents are more able to feel the pain and horror of this tragedy. This is in line with other ideological claims that people who are parents and are married are somehow better than and more deserving of rights than those who are not, but surely people who are not parents are just as grief stricken by the massacre at the Sandy Hook school.
It happened again yesterday when the President addressed the grieving community in Newtown. "With their very first cry, this most precious, vital part of ourselves — our child — is suddenly exposed to the world, to possible mishap or malice. And every parent knows there is nothing we will not do to shield our children from harm. And yet, we also know that with that child's very first step, and each step after that, they are separating from us; that we won't — that we can't always be there for them… It comes as a shock at a certain point where you realize, no matter how much you love these kids, you can't do it by yourself. That this job of keeping our children safe, and teaching them well, is something we can only do together, with the help of friends and neighbors, the help of a community, and the help of a nation. And in that way, we come to realize that we bear a responsibility for every child because we're counting on everybody else to help look after ours; that we're all parents; that they're all our children."
Although Obama offers all Americans the possibility of being “parents” he also continues to locate the need and desire to protect children in the role of reproduction and outside other roles like teachers or even adults who have close and binding relationships with children who are not their own.Yet even as Obama made the love of children about the reproductive family, he refused acknowledge the evidence that is before us: our love for children might in fact be far more about gender than about parenting.
Consider these facts:~There have been nineteen mass shootings in the past five years every single one of these mass shootings has been committed by a man~On the exact same day the massacre in Newtown happened, a man in Chenpeng, China walked into a kindergarten and stabbed 22 children and an 85-year old. This is one of a growing number of knife attacks in China, all committed by men against school children and young women.~ Far more women (and Blacks, Democrats, and residents of the Northeast) support gun control than men.
As terrible as it is to say aloud, we must acknowledge that masculinity, far more than parenthood, is what makes these tragedies comprehensible. Even as we discuss what we as a country ought or ought not to do about gun control and mental illness, we also need to look deep inside ourselves and ask if there is something pathological about a masculinity so deeply and fully rooted in violence. That violence occurs in play- whether video games or sports, but it also occurs as a measure of manhood, a demand that “real men” are willing to kill for their country or even to “protect” their family. And until our President and we as a culture are willing to talk about manhood, the twentieth mass shooting will undoubtedly be just ahead on an increasingly grim horizon.
It would be silly to pigeonhole Amber Sparks‘s fiction into some fixed genre. Like Kelly Link and Heather Fowler, she writes speculative stories grounded in everyday realism. The Unfinished World and Other Stories—her second collection of short stories after 2012's May We Shed These Human Bodies—is equal parts fairy tale, steampunk, magical realism, myth, fantasy, and allegory, as well as grim realism, sly satire, and finely wrought character studies.
Sparks's love of flash fiction—which only hints at the story being told, like the thick mortar between a longer story's bricks—creates the sum effect of “a long cavernous, mazy sort of trail.” She begins with the primeval, the strange, and then applies it to modern life. “I feel like these stories do two things,” she says. “They say something about us now, and say something about us always, this weird young race that's just hanging out all alone in this corner of the universe.” Which makes her fiction akin to the work of Amelia Gray (less dark, though no less challenging) or Blake Butler (less navel-gazing, though just as playful).
Of the nineteen stories in The Unfinished World, there isn't one that leaves an astute reader unsatisfied. In the opening tale, “The Janitor in Space,” a cleaning lady in a space station “doesn't know about metaphors but she knows that even the smallest human vessel has boundless storage for sorrow.” In one of the collection's most celebrated stories, “The Cemetery for Lost Faces,” a decaying family's sole heirs find bizarre solace in taxidermy.
Throughout, Sparks employs a dark humor and a deep melodrama that Nick Cave would approve of, yet she is hardly lachrymose. Sparks succeeds because she has already mastered the form of the radiantly condensed short story. “The Logic of the Loaded Heart,” about every white trash John in Wisconsin, is framed as a mockery of SAT questions that revels in our own classlessness:
If John is three, and John's mother is six times his age, how old was John's mother when John was conceived in the back of Al Neill's pickup truck after a Styx concert in Milwaukee? If John's parents spend 100 times zero days being actual parents to John, how many days' total is that? Does your answer change if John's mother sometimes bought him Mr Pibb and lottery tickets when she stopped at the gas station on her way home from work?
It's a challenge opening to a story, but Sparks isn't telling some tabloid narrative, she's questioning our own pretenses. One of Sparks' strengths is not just her ability to craft an allegory, but also to make “pleasurable” things unsettling. In “Take Your Daughter to the Slaughter,” the tradition of deerhunting is given a slight twist by having daughters, not sons, hunt with fathers. The prey also changes from whitetails to werewolves.
Some of us feel sorry for the werewolves. Some of us do not want to kill, the soft thunk of bullet in flesh a thing apart from the hard clean splintering of wood and paint. Our fathers remind us of what we already know: the werewolves are a pestilence, a plague upon our forests, and killing them makes a good sport and a kind deed. There are too many werewolves, our fathers tell us; if we do not cull the herd they will starve to death come winter. They will spread disease and decay.
But these are mere snippets. The best stories in the collection (“Thirteen Ways of Destroying a Painting,” “La Belle du Nuit, La Belle du Jour,” “The Men and Women Like Him,” “The Process of Human Decay,” and the eponymous novella-length story) don't just demand your attention, they compel you to re-read. The Unfinished World and Other Stories entices readers through its fabulist premises, but the pleasure gleaned from the stories isn't cursory: it's meticulous, the kind of joy that crawls under your skin and lives for days, driving you mad for more.
FICTION – SHORT STORIES
The Unfinished World and Other Stories by Amber Sparks
Liveright Publishing
Published January 25th, 2016
ISBN 9781631490903
Ms. Hall said that after years of what she described as a turbulent relationship with Mr. Altman - who was jailed for molesting her granddaughter - her story now has a happy ending.
''The whole reward to me,'' she said, ''is to bring this beautiful instrument back to the world.''
It is also, of course, a happy ending for Lloyd's, which paid Bronislaw Huberman, the Polish virtuoso, $30,000 for the loss of his violin and whose underwriters are to pay Ms. Hall a reward of an undisclosed amount. The Stradivarius is now insured for $800,000.
Charles Beare, the dealer who identified the instrument for Lloyd's, plans to refurbish it and display it this summer at a festival in Cremona, Italy, marking the 250th anniversary of the death of the reknowned violin maker, Antonio Stradivari. 'One of the Great Stradivaris'
Mr. Beare eventually expects to sell the violin for Lloyd's, either at an auction or a private sale, according to his associates in London. They declined to estimate its value but noted that some Stradivarius violins have sold for as much as $1 million. Stradivari made more than 1,000 violins, violas and violoncellos; some 600 are known to survive.
Marianne Wurlitzer, a New York dealer in antique musical instruments and manuscripts who talked with Mr. Beare before he left New York, said, ''This was one of the great Stradivaris.''
Some Stradivarius violins, according to dealers, are named for their former owners, and this one was known as the Gibson, for George Alfred Gibson, a professor of violin at the Royal Academy who died in 1924.
According to newspaper accounts, the Gibson was bought early in the century by Mr. Huberman, an internationally known master and teacher of the violin. And it was stolen from him twice.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The first theft, in 1919, was in Vienna, and the violin was recovered a few days later. The second theft, on Feb. 28, 1936, was from a dressing room in Carnegie Hall while Mr. Huberman was giving a recital with a Guarnerius violin one floor below.
According to an account in The New York Times the next day, a secretary told Mr. Huberman between pieces that his violin had been stolen.
''It is insured; do not worry,'' he was quoted as telling her. ''Tell me about it when I have finished the program. But go now and call the police the first thing you do.''
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Lloyd's paid Mr. Huberman for his loss that year. In 1947, Mr. Huberman died at his home in Switzerland at the age of 64. And the theft remained unsolved until Mr. Beare went to Ms. Hall's house in this suburban town in western Connecticut last Friday. 'I Became Smitten'
Harold M. Foster, a lawyer and cousin of Ms. Hall, said that after Mr. Altman's death on Aug. 15, 1985, he helped trace the underwriters who had paid Mr. Huberman. ''They, of course, are the owners of the violin,'' he said, referring to Lloyd's.M Ms. Hall, 69, said she met Mr. Altman in Washington in 1968 while awaiting a divorce from her first husband. They met at a restaurant where Mr. Altman was entertaining, she said, and he played ''Lara's Theme'' for her.
''He played it like a dream,'' she said. ''I became smitten. It turned out to be a long love affair. I call it now an obsession I had.''
She said Mr. Altman had been a first violinist with the National Symphony Orchestera in Washington and had played the violin at many social gatherings. She showed copies of autographed pictures to Mr. Altman from President Richard M. Nixon and Vice President Hubert H. Humphrey. A Guilty Plea
Ms. Hall said she married Mr. Altman in Las Vegas in March 1985, two days before he was to be sentenced in State Superior Court in Danbury, Conn., for sexually molesting one of her granddaughters. She said she married him, in part, because she wanted to regain ownership of her house, which was in Mr. Altman's name. ''I had nothing,'' she said.
He was sentenced to a year in jail on a charge of risk of injury to a minor. His attorney, Ralph Friedland, said Mr. Altman accepted the sentence to avoid putting the granddaughter through the trauma of testifying at a trial.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Four months later, Ms. Hall said, her husband was diagnosed as having stomach cancer and was moved from the Litchfield County jail to a hospital in Torrington, where he died.
At his direction, she said, she looked under the canvas cover of his violin case and found the news clippings about the theft of the Stradivarius in 1936. ''My God, what have I got here?,'' she recalled saying.
She said she confronted Mr. Altman, who told her that while working in February 1936 at a New York restaurant called the Russian Bear, a friend came in with the violin under his coat and asked Mr. Altman and his boss to buy it for $100. She said Mr. Altman did not identify the friend or ''the boss.''
She said that Mr. Altman paid the $100 but that ''the boss'' called the violin ''too hot for me.''
Ms. Hall said: ''Julian didn't get rid of it. He played it for 50 years.''
Until Mr. Beare took it from her house last Friday, Ms. Hall said, she was worried that something might happen to it. ''I never let it out of my sight,'' she said.
Ms. Hall said she was not proud of all the details of her story, but that she was telling it because ''it's a thrilling story'' and other people will now ''hear the beauty of the violin.''
''All's well that ends well,'' she said. ''It's a good ending.''
The Times discovered the agreement during a review of the thousands of documents filed in the bankruptcies of Mr. Trump's casinos. The taxes went unpaid from 2002 through 2006, during which time Mr. Trump was leading the company as chairman and, until 2005, as its chief executive. He reaped millions of dollars in fees and bonuses from the company, even as it underperformed competitors, lost money every year and saw its stock collapse.
Mr. Trump and Mr. Christie met in 2002, when Mr. Christie was the United States attorney for New Jersey. Mr. Trump's sister Maryanne Trump Barry, then a federal judge in the state, had mentioned to Mr. Christie that her famous brother would like to meet him. They struck up a friendship. Mr. Christie was invited to Mr. Trump's third wedding in 2005, and Mr. Trump was a prominent guest at Mr. Christie's inauguration in 2010. They have double dated with their wives.
Their bond has occasionally included financial largess from Mr. Trump. His foundation made large donations to the Drumthwacket Foundation, which finances maintenance and improvements to New Jersey's historic governor's residence, after Mr. Christie became its honorary chairman. Mr. Trump also made large contributions to the Republican Governors Association when Mr. Christie was its chairman.
After attacking Mr. Christie during the recent Republican primary contest, Mr. Trump seriously considered choosing him as his running mate before picking Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana. But Mr. Christie has remained a vocal supporter and was given a prominent speaking role at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, and Mr. Trump has given his friend the task of heading his transition committee.
“Donald and I, along with Melania and Mary Pat, have been friends for over a decade,” Mr. Christie said when he endorsed Mr. Trump in February. “He has been a good and loyal friend.”
The state corporate tax at the center of the dispute went into effect in 2002. It was called the alternative minimum assessment and was created, in part, to prevent businesses from avoiding taxes through accounting maneuvers.
An executive with the Chamber of Commerce Southern New Jersey testified at a state hearing in 2003 that Atlantic City casinos saw their state tax liability quadruple, primarily because of the new alternative minimum tax, during its first year. But the Trump casinos decided the tax did not apply to them, according to court filings.
SAGINAW, MI -- A judge has dismissed a felony case that a Saginaw Township man faced in connection with an accusation that he assaulted his father with a vacuum cleaner.
Jermaine L. Boose
After police were unable to serve a subpoena on Jermaine L. Boose's father, Saginaw County District Judge M. Randall Jurrens on Wednesday, June 24, dismissed prosecutors' case against him.
Jurrens dismissed the case without prejudice, which allows prosecutors to re-issue charges if they wish to do so.
"We're going to refer the case back to the police to see why the witnesses didn't show, and then we'll make a determination," said Saginaw County Chief Assistant Prosecutor Christopher Boyd.
Prosecutors earlier this month charged Boose, 21, with felonious assault in connection with a June 4 incident at his family's home at 2381 Rolling Greens near Weiss and Center. His arrest warrant for the charge, also known as assault with a dangerous weapon, alleged he assaulted his father, 50-year-old Jerry Boose, with a vacuum cleaner.
Assistant Prosecutor Blair Stevenson on Wednesday told Jurrens that police twice attempted to serve Jerry Boose with a subpoena but were unable to get in contact with him. In dismissing the case, Jurrens denied Stevenson's motion to adjourn the hearing to allow prosecutors and police more time to serve the subpoena.
Boyd has said the Booses were arguing about the son violating his probation. The father told his son to leave the home, and as Jermaine Boose exited, he grabbed the vacuum cleaner that was near the door and hit his father with it, Boyd said.
Jermaine Boose told police he used the vacuum cleaner only after his dad stabbed him in the leg with a knife, Boyd said. Jerry Boose said he did so in self-defense after his son knocked him to the ground with the vacuum cleaner, Boyd said.
Jerry Boose's claim was corroborated by photos from the scene that showed someone had used a chair to try to beat down the door to a bedroom his father had entered, Boyd said. Prosecutors allege that person was Boose.
Felonious assault carries a maximum penalty of four years in prison. Boose also faced a misdemeanor count of domestic violence.
Boose had remained free since shortly after his June 8 arraignment, when Jurrens ordered him held on a $5,000 or 10 percent bond. He has lived with his aunt since the incident, he said.
-- Andy Hoag covers courts for MLive/The Saginaw News. Email him at ahoag@mlive.com or follow him on Twitter @awhoag
By Whatsupic with the Agencies
Ayatollah Khamenei, the Commander-in-Chief of the Iranian Armed Forces, attended the graduation ceremony of cadets at Imam Hussein (a.s.) University on Wednesday morning. Speaking at the meeting, which was held on the occasion of the anniversary of the liberation of Khoramshahr on May 24, 1983, he described building religious, committed, revolutionary, knowledgeable and skilled youth at Imam Hussein (a.s.) University, as a clear example of the fruits of the Islamic Revolution.
Referring to the resistance of the people of Iran against arrogance and the division of the world into the oppressor and the oppressed, He stated: "Today, the camp of arrogance is extremely angry at the achievements of the people of Iran and the Islamic Republic which have been made without the assistance of America and western powers and by relying on domestic capacities and capabilities.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution emphasized that Islam is the only way to save humanity - which has suffered from different events over the course of many centuries - and the only path for achieving true dignity. He reiterated: "Religious and committed youth are the builders of the future of the country and they are the main elements for creating the new Islamic civilization."
Pointing to the different challenges that the Islamic Republic is faced with, Ayatollah Khamenei said: "The existence of a challenge never worries wise, well-informed and courageous individuals. Rather, it focuses their efforts on domestic and untapped capacities."
Ayatollah Khamenei described these challenges as a source of progress and increasing power for the Islamic Republic, stressing: "Thanks to the victory of the Islamic Revolution, it is 35 years now that the people of Iran have stood up against the hideous and disgusting habit of global arrogance to divide the world into the oppressor and the oppressed. For this reason, global bullies and blackmailers - headed by America - have become agitated and angry."
His added: "Of course, this resistance has drawn nations throughout the world towards the people of Iran. Even those governments which do not have the courage to stand up against bullying powers are happy about and praise the resistance of the Islamic Republic."
He stated that issues like the nuclear energy and human rights - which have been brought up by bullying powers - are an excuse, saying: "With such excuses and pressures, they are trying to discourage the people of Iran from showing resistance against their bullying and thuggish behavior, but this will never happen."
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "The people of Iran have proven their capabilities in different arenas. They have shown that one can achieve scientific and social progress, international influence and political dignity even without relying on America."
Ayatollah Khamenei stressed: "The people of Iran have chosen the right path and they will continue this path. The majority of people all over the world are with the people of Iran."
The Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces referred to the permanent effort of arrogant propaganda to prevent people throughout the world from knowing about the achievements of the people of Iran, further adding: "Despite all these efforts, the majority of people throughout the world trust the people of Iran today and they praise them."
Criticizing the use of the term "global community" that is used against the people of Iran, he stated: "We should not use the same term that the enemies use because the truth is that they do not represent the global community. They are only some arrogant governments which are under the influence of notorious Zionist companies."
He said: "The global community is comprised of those oppressed peoples and governments who do not have the courage to oppose bullies because of the pressure of global powers. However, if they find the opportunity, they will definitely express their opposition. The global community is comprised of scholars, thinkers, well-wishers and freedom seekers of the world."
SETT TV Profile Joined January 2011 77 Posts Last Edited: 2011-11-01 10:44:50 #1
The 10 000 dollar invitational Starcraft 2 tournament, ASUS ROG Stars Invite, calls for two more familiar faces to the scene as TotalBiscuit and Apollo are announced as casters for the action packed weekend starting at 4th of November.
The last ASUS ROG Starcraft 2 tournament at ASSEMBLY Summer was a blast. Partly because of the dynamic duo sitting behind the mics raising the entertainment value of the event a great deal. Who else could you imagine casting the vs game in Testbug where a spine crawler rush is being dealt with battle cruisers? It's fair to say, these guys have talent.
The lead voice in our familiar casting duo is none other than TotalBiscuit, the Cynical TotalHalibruit, the one guy in the StarCraft 2 scene you will never want to challenge to a tongue twister duel. While his in-game actions per minute might not be world class, his words per minute certainly is, and his play-by-play can leave you staring breathless at the game, even if all that is going on at the time is a scout probe stealing five minerals.
Balancing out the duo is fittingly the ancient god of poetry and knowledge, Apollo, who brings on the deeper insight of a long-running RTS veteran and overall steadiness to the broadcast. Coincidentally Apollo is also the only StarCraft 2 caster that has beaten a Finnish tournament admin in a 1vs1 match, and that alone speaks volumes about his competence.
The last ASUS ROG Starcraft 2 tournament at ASSEMBLY Summer was a blast. Partly because of the dynamic duo sitting behind the mics raising the entertainment value of the event a great deal. Who else could you imagine casting the Stephano vs BRAT_OK game in Testbug where a spine crawler rush is being dealt with battle cruisers? It's fair to say, these guys have talent.The lead voice in our familiar casting duo is none other than, the Cynical TotalHalibruit, the one guy in the StarCraft 2 scene you will never want to challenge to a tongue twister duel. While his in-game actions per minute might not be world class, his words per minute certainly is, and his play-by-play can leave you staring breathless at the game, even if all that is going on at the time is a scout probe stealing five minerals.Balancing out the duo is fittingly the ancient god of poetry and knowledge,, who brings on the deeper insight of a long-running RTS veteran and overall steadiness to the broadcast. Coincidentally Apollo is also the only StarCraft 2 caster that has beaten a Finnish tournament admin in a 1vs1 match, and that alone speaks volumes about his competence.
Prashant Gupta/FX[/caption]
[SPOILER ALERT IF YOU HAVEN'T WATCHED THE LATEST AMERICAN HORROR STORY: ASYLUM]
It's getting down to the final episodes of American Horror Story: Asylum so it's not surprising that we're starting to see characters bid adieu. Last night, devil-possessed nun Sister Mary Eunice (Lily Rabe) and former Nazi Dr. Arden (James Cromwell) both bit the dust. Also, within this hour, is a clue to the super-secret season three storyline of American Horror Story as EW reported earlier. Murphy dishes to EW exclusively about more potential deaths as well as some hints as what next year's AHS will look like.
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY: I love the musical number. It's almost like a Glee/AHS crossover.
RYAN MURPHY: Maybe. I never thought about Glee when we were doing it. The fun of it, I think, is that you're in Sister Jude's shock therapy-induced fantasy. The idea was to really do a musical number that was something very ‘60s crossed with Jacob's Ladder because it was in her head and it was sort of the beginning of her descent. It was very fun to do. We spent almost a whole day doing it.
It was hilarious and, especially since the season has been so dark, it's a nice moment of levity. And Jessica looks like she's having a ball.
She did. She had a ball. I think after the darkness of the season I think she quite enjoyed looking like Dusty Springfield.
This episode was a real showcase for the actors, especially Jessica, Lily, Joseph, and James. Jessica really goes through the ringer in this.
I think she has so many great scenes in this episode. It was sort of interesting to see her return to her Frances Farmer roots. She likes those episodes. She had requested a big musical episode since I think “Nor'easter.” It's a great showcase for her. And it was really designed as a big showcase for two of the actors who died to sort of send them off.
So is the devil gone? Did the Angel of Death take away the devil?
I really loved that ending for her character. We didn't want she dies and the devil goes into someone else. I liked the idea that the only thing more powerful than the devil is the Angel of Death, which is actually the cousin of the devil. I liked that ending and I thought it was good. That's always what happens historically around episode 10, we start wrapping everything up and characters die. So this was a big one.
I loved how it was shot when she was thrown off the staircase. It looked like Lily was tossed.
She was actually! I mean she didn't do a five-story drop but she did a lot of that stuff. I think that's what made it look so good because she really went for it.
So we also saw Arden come to a very tragic end as well. Was he just destroyed by the loss of Mary Eunice's innocence?
Yeah, I think he's destroyed because our version of that character was his whole life was someone who really thought he was not capable of love and to do all the inhuman acts that he did, he had hardened himself. I think when he felt that part of his heart open up and to have it close again was devastating. I also think the image of a Nazi doctor going into an oven is sort of a brilliant metaphor of him literally paying. Obviously, he's a terrible character but I thought his end was very justified and somewhat poetic.
Now that Lana and Thredson are back in the asylum together again, how is this gonna play out? Will this be a cat and mouse kind of thing?
Well, we didn't want them in-and-out, in-and-out. So it will play out and be resolved next week.
Does that mean someone might die?
Well, it is American Horror Story.
Grace gave birth to her baby. Will we learn more about this child and what it is?
It's all revealed next week about what it was and how it was put in her and what the plan was. I think next week fully answers and puts that story to bed.
Next week is called “Spilt Milk?” What is that referring to?
Many things. I will say it has the most disturbing opening scene we've done ever. It involves Dylan McDermott and a hooker.
You've wrapped for the season. Two major characters died tonight. Is that the fate of most of the characters?
We knew from the beginning who would live and who would die. We do an interesting thing with the last two characters and take huge time leaps and go from 1965 to 1969 to 1973 to 1981. It's a very interesting structure. We take you from 1965 all the way to the present day. It was a really ambitious thing to do in terms of a production point of view. It's very satisfying, the ending. I know last year it ended and people were like, Well, then what happened? What happened to the ghosts in the house? What happened to Constance and that baby? No one will end this season having any questions at all about what happened to any character.
So, what will happen with Jude? She's kind of a vegetable now.
I really wanted to explore the idea of the gravity and the social implications of the mental health system in this country. As you'll see in episode 10 and episode 11, what happened to many of these institutions is they ran out of money and they sold them to the state and the state began to use them as warehouses for not just people with mental illness but people with really bad health care problems. Jessica was very attracted to this idea. So we really explore the decline of that system through her. But also the triumphs of people. What was important to me is that the show as we built to the conclusion wasn't just so dark and unrelenting. I really wanted to have a couple happy endings and some of the characters do have that.
You said that next year will be lighter. Is that still the case?
I mean, I don't think anything could ever be as dark as the mental health care system in our country. I sorta feel like for the third version I want to do something that's a little bit more “evil glamour.” Just something that's a little bit more…one of the things that I missed this season was I really loved having that Romeo & Juliet youth story with Violet and Tate. I want something like that again and we're doing something like that in the third season. And we're contemplating shooting the show in a different place. We're contemplating shooting it in a place in the country where true horror has been. We've got lots of delicious plans.
Read more:
‘American Horror Story': The secret to season 3 is in tonight's episode — EXCLUSIVE
‘American Horror Story': Ryan Murphy on Dylan McDermott's return and the upcoming episode in which ‘half the cast dies' — EXCLUSIVE
‘American Horror Story': Dylan McDermott talks his ‘Asylum' debut and playing Bloody Face — EXCLUSIVE
Follow Tim on Twitter: @EWTimStack
Birchbox! You are not making this very easy! I want to love you, I mostly do, but then you go and say something completely asinine about the quality of a product being of lesser importance than how cute it is, and I just can't.
Last week I wrote, with no small measure of excitement, about how Birchbox—the monthly mail-order grooming service for woman and recently men, too—had finally included a gadget in their women's box, rather than the usual bonus candy or snack samples. Because by the way women like—and use—tech, too.
Advertisement
I brought my bonus earbuds on the bus to DC this weekend and found them to perform not better or worse than the pair that came with my iPhone. But, Gizmodo-reader Miriam G-C wrote in to say that she had received a faulty pair and, disappointed, wrote in to Birchbox to communicate as much.
Below is Miriam's email to Birchbox, as well as the reply she received from the company's rep:
Fri, Jul 13, 2012 at 9:34 AM
Hi Birchbox, The headphones I received in the July Birchbox do not work in stereo- only one ear has sound. I really like them and they're adorable, could I possibly get another pair? Thanks,
Miriam G-C
Mon, Jul 16, 2012 at 11:07 AM
Hi Miriam, Thanks for writing in and I apologize for the delayed response.
I'm sorry you're unhappy with the headphones this month. While we understand that these headphones may not be top listening quality, we thought it would be fun for summer to replace your regular white buds with a pop of color. Make sure to check out Glamour's perfect "getting pretty" playlist at glamour.com/spotify. xo,
Whitney
A new scientific report released by Australia's National Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC) has found no direct link between exposure to wind farm noise and damage to human health, but has recommended more scientific research could be done into the complex community-led issue, which was based on “no strong hypothesis”.
The findings of the report, Evidence on Wind Farms and Human Health, were released on Wednesday along with a statement from the NHRMC saying that, based on their research, there was currently no credible evidence that exposure to wind farms directly affected a person's physical or mental health.
“After careful consideration and deliberation of the body of evidence, NHMRC concludes that there is currently no consistent evidence that wind farms cause adverse health effects in humans,” the statement said.
And while there was, it conceded, “some consistent but poor quality direct evidence” that wind farm noise was associated with annoyance, there was “less consistent, poor quality direct evidence of an association between sleep disturbance, stress disorders or hearing disorders, and wind farm noise.
The report is based on a rigorous assessment of the available scientific evidence on wind farms and human health, much of which the report's authors said was of “very poor quality.”
Emeritus Professor Bruce Armstrong – chair of the NHMRC Wind Farms and Human Health Reference Group and a Professor of Public Health at the University of Sydney – said that of the 4000 pieces of research examined, the vast majority was opinion and editorial material, with only 13 pieces of original research – “and they're not very good.”
“It is unfortunate that most of the studies were of poor quality,” Armstrong told journalists in a briefing on the report. “None of them were good quality studies, on which we could rely.
“We do know that long continued annoyance can lead to stress and stress has been associated to such things as heart disorders, so there's a possible indirect connection there. But ultimately, it's very uncertain whether its a cause and effect relationship.”
Given the poor quality of this evidence, and continued concern expressed by some members of the community, the NHMRC said it supported further high quality, independent scientific research in the area.
But NHMRC CEO Professor Warwick Anderson stressed it would have to be high quality research and be peer reviewed. “We want to spend any research money wisely,” he said.
Interestingly, however, Armstrong stressed that research into effects on people living further than 1500 metres was unwarranted, as there was “absolutely no suggestion of health effects from wind turbine noise at beyond 1500 meters.”
The report also urged authorities with responsibility for regulating wind farms to “undertake appropriate planning, in consultation with communities, and be cognisant of evidence emerging from research.”
An NFL team's third preseason game is considered the most important and closest to a regular season matchup because of the length of time starters stay on the field.
New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick guffawed this week at mentioning a preseason game in the same sentence as a regular season matchup, and it's tough to blame him. The Patriots aren't game planning for their matchup against the Carolina Panthers this week since they're still in the roster evaluation stage.
Here are 10 players whose standing on the roster could depend on how they perform in the third and fourth weeks of the preseason.
RB D.J. FOSTER
Foster has been banged up since the spring, when he pulled up with what appeared to be a hamstring injury. He's finally healthy just as the running back roster battle is heating up. Foster has been practicing, so it's a safe estimate to say he'll suit up against the Panthers.
Foster brings speed and quickness other Patriots running backs don't possess, which is what makes him so intriguing. He'll likely receive reps in the third-down-back role. If he performs well, he could earn the Patriots' fourth running back spot.
RB TYLER GAFFNEY
Gaffney is another candidate for the fourth running back spot. He's received a ton of work in the preseason, and he's been solid, especially considering he hadn't played in a game for over 2 1/2 years.
Gaffney needs to continue to show improvement to earn a roster spot. For now, barring a trade or acquisition, he's the favorite to make the roster over Foster and Joey Iosefa. He has to prove he's better than a player the Patriots could acquire, however.
TE AJ DERBY
Derby is among the Patriots' top summer standouts. His training camp and preseason performances have him looking like a favorite to earn a spot on the 53-man roster. Now, Derby just has to keep it up. He has nine catches for 118 yards with one touchdown through two preseason games. He can't slow down with Clay Harbor also deserving of a roster spot at tight end.
WR KESHAWN MARTIN
Martin, like Foster, returned to practice this week and looks like a go-to play against the Panthers. Martin has yet to play a preseason game, but he hasn't lost much, if any, ground in his battle for the sixth receiver spot on the Patriots' depth chart behind Julian Edelman, Danny Amendola, Chris Hogan, Malcolm Mitchell and Matthew Slater.
Aaron Dobson, Chris Harper, DeAndre Carter and Devin Lucien haven't done much in the preseason to push Martin for that roster spot. Martin essentially just needs to show he's the same player he was last season.
DT ANTHONY JOHNSON
Johnson was a breakout star in the Patriots' second preseason game against the Chicago Bears after sitting out Week 1. Johnson has a chance to steal a roster spot if he can keep it up over the next two games.
Johnson is unlike any other defensive tackle on the Patriots' roster because he's a 280-pound interior disruptor, not a 300-plus-pound space eater.
DT TERRANCE KNIGHTON
Knighton is one of the players Johnson could beat out, though it still seems unlikely despite his at-times rough performance against the Bears.
It would be nice to see Knighton show some improvement this week, however. The Patriots are deep at defensive tackle, and Knighton was having trouble filling rushing lanes last Thursday.
CB JUSTIN COLEMAN VS. DARRYL ROBERTS VS. JONTATHAN JONES VS. CRE'VON LEBLANC
Malcolm Butler, Logan Ryan and Cyrus Jones are roster locks, and Coleman is an odds-on favorite for a spot on the 53-man roster. That leaves Roberts, Jonathan Jones and LeBlanc competing for the fifth spot on the cornerback depth chart with the potential for two of them to push Coleman off.
Jones shined brightest during training camp, LeBlanc has been strongest in the preseason, and Roberts stood out most in the Patriots' second exhibition game.
Coleman has faced tougher competition, but he's allowed six catches on seven targets for 114 yards in two games.
Thumbnail photo via Winslow Townson/USA TODAY Sports Images
Rumors About Bill Clinton's Sex Worker Love Child Resurfaces
We're a little over a month away from the Presidential election between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump and a filthy story about dirty dong Bill Clinton has resurfaced. How convenient.
According to DailyMail, a 30-year-old named Danney Williams is claiming that he is the love child of his prostitute mother and Bill Clinton.
Back in 1999, Star Magazine performed a DNA test which concluded that Danney could not be Clinton's son, but that isn't stopping the rumor mill from spinning.
Danney's mother, Bobbie Ann Williams, told The Globe how she worked as a prostitute in 1984 and started seeing Slick Willie Clinton on the regular.
She says Clinton went out for a run one day in Little Rock, when he jogged by her housing project and introduced himself to her. She was 24 years old at the time. A few days later, Clinton allegedly jogged by the housing project again and paid Bobbie $200 for her to have sex with him behind some bushes. After that, Bobbie says that she and Clinton regularly had sex, sometimes alone, sometimes with other female partners. Eventually, Bobbie became pregnant and she suspected that it was Clinton's child.
Bobbie Ann says when she learned that she was pregnant she assumed the child was Clinton's, but when she allegedly told him…
‘He rubbed my big belly and said, “Girl, that can't be my baby.” But I knew it was. I just had this kind of woman's feeling that this was his child.' Bobbie told The Globe.
What do you think? Could this kid be Bill's boy?
Flip the page to see more pics of the alleged father and son…
Images via Facebook/Twitter
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Corry Evans said his wife's comments were published in the heat of the moment and did not represent her views
The wife of a Northern Ireland footballer at the centre of a penalty kick controversy has apologised for a racist tweet about the referee.
WARNING: EXTREMELY OFFENSIVE LANGUAGE
Northern Ireland were beaten 1-0 by Switzerland in a World Cup qualifier at Windsor Park on Thursday night.
The Swiss team won thanks to a penalty awarded after the referee deemed NI midfielder Corry Evans handled the ball.
Lisa Evans temporarily deleted her account after her offensive tweet.
But the account was reactivated on Friday afternoon, when Mrs Evans tweeted an apology, saying: "I should never have let my emotions take over."
"I would like to sincerely apologise to anyone I offended for the language contained in my tweet," she tweeted.
"I understand it was completely unacceptable, I should never have let my emotions take over.
"I would never condone racism in any way."
Thursday night's referee, Romanian man Ovidiu Hategan, was booed by fans after he made the controversial penalty decision.
WARNING: EXTREMELY OFFENSIVE LANGUAGE
Image copyright Twitter
In the tweet posted after the match, Lisa Evans wrote: "Romanian gypsy cunt!!! And to actually think Northern Ireland has probably homed one of his smelly relatives!! Ungrateful twat!! Anyway onwards and upwards #GAWA"
Corry Evans also issued an apology.
In a statement he said: "On behalf of my wife, I would like to apologise unreservedly for the content and language contained in the tweet that she issued last night.
"The comments were published in the heat of the moment and are not representative of her views."
A spokesperson for the Equality Commission said: "Racist and offensive language is not appropriate in any circumstances.
"When commenting on the behaviour of any individual, making reference to that person's ethnic or national origin is irrelevant."
If you want to see how inane the public discourse about college rape has become, look no further than the student newspaper of Claremont McKenna College, The Forum. A woman college student recounts an incident where she found herself in a man's dorm room after a party. He asked, “is this ok?” — meaning, was she okay with having sex. She admits that she said “yes” and that there wasn't any coercion or imminent threat of violence, and “not a lot” of inebriation.
But now she says she secretly didn't want to have sex, even though the young man would have no way of knowing that, so she declares in the student newspaper that she was — wait for it — “raped by rape culture.”
Inspired by the recent performance of The Vagina Monologues at CMC, this piece is part of a series of Forum articles by women at CMC about women and sexuality. Check out the first piece in the series here. If you're interested in contributing an article on these topics, contact us at [email protected] – from the introduction to the article “Why Yes Can Mean No.“
You read that right: “raped by rape culture.” It's a term coined by the young woman and her friends to describe the purported experience where a woman's agreement to have sex is “coerced by the culture that had raised us and the systems of power that worked on us . . . .”
If you think that makes no sense, just wait, she's not finished. “Consent is a privilege, and it was built for wealthy, heterosexual, cis, white, western, able-bodied masculinity,” she posits.
Can it get any loopier? Keep reading.
What forced this poor soul to say “yes” when she secretly meant “no”? Among other things, she explains that “there was obligation from already having gone back to someone's room, not wanting to ruin a good friendship, loneliness, worry that no one else would ever be interested . . . an understanding that hookups are ‘supposed' to be fun.”
Get it? It is the fault of evil white straight men that she had sex because she's lonely, didn't want to ruin a friendship, has low self-esteem, and/or believed that hook-ups are supposed to be fun.
In days long gone, when rationality, literacy, and logic were still valued even a little, this sort of writing would be called exactly what it is–idiotic. But on our modern, vaunted American college campuses, it's “well-written and so important,” “beautiful,” and “so perfect,” as several comments put it.
Actually, a couple of comments beneath the article did nail it. One guy wrote: “There's a fella out there for you: Mongo the Mind-Reader.” Another reader explained: “Modern feminism has taught generations of young women (and young men) that . . . women should 'embrace' their sexuality and have casual sex with as many partners as they like, without any consequences. . . . . Who taught you to say yes? It wasn't some wealthy, heterosexual, cis, white, western, able-bodied boogeyman. It was the very movement you now align yourself with whom ‘coerced' you into believing that ‘hookups are supposed to be fun.'”
And those responses are far more than this piece of idiocy deserves.
If feminists wonder why their movement isn't widely embraced in middle America and why so few people (including so few women) identify as “feminists,” they need look no further than extreme silliness like this. Add it to the misandry hall of fame.
At least 23 people have been killed in western Afghanistan after a fuel tanker collided with a van, official have said, in the latest accident in a country with poorly maintained roads and often reckless driving.
The crash took place on Sunday morning on the main highway between the city of Herat and the Iranian border, said Raouf Ahmadi, a spokesman for the provincial police chief in the western Herat province.
He said the four people were injured in the accident.
Authorities do not know what caused the accident, but Ahmadi said initial reports indicated that ''both drivers' carelessness'' was to blame.
Afghanistan has frequent traffic accidents often caused by bad roads and poor driving.
On August 17, a truck loaded with people and animals crashed in a mountainous area of northwestern Afghanistan, killing 32 people.
COSTA MESA – The OC Fair & Event Center played host to dozens and dozens of furry friends last week, all of which were evacuated for the Canyon Fire 2 that burned in the county's northeastern edge.
Some 127 horses, six pigs, six goats, six mini-horses and ponies, three tortoises, two sheep and a steer began arriving at the fairgrounds on Monday, Oct. 9, the day the blaze broke out, for temporary shelter.
“While the animals were here they were cared for by OC Fair & Event Center staff and by volunteers, most with equine experience,” said Terry Moore, spokeswoman for the Fair & Event Center.
The Fair & Event Center, a designated shelter for large animals during emergencies, was bustling with displaced furry residents.
More than 50 evacuated horses were moved into the Action Sports Arena at the OC Fair & Event Center. Volunteers from the county's Large Animal Rescue Team helped with the transfer on Monday, October 9, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Diane Dodson hugs her horse Dakota after he was injured during transport from his barn in Orange Park Acres to the OC Fair & Event Center. The 29-year-old Paint slipped and fell when he was being taken out of his trailer at the Fairgounds. “We thought that he was a gonner,” said the horse's other owner Greg Carbone. After treatment by a veterinarian on site Dakota survived with only a few broken teeth. “It's a miracle that he's still here,” Carbone said. Dozens of horses displaced by Canyon Fire 2 were taken to the Orange County Fairgrounds Costa Mesa, CA on Monday, October 9, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
The OC Fair & Event Center in Costa Mesa took in more than 100 animals displaced by the Canyon Fire 2, including three tortoises. (Courtesy of OC Fair & Event Center)
Sarah Allen was one of the dozens of voluneers who helped move more than 50 fire-displaced horses into the Action Sports Arena at the OC Fair & Event Center. Dozens of horses displaced by Canyon Fire 2 were taken to the Orange County Fairgrounds Costa Mesa, CA on Sunday, October 8, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Dozens of horses displaced by Canyon Fire 2 were taken to the OC Fair & Event Center in Costa Mesa on Monday, October 9, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
The OC Fair & Event Center in Costa Mesa took in more than 100 animals displaced by the Canyon Fire 2, including three tortoises. (Courtesy of OC Fair & Event Center)
More than 50 evacuated horses were moved into the Action Sports Arena at the OC Fair & Event Center. Volunteers from the county's Large Animal Rescue Team helped with the transfer on Monday, October 9, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
More than 50 evacuated horses were moved into the Action Sports Arena at the OC Fair & Event Center. Volunteers from the county's Large Animal Rescue Team helped with the transfer on Monday, October 9, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Ailee Sun and Sarah Allen were part of a group of volunteers who helped move more than 50 horses into the Action Sports Arena at the OC Fair & Event Center during the Canyon Fire 2 on Monday, Oct. 9, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Volunteers from the Shea Center for Equine Therapy helped move more than 50 fire-displaced horses into the Action Sports Arena at the OC Fair & Event Center in Costa Mesa on Monday, Oct. 9, 2017. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Horses being evacuated from the Canyon Fire 2 cross the street at Jamboree Road and Santiago Canyon Road in Orange on Monday, October 9, 2017. (Photo by Richard Koehler, Contributing Photographer)
Equestrians with trailers pick up horses for evacuation from the Hitch'N Post store on Chapman Avenue. (Photo by Joseph Pimentel, Staff Writer)
Horses are watered while they wait for evacuation. The soot and smoke is dangerous for the animals. (Photo by Joseph Pimentel, Staff Writer)
Horses are led down Chapman Avenue away from the fire danger in Orange Park Acres. (Photo by Joseph Pimentel, Staff Writer)
Horses are led down Chapman Avenue away from the fire danger in Orange Park Acres. (Photo by Joseph Pimentel, Staff Writer)
The fairgrounds had a plan in place and employees and volunteers began building temporary horse stalls, Moore said. Businesses donated essentials such as hay for the animals and food and other goods for the volunteers.
A pony-rescue group in San Diego loaned horse-stall panels.
The first night for the animals at the fairgrounds went pretty smoothly. Moore said the horses and other animals were calm despite being whisked away from the fire's path, transported – in some cases by strangers – and then finding themselves in a new environment.
Some homeowners weren't at home when their animals were evacuated.
“There was a woman who was in tears, she was so happy to find her horse,” Moore said.
The fairgrounds property was open to owners to visit and care for their animals at all hours. Evacuees were also welcome to camp out at the property.
“They are obviously dealing with so much, so we want to make it easier for them,” Moore said.
The Internet Of Things Has A Fatal Flaw
Though tech sites and news outlets alike are constantly abuzz with news about the Internet of Things,Many blame this on inherent internet issues such as privacy and data collection. But some tech experts are pointing out that one of IoT's biggest hurdles has nothing to do with customer reception. Instead, many believe thatTo create intuitive devices that better our daily lives, they need to be able to communicate with each other seemlessly and our current methods of connection just aren't cutting it.
SEE ALSO: WICED by Broadcom Expands The Automated Lifestyle
The "Basket of Remotes" Problem
Tackling the Connectivity Issue
Iotera
Wi-Fi, the familiar, leading form of connectivity, has been criticized as power-hungry: the system is made for big-data transfers and therefore is. While Bluetooth is updating their software to allow it to be more compatible with IoT devices, the system also isnt a true mesh network., the latest version of internet identification which will be the standard for most new IoT software and which offers a huge upgrade to the limited 4.3 billion IP addresses available through IPv4. IoT has also quickly encountered whats referred to as the basket of remotes problem So any enthusiast attempting to embrace the new technology often finds themselves with a variety of devices that do a terrible job at interacting with one another. Instead of the slick, streamlined, interconnected experience the Internet of Things is supposed to bring, IoT users are left with the same hassle that many TV-users face - different devices, several different controllers, andHardware companies have already realized this problem: Intel, Dell, and Samsung have announced an Open Interconnect Consortium (IOC) , a consortium which later this year will. The OIC plans to certify devices which comply with its standards and is hoping that their standards will ensure an interconnected, unified IoT system.For several companies and startups,. Tech startup Iotera, which recently opened up their Kickstarter , has developed their own network in light of the issues they find with available methods. Iotera produces tiny tags that act as GPS trackers, accelerometers, speakers, temperature sensors, and more. These tags can be attached to any of a number of items to monitor their location and status from a smartphone app, computer, or centralized hub. What sets Iotera apart from similar products like Tile and Tagg s their creation of a new network: Ioteras system allows all of their tags, whether theyre yours or someone elses, to interact with each other, effectively. Each tag has a range of three to four miles, so their website points out that with only 10 of the devices, cities the size of San Francisco can be completely covered. While Iotera may not be a solution to the growing basket-of-remotes problem, its an example of, with a population-reliant network method that may be what the Internet of Things needs.
SEE ALSO: Sync All Your Homes Devices With Wink Home Automation
Thread
Larger companies have also worked to establish new networks, with the most notable announcement ambitiously seeking to replace Wi-Fi, ZigBee, and Bluetooth as the standard form of IoT connectivity for the smart home. A group of seven companies, most notably Samsung and Nest, recently announced Thread . Googles Nest thermostat is currently running Thread, and the company promises that theyll be certifying new devices with Thread in mid-2015. While nobody can be sure whether Thread will accomplish their goal of replacing existing networks, IoT and the smart home market certainly has room for a connectivity system which, according to their website . Thread will have to compete with Bluetooth Smart , Bluetooths own new IoT network contender, which may have quite an edge due to a recognizable name. Either way,, and remind us that new technologies, with new capabilities, are no doubt on the horizon.
The familiar blue Kaplan sign that hung above one of Vancouver's most prominent street corners for decades has been replaced by a shocking orangey red, an unauthorized alteration that has been met with outrage from citizens and heritage activists in a city that takes its iconic neon seriously.
The building, formally known as the Dick Building, is municipally designated A-list heritage, which means it is legally protected. But It's sign, which once matched the blue on the ornate exterior, is now the sort of colour more likely seen in fast food restaurants than on a building of historical importance.
There are only a few protected A-list heritage buildings in Vancouver, including the Marine Building and the Hudson's Bay building. And there are few remaining neon signs, which used to crowd the city's major arteries throughout the 1950s, 60s and 70s. Vancouver was so famous for its thousands of neon signs that it's been the subject of documentaries over the years, as well as a museum exhibit.
Story continues below advertisement
By the late 60s, when they were no longer in fashion, city council passed bylaws that put an end to the bright lights. Today, the city so covets its few remaining neon signs that it has gone to great lengths to protect them. A 29-metre-high car dealership sign was so fiercely protected in the 90s, when Toys "R" Us took over the property the major retail chain had to retain the original sign and could only partially cover it with a perforated metal sign of their own. It's an unsightly mess of signage, but the original Bow Mac car dealership sign – North America's biggest free standing sign back in the day – remains intact. For fans of the city's great neon age, that's all that matters.
It's therefore not surprising that when tenant AEG Education Services recently made drastic changes to the Kaplan sign, the city would hear about it.
Long-time heritage consultant Don Luxton, who regularly works with the city, referred to the alteration as a "disaster."
"People were freaking out about it, so the calls started going into the city," he said. "I saw it at one point and thought, 'What the heck is going on there?' I didn't know anything about it, and apparently the city didn't, either. Obviously, nobody caught it."
"I don't know how it could be changed like that. What I'm hearing is it was brought to the attention of the city, and they went crazy and are looking into it."
The private school and their sign maker had initially asked the city about altering the sign. City staff had informed them that the sign is part of an A-list heritage building and has historic value, which meant there was a process to follow. A heritage consultant would have to prepare a sign conservation plan to determine what type of changes could be made. And the school, which teaches leadership skills to children, would also have to apply for a sign permit. Instead, the school went ahead with the work.
"Despite being advised that a permit application would be required to alter the signage, the owners chose to do the work without a permit," said Anita Molaro, assistant director of planning, in an e-mail.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Once the sign went up, the city started receiving complaints, according to Mr. Luxton. Following a visit from the inspector, AEG applied for a permit. The city is now reviewing the application and determining if the changes are acceptable.
"If refused, enforcement to restore the original signage will begin," said Ms. Molaro.
A spokesman for AEG Education did not return a request for comment.
The sign has been altered before. Originally, it was the home of Pitman Business College, which erected the rotating neon sign. But when Kaplan took over many years ago, the company changed the letters of the sign but little else, so that it didn't look out of context.
The city might approve some changes to the Kaplan sign, but they'd be limited, said Ms. Molaro. The sign structure, location, operation, colour scheme, neon and main design features would likely all have to remain the same. If the tenant refuses to comply to restore the sign, the case could go before a judge, who would impose fines.
"The sign was rotating and neon as well, which was quite unusual," said Mr. Luxton. "There aren't many [neon signs] left considering how many thousands there were. Only a few of them are listed as important and the city manages them."
Story continues below advertisement
After extensive negotiation, the Ramada hotel chain was allowed to transform the beloved 1947 Niagara Hotel waterfall sign to reflect the company logo. However, none of the artistic glory of the old neon sign remains.
The good news, says civic historian John Atkin, is that the Kaplan sign – like the Bow Mac and Niagara signs – can be easily fixed, judging from what he's seen.
"Signs do evolve, but I think in this case, the evolution of bright red might be a bit out to lunch," he said. "But nothing they've done to it has wrecked the sign per se, because it can be very easily restored. Same thing as the Niagara – as ugly as it is, the Niagara sign could very easily be restored.
"The Kaplan sign was a Royal Bank kind of blue. The Pitman was darker blue and burgundy. I would look at the colour and either tone it way down, or go back to a blue."
New York 'Rape Cop' who was cleared of sexual assault sues woman who accused him and the city for $175MILLION over arrest and nine months jail time
Former NY cop Kenneth Moreno, 46, was cleared in 2011 of raping a drunk woman while on duty in 2008
However he was convicted of misconduct for returning to her apartment three times that night
He spent nine months in jail on the misconduct charges
Now he is suing to recover monetary damages and restore his reputation
He works as a contractor and doesn't want to be known as the 'Rape Cop'
A former New York police officer dubbed the 'Rape Cop' during his sensational trial is suing his accuser and the city for $175 million.
Kenneth Moreno was cleared in 2011 of the on-duty rape of a drunk fashion executive in her apartment in December 2008, but spent nine months in jail for official misconduct.
Now the 46-year-old, who works as a building contractor after being kicked out of the police force, wants his 'opportunist' accuser to pay up.
In his false arrest lawsuit, the Brooklyn resident claims the woman falsely accused him of rape, leading Manhattan prosecutors to build a case against him despite a lack of forensic evidence, according to New York Daily News.
Scroll down for video
Jail time: Former NYPD cop Kenneth Moreno (left) was convicted of official misconduct but acquitted of raping a woman in 2008. He is pictured at his sentencing with attorney Chad Seigel at the State Supreme court on August 8, 2011, in New York
Moreno said the false claims have cost him work opportunities and ruined his life.
'There were some carpenters (at work) one day and one of them asked me if I was the ‘rape cop',' he told Daily News.
'They asked me to leave so I lost a job that day. I don't want to be known as the ‘rape cop'. It's horrible.'
He also said that his jail time took a toll: 'I tried to get through (jail) a day at a time but there was always the presence of danger and animosity.'
In his suit, Moreno also accuses the woman, now 32 and living in San Francisco, and civil attorney Yasmin Saeed of maliciously filing a $57 million lawsuit 'to extort monies' from him and the city.
A federal judge tossed out their suit last year, ruling there was no evidence backing her claims. The appeal was also shot down. Saeed declined to comment to Daily News.
Litigation: Kenneth Moreno (pictured in 2011) is suing NYC and the woman who accused him of rape for $175 million in a bid to restore his reputation
In 2008, Moreno was accused of raping a drunk woman while he was on duty.
According to court documents, Moreno and his patrol partner, Franklin Mata, helped her out of a taxi outside her East 13th Street apartment on December 7.
Mata was accused of keeping a lookout while Moreno raped the woman as she lay face-down and dazed on her bed.
The pair took the woman's keys and returned to her apartment three more times while still on duty, New York Times reported.
The woman told authorities she passed out and awoke to being raped in her bed, saying she acutely remembered being assaulted despite being unclear during significant parts of the night.
She said she secretly recorded a conversation days later in which Moreno alternately denied they had sex but said 'yes' twice when she asked whether he had used a condom.
However Moreno said the woman asked them to return and that Moreno was counseling her about her drinking.
In their two-month trial in 2011, Moreno testified that he flirted and cuddled in her bed while Mata slept on the couch.
Charged: Kenneth Moreno's partner, Franklin Mata (pictured) was sentenced to two months jail after being convicted of official misconduct for repeatedly visiting the woman's apartment while he was on duty
He maintains he rebuffed the woman's advances but admitted he placed a phony 911 call about a sleeping vagrant to provide an excuse for one of the visits.
Mata and Moreno were cleared of rape and burglary charges, however they were convicted of misconduct for returning to the woman's apartment.
They were fired from the police force within hours of their convictions.
Moreno served nine months of a one-year prison sentence, while Mata spent two months behind bars.
The rape acquittal caused outrage. Women's groups protested the verdict, while some newspaper columnists questioned how it was possible to acquit the two men given the evidence.
The woman said that after the verdict, her 'world was turned upside-down by the actions of two police officers who were sent there to protect but instead took advantage of their authority and broke the law.'
A white witch helped cure David Bowie of his crippling drug-fuelled paranoia, according to a revealing new book about the rock star.
Writer Mark Spitz spent years talking to Bowie, as well as the rocker's family and friends, in a bid to explode myths about the Let's Dance legend in his new tome, Bowie.
And Spitz reveals how the rocker called on magic to help him get through a terrifying part of his life.
In the book, Spitz writes, "While planning the follow-up to Young Americans (album), Bowie would sit in the house with a pile of high-quality cocaine atop the glass coffee table, a sketch pad and a stack of books. Psychic Self Defense was his favourite. Its author describes the book as a 'safeguard for protecting yourself against paranormal malevolence.'
"Using this and more arcane books on witchcraft, white magic and its malevolent counterpart, black magic, as rough guides to his own rapidly fragmenting psyche, Bowie began drawing protective pentagrams on every surface."
Bowie told the author, "I'd stay up for weeks. Even people like Keith Richards were floored by it. And there were pieces of me all over the floor. I paid with the worst manic depression of my life. My psyche went through the roof, it just fractured into pieces. I was hallucinating 24 hours a day."
Spitz adds, "Increasingly Bowie was convinced there were witches after his semen. They were intent on using it to make a child to sacrifice to the devil, essentially the plot to Roman Polanski's 1968 supernatural classic Rosemary's Baby."
A friend hooked Bowie up with New York-based white witch Walli Elmlark.
The author adds, "Elmlark quickly and successfully exorcised the pool. Angie (Bowie), who was living there at the time, noted that it started to bubble and smoke, and that it only rained outside David's window while the rest of the L.A. sky was clear. Elmlark wrote a series of spells and incantations out for Bowie as he continued to wrestle with the forces of darkness."
A plan that will see Canopy Growth Corp. (TSX:WEED) subsidiary Tweed triple its production capacity at Tweed Farms is winning approval from GMP Securities analyst Martin Landry.
This morning, Canopy announced it had finalized the purchase of a parcel of land next to its existing facility, including a 458,000 square-foot greenhouse.
“We see a long-term need for a diversified and exponentially larger footprint here in Canada balancing indoor and greenhouse growing platforms,” said CEO Bruce Linton. “Expanding the production capacity and greenhouse space at Tweed Farms allows us to continue to grow into the demand in the market, and showcase our best-in-class sun grown products.”
Landry says he expects most production could begin in the first half of 2018. He notes that some quick math reveals the significance of this development.
“We estimate the production capacity of Tweed Farms' existing 350,000 sq.ft. greenhouse at ~20,000kg, suggesting a yield of ~60 grams/sq.ft. Applying this metric to the new (458,000 sq. ft.) facility to be constructed on adjacent land and planned expansion of the existing site (212,000 sq. ft.) suggests Tweed Farms could generate capacity of in excess of 60,000kg once all upgrade/construction work is completed, tripling the current base,” explains the analyst. “This is quite significant as it would represent a ~45% increase on our forecasted overall production base for Canopy of ~90,000kg by the end of 2018. Under the above assumption, we estimate that the proportion of Canopy's overall production generated from greenhouses (once planned facilities in New Brunswick, Alberta and Saskatchewan are completed) could shift to ~50% from 2019 onwards, up from ~25% prior to today's announcement. This could help to reduce average production costs, and should position Canopy's future production profile more in line with some of its close competitors which are also building large greenhouse projects.”
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
In a research update to clients today, Landry maintained his “Buy” rating and one-year price target of $11.00 on Canopy Growth Corp., implying a return of 17.6 per cent at the time of publication.
Credit: Shutterstock
Roasting coffee is more art than science. Under-roast the bean, and the chemical reactions necessary to produce its characteristic flavor and color do not occur at an adequate level; over-roast the bean, and the resulting brew is bitter. But, coffee producers and their customers are interested in consistency. Here, the tools of analytical chemistry come in handy. A group of primarily German researchers is attempting to make coffee roasting more science than art. The team's aim is to create a technique that would allow real-time monitoring of the coffee roasting process.
The phases of coffee roasting. (Credit: H. Czech et al., J. Agric. Food Chem. 2016. DOI: 10.1021/acs.jafc.6b01683)
With the help of photoionization mass spectrometry, the authors measured the volatile compounds that were emitted over time during a roast. Using an algorithm, they were able to create chemical "fingerprints" that were characteristic of different roasting phases, and they discovered that four phases occurred: (1) "Evaporation," in which water is being removed from the beans; (2) "early roast"; (3) "late roast"; and (4) "over-roast."
Interestingly, the team also found that roasting phase fingerprints differed if the beans were slow-, medium- or fast-roasted. While the chemists' findings are certainly insightful, they may be of limited utility to the average coffee roaster. Mass spectrometers are not cheap, and it is highly unlikely that a small roaster would invest in one. On the other hand, large companies may benefit from their research. (Notably, one of the paper's authors works for J.M. Smucker, which owns the coffee behemoth Folgers.) For those roasters, no price is too high for the perfect cup.
###
Source: Hendryk Czech, Claudia Schepler, Sophie Klingbeil, Sven Ehlert, Jessalin Howell, and Ralf Zimmermann. "Resolving Coffee Roasting-Degree Phases Based on the Analysis of Volatile Compounds in the Roasting Off-Gas by Photoionization Time-of-Flight Mass Spectrometry (PI-TOFMS) and Statistical Data Analysis: Toward a PI-TOFMS Roasting Model." J. Agric. Food Chem. Published: 16-June-2016. DOI: 10.1021/acs.jafc.6b01683
On Thursday, New York Times CEO Mark Thompson stopped by CNBC's Power Lunch to discuss the paper's subscription numbers since the election and hilariously argued that the newspaper doesn't display a liberal bias because “we aim to be objective and to tell people straightforwardly what's happening.”
The extensive interview began first with a discussion of the site's growth in subscribers that Thompson refused to label as exclusively liberal or entirely from certain pockets of the country.
“So, I mean, we've got millions — 220 million people came to us in November all together. You'll find 220 million points of views in that about The New York Times in that group,” he argued in one answer.
<<< Please support MRC's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today. >>>
When asked about President Trump's assertion that The New York Times is “failing,” Thompson used the occasion to argue:
Well, I think this is the danger with fake news. Even the President of the United States can be taken in by it and end up saying things which are not true. We're not failing. We're growing audiences. We're growing our subscriptions.
Co-host Brian Sullivan moved the discussion to the paper's content and wondered if there's ever “been any conversation internally, Mike, where you guys have sat around and said, we've lost touch with America.” However, Thompson refused to entertain that notion:
THOMPSON: In fact, we would regard ourselves as a global news provider. SULLIVAN: A global news provider. I understand the Uppery [East] Side is America, but so is Iron Mountain, Michigan. Do you — has there been conversation where you guys look around the table and go, we've lost really touch. THOMPSON: Well, all I can tell you is we have the biggest audiences of our history. We have more subscribers. SULLIVAN: But are they all the same person? THOMPSON: We hit 3 million subscribers, the biggest number in our history. We're not losing touch. On the contrary, people in the millions are coming to us.
Thompson also predicted that Times executive editor Dean Baquet would tell the Power Lunch panel that “we want to cover America and the world objectively, independently, [and] truthfully.”
Sullivan and fellow co-host Michelle Caruso-Cabrera weren't buying it with the former asking: “I don't mean the readers. I mean what's on the front page? Do you feel like, sometimes, that doesn't reflect the entire country? That maybe it's too far from the liberal point of view?”
Thompson shamelessly denied any liberal bias across any of the paper's sections with the exception of the editorial pages (which he tacitly conceded are on the left):
THOMPSON: I don't. SULLIVAN: I don't know. I'm just wondering. THOMPSON: So, the answer is no, I don't. SULLIVAN: Fair enough. CARUSO-CABRERA: You don't feel there's a liberal point of view in The New York Times? THOMPSON: There's no question that the editorial pages, the opinion pages — CARUSO-CABRERA: No, I'm talking about the front page, the Arts page, the Business page. THOMPSON: I want to be really clear that in our news coverage, we aim to be objective and to tell people straightforwardly what's happening, so the news without bias without fear or favor is the famous phrase.
To Caruso-Cabrera's credit, she circled back to the issue a few moments later by telling Thompson that she's “heard the following criticism” of The Times that “[t]he window for a lot of the stories, whether it's the front page, the Business page, the Arts page, the Style page, even the Sports page, race, class, gender, sexual orientation, that seems to be the window for a huge number of stories.”
Thompson shot back with a tint of frustration:
I mean, The New York Times, is very broad. You use the Word page — I mean, you understand that the overwhelming majority of people coming to us come principally on smart phone and they're at the story level rather than front page or section pages, and in a way, The Times has become, in its coverage, far broader than you're suggesting.
Here's the relevant portion of the transcript from CNBC's Power Lunch on January 2:
Ryan Miller left the Buffalo Sabres as their all-time leader in wins, and they certainly haven't looked capable of getting one themselves lately.
Now with the Vancouver Canucks, Miller is expected to face his former team for the first time since being traded as the Sabres look to avoid the NHL's longest regulation losing streak in 22 years tonight.
You can listen to the game live on TSN Radio 1040 Vancouver with coverage starting at 5pm pt.
Miller was a cornerstone for the Sabres for nearly a decade, setting franchise records for wins in a season (41) and overall (284) while claiming the 2010 Vezina Trophy. He also spurred runs to the 2006 and '07 Eastern Conference finals.
He gained mainstream notoriety for backstopping the United States to the silver medal in the 2010 Olympics, earning MVP honors.
An expiring contract, however, led the Sabres to send him to St. Louis in a blockbuster trade on March 1.
"It's going to be a little bit strange. I'm going to pay special attention not to pass the puck to the Buffalo symbol," Miller said. "It's going to be nice to see some of the faces over there, but part of hockey is having fun competing against your friends, former teammates, colleagues. I look forward to these opportunities.
"This is a chance to play against a team and organization that does mean a lot to me."
Miller has adjusted just fine after signing with the Canucks (26-17-3) last summer. He's 23-11-1 with a 2.33 goals-against average and five shutouts. However, he's allowed six goals on 48 shots while losing his last two games after going 7-2-1 with a 1.40 GAA and two shutouts over his previous 10.
He made 20 saves Tuesday, when Vancouver lost 4-0 to NHL-leading Anaheim.
"I think we're a better team than that," coach Willie Desjardins said after his team was held to 17 shots. "We've just got to find ways."
The Sabres (14-32-3) probably say that nearly every game, as they own the worst record in the NHL after finishing last in 2013-14.
They're also enduring a franchise-record 13-game losing streak, and a loss to Miller would give them the longest regulation losing streak since San Jose dropped 17 straight from Jan. 4-Feb. 12, 1993.
Desjardins, though, isn't taking Buffalo lightly.
"I think if you look past them, it's a mistake. I don't know why we would. We certainly shouldn't be," Desjardins said.
The Sabres, 1-16-1 in their last 18 games, did little to strike fear in anyone Thursday, losing 3-2 at Edmonton in a battle of the two worst teams in the league.
"I think we need to stay positive and just keep approaching every game like we're going to win the game," said Jhonas Enroth, who had 31 saves. "We can't go into every game thinking we're going to lose the game. We have to stay positive and still believe that we can win games."
Improved goaltending would also help. Enroth has lost eight straight starts with a 4.66 GAA, but it's unclear if he'll get the call on back-to-back days.
Backup Michal Neuvirth, though, has a 4.10 GAA while losing his last eight starts since returning from a lower-body injury. He's lost both of his career visits to Vancouver while surrendering seven goals on 67 shots.
Miller sympathizes with his former team.
"When you're not getting the results and people are talking about it, there's that place you can go and kind of get numb and don't get emotionally charged," he said. "Last year, I was getting a little bit numb for a stretch, but I reminded myself why I like to play and re-energized myself.
"I hope they find that energy."
Sabres (31PTS) at Canucks (55PTS)
VAN was 2-0-0 vs BUF last season
Teams have split the last two games in VAN
VAN (26-17-3):
lost 2 straight, outscored 8-1, 0/10 on PP
Miller (10-5-0 at home this season, 2.38GAA, .912sv%)
BUF (14-32-3):
0-13-0 past 13 games, outscored 56-19, 29/43 on PK
Myers (1G, 1A) past 2 games
Former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell was sentenced Tuesday to two years in prison on public corruption charges, a downward departure from federal sentencing guidelines and a considerably lighter term than the decade in prison prosecutors had sought.
The sentencing capped a stunning downfall for McDonnell, who just a few years ago was chairman of the Republican Governors Association and was frequently mentioned as a possible running mate for 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney.
“I've made mistakes in my life,” McDonnell said after the sentencing, adding that he always tried to put the best interests of the people first as governor. “But I have failed at times and some of the judgments that I have made during the course of my governorship have hurt myself, my family and my beloved people of Virginia, and for that I am deeply, deeply sorry.”
He said he “never, ever” betrayed his sacred oath of office in any way and pledged an appeal. McDonnell is to report to prison by Feb. 9.
Dana Boente, U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, said the sentencing marked an “important day” for Virginia.
“It's important for the public to have confidence that when someone receives payments, when someone receives gifts in exchange for public actions, those are bribes, and it'll be pursued,” Mr. Boente said.
The former governor has maintained since before being charged that he did nothing wrong, that he was unaware of the full extent of the gifts to his family and that he understood them to be motivated by friendship.
McDonnell was convicted in September on 11 counts tied to a public corruption indictment handed up last January, shortly after he left office as Virginia's 71st governor. The indictment charged him with accepting more than $150,000 in gifts and loans from a wealthy businessman in exchange for helping the man promote his company.
The government argued that McDonnell was in denial about his guilt and was attempting to blame others for his actions.
“I'd rather not comment on the sentence itself, but I would like to say that any prison time for an elected official is punishment, and I think that it does send an important message,” said Adam Lee, special agent in charge of the FBI's Richmond field office.
McDonnell reportedly rejected a plea deal that would have averted the six-week trial last year and spared prosecution of his wife, Maureen, who was found guilty of eight charges for her role in the conspiracy. But the deal, reported last year by The Washington Post, would have required him to plead to one felony fraud charge unrelated to public corruption.
“He was convinced that there was little chance that he would be convicted,” said Larry Sabato, a political scientist at the University of Virginia. “He just completely miscalculated, as did his lawyers.”
Although defense attorneys argued that the former governor should serve only 6,000 hours of community service, such a sentence appeared unlikely. The rejected deal seemed as if it would haunt McDonnell after sentencing guidelines in connection with his conviction called for more than 10 years in prison.
“If you can be lucky as you're being sentenced to prison, then Bob McDonnell was lucky,” Mr. Sabato said.
Maureen McDonnell, who was in the courtroom Tuesday, is scheduled to be sentenced next month.
U.S. District Court Judge James R. Spencer, stern and dispassionate in his handling of the trial, noted the outpouring of public support for McDonnell on Tuesday from people including former Gov. L. Douglas Wilder, who spoke on the former governor's behalf. The judge characterized McDonnell as a “good and decent man who has done a lot of good in the public area.”
“It breaks my heart, but I have a duty I can't avoid,” Judge Spencer said.
After reducing the sentencing range to about 6½ to eight years in prison — saying an “obstruction of justice” enhancement shouldn't count toward the term — Judge Spencer delivered a sentence well below the guidelines.
Jeffrey Bellin, an associate professor at William & Mary Law School, said federal judges typically follow federal guidelines and the degree of departure in the case was “particularly notable.”
“The ex-governor also has significant legal issues for appeal, including whether federal law prohibits exchanging ‘access' for money,” Mr. Bellin said. “While it may seem clear that such exchanges should be unlawful, the legal precedent in this case could be applied to campaign contributions, and that may trouble an appeals court.”
McDonnell is the first Virginia governor, and the 12th nationally, convicted of corruption, federal officials said. Others include Rod Blagojevich of Illinois, who is serving 14 years for a scheme to sell President Obama's former U.S. Senate seat; Edwin Edwards of Louisiana, who was sentenced to 10 years for extorting money from casino license applicants; and Arch Moore of West Virginia, who got nearly six years for extorting money from a coal operator and other offenses. Some have escaped jail time altogether.
⦁ This article is based in part on wire service reports.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
http://www.amazon.com/Terminator-Machines-Two-Disc-Widescreen-Edition/dp/B00005JM0B "Killer robots" that could attack targets autonomously without a human pulling the trigger pose a threat to international stability and should be banned before they come into existence, the United Nations will be told by its human rights investigator this week.
Christof Heyns, the UN special rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, will address the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva on Thursday and call for a worldwide moratorium on what he calls "lethal autonomous robotics" - weapons systems that, once activated, can lock on and kill targets without further involvement of human handlers.
"Machines lack morality and mortality, and as a result should not have life and death powers over humans," Heyns will say.
Heyns's call for a moratorium draws the UN into the realms of sci-fi: fully autonomous weapons have not yet been developed, and exist only in the imaginations of military planners. However, experts in warfare technologies warn that the world's leading military powers are moving so rapidly in this direction that a pre-emptive ban is essential.
"States are working towards greater and greater autonomy in weapons, and the potential is there for such technologies to be developed in the next 10 or 20 years," said Bonnie Docherty of Harvard law school's International Human Rights Clinic, who co-authored a report on the subject with Human Rights Watch.
In his submission to the UN, Heyns points to the experience of drones. Unmanned aerial vehicles were intended initially only for surveillance, and their use for offensive purposes was prohibited, yet once strategists realised their perceived advantages as a means of carrying out targeted killings, all objections were swept out of the way.
Drone technology has already moved a step closer to a fully autonomous state in the form of the X-47B, a super-charged UAV developed by the US Navy that can fly itself, and which last week completed the first takeoff from an aircraft carrier. The drone is billed as a non-combat craft, yet its design includes two weapons bays capable of carrying more than 4,000lbs.
Britain is developing its own next generation of drone, known as Taranis, that can be sent to tackle targets at long range and can defend itself from enemy aircraft. Like X-47B it has two in-built weapons bays, though is currently unarmed.
Apart from drones, several states are known to be actively exploring the possibility of autonomous weapons operating on the ground. South Korea has set up sentry robots known as SGR-1 along the Demilitarized Zone with North Korea that can detect people entering the zone through heat and motion sensors; though the sentry is currently configured so that it has to be operated by a human, it is reported to have an automatic mode, which, if deployed, would allow it to fire independently on intruders.
Steve Goose, Human Rights Watch's arms director, said it was undeniable that "modern militaries are looking to develop autonomous weapons. The question is how far that push for autonomy will go."
Given its dominance as the world's leading military power, the US is likely to set the pace. According to Human Rights Watch, the Pentagon is spending about $6bn a year on research and development of unmanned systems, though in a directive adopted last November it said that fully autonomous weapons could only be used "to apply non-lethal, non-kinetic force, such as some forms of electronic attack".
The key issue identified by Heyns in his UN submission is whether future weapons systems will be allowed to make the decision to kill autonomously, without human intervention. In military jargon, there are those unmanned weapons where "humans are in the loop" - ie retain control over the weapon and ultimately pull the trigger - as opposed to the future potential for autonomous weapons where humans are "out of the loop" and the decision to attack is taken by the robot itself.
The possibility of "out of the loop" weapons raises a plethora of moral and legal issues, Heyns says. Most worryingly, it could lead to increasing distance between those carrying out the attack and their targets: "In addition to being physically removed from the kinetic action, humans would also become more detached from decisions to kill - and their execution."
This article originally appeared on guardian.co.uk
13 female protestors have been freed from jail in Cambodia
A court in Phnom Penh, Cambodia, has ordered the release of 13 women who were sentenced to two and a half years in prison for protesting their eviction from their homes.
The women had lived in in Phnom Penh's Boueng Kak lake area, which was awarded to a Chinese company for commercial development, including luxury housing, by the Cambodian government.
But the residents complained that they did not receive adequate compensation. They were arrested in 2010 when they tried to rebuild their homes on land where their old houses had stood.
While the appeal was taking place on Wednesday there was a clash outside the court between police and around 200 human rights activists who were showing their support for the women. At least 12 people were hurt.
Judge Seng Sivutha upheld the convictions of the women for aggravated rebellion and illegal occupation of land, but reduced their sentences to time served of one month and three days and freed them because he said they had children to take care of.
However Amnesty International said the appeals court ‘should have overturned the women's convictions, not simply suspended the remainder of their sentences and allowed the convictions to stand.'
MORE WORLD NEWS
Everyone wants a toned body and some people follow a special diet and strict exercise regimen to achieve it. But even after exercising and dieting, some areas of stubborn fat and cellulite just don't seem to respond to anything. Frustrated, people start looking for other techniques that can help them get rid of these extra inches.
Body contouring is a procedure to reduce excess fat and loose skin from different areas of the body. Ideal for people who have lost a lot of weight and are left with layers of sagging skin, this treatment is available in both surgical and non-surgical (non-invasive) varieties. In this blog post, we'll discuss the different types of non-invasive body contouring procedures.
Different Types of Body Contouring Methods
There are several methods of this treatment available. Here are some of the major techniques that are performed in most aesthetics clinics.
Radiofrequency
In this procedure, the dermatologist targets the excess fat areas with radio frequency waves that convert into heat energy. As the waves convert, they produce heat deep inside the fat cells and destroy them. The heat generated within the fat cells ranges between 43-45 °C. The procedure is absolutely safe as apoptosis in only fat cells is initiated and the surrounding cells are left unaffected.
Radiofrequency is used regularly in dermatology, although it's not approved by FDA (Food and Drugs Administration). Results are visible after 3-8 weeks post treatment.
Low-Level Laser Therapy
Low-level laser therapy (LLLT) makes use of infrared light of wavelengths between 532-635 nm (nanometer) for targeting fat cells. Exposure to infrared causes changes in fat cell metabolism and initiates volume reduction and tightening. This treatment requires more than one treatment session and has minimal side effects. LLLT is approved by the FDA.
High-Intensity Ultrasound
intensity focused ultrasound (HIFU) waves are used to destroy the fat cells in this body contouring method. Approved by the FDA, this method helps to gradually dissolve fat cells and tone up the body. The procedure is suitable for all skin types and usually, shows results in 12 weeks.
Cryolipolysis
This technique is based on the principle of exposing the fat cells to low temperature, starting apoptosis. Fat cells are vulnerable to low temperatures and after this treatment, a restructuring of the subcutaneous layer of the skin is initiated and the fat cells are reduced.
There are no side effects except a temporary paraesthesia (a tingling sensation), bruising, and erythema (superficial reddening of the skin) post treatment. Best results can be seen after multiple sessions through a period of 3-6 months.
Body contouring is a field of paramedical aesthetics and it's developing fast with newer techniques and devices. All the methods are performed by dermatologists and certified beauty technicians. The dermatologist reviews the medical history of a patient before deciding his/her eligibility for the treatment. The device and technique are also chosen by the dermatologist depending on the patient.
Join our paramedical courses at Body Pro Beauty & Aesthetics Academy Inc. to learn body contouring techniques from industry experts. Call us at 905-790-0037 or request a tour at our academy before admission.
Image Courtesy: medileanwellness.com
The hostile relationship of the Russian military, civil authorities and parts of the population on the western periphery of the Russian Empire to the Jews during World War I was well known to contemporaries and was even defined by them as a “war”. Indeed, trying to convince Nicholas II, Emperor of Russia (1868-1918) to modify the anti-Jewish policy of the General Headquarters, Finance Minister Petr L. Bark (1869-1937) told him in the summer of 1915, “we cannot and must not simultaneously wage war against Germany and the Jews. In that case we cannot count on victory.”[1]
The concept of a “national” military doctrine based on citizens' loyalty and willingness to sacrifice for the sake of the motherland, can be seen to have influenced the Russian army's aggressive policy toward the Jews. In the years preceding World War I, the army leadership manifested an increasingly negative attitude toward the Jews. Russian generals regarded the Jews as a harmful and dangerous element of the population that was unsuited for military service and would be disloyal in wartime. The army was more anti-Jewish in its orientation than the majority of society. According to the military, the Jews' lack of military might do not eliminate the potential danger from the Jews, who were feared to directly aid the enemy and exert a demoralizing effect on Russian soldiers. Simplistic logic convinced the military and civil authorities that the Jews ─ a persecuted and oppressed minority ─ could not be Russian patriots and would not want to make sacrifices for the motherland. “Progressive” military thinking in the prewar years propounded an active policy of neutralizing “disloyal elements” of the population as a condition for military success.
The military command's negative stereotypes of the Jews were formed in the pre-war years. These stereotypes were exasperated by the broad authority granted to the military command in the sphere of civil rule near the front and the unforeseen difficulty of military actions and the Russian army's resulting failure and defeat. Strong anti-Semitic sentiments shared by a group of high-ranking commanders (including Nikolai N. Yanushkevich (1868-1918), the Chief of Staff of the General Headquarters), added an element of personal hatred to the anti-Jewish measures of the army.
Russian Army Anti-Jewish Measures ↑
From the first days of the war, Russian commanders pointed to the alleged disloyalty of Russia's Jewish population, its direct complicity with the enemy, and its involvement in espionage. Utilizing the broad authority entrusted to military authorities by wartime acts, the army began to solve the “problem” of Jewish disloyalty. In this “struggle” the army expelled Jews from various localities, took hostages, and restricted the movement of Jews near the front line. The General Headquarters (Stavka) officially adopted these measures in a published statement in January 1915 that set forth the charges against the Jews. No distinction was made between Jews who were Russian citizens and Jews in occupied Galicia. The proposed measures were either supposed to ensure the Jews' loyalty by instilling fear of expulsion or execution, or to eliminate the Jews' “harmfulness” by restricting contacts between the troops and Jews.
As a direct result of this January 1915 declaration, the Russian command made several attempts to carry out a mass deportation of the Jewish population from the front lines (in particular, from Plotsk gubernia in the Kingdom of Poland and from occupied Galicia). These attempts were unsuccessful because the policy of mass deportations required precise coordination between the military and civil authorities both near the front lines (where the governors and police were responsible for implementing deportations) and in the rear, which had to receive the expelled population. The military command was unable to attain such cooperation because of the strong opposition to deportations by civil authorities on various levels. In May 1915, however, about 200,000 Jews were expelled from the provinces of Kovno and Kurland; this mass deportation was carried out by the Commander of the X. Army General Nikolai A. Radkievich (1851–?) with the support of General Yanushkievich from the General Headquarters. The masses of expelled Jews disrupted transport operations and disorganized the army's rear during the crucial summer months of 1915. This was the sole deportation on such a scale, but for the various ranks of the military command, local expulsions remained a convenient and widely used means of clearing the battle area of the undesirable presence of the Jewish population. From 1914 to 1916 at least 189 Jewish communities in the Russian Empire, Galicia and Bukovina suffered from deportations and expulsions.
Hostage-taking of Jews, a measure that affected the entire Jewish population near the front, was also considered legitimate. As of May 1915, hostage-taking, which was simpler to carry out than expulsions, was supposed to replace the latter as a basic means of assuring the Jews' loyalty. Both general expulsions and the taking of civilian Jewish hostages became symbols of the military authorities' repressive policy toward the Jews, which was widely discussed in the country (including at the meetings of the Council of Ministers) and worldwide.
Army Pogroms ↑
The hostile attitude toward the Jews degenerated into aggressive behavior by the Russian military toward the Jewish population. Army officers and soldiers believed en masse that the Jews were guilty of treason and wrecking. Moreover, the Russian army employed looting and violence in their method of conducting war. Looting, robbery, and violence (including rape) peaked during the “Great Retreat” of the Russian army in the summer and autumn of 1915, while the Cossacks and regular troops received orders to implement a “scorched earth” policy. Robbery and looting of Jewish populations were typical for the whole front line area; pogroms were characteristic of Russian-occupied Galicia from September to November 1914. Pogroms also occurred when the army was forced to retreat, as for example in Lithuania and Byelorussia in the summer and autumn of 1915. The officers and military commanders preferred to ignore the troops' conduct toward the Jews, and sometimes even joined the looters and perpetrators. The same kind of anti-Jewish violence, carried out by military units and ignored or supported by their commanders, continued and increased during the pogroms of the Russian Civil War (1917–1922).
International Consequences ↑
On the international political arena the Jewish question damaged Russia's prestige and impeded the procurement of credit. During 1915–1916, Western governments and financial backers demanded an easing of the Jews' condition and a change in the attitude toward them as a condition for extending financial aid to Russia. It is thus very clear that the army's treatment of the Jews harmed Russia's international financial position and its ability to wage war effectively.
Semion Goldin, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem
Section Editors: Yulia Khmelevskaya; Katja Bruisch; Olga Nikonova; Oxana Sergeevna Nagornaja
People protest as police officers stand guard in front of the parliament building in Budapest on April 4, 2017 (AFP Photo/ATTILA KISBENEDEK)
Budapest (AFP) - Hungarian lawmakers on Tuesday approved legislation that could force the closure of a prestigious Budapest university founded by US billionaire investor George Soros, sparking fresh protests.
The English-language Central European University (CEU), set up in 1991 after the fall of communism, has long been seen as a hostile bastion of liberalism by Prime Minister Viktor Orban's government.
MPs in the 199-seat parliament, dominated by Orban's Fidesz party, voted 123 in favour and 38 against the legislation affecting foreign universities operating in Hungary.
The new rules ban institutions outside the European Union from awarding Hungarian diplomas without an agreement between national governments.
They will also be required to have a campus and faculties in their home country -- conditions not met by the CEU.
Failure to comply would mean the CEU could not accept new student intakes from 2018, and possibly close by 2021.
The CEU said Tuesday it would contest the constitutionality of the bill.
"The new law puts at risk the academic freedom not only of CEU but of other Hungarian research and academic institutions," the university said in a statement.
The bill is seen as a fresh attack on the Hungarian-born philanthropist Soros, 86, often accused by Orban of seeking to undermine Europe by backing open borders and pro-refugee policies.
- 'Unfair advantage' -
The legislation, put forward last week and rushed through parliament in a fast-track procedure, triggered a large protest in Budapest on Sunday and has drawn international condemnation.
The US State Department had called for the proposal to be withdrawn, while an open letter was signed by over 900 academics around the world including 18 Nobel prize-winning economists.
"If we want to be a shining beacon of human rights in the world... then Europe can't remain silent when civil society members like the Central European University in Budapest are being stifled," German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier said Tuesday in a speech to European MPs in Strasbourg.
Orban said Monday the future of the CEU depends on the conclusion of a treaty between the governments of Hungary and the United States within the next six months.
The right-wing strongman has accused the university of "cheating" and of having an "unfair advantage" over local institutions -- allegations rejected by the CEU as "defamatory".
Registered in New York state, the CEU teaches over 1,400 students from more than 100 predominantly central and eastern European, as well as post-Soviet Union nations.
It ranks among the top 200 universities in the world in eight disciplines, including top 50 rankings in political science and international studies.
More than 5,000 people staged a protest around its downtown Budapest campus later Tuesday, an AFP correspondent said. Sunday's march drew an estimated 10,000 demonstrators.
Within five days, President Janos Ader must either sign the legislation into force or order a review by the constitutional court.
Human Rights Watch on Tuesday called on Ader not to sign the bill, denouncing what it said was Hungary's "contempt for critical voices in society".
Since coming to power in 2010, Orban has launched contentious sweeping reforms targeting independent institutions like the media and the judiciary.
A law clamping down on foreign-funded non-governmental organisations, including many by Soros, is expected to go before parliament later this month.
National security was further undermined for petty political reasons.
Washington Post: When a new Bin Laden tape was obtained by an undercover intelligence operation, in November 2007, the Bush Administration was told to keep it a secret until Al Qaeda had released it. But the Bush Administration leaked it to the press, thus alerting Al Qaeda to the fact that they had a security breach, and destroying years of security work.
MSNBC: An entire intelligence network tracking Iran's nuclear ambitions was destroyed when members of the Bush Administration outed a classified agent, to exact political revenge on her husband.
Newsweek:
The most successful international team ever assembled to probe suspected WMD activities is shutting down this week, thanks to U.S. and British insistence. The team (the U.N. commission initially acronymed UNSCOM and then UNMOVIC) spent 16 years uncovering and destroying Saddam Hussein's chemical, biological and missile weapons programs. The U.S. invasion of Iraq proved that the U.N.'s intel-overruled by the Bush administration-had indeed been correct: Saddam no longer had WMD. But late last month, the U.S. and British governments pushed through the U.N. Security Council a vote to halt funding for UNMOVIC.
Overall, U.S. national security was undermined from without.
Foreign Policy In Focus: Bush Administration policies undermined America's image and standing around the globe.
Washington Post: Bush's overhaul of security at federal buildings may have made federal employees less secure.
In February 2007, Foreign Policy and the Center for American Progress conducted a survey on national security issues. They called it The Terrorism Index:
Surveying more than 100 of America's top foreign-policy experts-Republicans and Democrats alike-the FOREIGN POLICY/Center for American Progress Terrorism Index is the only comprehensive, nonpartisan effort to mine the highest echelons of the nation's foreign-policy establishment for its assessment of how the United States is fighting the war on terror.
How bad was the Bush Administration?
Nearly every foreign policy of the U.S. government-from domestic surveillance activities and the detention of terrorist suspects at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, to U.S. energy policies and efforts in the Middle East peace process-was sharply criticized by the experts. More than 6 in 10 experts, for instance, believe U.S. energy policies are negatively affecting the country's national security. The experts were similarly critical of the CIA's rendition of terrorist suspects to countries known to torture prisoners and the Pentagon's policy of trying detainees before military tribunals. No effort of the U.S. government was more harshly criticized, however, than the war in Iraq. In fact, that conflict appears to be the root cause of the experts' pessimism about the state of national security. Nearly all-92 percent-of the index's experts said the war in Iraq negatively affects U.S. national security, an increase of 5 percentage points from a year ago. Negative perceptions of the war in Iraq are shared across the political spectrum, with 84 percent of those who describe themselves as conservative taking a dim view of the war's impact. More than half of the experts now oppose the White House's decision to "surge" additional troops into Baghdad, a remarkable 22 percentage-point increase from just six months ago. Almost 7 in 10 now support a drawdown and redeployment of U.S. forces out of Iraq.
And:
More than half say the surge is having a negative impact on U.S. national security, up 22 percentage points from just six months ago. This sentiment was shared across party lines, with 64 percent of conservative experts saying the surge is having either a negative impact or no impact at all.
They rated the handling of the war as a 2.9 on a scale of 10. Only 12 percent believed a withdrawal from Iraq would lead directly to a new terrorist attack in the U.S.
U.S. national security was undermined from within, through the systematic abuse of military personnel.
Overused and over-extended.
Washington Monthly: Stop-Loss policy prevented at least 50,000 troops from leaving the military when their service was scheduled to end.
USA Today: Multiple deployments were adding to the troops' stress.
CNN: In April 2007, tours of duty were extended from 12 to 15 months.
New York Times: Republicans killed Democratic Senator Jim Webb's attempt to give troops more downtime between deployments.
MSNBC: Deployed single parents were having to fight to retain custody of their children.
International Herald Tribune: The bipartisan National Governors Association warned Bush that use of National Guard troops for his Iraq escalation was overburdening already overburdened units, and undermined the Guard's ability "to respond to hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, forest fires and other emergencies."
CBS News: To accommodate Bush's Iraq escalation schedule, two Army combat brigades had to skip their planned desert training.
Agence France-Presse: Nearly two-thirds of polled veterans from the Afghanistan and Iraq wars considered the military over-extended.
Inadequately protected and inadequately cared for.
New York Times: A 2006 study showed that eighty percent of marines killed from upper body wounds would have survived, if they'd had adequate body armor.
Newsweek: Troops were forced to improvise their own vehicle armor, because the military wasn't providing the real thing.
Washington Post: Even as the escalation began, thousands of Army Humvees still lacked FRAG Kit 5 armor protection.
TXCN News: Soldiers were provided such inadequate supplies of water, on the battlefield, that it was literally making them ill.
Salon: The Veterans Administration knew as early as 2004 that there were serious problems with the conditions at Walter Reed Army Medical Center- and did nothing.
Salon: The Department of Defense also knew about the problems long before public exposure, and the resulting outcry forced them actually to do something about it.
NPR: Veterans were receiving fewer medical disability benefits now than before the war
MSNBC: Up to twenty percent of Iraq Vets may have been suffering Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder.
Washington Post: A Pentagon task force concluded that the available medical care for those troops suffering psychological problems was "woefully inadequate."
Salon: Wounded soldiers classified as medically unfit for battle were being reclassified as fit, so they could be sent back into battle.
Salon: These reclassifications were done to provide enough manpower for Bush's escalation.
Salon: Even soldiers with acute Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder were being sent back to Iraq.
Understandably, morale deteriorated
Spiegel Online: Troops stationed in Germany were increasingly going AWOL rather than be cannon fodder for Bush's insanity.
New York Times: The army had to revise upwards its understated desertion rate.
Boston Globe: West Point graduates were leaving the military at the highest rate in three decades, as repeated tours of Iraq drove out some of the army's best young officers.
Associated Press: The Army had its highest desertion rate since 1980.
Psychological trauma and suicide.
CBS News: By July 2007, some "38 percent of soldiers and 31 percent of Marines report psychological conditions such as brain injury and PTSD after returning from deployment. Among members of the National Guard, the figure is much higher — 49 percent — with numbers expected to grow because of repeated and extended deployments."
Journal of the American Medical Association, reported that:
The prevalence of reporting a mental health problem was 19.1% among service members returning from Iraq compared with 11.3% after returning from Afghanistan and 8.5% after returning from other locations (P<.001). Mental health problems reported on the postdeployment assessment were significantly associated with combat experiences, mental health care referral and utilization, and attrition from military service. Thirty-five percent of Iraq war veterans accessed mental health services in the year after returning home; 12% per year were diagnosed with a mental health problem. More than 50% of those referred for a mental health reason were documented to receive follow-up care although less than 10% of all service members who received mental health treatment were referred through the screening program.
Stacy Bannerman, Foreign Policy In Focus:
Soldiers who have served -- or are serving -- in Iraq are killing themselves at higher percentages than in any other war where such figures have been tracked.
Associated Press: The army experienced the highest suicide rate in 26 years.
New York Times: By January 2008, traumatized Iraq veterans were leaving "a trail of death and heartbreak in U.S."
Washington Post: Suicides among active-duty soldiers had reached their highest level since the Army began keeping such records.
Washington Post: In April 2008, 300,000 veterans of the Bush wars were reported to be suffering from PTSD or major depression.
The Oregonian: In July 2009, a report showed a dramatic jump in the rate of mental illness, among veterans of the Bush wars.
Boston Globe: By July 2009, homelessness was rising among female veterans of the Bush wars. Many are single parents.
Science Daily: By November 2009, the rate of PTSD among Iraq troops was reported to be as high as 35%.
San Francisco Chronicle: Homelessness, overall, was rising among veterans of the Bush wars.
Prop Adam Walker has joined Wakefield Trinity from Betfred Super League side St Helens and will link up with Chris Chester and the first team squad immediately.
Walker, who has represented Scotland, has had extensive experience in Super League after he started his career in 2010 for Huddersfield Giants before signing a deal at Hull KR in 2013.
Towards the end of last season the prop signed for St Helens on a two-year deal and has since made nine appearances and made his debut for the Saints against Wakefield back in February.
Trinity are delighted to announce the signing of Adam Walker on a two-and-half year deal. https://t.co/2xYvHgkGPb pic.twitter.com/ax4MuuhWX0 — Wakefield Trinity (@WTrinityRL) May 25, 2017
Head Coach Chris Chester is delighted with the signing, saying: “I have worked with Adam for a number of years, and we have got a good relationship. He is one of the best young British forwards in Super League and we have beat off a host of other Super League clubs for his signature.
“I would like to thank St Helens and Michael Carter for making this deal happen and I am sure he will become a fan favourite at the club for many years.”
Adam Walker said: “I am looking forward to getting out there, I have known Chris most of my professional playing career, I met him when I played for Scotland about six or seven years ago and I know what to expect from him and he knows what to expect from me, so I am looking forward to playing under him again.”
Chairman Michael Carter said: “ I am delighted that we have managed to secure Adam for the next two- and -half years, I would just like to thank Eamonn McManus and Mike Rush at St Helens and Martin Shuttleworth, Adam's agent for concluding this deal quickly. Our squad is shaping up very nicely for this season and beyond.”
For years now we've enjoyed the adventures of Ezio Auditore as he makes his way through the Italian Renaissance and Ottoman-controlled Constantinople. That story is over. Ever since the conclusion of Assassin's Creed II, a senior team of Ubisoft developers has been secretly toiling away on what comes next. That team aimed high, with plans to examine and rethink every element of the franchise from the ground up, build something new, and take a full three year development cycle to do it.
The game that emerged is Assassin's Creed III. Set in the latter half of the 18th century, we'll see the war between the Templars and the Assassins escalate as it crosses over to the New World of America, and witness firsthand the events of the American Revolution. Caught in the conflict is a daring new hero in the Assassin's Creed franchise. We have the full story of this new hero and the striking game in which he stars, along with exclusive screens and art from the project, all packed into a massive 13-page cover story.
To whet your appetite, take a look at an early glimpse of the new game. Our cover image gives you the first hints of what to expect. Who is this new protagonist? What is his importance to the larger history-spanning story of the franchise? Let the speculation begin.
If that front cover didn't give you enough to talk about, explore the full wraparound.
In addition to our main cover, a small number of random subscribers will receive our limited-run special edition cover crafted by acclaimed comic artist Alex Ross, as seen below.
The full wraparound:
On top of Assassin's Creed III, don't miss our yearly nod to all the April Fools out there. Game Infarcer returns, and no one is safe or sacred.
We also take a closer look at the best-selling XBLA game of 2011 -- Pinball FX 2 -- and reveal some brand-new tables coming to the hit game. Here's your first taste:
If that's not enough, watch for previews of Far Cry 3, Darksiders II, Resident Evil 6, and Xenoblade Chronicles. And what is our final verdict on games like Journey and Silent Hill: Downpour? That's on top of a full rundown of reviews for every Vita game we could get our hands on.
If you're a subscriber, all of this and more is on the way to your mailbox in the coming days. If you subscribe digitally, watch for your issue to arrive on March 6th. To subscribe to the digital edition right now, click here.
After you read our cover story on Assassin's Creed III, check back all month to our dedicated hub page for the game at gameinformer.com/ac3. You can also click on the banner below to head straight to the hub, which you can bookmark to check back on every few days as we roll out new info, images, and interviews.
As always, thanks for the continued support, which is the biggest reason we can continue to deliver more stories just like Assassin's Creed III. Let us know what you think of both covers in the comments below.
The national anthem singer at the Nets' home opener took a knee at the end of her performance.
Justine Skye was nearing the completion of the song Friday night when she went to one knee for the finish. There were some cheers, but appeared to be more boos from the crowd at Barclays Center to see the Nets play the Magic.
Skye, a R&B artist from Brooklyn, posted a video of the scene on her Instagram account later Friday, explaining her motivation for joining in the movement to protest racial injustice in America. The 22-year-old said she felt obligated to act despite the potential consequences.
“Got a bit shaky at the end.. was pretty uneasy about singing the anthem and probably won't ever be invited to sing it again but I had to take a knee for the opening game in my city and let my voice be heard,” Skye wrote. “We will not be silenced. #blacklivesmatter”
NBA players have continued to stand during the playing of the anthems, as required by league rule.
With AP
0 Shares
Kevin Owens Attacks (and Mocks) Shinsuke Nakamura During His Entrance At WWE Honolulu
Kevin Owens faced off against Shinsuke Nakamura in a match at the WWE Honolulu live event on Wednesday. A lot of fans (including myself) are questioning why this event wasn't a WWE Network special since the match card looks pretty solid for the Hawaii event. The event was headlined by AJ Styles vs Chris Jericho vs Seth Rollins vs Dean Ambrose. This was the first time the WWE had been to Hawaii for a live event since 2009.
One of the amazing matches at WWE Honolulu was Shinsuke Nakamura vs Kevin Owens. These are two of the best wrestlers in the company and no doubt in my mind they will lock up on the main roster in the near future.
In the video below, Nakamura was doing his patented entrance where he leans back using the rope. Kevin Owens in typical KO fashion attacked Nakamura and even mocked his entrance. Kevin Owens proving once again that he is one of the best heels in the WWE right now.
Widget not in any sidebars
Here was the video: (shout out to @DeathToAllMarks on Twitter):
Why wasn't WWE Honolula a WWE network special? Nakamura picked up the win against Owens in a reportedly great match.
[irp posts=”13336″ name=”Updated Match Cards For This Weekend's WWE Japan Live Events”]
When these two face off on WWE TV it will be amazing.
Let us know what you think in the comment section below. If you attended this event leave us a live report!
CTV Windsor
In an emotional news conference Thursday afternoon, Leamington mayor John Paterson told the media that Heinz will be closing their operation in the town.
The news conference was held shortly after workers were informed by Heinz of the decision to close the plant.
“Generations have grown up with ties to this company,” Paterson says.
The closure will affect 740 full-time employees. Seasonal employees, the farming community and suppliers will also be affected.
“We reached this decision after thoroughly exploring extensive alternatives and options,” says Michael Mullen, Sr. vice president of corporate and government affairs for Heinz in a statement. “Heinz fully appreciates and regrets the impact our decision will have on employees and the communities in which these factories are located.”
Along with Leamington, Heinz has announced closures in Florence, SC. and Pocatello, ID. The decision will see an approximate total of 1.350 employees laid off. However, Mullen says investments will be made in other facilities. Mullen says the closures will happen in a staged process over the next six to eight months, with production shifting to other facilities.
“Heinz will continue to invest in improving capacity utilization and will add 470 employees across five existing factories in Ohio, Iowa, California and Canada,” says Mullen. “Once this consolidation is complete, Heinz will employ approximately 6,800 hourly and salaried workers at sites across Canada and the United States. “
The privately owned ketchup company was purchased earlier this year by Warren Buffet's Berkshire Hathaway and 3G Capital.
It was announced last month that McDonald's Corp. would be severing its relationship with Heinz after 40 years of business.
Heinz opened its door in Leamington over a century ago, quickly becoming the town's biggest employer. Heinz pays the town approximately $1-million each year in property taxes.
Mullen says Heinz is committed to treating all employees with the utmost dignity and respect.
“Heinz plans to offer severance benefits, outplacement services and other support to help affected employees pursue new job opportunities, at the appropriate time,” says Mullen. “We appreciate the many contributions these employees have made to Heinz.”
“In all that time the Heinz Company has been a corporate citizen, to be mayor in this historic moment… it's very difficult,” says Paterson.
Year Without A Summer, 1816
On April 5, 1815, a massive volcanic explosion occurred, causing global climate changes for more than a year after the event. Mount Tambora, located on the island of Sumbawa in southern Indonesia, violently erupted, and instantly killed about 15,000 people. Another 65,000 people died soon after of disease or starvation. Many tons of ash and debris were thrown up into the stratosphere, which blocked sunlight and slowly lowered the temperature globally. 1816 became known as The Year Without a Summer in the Northeast.
On June 6 and 7, 1816, a significant snowstorm hit northern New York and New England, with several localities recording 6 inches of snow. It is believed that on June 7 snow flurries occurred in greater Boston, which is likely the latest seasonal instance of snowfall in Boston history. In July and August, the unprecedented cold weather pattern continued, with temperatures dropping to 40 degrees Fahrenheit on certain days as far south as Connecticut. The average temperature reduction for the entire summer was about 3-5 degrees.
Year Without A Summer
The impact of the Mount Tambora explosion was far reaching. In New England alone, the event caused a large drop in crop yields for 1816, and has been attributed as a cause for the historic migration of many farmers from the Northeast to the Midwest in the 1820s.
An excellent contemporary account of the Spring of 1816 is recorded in the July 17, 1816 issue of The Reporter (Brattleborough, VT):
"The Season — It is believed that the memory of no man living can furnish a parallel to this present season. From every part of the United States, north of the Potomac, as well as from Canada, we have accounts of the remarkable coldness of the weather, and of vegetation retarded or destroyed by untimely frosts. In Montreal, on the 6th, 8th, and 9th of June were falls of snow, and from the 6th to the 10th, it froze every night. Birds, which were never before found except in remote forests, were then to be met with in every part of the city, and among the [flocks], and many of them benumbed with cold, dropped dead in the streets.
In the northern parts of the state [VT], about the same time, snow fell in considerable quantities. In the town of Cabot it was 18 inches deep on the 8th of June. From the northern and western parts of New York, and from Maine, we have received accounts of summer snows, and winter lingering in the lap of June; and the most gloomy apprehensions of distressing scarcity are entertained by those who witnessed the phenomena.
When remarkable effects appear to be produced, we have always philosophers ready to assign their causes. Ingenious theories on the subject of this apparent alteration of the climate of North America, have made their exits through the medium of newspapers. Some have attributed the diminution of atmospheric heat to immense fields of ice floating in the Atlantic to the eastward Gulph of St. Lawrence (which were met with by British merchantmen in the beginning of May,) together with unusual quantities of ice frozen in the lakes of the north-west of the United States.
The solution of these great bodies of ice, they tell us, must absorb great quantities of caloric from the atmosphere [heat], and thus lower its temperature. But it has not been made to appear, that the coasts nearest these masses of ice floating in the Atlantic, have been more distinguished by unseasonable frosts and snows than lands lying on the same parallel in the interior part of the country. We have heard of no deeper snows in June in the eastern part of New-Hampshire and the Province of Maine, than have fallen in Vermont, more than 100 miles from the sea coast.
The spring and summer frosts at Troy [NY], and its vicinity, have, we believe, been more severe than in the same latitude on the Connecticut river. Perhaps, however, it will be said that, thought the latter tract of country might feel the effects of the Atlantic ice, the former might suffer under the influence of the ice in the northern and western lakes, — But, allowing that great quantities of ice have, as it were, annihilated the spring, and blighted the summer, what philosophical conclusion can be drawn from the premises? Nothing more than this: Very cold weather produced great quantities of ice, and great quantities of ice, at their dissolution, were the cause of uncommon cold weather.
The question is, what was the cause of the original diminution of caloric, which for two seasons past [Tambora experts take note] seems to have lowered the temperature of the atmosphere throughout the northern part of our hemisphere? Perhaps we can assign no other cause than the fiat of the GREAT FIRST CAUSE [Adam & Eve]; — and the wisest philosophers will be ready to exclaim with Elihu, the friend of Jub, 'By the breath of God frost is given, and the breadth of the waters is restrained.'
We cannot, however, well forbear remarking, that the experience of several seasons passed has not comported with the theory of those philosophers, who have supposed that the mean heat of our climate has not increased by clearing and cultivating the country. This hypothesis has been opposed with great ability, and much depth of research, by Noah Webster, esq. in an essay which, if we recollect rightly, that gentleman, some time since, exhibited before a philosophical society in New Haven; a tract from which we have derived much pleasure and information, but have not now on hand. Indeed we can hardly believe that by denuding the country of its forests, and giving a free course to the cold and barren winds, which probably originate among enormous ice mountains to the north and west of the river St. Lawrence, the climate of New-England can be greatly ameliorated.
Spots on the Sun have likewise been supposed to have an influence on the present season. The sun is in no doubt the great fountain of caloric, or heat, as well as of light, and it is very rational to suppose that the objects which exhibit to us the appearance of spots on the sun, by intercepting calorific rays, may have deprived the earth of some part of quantity it usually receives. Spots on the sun so large as to be visible with the naked eye, are not of rare occurrence, and we believe something of the kind may always be seen by a telescope. Galileo, by the aid of a telescope, first discovered that the sun, which before his time had generally been considered as a globe of pure fire, was sullied by a number of dark spots, which appeared on various parts of its surface.
Neither our leisure nor our limits will admit farther discussion of this subject at this time. We may perhaps resume it on some furthre occasion, and give our readers all that 'our philosophy e'er dreamt on'."
The White House just announced that it supports legislation to reverse a ban on unlocking cellphones that went into effect this year.
“Consumers should be able to unlock their cell phones without risking criminal or other penalties,” R. David Edelman, the White House's senior adviser for internet policy, wrote in response to a petition that garnered more than 114,000 signatures. “If you have paid for your mobile device, and aren't bound by a service agreement or other obligation, you should be able to use it on another network.”
Wireless carriers in the US typically sell “locked” cellphones, which means they can only be used with wireless plans provided by those carriers. Unlocking the phone, usually with software, can be a convenient way to save money after a wireless contract expires or when traveling outside the US with international SIM cards. But last year, the US Register of Copyrights ruled (PDF) that unlocking cellphones should be illegal.
The new rule went into effect in January, prompting a wave of protest. Today, in addition to the White House comment, the Federal Communications Commission said it also opposed the unlocking ban (PDF) and would look into whether to take action.
BOSTON -(Ammoland.com)- The Gun Owners' Action League of Massachusetts today blasted UMASS officials for stopping the launch of a statewide 4-H program for kids throughout the Commonwealth that would teach gun safety and promote youth shooting sports.
Massachusetts is one of only two states that do not run a 4-H Youth Shooting Sports program.
“This move by UMASS makes absolutely no sense,” said Jim Wallace, Executive Director of GOAL. “The only reason to avoid implementing this program is because UMASS has a social bias against gun owning families and their children. Is that a justifiable reason to deprive kids of a great program – GOAL doesn't think so! We have a fully funded program for youth ready to go. It will teach them responsibility, a very popular outdoor recreational sport, a competitive sport for which they can earn a college scholarship, and be able to socialize and meet youth from around the Commonwealth.”
Startup funding of $60,000 for the program was promised by the Division of Fisheries and Wildlife (MassWildlife) for three consecutive years to support a 4-H Shooting Sports Coordinator position and training at UMASS.
The program is also backed by the UMASS 4-H Foundation that supports the fundraising and development efforts for the statewide program. In total the program would have supported over 1,000 youth at more than 50 outdoor locations across the state.
“It's disturbing to think that our Massachusetts state college system would not support a highly successful program run by 48 other state colleges across our nation,” said Mandy Deveno, a Massachusetts 4H volunteer and a proponent of the Youth Shooting Sports Program. “It's clear that UMass doesn't want to be associated with the positive use of firearms.”
4-H is a 100-year old youth development program run by the UMASS Amherst Center for Agriculture, Food and the Environment. It is part of a nationwide program connected to each state's land-grant institution of higher education.
About Gun Owners' Action League:
Gun Owners' Action League is the official state firearms association in Massachusetts. We are an association of law-abiding citizens who believe in the basic right of firearms ownership for competition, recreation and self-protection. GOAL works hard to defend the Constitution and the Bill of Rights against those in Massachusetts who wish to infringe upon the freedoms guaranteed by our forefathers. The programs sponsored and developed by Gun Owners' Action League are supported by competitors, sportsmen, recreational shooters and law enforcement throughout the state. We were formed in 1974 to protect the right to keep and bear arms for lawful purposes in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. We are recognized as the state's premier gun rights association.
For more information, visit: their website.
For as long as cannabis have been illegal, people have been finding new, innovative ways of getting it from here to there. This has led to some pretty crazy smuggling stories, methods that make you wonder just why these people aren't using their creativity in different fields. Maybe they just like the thrill.
Either way, here are some of the craziest ways in which people have tried to smuggle cannabis.
Chocolate bars
Smugglers might have thought they'd found a sweet way to get drugs into the country, but earlier this year border agents uncovered the ploy during an inspection at the Port of Halifax: more than 200 kilograms of hashish tucked away inside chocolate bars.Officers located and seized 100 chocolate bars with each containing two kilograms of hashish, a drug produced from cannabis resin.
Filling hash in the speakers of fictional rock bands
In the 70s, arguably the world's most beloved dope smuggler, Howard Marks, or Mr. Nice, transported around 30 tonnes of marijuana around the world. This Oxford nuclear physics genius conjured up fictional rock bands in the books, used their speakers and other equipment and loaded them up with massive amounts of cannabis.
Weed-stocked Wheelchair
A 19-year-old man pretending to be disabled was caught with at the U.S.-Mexico border with this weed-stocked wheelchair in 2011. This ultra-light aircraft was carrying 253lbs of marijuana when it was captured in December, 2008 in the Tucson, Arizona area. According to U.S. government statistics, there were 228 known aircraft incursion along the U.S.-Mexico border in 2010 alone.
Tunnels
The first “narco-tunnel” from Mexico to the US was discovered in 1990. According to the Los Angeles Times, the tunnel ran 273 feet from a luxury home in Agua Prieta, Mexico to a warehouse in Arizona, and it was equipped with electric lighting, a drainage system and a trolley for moving the drugs.One of the biggest narco-tunnels ever discovered in the United States was found in April 2016. According to the San Diego Union-Tribune, it ran half a mile from a house in Tijuana, Mexico to an industrial property in the San Diego area, and it was equipped with lights, rails and a ventilation system. Authorities indicated the tunnel was likely used to move multiple tons of drugs that included marijuana and cocaine.
Improvised Cannon
It's no secret that some of the most ingenious methods of smuggling have occurred between the US border with Mexico, and this one is certainly no exception. Many of these cannons are home-made from PVC piping, can be powered by a car engine, and can catapult about 13kg of drugs at a time. Some cannons can project packages as far as 120m across border fences, where they can be picked up by accomplices on the other side.
They may be on the wrong side of the law, but these guys sure do have some major cojones!
MANCHESTER, NH – The Manchester Health Department is offering free fitness classes in the community this summer.
Yoga, Zumba, Walking Club and a Family Gym are being offered at Sheridan Emmett Park, Elmwood Gardens Housing Facility, and Gossler Park Elementary School. All classes are totally free and taught by YMCA instructors. Weather permitting (except where marked with an asterisk), so mark your fitness calendars and get moving.
Sheridan Emmett Park, 324 Beech St. (behind the playground)
Zumba: Mondays and Wednesdays, July 7-Aug. 26 9-10 a.m.; Thursdays, Aug. 6-27, 6-7 p.m.
Yoga & Strength: Thursdays, July 16-Aug. 13, 9-10 a.m.
Elmwood Gardens, 83 Trahan St. (meet at the basketball court)
Walking Group: Tuesdays, July 7-Aug. 25, 4-5 p.m.
*Yoga (rain or shine): Tuesdays, Aug. 4-25. 5-6 p.m.
Gossler Park Elementary School, 145 Parkside Ave.
Family Gym: Wednesdays, July 8-Aug. 15, 4:30-5:30 p.m.
A record fair with a difference is aiming to be a moneyspinner for next year's Long Division festival.
Sunday sees the return of Vinyl Revival at Unity Works and an attempt to raise more than £1,000 for the annual musical festival, which brings thousands of people to the city each summer.
Long Division is the largest music and culture event in the Wakefield area. It is a celebration of independence and ‘DIY culture', which takes place over a weekend in June each year.
It uses a range of city centre venues and now attracts 3,000 people each year. The festival showcases local talent by placing them alongside national artists.
Vinyl Revival is organised by Wood Street Arts/Eyewood Vintage and record label Philophobia Music who both work hard to support the ‘DIY creative' scene in Wakefield.
Natalie Liddle, of Eyewood, said: “The event is not just a typical record fair aimed at die-hard collectors, although these are well catered for with 20 plus stalls selling vinyl from all genres. It's a more fun day out for all with live music and DJs, food and drink, plus stalls selling vintage and original art.”
A few months ago, the team at Vinyl Revival: Rob Stokes, Robin Goodall and Natalie Liddle, decided to dedicate their next event to support next year's festival, as they understand the value that Long Division brings to the city and are proud of its success so far.
Long Division organiser Dean Freeman said: “Long Division was always about trying to bring the musical and cultural folks of the city together to work towards a greater good.
“Eyewood and Philophobia Music coming together to dedicate the next Vinyl Revival to Long Division is not just a wonderfully kind thing, but the day also promises to bring those same people together with that other key Long Division group - hardcore music fans, especially who can't resist the beauty of music on vinyl. It's going to be a really fun day and I can't wait.”
The line up on Sunday includes music from Leeds based Fur Blend, live spoken work from A Firm of Poets, who are briefly interrupting their national tour to participate, and new DJ partnership The Grooming Room.
There will also be a fundraising auction. Vinyl Revival opens at Unity Works on Westgate on Sunday, November 8 from 11am until 5pm. All ages are welcome.
jfields$ lein new ws-intro Created new project in: /Users/jfields/src/ws-intro Look over project.clj and start coding in ws_intro/core.clj
(defproject ws-intro "1.0.0-SNAPSHOT" :description "FIXME: write description" :dependencies [[org.clojure/clojure "1.3.0"] [org.webbitserver/webbit "0.4.3"] [org.clojure/data.json "0.1.2"]])
-rw-r--r-- 1 jfields domain.users 3390414 Feb 20 15:25 clojure-1.3.0.jar -rw-r--r-- 1 jfields domain.users 5177 Feb 20 15:25 data.json-0.1.2.jar -rw-r--r-- 1 jfields domain.users 801614 Feb 20 15:25 netty-3.2.7.Final.jar -rw-r--r-- 1 jfields domain.users 154735 Feb 20 15:25 webbit-0.4.3.jar
(ns ws-intro.core (:require [clojure.data.json :as json] [clojure.string :as s]) (:import [org.webbitserver WebServer WebServers WebSocketHandler] [org.webbitserver.handler StaticFileHandler])) (defn -main [] (doto (WebServers/createWebServer 8080) (.add "/websocket" (proxy [WebSocketHandler] [] (onOpen [c] (println "opened" c)) (onClose [c] (println "closed" c)) (onMessage [c j] (println c j)))) (.add (StaticFileHandler. ".")) (.start)))
(defproject ws-intro "1.0.0-SNAPSHOT" :main ws-intro.core :description "FIXME: write description" :dependencies [[org.clojure/clojure "1.3.0"] [org.webbitserver/webbit "0.4.3"] [org.clojure/data.json "0.1.2"]])
<html> <body> <h1>WebSocket Demo</h1> <input id="message" type="text"/> <section id="content"></section> <script src="http://www.google.com/jsapi"></script> <script>google.load("jquery", "1.3")</script> <script src="http://jquery-json.googlecode.com/files/jquery.json-2.2.min.js"> </script> <script src="http://jquery-websocket.googlecode.com/files/jquery.websocket-0.0.1.js"> </script> <script> var ws = $.websocket("ws://127.0.0.1:8080/websocket", { events: { upcased: function(e) { $("#content").html(e.message); }}}); $('#message').change(function(){ ws.send('message', {type: "downcase", message: $("#message").val()});}); </script> </body> </html>
Is your page not loading? =(
What URL did you use? I've been told http://localhost:8080/ doesn't work as well as http://127.0.0.1:8080/
What browser did you use? Everything works for me in Chrome (version 17.0.963.56)
opened #<NettyWebSocketConnection webbit.netty.NettyWebSocketConnection@8c5488>
#<NettyWebSocketConnection webbit.netty.NettyWebSocketConnection@8c5488> {"type":"message","data":{"type":"downcase","message":"hello"}}
(ns ws-intro.core (:require [clojure.data.json :as json] [clojure.string :as s]) (:import [org.webbitserver WebServer WebServers WebSocketHandler] [org.webbitserver.handler StaticFileHandler])) (defn on-message [connection json-message] (let [message (-> json-message json/read-json (get-in [:data :message]))] (.send connection (json/json-str {:type "upcased" :message (s/upper-case message) })))) (defn -main [] (doto (WebServers/createWebServer 8080) (.add "/websocket" (proxy [WebSocketHandler] [] (onOpen [c] (println "opened" c)) (onClose [c] (println "closed" c)) (onMessage [c j] (on-message c j)))) (.add (StaticFileHandler. ".")) (.start)))
:type "upcased"
events
upcased
by Robert Devet
Jean Coleman, executive director of the Nova Scotia Association for Community Living, believes that new Community Services rules to qualify for discretionary grants are unworkable. Photo Robert Devet.
KJIPUKTUK, (HALIFAX) - It was never entirely clear why earlier this year the Department of Community Services chose to cut discretionary grants to a variety of organizations that work of behalf of vulnerable Nova Scotians.
Groups like the Nova Scotia chapter of the Canadian Mental Health Association, the Canadian National Institute for the Blind, the Metro Food Bank, the Nova Scotia Association for Community Living and People First were all affected.
Through Freedom of Information request the Halifax Media Co-op has now received information that sheds some light on the Department's reasoning.
What we uncovered doesn't bode well for organizations that help people struggling with poverty,mental health issues and/or disabilities.
Some of the conditions organizations need to meet to qualify for government support are simply not realistic, community advocates tell the Halifax Media Co-op.
And never having been informed by Community Services about those standards doesn't help, they say.
Most information that we received through the Freedom of Information request is so heavily redacted, that it is meaningless. But a PowerPoint presentation to senior management dated February of this year contains actual requirements.
Some conditions are rather straightforward.
In order to qualify for funding you have to be a Registered Canadian Charity, or registered at the Registry of Joint Stocks. You have to have a full time Director or Coordinator. You have to operate in Nova Scotia. The list goes on.
Other conditions, in particular the need to be outcome focused and to measure and report the impact of Community Services dollars, may sound simple but present huge hurdles.
“We make a difference in people's lives. But to quantify (that difference) is very difficult,” says Jean Coleman, executive director of the Nova Scotia Association for Community Living (NSACL).
“How do you measure someone who is in crisis for whatever reason,” Coleman wonders.
Coleman's organization supports people labeled with intellectual disabilities and their care givers. Some of its programs are well defined in terms of scope and targets. But much of the help it provides is ad hoc, and highly individualized.
Now the group faces a $24,000 annual cut to an original $79,000 grant. That's a 30 percent cut to its entire yearly operating budget.
Stella Samuels is a NSACL staff person who frequently provides hands-on support to the people who, often at the end of their tether, come looking for help.
“It is so varied, it's so broad, it has to do with housing, it has to do with food security, it has to do with income assistance,” Samuels tells the Halifax Media Co-op. “We make sure that school boards follow their human rights policies, we help people manage their healthcare needs.”
“We often help people transition from one life stage to another,” she says. “Leaving high school and figuring out what to do in adulthood. I have several families where the parents are dying and they need to make sure that their sons and daughters have security for the rest of their lives. We help people through their entire lifespan,” Samuels says.
Much of what organizations such as the NSACL do is difficult to fit into a neat monthly report to Community Services. But what bothers Coleman even more is that the department never told the group that these were the standards they should meet.
“We (recently) had a meeting of some other groups that have received cuts,” says Coleman. “We all received phone calls on the same day, and all with the same message, that we don't follow the roadmap, and by the way, you've lost your funding.”
“We're helping a young man who is working in the community but he has no place to stay and he has no money for food. And he has just begun. How can you work when you don't have a place to lay your head?,” Coleman asks.
“When you are dealing with human lives, there is no tick off box,” Coleman says. “The most vulnerable people in Nova Scotia are going to be harmed by this (cut).”
And the presentation suggests that there may be more cuts to come.
All service provider agreements and grant funding to external organizations are under the microscope. The Discretionary Grants program is simply the first to undergo review and redesign, the presentation states.
Follow Robert Devet on Twitter @DevetRobert
Pres­id­ent Obama met with hand-picked law­makers at the White House on Thursday to dis­cuss the Na­tion­al Se­cur­ity Agency's con­tro­ver­sial spy­ing pro­grams, the main event of a week full of meet­ings at the White House fo­cus­ing on po­ten­tial re­forms for the ma­ligned fed­er­al agency.
The gath­er­ing in the Roosevelt Room oc­curred ahead of Obama's planned an­nounce­ment of pos­sible NSA re­forms the ad­min­is­tra­tion hopes to push out be­fore his State of the Uni­on ad­dress at the end of the month. It in­cluded top de­fend­ers of NSA sur­veil­lance, such as Sen. Di­anne Fein­stein, D-Cal­if., as well as loud crit­ics, such as Rep. Jim Sensen­bren­ner, R-Wis.
At least some of the law­makers left the meet­ing un­con­vinced that the pres­id­ent is go­ing to do enough to cur­tail the NSA's activ­it­ies. House Ju­di­ciary Com­mit­tee Chair­man Bob Good­latte, R-Va., said “it's in­creas­ingly clear that we need to take le­gis­lat­ive ac­tion to re­form” the NSA's in­tel­li­gence gath­er­ing.
“If the pres­id­ent be­lieves we need a bulk col­lec­tion pro­gram of tele­phone data, then he needs to break his si­lence and clearly ex­plain to the Amer­ic­an people why it is needed for our na­tion­al se­cur­ity,” Good­latte said in a state­ment. “Amer­ic­ans' civil liber­ties are at stake in this de­bate.”
Sensen­bren­ner, whose Free­dom Act would rein in the NSA's do­mest­ic-sur­veil­lance powers, was even harsh­er.
“All three branches of gov­ern­ment have said the NSA has gone too far,” said Sensen­bren­ner, who also au­thored the post-9/11 Pat­ri­ot Act, from which the NSA de­rives much of its leg­al jus­ti­fic­a­tion for its data grabs. “Even Pres­id­ent Obama's hand-picked pan­el agrees that bulk col­lec­tion by the NSA has come at a high cost to pri­vacy without im­prov­ing na­tion­al se­cur­ity. This prob­lem can­not be solved by pres­id­en­tial fi­at.”
Obama's aides have re­peatedly said he is weigh­ing in­put from sev­er­al dif­fer­ent sources — in­clud­ing 46 re­com­mend­a­tions from his sur­veil­lance-re­view task force — and is still in the pro­cess of de­term­in­ing how to best al­ter the NSA's data-col­lec­tion prac­tices without lim­it­ing their abil­ity to pro­tect na­tion­al se­cur­ity. What re­mains un­clear is wheth­er Obama con­vened Thursday's meet­ing to so­li­cit more opin­ion from con­gres­sion­al lead­ers on the top­ic or to try to forge a co­ali­tion of sup­port for a pack­age of re­forms puts on the table.
White House press sec­ret­ary Jay Car­ney told re­port­ers Wed­nes­day that Obama “wants to hear from [the law­makers] to dis­cuss with them the status of his re­view, which is on­go­ing.” Car­ney ad­ded that Obama is “at that stage still where he's listen­ing and dis­cuss­ing with a vari­ety of stake­hold­ers [on] these is­sues.”
Thursday's huddle with 16 law­makers from both cham­bers fol­lowed oth­ers at the White House earli­er in the week with con­gres­sion­al in­tel­li­gence staffers, some tech groups, and the Pri­vacy and Civil Liber­ties Over­sight Board.
Pri­vacy ad­voc­ates largely re­main skep­tic­al that any ac­tions Obama pro­poses will go far enough in en­sur­ing the NSA is free from po­ten­tial ab­uses, a view­point that many mem­bers of Con­gress share.
Obama sug­ges­ted at his year-end press con­fer­ence last month that some re­forms, par­tic­u­larly re­gard­ing trans­par­ency, needed to be made to re­store pub­lic con­fid­ence in the NSA, but stopped short of em­bra­cing any block­buster changes even after a D.C. Dis­trict Court judge de­rided the agency's bulk data col­lec­tion as “al­most Or­wellian” and prob­ably un­con­sti­tu­tion­al. Obama's pub­lic pos­tur­ing on NSA sur­veil­lance has re­mained vir­tu­ally un­changed since former agency con­tract­or Ed­ward Snowden began leak­ing doc­u­ments about the scope of the pro­grams last June.
Also on Thursday, House In­tel­li­gence Com­mit­tee Chair­man Mike Ro­gers and rank­ing mem­ber Dutch Rup­pers­ber­ger, vo­cal back­ers of the NSA pro­grams, is­sued a state­ment cit­ing a new, top-secret Pentagon re­port pur­portedly re­veal­ing that Snowden's leaks may “gravely im­pact” na­tion­al se­cur­ity. The re­port also finds that Snowden down­loaded about 1.7 mil­lion in­tel­li­gence files.
“This re­port con­firms my greatest fears — Snowden's real acts of be­tray­al place Amer­ica's mil­it­ary men and wo­men at great­er risk,” Ro­gers said in the state­ment. “Snowden's ac­tions are likely to have leth­al con­sequences for our troops in the field.”
Ro­gers at­ten­ded Thursday's meet­ing at the White House. Rup­pers­ber­ger, while in­vited, was un­able to at­tend.
An­oth­er meet­ing between White House coun­sel and civil-so­ci­ety or­gan­iz­a­tions was sched­uled for Thursday af­ter­noon. Some tech com­pan­ies are be­lieved to be meet­ing on Fri­day as well.
Photo Mark Stosberg @ flickr
The Dutch are the original designers of the "bakfiets" cargo bikes - though the Danish have a long legacy of their own with the "Long John" variety of cargo bikes. When you cruise the streets of either Copenhagen or Amsterdam you'll see lots of imaginative examples of everything from babies to plants to bags of flour carried around.
Cargo bike is made in the U.S.A.
Now a Portland, Oregon (of course!) bike shop called Metrofiets has started building their custom-made version of the "bakfiets" cargo bikes for between $2,700 and $3,200. Yes that price is high (and the bike takes six weeks to build) - enough to make your heart quiver at the thought of spending that much in a recessionary economy on a BIKE! But Metrofiets is comparable with an imported Dutch bakfiets. And what makes Metrofiets unique?Except for Japanese Shimano components, the bike is not only made in the U.S. but also from U.S.-sourced components, and according to Metrofiets designers, as locally as possible from Portland and the Pacific Northwest.
The Metrofiets design also has a larger front wheel than a classic bakfiets, and the wooden cargo box is detachable (though for weaklings like me detaching it would probably not be feasible). Possibly on the downside, the Metrofiets cargo box does not have the fold-down seats of some bakfiets' designs. It also doesn't have a cargo box cover for Portland's famous frequent drizzle - bakfiets has one here.
Metrofiets is not the first U.S.-constructed cargo bike, according to a commenter at the Oregon Manifest bike show. Jan VanderTuin has been custom building cargo bikes in Eugene, Oregon for years. His Long Haul, priced at around $2,600, comes with either a fiberglass box, or an aluminum frame, or a wood and aluminum cargo box. Via ::PortlandBike.org
Read more
Five Cool Cargo Bikes and the Return of the Long John
Finding a Perfect Tike Bike
Bikes Faster Than Subway or Car, Seven Years Running
Building a Better World, One Delivery at a Time
The first flurries of violence, by all accounts, occurred about midway through the match between the historical rivals El Masry of Port Said and Al Ahly of Cairo. The visiting Ahly fans displayed a sign questioning the virility of Port Said fans, and the game was halted temporarily because of scuffles in the stands.
After El Masry came from behind to win in a 3-1 upset, its fans stormed the field, chasing Al Ahly's players back to their locker room and attacking its fans with knives, clubs and stones. The police around the stadium appeared unable or unwilling to control the violence, and video footage showed officers standing idle as the melee exploded.
Mohammed Abu Trika, a star player with Al Ahly, said that the police had done nothing. “People here are dying, and no one is doing a thing. It's like a war,” he said in an interview on Al Ahly's satellite channel. “Is life this cheap?”
Soon locker rooms had transformed into makeshift field hospitals. Bloody bodies littered the field. Health Ministry officials said that some people had died of knife wounds and many of blows to the head. Some were thrown down from high in the stands. Others were trampled by stampeding fans rushing to escape.
Photo
An official of the Port Said morgue said at least a few of those killed were members of the security forces, The Associated Press reported.
Egypt's military rulers sent helicopters and military vehicles to Port Said to carry the Ahly players and fans, the injured and the dead back to Cairo. Other soldiers and tanks were deployed around the city to help keep the peace.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In a rare impromptu statement, Egypt's top military officer, Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi, vowed in a phone call to Al Ahly's satellite channel that the military would apprehend those responsible and that the victims would be compensated.
“We will get through this stage. Egypt will be stable,” he said. “We have a road map to transfer power to elected civilians. If anyone is plotting instability in Egypt, they will not succeed. Everyone will get what they deserve.”
Others sought to associate the rioting fans with political protests in the streets. “This is a plot to topple the state,” said Kamel Abu Ali, president of the Masry club, who resigned over the deaths. “The police have to come back strongly, and we must let them do their job,” he continued, in a television interview. “When a thug is being punished, we shouldn't defend him.”
Photo
The bloodshed was believed to be the deadliest soccer match since 1996, when 78 people died in a stampede after a match in Guatemala City.
In Cairo, the die-hard fans of the capital's Zamalek club, usually archrivals of Al Ahly, abandoned a match in midgame in solidarity with the team, burning their signs as they usually do at the end. The match was called off, and by the end of the night, the league had suspended its schedule.
Apolitical before last year's uprising, the fans, or ultras, were known for their rowdy behavior, obscene chants and apparently endless enthusiasm for clashes with the often-brutal Egyptian police.
The ultras joined the revolt against Mr. Mubarak on the first day of protests, taunting and harassing the police as they tried to crack down on thousands of other marchers heading for Cairo's Tahrir Square. Protest organizers said that they had played a more central role in the “battle of the camels,” helping to beat back mobs of Mubarak supporters in a daylong battle of rocks and gasoline bombs. Thursday is the anniversary of that event, a turning point in the Egyptian revolt.
By 2 a.m. Thursday, a new wave of protests had begun, blaming the military-led government for allowing the deaths of the fans. There were reports of marchers' making their way through Port Said and chanting for the fall of the military council and clashes with police officers firing tear gas in the city of Suez.
In Cairo, demonstrators against military rule who had been camped out by the state television building moved their vigil to the Ahly headquarters. Then they marched to the train station, where hundreds were gathering to receive returning survivors.
Two days ago, a former T-ara staff member revealed text messages and information about the past bullying scandal involving T-ara and Ryu Hwayoung.
All eyes are on Ryu Hwayoung as she updates her Instagram account for the first time after the controversy.
The post shows a cake with candles. She also wrote, “Cake that Soo Ah's mother made.” She included hashtags that said thank you, let's not get sick and be healthy in the new year. It appears as though she was celebrating the first full moon of the lunar new year with others.
Previously, Ryu Hwayoung and her twin sister Ryu Hyoyoung appeared on tvN's “Taxi.” Following their appearance on the show talking about the past bullying scandal, reports came out alleging what really happened at the time. Former T-ara member Ahreum responded to the reports and later clarified what she meant. T-ara's former manager has also spoken up about the issue.
Source (1)
DeToNator rebuild Korean roster after failure to qualify for the Pacific Championship
DeToNator.KOREA, the Korean Overwatch roster fielded by Japanese oganisation DeToNator, have undergone several changes following their failure to qualify for the Pacific Championship where they finished third in the Season 2 Qualifier.
Expectations were generally high for the Korean team in the qualifier, so many were shocked when Japanese team Libalent Supreme eliminated them in a tense 2-3 lower bracket final. With their goal of participating in the Pacific Championship thwarted, DeToNator have retooled their Korean roster with a focus on participating in future APEX events.
The team will compete in an online qualifier on the 12th August, alongside other Korean hopefuls looking to climb the ladder such as Lunatic-Hai's sister team. Fourteen participants in the online qualifier will then make their way to a further offline event, from which seven teams will earn their place in APEX Challengers Season 5.
Only Beksul, now known as Snow, and Trona, now known as White, remain from the original roster. Players NPamy, Stellar Modern, Insanity and QuadBlitz are the team's new additions. Notably, Modern competed with Flash Lux in APEX Season 3 before leaving the team in the off-season, whilst insanity played on the now disbanded MVP Infinity.'
The DeToNator.KOREA new looks roster is:
KENT, Ohio - Kent State University ranks in the top 10 of Sugar Daddy schools, where students seek older companions to offer financial and material support in exchange for dates and other services.
The university ranks 8th on SeekingArrangement.com's list of "Fastest Growing Sugar Baby Schools."
Kent State had 124 signups to the site in 2016. It ranked third in number of total students signed up for the service, with 1,074, according to the list.
In 2016, more than 1 million students, an 11 percent increase, registered on SeekingArrangement in order to get help with tuition, student loan debt, and other college-related costs, the company said.
A Sugar Baby in a successful arrangement will receive an average of $2,440 per month in allowances and gifts from a Sugar Daddy, the site said. The majority of those who sign up are female.
"Every successful relationship is an arrangement between two parties," Brandon Wade, founder of the website, said in a statement. "In business, partners sign business agreements that outline their objectives and expectations. Likewise, romantic relationships can only work if two people agree on what they expect, and what they can give and receive from each other."
The website has said about 45 percent of its members are college students. It offers a free premium membership upgrade if they register with their college email address (.edu).
The site's Sugar Baby University includes a student debt clock and states that
"students from all backgrounds and income levels are welcome. No minimum GPA required. Join today and get your education paid for by a generous sponsor."
Kent State has annually ranked among the top 10 schools in recent years.
This year the top five are Temple University, New York University, Arizona State University, Georgia State University and Texas State University.
Among the other Ohio colleges, the University of Cincinnati ranked No. 30, Ohio State University No. 49, Ohio University No. 54 and Bowling Green State University No. 63, ohio.com reported.
IP-Watch is a non-profit independent news service and depends on subscriptions. To access all of our content, please subscribe here . You may also offer additional support with your subscription, or donate
European Union trade ministers at an informal meeting in Bratislava, Slovakia today agreed on the final steps to enact CETA, the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement between Canada and the EU. There will be no other reopening of the text, assured EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstroem after the meeting. But ministers have agreed, according to Slovak Minister of Economy Peter Ziga, that some sensitive issues have to be straightened out in an additional annex to the CETA text.
“The EU Commission will prepare a joint declaration on public services, investment protection, the investment protection court system and environmental standards,” Ziga, whose government has the EU presidency, said during the closing press conference. A press release is here.
EU trade ministers have to ink the new annex before the EU-Canada Summit on 27 October. Then the EU Parliament has the last word before CETA can be applied provisionally, maybe as early as spring next year. The provisional implementation, criticised by opponents of the treaty, including politicians in some national governments (for example Germany and Austria), is beyond debate for Malmstroem.
“Ratification in national parliaments,” she said, “can take many years.”
Malmstroem only reluctantly agreed to adopt CETA as a “mixed agreement” opening it up to further scrutiny through national ratification processes. The final word of the European Court of Justice on the Commission's interpretation that it could conclude the trade agreements without national ratification is still out (Avis 2/15).
Both Ziga and Malmstroem underlined today that if the EU were unable to close a deal with Canada, the question would arise as to with whom else they could cut a modern deal.
German Minister of Economy Sigmar Gabriel called CETA “a model agreement” and compared it favourably to the Trans-Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) on which Malmstroem gave an update at the trade ministers meeting.
The US had not been prepared to go the same way towards a balanced agreement, Gabriel said, and added, “We will have to wait and see if a relaunch of the TTIP negotiations is possible.”
While other ministers including those from France and Austria also see TTIP at a halt, Malmstroem rejected that for the time being, underlining that she was prepared to continue negotiations until 19 January. Only after that date, she said, there would be a “natural pause” due to the change of US presidential administrations.
The Trade Commissioner underlined that progress had been made in TTIP negotiations and that “we have to see if we can safeguard that progress.”
Malmstroem also said she still saw a possibility to finalise two other big negotiations this year, the one on the Trade in Services Agreement (TISA) and the Environmental Goods Agreement (EGA).
Opposition Prepares for Campaigning
If the schedule hammered out on CETA holds, it is dependent on how swiftly the new CETA annex can be finalised together with Canada, whose international trade minister, Chrystia Freeland, also attended the Bratislava meeting in an effort to ease next steps.
Opponents in and outside of parliament still hope that the European parliament can step on the brakes. On 27 October, members of the Green, S&D and Left party groups in the Parliament are inviting for a CETA citizens summit.
The German NGO Forum on Environment and Development (FUE) after today's trade minister meeting pointed to the options under the mixed agreement procedure.
“Given the current situation, it is hard to believe such a controversial agreement will make it through all 41 houses of parliament in the EU,” said Nelly Grotefendt of the FUE. Nora Holzman, spokesperson for Greenpeace Austria, said that her organisation will lobby hard for a CETA veto from Austria if the agreement is not changed with regard to public services and special investment jurisdiction.
Your mission, if you choose to accept it, is to make an awesome video on death through the perspective of people who don't believe in heaven, hell, rebirth, resurrection, or the spirit world. People who believe that death is the end of our individual existence, but the collective human species lives on.
If your video entry winds up being the best, you'll receive two general admission tickets ($110 value) to the Mythinformation Conference IV on September 30th in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. This will be one of the biggest free thinking events in the world. We're talking A-list speakers, special guests, and the premier of the highly-anticipated movie Batman vs. Jesus.
You have full creative rights over the name, content, and delivery. The following is something I wrote about the subject a few years back. You have full copyright privileges to use all of it, part of it, or none of it, or make any changes you like.
Sample Death Script for the Video:
An eternity existed before I was born and an eternity will exist after I die. Life is but a short distance of the needle hitting the vinyl on a never-ending record. Everything that makes up our identity is in the physical brain. Our personality, sense of humor, mannerisms, memories, mood, cognitive ability and all our mental strengths and weaknesses are not eternal. Physical trauma and chemical imbalances within our skull can change us. There is no rational reason to believe that we exist after our physical brain shuts down.
The thought of immortality is seductive. The ability to view the world 100 and 1,000 years from now is desirable. Wouldn't it be nice and comforting to believe that our lost loved ones will someday be reunited? These dreams only exist for those who can believe based on convenience, desire, fear and super-naturalism. Other people like me are not capable of such faith. Our beliefs are built on reality as in what we know to be tangible. We keep our knowledge of the natural world and our beliefs closely aligned. We don't allow our faith to linger in fantasy. Rationality has overcome the survival instinct.
We are all human beings on this earth for a short period of time. No one is deserving of worship and no one is deserving of oppression. Six feet of earth make all people equal. At the end of the game, the king and the pawn go back into the same box. Death is the great equalizer of mankind. The grim reaper doesn't care about status or celebrity. Against this foe there is no ultimate victory.
Everyone we know will die soon. Even a child who will live to be a hundred has very little time when compared to the history of human existence. So many lives have gone before us along with their stories. Every day there is a song that is played for the last time. We see people in old pictures that no longer have a name. Countless tombstones exist that are no longer visited. Soon enough we will join the rotting corpses, skeletons and ashes.
Death is to be lamented, but it shouldn't be feared. "Death does not concern us, because as long as we exist, death is not here. And when it does come, we no longer exist." -- Epicurus (341-271 B.C.) Fright should be reserved for what is in our control. Fight or flight response, food and shelter are ways to keep breathing. The inevitable end of our story is beyond our means. While we live, honesty and courage are the highest virtues. As we live, it is better to live without fear, even at the risk of confronting evil head on and dying just a little bit sooner.
Fools say there must be eternal reward and punishment for mankind to behave. History does not agree. Children need adult supervision, but when we grow up typically this oversight is no longer necessary. The adults supervise the children and are supervised themselves by the laws of their society. There is no higher authority than this. The laws are established by mankind. The laws are enforced by mankind. The laws are improved as a civilization advances. Laws can oppress rather than protect if a civilization morally degenerates.
Fools say that our lives are insignificant, but this is not true. We may just be smart primates on a planet that isn't very special, but we still matter very much. To say that we are insignificant because we are temporary is to say that we are no less significant than the stars and the galaxies for they are temporary. To say they are insignificant because our time is so small compared to eternity is to say that the future is more important than the present, but it is not. The present is no more insignificant than the past. The present is no more insignificant than the future.
This is our time on this world right now. We are not dead yet. We have this day and all that it brings. We represent ourselves and our generation to other human beings. The joy, the sadness, the pleasure, the pain are all to be embraced as part of life. We should be thankful for the day. We should conduct our self in a manner that makes us proud. We should be proud and thankful for the day just as we should be proud and thankful for our lives. I plan on being thankful and proud of the life that I have lived when I die. In the grand scheme of the universe, my last thoughts may matter little, but they matter to me. I will conduct my life in such a way, to the best of my ability that ensures my last wish. A wonderful life filled with gratefulness, purpose, contribution and integrity.
End
If interested, please leave a comment on this video or email me at jameskirkwall@yahoo.com.
Video must be posted on YouTube and be submitted by April 15th. Every entry will be mentioned in a following blog. The winner will be announced on April 16th.
More information about Mythinformation IV hosted by Mythicist Milwaukee can be found at http://www.mythicistmilwaukee.com/mythconoverview/
Good Luck!
-James Kirk Wall
Please like my Facebook page at:
Secular Philosophy Trumps Theocracy
And my YouTube page at:
Secular Philosophy Trumps Theocracy
To subscribe to this author, type your email address in the box and click the "create subscription" button. This list is completely spam free, and you can opt out at any time.
var _gaq = _gaq || []; _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-29068020-1']); _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
(function() { var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true; ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js'; var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s); })();
WASHINGTON -- Last Friday, as guests of the Trump family, my wife, Jeanne, and I braved inclement weather to attend President Donald Trump's inauguration. By now you know it was a typical Trumpian ceremony. It was peaceful, elegant, momentous and frightening. At least the protesters were frightened. What they were frightened about is a bit unclear, but many of them were certainly alarmed.
Last week, I wrote that today's protesters seem confused, disoriented, shabbily dressed and famished. My guess is that if the polizia had opened a soup kitchen, that would have distracted many of the demonstrators from their protest. I would suggest making available Kentucky Fried Chicken, or the fruits of McDonald's and plenty of dessert. But apparently, that would have distracted only the clinically disturbed, a significant minority but a minority nonetheless.
We saw others as we left the inauguration. Many, according to reports, carried hammers and crowbars. They were well-fed and often wore black, as did Mussolini's bully boys some years ago. I suppose these were the troglodytes who had answered advertisements promising $2,000 to $2,500 for participating in protests. The cops handled them admirably with water cannons and pepper spray and other instruments of crowd control. Many of the thugs were arrested and now face felony charges -- not misdemeanor charges, felony charges. Perhaps during their interrogation they will be asked who offered them the loot. The estimates that I have seen claim that over 230 are facing up to 10 years in the can for their violence. Could George Soros have been their benefactor?
The rest of Friday's demonstrators were pretty well-mannered, and so were many of the women and mama's boys who participated in Saturday's Women's March on Washington. They were mostly peaceful, as they should have been given their meditations on the gals' vaginas. Many of the gals wore what looked like handwoven pink stocking caps. They called them "p---- hats." I suppose the men in the march could have worn "penis hats" complete with testicles, though that might have infuriated the women who seem to believe that what resides between their legs is sacred real estate. This mama's boys would not want to be accused of violating the women's space.
These women are still outraged by Trump's surreptitiously taped -- and possibly illegally broadcast -- private remarks years ago to someone called Billy Bush. He said that by virtue of his celebrity, he could grab any woman by the puppy. Actually, he said something more vulgar, but the prudish Washington Post transcribed it as "p---y." I, the Victorian gent that I am, assume the original word was "puppy." By the way, I think it is preposterous to believe that Trump was serious when he told Bush he could grab any woman's puppy. Trump is an animal lover and moreover a self-proclaimed germophobe. Touching a woman's puppy is not sanitary.
The women in the hats, carrying their unspeakably coarse signs, they went well beyond anything Trump has been alleged to say; they were over the top. But the mama's boys with them were quite beyond anything I have ever seen in the pathetic street protester. I heard rumors that some were caught crying Friday, so I conferred with a highly trained journalist on Saturday after he had surveyed the crowd. He is Freddy Gray, a seasoned student of bizarre phenomena and deputy editor of London's The Spectator. On Friday and Saturday, he reconnoitered the crowd assiduously and quite bravely. The women did indeed wear their p---- hats. Yet the mama's boys were even more egregious. They cried. They cried in public, cried about the election, cried about President Donald Trump and cried about the police. Some, if Freddy is to be believed, cried on his shoulder. More than one sniffled to him, saying: "Police are meant to be on our side! We are the masters. They are the servants." I hope the cops charged at least some of these sissies with misdemeanors.
We hear from the American press that the supporters of Trump are prone to violence. Yet no violence was demonstrated by the pro-Trump crowd, except by me. I elbowed a couple of guys who attempted to prevent my daughter and me from entering the Liberty Ball. I did not stop to see whether they cried.
Study after study shows that Americans are not saving for retirement like they should, and a new survey finds that nearly one third of people who have some sort of savings plans have amassed less than $1,000 for retirement.
The survey titled “Preparing for Retirement in America,” by Employee Benefit Research Institute (EBRI) and Greenwald and Associates, finds that only 65 percent of workers have any savings for retirement, a number that fell below the 75 percent figure from 2009.
But 28 percent of workers report that they have saved less than $1,000 for retirement, and almost 6 in 10 Americans say that their financial planning needs improvement.
Additionally, 34 percent say they have made no effort at all to saving anything or make a retirement plan. Still, most say that they intend to start saving at some point.
But intentions may not be enough. “Intending one thing and doing another is human, but it's an impulse we should all fight hard to resist,” Rebekah Barsch, vice president of planning and sales at Northwestern Mutual, said in a press statement. “Intentions only get us so far. And when the stakes are high, it's taking action that's critical.”
Many say that the average person needs to save one million dollars for retirement, but a recent piece by David Marotta, president of Marotta Wealth Management in Charlottesville, VA, noted that a 20-year-old in 2015 may have to amass up to $7 million to retire comfortably.
“Someone retiring now in 2014 with $1 million at age 65 can safely withdraw $43,600 a year,” Marotta wrote last May. “However, [because of inflation], today's 20-year-olds will need over $7 million to have that same lifestyle when they retire. In 1970, they would only have needed $166,000 in retirement to have a similar purchasing power for the rest of their life.”
Many Americans save for retirement using the 401K plans provided through their employer, but according to the federal government, around 50 million Americans don't have the ability to enroll in such a savings plan.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
Well, to say that I'm living up to my reputation today is an understatement. I'd like to share with you 9 tracks from the new Guns N' Roses album, Chinese Democracy. These are mastered, finished versions that you probably haven't heard. I always said that the more that Axl and Geffen jerked around trying to figure out how to release this finally finished album that we've all been waiting over 13 years for, the greater the chances would be that it would slip out of a pressing plant or office somewhere and wind up in the hands of some asshole with a blog. So… Hey, I told you so.
THE PLAYER HAS BEEN AT LEAST TEMPORARILY REMOVED, BECAUSE IT BASICALLY BROKE THE ENTIRE INTERNET. ALSO, WE GOT A CALL FROM GUNS N' ROSES. STAY TUNED.
I'll let you all decide for yourselves, but if you ask me, Guns N' Roses are fucking back, and they'll be just fine.
Introduction: Welcome to Romance.ucam.org, a free chat and romance site set up specifically for members of Cambridge University. It's philanthropic: we do this purely for the satisfaction of making people happy, and we are delighted when we succeed. Of course, there is no charge, no 'data-mining', no advertising, no 'premium features', and we respect your privacy. To see what we have to offer, please take a look at some of the profiles, browse the menu on the left-hand side, and sign up below. Enjoy! We're serious about doing the right and ethical thing, to act in the best interests of our members. For full details, please read the help text. Your questions and suggestions are always welcome.
We do not consider our membership to be an advertising demographic!
Join us, for free: Not a member yet? Registration is simple and free:
This will be your username on Romance.ucam.org. Your nickname is the name that other members of the site will see and used to identify you: once chosen your nickname cannot be changed.
We recommend that you choose a pseudonym (or your firstname), but not your full real name.
Please avoid names which other members might find offensive. Nickname:
Please give your university email address. Please give a full email address at which you can be contacted. This e-mail address will not be disclosed to other members.
You must be a member of Cambridge University to join, so we ask you to use your email address that ends in '@cam.ac.uk'. Email: I have read and accept the terms and conditions. Obligatory Legal bit:
Please do actually read these; they're quite short and friendly! -- Female Male Other Unspecified Everyone is welcome here. If the heteronormative default is inappropriate for you, please choose the nearest match, then elaborate within your profile.
[This is too complex for a tooltip: please see the FAQ on 'signing up'.] I am: If you need help, please contact us.
Successes: Thank you for this lovely site! Rachel x. N says: "Well it's been over a month now and J and I still seem to fancy each other lots, so it must be good. Here's hoping. Thanks (and then some), n" This is one of the many happy outcomes to which we have contributed. :-)
This is selected, at random, from the testimonials page, and quoted verbatim.
News and updates: 16th February: Welcome to our New Members! 25th February 2018: DNS change: unfortunately, we received an upstream change to DNS as a result of the Retrosnub:Mythic migration; this may have resulted in some of you receiving SSL errors. This his fixed now - many apologies for the inconvenience. 4th February 2018: We'd like to welcome a new member of the RUO team: We'd like to welcome a new member of the RUO team: Parvati , who has lots of exciting new ideas! 4th October 2016: See you at the Societies' Fair on Tuesday / Wednesday! We have 20 kg of chocolate and a lot of roses to give away... 3rd October 2016: Welcome to a new term! And, to our new members, a particularly warm welcome: we hope we help you find love :-) If you would like to get involved with the society, and with running events, please contact
As it's the start of a new year, it may take a short time to get going: in particular, if you are a new member, please do take a moment to write a little about yourself... otherwise everyone waits for everyone else to make the first move! Welcome to a new term! And, to our, a particularly warm welcome: we hope we help you find love :-) If you would like to get involved with the society, and with running events, please contact Cupid 18th February 2016: Speed Dating was great fun on 17th at Hidden Rooms: 61 mutual matches! And we raised £150 for CUAI too. more... 18th October 2015: Speed dating was a great success: we had 44 guests, resulting in 49 mutual matches. The event raised £134 for charity. 12th March 2015: We really need a volunteer to help run Romance.ucam.org. Please will someone step forward to do (at least) the role of membership and publicity? Cupid needs your help: he simply cannot do this alone any more. There is quite a large budget available, whether you wish to spend it on marketing, or as payment for your time. If not you, then who? 1st January 2015: Happy New Year! We hope that you find love in 2015, and we'll do our best to help! 19th November 2014: Speed dating went excellently. 94 mutual matches, and £230 for RAG :-). 21st October 2014: Last night's speed dating was great fun! There were 247 matches, and 53 mutual matches in total, and we raised over £200 for RAG charities. 5th June 2014: We are already doing
We are already doing our part (HTTPS, HSTS, PFS) to protect your privacy; may we also recommend the Reset The Net campaign. 12th May 2014: We have just received a (significant) amount of sponsorship. So, we'd like to recruit a membership, publicity and marketing cherub to the RUO committee. The funding is sufficient to cover design and distribution of posters/flyers etc and any more i m a g i n a t i v e ideas that occur to you. There is also some funding to cover your time . If you're interested, please contact Cupid. 10th February 2014: What are you thinking? We aren't telepathic, but we still want to know! Please participate in this group box of chocolate will be awarded for the most helpful comment!
(Private feedback to Cupid is also welcome.) What are you thinking? We aren't telepathic, but we still want to know! Please participate in this group discussion and give us your ideas and requests... awill be awarded for the most helpful comment! 3rd February 2014: Speed Dating tonight was great fun - 36 new matches, and over £250 raised for Cambridge RAG. Booking for the next one will open soon. 7th November 2013: Speed Dating with RAG yesterday was a great success. 158 mutual matches, across 79 people, and we raised £414 for charity. 18th March 2013: We'd like your assistance in forming a group of college and department representatives, who can tell people about our events and do poster distribution. If you can assist, please tick the "I am willing" box We'd like yourin forming a group of college and department representatives, who can tell people about our events and do poster distribution. If you can assist, please tick the "I am willing" box here . Thank you :-) 23rd May 2012: Cupid needs your help... who would like to run Romance.ucam.org next year? If this could be you, please be in touch. This is about running the society, rather than the platform, so technical expertise isn't necessary (though software contributions would also be welcome.) 1st May 2012: Older news:
18 Feb 2013: Many congratulations to Northern Girl and Tall Matt on their Wedding! Heather writes: "I just wanted to let you know that thanks to Graduate Romance, I am now happily married!
24 May 2012: Congratulations to Wayland Smithy and Mélomane. They married in 2010, and just announced their (and our) first baby!
22 July 2011: Multiple congratulations are due... Tabitha and J@m3s, Eliie and her fiancé, and James and Hannah are all now engaged to be married! For the full story, see the testimonials page, which has been updated with the latest news: 11 weddings so far :-) 19 January 2011: Many Congratulations to [redacted] and [redacted] on their engagement. They're too shy to say who they are :-) 26 Sept 2010: Many congratulations to David and Natalie, who are getting married next July!
29 Sept 2005: Congratulations to Stefan and SweetHeart on their engagement! They write: "We met on Romance.org in May 2004 and quickly came inseparable. Since then things have just got better and better and we are now engaged. We just wanted to say thank you, as without you, or the site we would probably never have met!"
31 July 2004: *Snuggles* & Beatnik Fly are now engaged! Good luck to you both :-)
10 May 2004: Congratulations to "Hockey Boy" and "Dr Shell" on their engagement! "Hockey Boy" writes: I first logged onto Warwick Romance for a bit of a laugh. Instead I've ended up meeting a beautiful woman who I am lucky enough to be marrying in 2006. Thank You WR!
7 April 2004: Congratulations to Emma and Joe, who met on OxfordRomance, and are now married! The Wedding Photos are here. Older news:
Ever wonder what dinner would look like if bees – one of nature's most miraculous and necessary insects – became extinct due to mankind's unsustainable habits?
To inspire more people to take seriously the concern of colony collapse, as well as get involved in the co-creation of their own future, Whole Foods asked this question and partnered with the Xerces Society to produce the shocking visual below.
This is what supermarkets might look like in the future if bees are allowed to die out:
To highlight the importance of bees, the University Heights, Rhode Island store removed all foods that are reliant upon the important pollinators. 52% of the produce department's offerings would be pulled from shelves if the bumbling insects disappeared… leaving little to get excited about.
Bees are responsible for pollinating a number of plants which often make their way to the dinner table. So if they were to go extinct (due to a number of suspected reasons), it's quite accurate to say Earth's menu would change dramatically as well.
Without bees, the following foods would no longer be available: apples, onions, avocados, carrots, mangoes, lemons, limes, honeydew, cantaloupe, zucchini, summer squash, eggplant, cucumbers, celery, green onions, cauliflower, leeks, bok choy, kale, broccoli, broccoli rabe and mustard greens.
For the project, only fruits and vegetables were yanked from the shelves, but the scene could be a glimpse at the dismal future of food if more is not done to revive dwindling bee populations.
Whole Foods also launched ‘Share the Buzz', a new program which gives shoppers insight on foods that help foster bees, as well as non-toxic pest tips. You can learn more about that here.
A number of videos have also been produced and released by the company sharing how boring culinary creations will become without pollinators:
Share this article to raise awareness, and comment your thoughts below.
This article (This Is What Supermarkets Will Look Like If Bees Disappear… ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and TrueActivist.com
One thing I know for certain is that this year the EU elite will go on forcing the peoples of southern Europe to suffer in the name of the euro. No matter how much the Greeks, Italians, Portuguese, Spanish and French suffer, the elite in Brussels, Frankfurt and Berlin will go on telling them that their industries are failing, their workers are unemployed and their national debt burden continues to grow because they have not yet suffered enough.
Yet we all know suffering will not heal their economies. The only thing that will heal these economies is for them to get out of the economic and monetary union with Germany. Instead, the EU and Berlin will go on demanding the Mediterranean countries impose 'internal devaluation'. Every honest economist identified 'internal devaluation' at the start of the crisis as a reckless, brutal policy and so it has proved to be.
"What is happening across southern Europe is human sacrifice to save the political project of the euro"
What is happening across southern Europe is human sacrifice to save the political project of the euro. Now of course the extra horror of deflation will mean even less investment and even less growth in the eurozone. The European central bank will be powerless to stop it.
There is another crisis, a social and economic crisis, resulting from the unhindered movement of millions of people across borders. In Britain, some opinion polls show that uncontrolled – and by EU rules, uncontrollable – migration is the number one issue among voters. As the UK general election in May approaches, the two big legacy parties, the Conservatives and Labour would rather not debate this. However, UKIP has forced it onto the political agenda.
The political divide in the UK and increasingly in other countries across the EU, is not any longer between left and right. That is yesterday's politics. The political divide now is between those parties across the EU, such as UKIP, who want to restore the common sense of national control of borders and immigration. Our opponents are the undemocratic elites wedded to the 20th century fantasy of a Europe without borders, run by technocrats without elections.
There is another continuing crisis, too; the industrial crisis of jobs and factories shutting down throughout the EU and reopening in the low cost, light regulation economies of Asia and the Americas. Now even China is heading into recession, showing massive spare capacity among the Asian giant's cheap-labour factories.
These three crises are of course all just parts of a single great crisis: the crisis of the loss of democracy. There is a helplessness felt by people across the countries of the EU. The people elect representatives to their national parliaments only to find the representatives cannot control economic or monetary policy. They cannot control immigration, cannot control regulation, nor control the destruction of factories and jobs. This is driven by the ideological demand for economic and monetary union at any cost.
I don't think anyone knows what will happen. I just know that I want our British democracy back. I expect in the coming months to see that more and more people of the great historic nations across the continent will want their own democracies back too.
LaTourette wants to make it easier for those GOP congressmen who are willing to work toward a grand bargain and is leaving Congress to do just that.
He's taking over the Republican Main Street Partnership — the slimmed-down group of congressional GOP centrists — and is going to create a super PAC to serve as a counterbalance to the Club for Growth in House Republican primaries.
Text Size -
+
reset
“When a center-right Republican is in a primary and is being targeted by some group as a RINO, we're going to make sure we have their back,” said LaTourette. “Not just with speeches and press releases but with money.”
LaTourette said his initial goal for the group's super PAC would be to raise $10 million and he had already gotten favorable responses when he brought up his plan with senior House Republicans on committees that make it easy to raise money.
“We're going to hit the road [to raise money] as soon as I'm off this payroll,” he said of his congressional tenure.
As for the NRCC, incoming Chairman Greg Walden (R-Ore.), another Boehner ally who backed the cliff deal, said the group would most likely continue its policy of staying out of contested primaries but did note that the House campaign arm is an “incumbent-driven organization” that wants to ensure its incumbents “are as strong as they can be.”
And by way of subtle warning to his fellow backers of the compromise, Walden said advance preparation was key for any incumbent worried about being primaried.
“The textbook case is Upton,” said Walden, alluding to Rep. Fred Upton (R-Mich.), the center-right chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee who took steps to protect his right flank well before a long-anticipated primary he won easily last year.
On the presidential level, the prolonged and debate-a-week 2012 GOP primary has become central to Republican post-mortems about how Mitt Romney was so soundly defeated.
A session devoted to the primary at Harvard's quadrennial post-election conclave was dominated by grumbles from Romney officials about the multitude of debates.
Stuart Stevens, Romney's top strategist, likened the hyped-up TV forums as something close to “American Idol.”
And Romney's political director, Rich Beeson, said in an interview for POLITICO's ebook on the election that the primary, which stretched until mid-April partly because of the proportional distribution of delegates, cost the Republican nominee precious time in setting up his general election operation.
“It was probably worth 350,000 votes,” said Beeson.
A committee tasked by RNC Chairman Reince Priebus with assessing what went wrong in 2012 and how the GOP can rebound will consider changing the 2016 primary back to a winner-take-all format. But such a proposal is likely to run into serious resistance from RNC members who hail from states whose primaries and caucuses have typically taken place long after the nomination has been decided.
What's more likely, according to one committee member, is an effort to take control of the debates, by which the RNC would have more say over the number and format of the forums.
“[There's a] clear appetite to change the primary debate structure,” said Henry Barbour, a top Priebus ally. “[There were] too many and too much control with the media.”
Union minister Kiren Rijiju condemned the attack on a student from Arunachal Pradesh in Bengaluru on Monday, four days after the matter came to light. Higio Guntey – a fourth semester student of Christ University – alleged that he was beaten up by his landlord who also forced him to lick his shoes for using excessive water.
Rijiju said the Home Ministry would pursue the matter. “When we are talking of safety of Indians abroad such incidents in our country are very saddening,” he told ANI.
The incident, which took place on March 6, came to light on March 9 after Guntey filed a police complaint against the landlord. In his complaint, the 22-year-old student said his landlord, Hemanth Kumar, was in an inebriated state when he barged into his flat and started beating him “without any reason”. Gungtey added that Kumar also made him lick his shoes. “He threatened to take me to police. He hit me continuously, I was bleeding,” he told the police, according to NDTV.
Guntey has alleged that the police were lackadaisical about the case and did not take appropriate action against the accused. Landlord Kumar has been charged for assault and criminal intimidation. He, however, is out on anticipatory bail.
A section of the Northeastern community in Bengaluru dubbed it as a racist attack. The polcie said the accused would face additional charges if such an angle was proved. “If at any point a complaint is registered or we find a racial angle to the incident, a separate case can be registered,” an unidentified police officer told Times Now.
Although the Indian Penal Code currently does not have any dedicated section for racial attacks, cases can be registered under Section 295(A) and Section 153(A) to address such assaults. The President of the Arunachal Pradesh Students' Association told NewsX that the landlord had also assaulted other students from the North-East region in the past.
Used water for just 5 min,apologised to owner for same.He started beating me &humiliated by forcing me to lick his boots: Victim #Bengaluru pic.twitter.com/J0FA09EYgq — ANI (@ANI_news) March 13, 2017
My office pursuing this case. When we are talking of safety of Indians abroad such incidents in our country are very saddening: Kiren Rijiju pic.twitter.com/BYRX1gFNHR — ANI (@ANI_news) March 13, 2017
About half of my 20-year-old daughter's many friends are of the male persuasion. Does she refer to them as men or boys when talking about them in the third person (ie. behind their backs)? The trouble is, they're no longer boys, and to refer to them as such would be as demeaning as it would be inaccurate. But these youngsters with their lanky gaits and fresh-faced grins can't really be called men either: they're not yet blessed with the gravitas or the sheer male experience that would earn them that moniker. So where does that leave these young chaps, in terms of what we should call them? Curiously, it isn't quite the same for girls teetering on the edge of womanhood: girl is generally acceptable — and can even be regarded as quite flattering — for a maiden long past her official passage into adulthood.
Boy officially means “a male child or youth”, according to the Oxford Dictionaries. In plural form it can refer informally to men who mix socially or who belong to a particular group, team, or profession: eg. “he wants to go out with the boys”. “Boy bands” are often just that: ensembles of pre-pubescents with more than just wet dreams who rarely make music together as men. And in days now fairly long gone, boy was sometimes used as an affectionate address for or to a man: “Let me advise you, my dear boy”, or “The old boy has seen better days”. But essentially, the word is reserved for those of pronounced youth or immaturity, before dropped voices and facial hair turn them into their official adult incarnations, ie. men.
In the US, we've found a solution for this ambiguous linguistic interregnum between boy and man: we call these youngsters guys. In fact, guy serves as a suitably vague catch-all to describe not just a male of indeterminate maturity or unspecified age, but also — especially in its plural form — a group of mixed genders and even ages; it's not unusual to have girls or young women included in a group of guys (think the equivalent of the French pronoun for they — ils, which covers either men or men and women), although it is predominantly a male thing. A guy thing. Dude is also gaining ground — and not just in comic screenplays by Judd Apatow or in jocular boy-bonding-speak; that dude with the green hair can apply appropriately if informally to any guy of any age or persuasion.
Brits have an equivalent term, bloke, that's often used to describe those gangly man-boys — and indeed any male past puberty, young or old. But unlike guy, bloke is male-specific: girls aren't ever included in a gathering of blokes, however many pints they can knock back. Other British-English words — now for the most part outdated — for a man of any age are fellow and chap. Lad was a word that covered both boys and youthful males, but unless used poetically (or by a Scotsman), it's more or less gone from our vernacular today.
Juvenile suggests criminality, and youth now carries derogatory if not downright criminal overtones. So those fellows pictured above are probably happy that guys, blokes and dudes are firmly entrenched in our vocabulary, removing the need for us to choose between the men and the boys.
Dedicated to Jake, Flo's favorite guy.
James Forrest's stoppage-time strike took Celtic into the Champions League group stage after a dramatic aggregate win over Shakhter Karagandy.
It took until time added on in the first half for Celtic to reduce the 2-0 first-leg deficit through a superb long-range strike from Kris Commons.
But Georgios Samaras then levelled the tie three minutes after the break.
Both sides struck the crossbar before Anthony Stokes set up Forrest to fire home for a deserved, if nervy, win.
The strike sent a delirious Neil Lennon sprinting along the touchline to join in the celebrations with his players, as Celtic Park erupted in noise in front of a watching Nir Biton, the Israeli star set to join on a four-year deal this week.
"That was the greatest thing I've ever done in football," said Lennon.
"The last three months were in preparation for this. We lost three very important players [Victor Wanyama, Gary Hooper and Kelvin Wilson] and it has been difficult to replace them. Coming from 2-0 down tonight just makes the players all the more remarkable.
"They were wonderful, absolutely wonderful."
Victory took Celtic, who reached the last 16 last season, into the group stages for the second year running and ended the Kazakhstan champions' hopes of being the first side from their country to go beyond the qualifiers.
Lennon had ditched the central defensive pairing of Virgil van Dijk and Steven Mouyokolo that was much criticised in Astana, along with left-back Emilio Izaguirre.
Samaras brought the scores level on aggregate shortly after the break
Mikael Lustig moved inside from right-back to partner Efe Ambrose, with Lennon looking for Adam Matthews and Charlie Mulgrew to add attacking flair from the flanks.
The result was instant pressure on the Shakhter defence and goalkeeper Alexandr Mokin superbly palmed the ball over as Lustig rose to head powerfully at goal following a cross from Kris Commons.
Forrest had a powerful drive from the edge of the box turned over by Mokin, who then pushed clear off the line from a header by fit-again Stokes.
The goalkeeper was having an inspired night and, even when he looked to be caught out by Commons' shot-come-cross, he managed to fly across his line to turn the free-kick clear.
Shakhter were putting bodies on the line in a desperate but increasingly effective effort to deny Celtic clear-cut chances, while displaying a growing confidence that they could hurt their hosts.
The visitors had shown their prowess at long throws in the first leg and the much-changed home defence were finding the set-pieces increasingly troublesome.
That frustration boiled over with Celtic captain Scott Brown, back to his hot-headed worst, aiming a stamp at Gediminas Vicius that would probably have received a red card had it been spotted by the officials.
However, Celtic continued to probe and, just when Shakhter looked like surviving until half-time, Commons gathered from Samaras and sent a powerful shot past Mokin from 25 yards.
Celtic's momentum continued after the break and they were level in the tie when Lustig's mis-hit shot found Samaras and the Greek forward beat Mokin from 12 yards.
Shakhter responded but when Forster could only parry Andrei Finonchenko's 22-yard drive straight to Sergei Khizhnichenko in front of goal, the striker was foiled by an offside flag as well as his poor control.
Stokes ought to have put Celtic ahead on aggregate but somehow volleyed against the crossbar after a Forrest cross found him clear at the back post.
Celtic were then fortunate to escape at the other end when Nikola Vasiljevic's header was cleared off the line by Matthews and, from another long throw, Khizhnichenko flicked the ball against the crossbar.
Just when a toiling Forrest looked poised to be substituted and the tie seemed destined for extra-time, Stokes weaved his way into the penalty box before turning the ball into the path of the winger to fire in off the underside of the bar.
Republican Greg Abbott is leading Democrat Wendy Davis by 8 points in a hypothetical matchup for Texas governor, but it's a statistical dead heat among women, according to a Texas Lyceum Poll of registered voters released Wednesday.
Abbott, the attorney general, leads Davis, a state senator from Fort Worth, 29 percent to 21 percent in the poll, with a whopping 50 percent undecided. The poll has a margin of error of +/- 3.47 percentage points.
Abbott's lead shrinks to 2 points, within the margin of error, when only women are counted. In that slice of the electorate, Abbott had 25 percent and Davis was at 23 percent, with 51 percent undecided.
Davis, who is expected to announce her campaign for governor on Thursday, leads Abbott 36 percent to 10 percent among black voters and 22 percent to 18 percent among Hispanic voters in the poll. Abbott has a lopsided lead over Davis among independents — 18 percent to 8 percent — but in that group, 74 percent are undecided.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Cal Jillson, a political scientist at Southern Methodist University, said he found the gender gap “intriguing.” Given the fact that white Texans make up two-thirds of the electorate and routinely give 70 percent or more of their votes to Republicans, Davis needs to peel off white suburban women from Abbott if she has any hope of winning.
He said Democrats in the last several elections have generally lost statewide races by 12 to 16 percentage points in Texas, so she's ahead of the game at this point. But with so many people undecided, Jillson said Davis is vulnerable to a negative ad campaign that would define her before she can define herself. It doesn't help that her opponent has the biggest war chest in Texas politics.
“How does Davis break even with Abbott among the 50 percent who don't know, when he's got $22 million and she's got $1 million?” Jillson said. “The odds are pretty long.”
A poll over the summer, conducted by Public Policy Polling, also had Abbott leading by 8 points.
Texas Tribune donors or members may be quoted or mentioned in our stories, or may be the subject of them. For a complete list of contributors, click here.
The loss of history and, in turn, the future – is one of the worst kinds of news to report. Sure, it can't be compared to tragedies like last year's earthquake in Japan or the most recent school shooting, but every time we lose a piece of history we lose what it is that makes us human. And, in this case, it was a half-baked and lazy effort to preserve that history that went awry. The irony would almost be laughable if the result wasn't such an utter bummer.
Last night, a sizable portion of Universal Studios‘ catalogue of film prints was destroyed in an accidental fire. As you may know, many of the studios are converting their film archives to high quality digital scans of the film. The thinking is that digital files are less cost-intensive to maintain, so if you can make a good 4, 6 or 8K scan – why would you need the print? Of course there are several kinks in this logic, not the least of which is that digital files have actually been found to degrade every bit as much as, if not more quickly than, film. Also? They don't look as good.
Anyway, like most other studios Universal is remastering their catalogue in increments. In this case it was a batch of films getting 8K scans so they would have new hi-def masters to work from for year-end Blu-ray releases to celebrate their 100 year anniversary. In essence, landmark films. In fact, I think we got lucky that Jaws was already remastered earlier this year because this list is quote staggering. And it includes most of the classic Universal monster films. Among the prints affected that might be of interest to BD Readers? Dracula, Frankenstein, The Wolf Man, The Creature From The Black Lagoon, Bride Of Frankenstein and Land Of The Lost. They're all gone. And now there are no prints. Ever. And the hi-def scans were never conducted. Like your standard-def compressed DVD of Dracula? I hope you do, because that's as good as the film is ever going to look again.
How did this happen? The prints had been transferred from the Universal vaults to a storage facility within the mastering studio that was to conduct the conversions. Apparently the storage facility was nowhere near up to snuff and the hot overhead lights ignited a few of the prints. Since some of these films pre-dated 1933 that means they were nitrate film prints – highly flammable. If you saw Inglourious Basterds their flammability was actually a plot point in the film. Per Variety, “the flash ignited at such a temperature that it could be observed by satellite”
The investigation is still pending, but we do know an intern named Ryan Barton has been dismissed for failure to turn off the lights. Universal Catalogue exec Jeff Weintraub calls this, “an unmitigated loss. Not just to our culture as a studio, but to the culture at large.” He added, “At least we still have ‘Fast Five'.” Head to Variety for more as it develops.
The internet has never really taken the Oregon Wildlife Refuge protestors seriously.
First, conservative internet personalities cast doubt on whether Ammon Bundy and co.'s demonstration would ever amount to more than a media spectacle. Then people started mocking their impassioned proclamations of patriotism on Twitter and writing lurid, homoerotic fanfiction about them.
Now, after listening to the militiamen's desperate pleas for snacks, the internet is sending the #OregonUnderAttack boys very special care packages—filled with dildos.
“It's sad that there are people who would spend this kind of money on this rather than spending it to do good in the world,” gun-rights enthusiast and Oregon dildo recipient Jon Ritzheimer wrote in a Facebook post. “I'm done living in fear of an oppressing force.”
It's not hard to see why Ritzheimer's upset at receiving all those personal massagers in place of the jerky that his fellow protestors initially asked for, considering that all their money's probably going to have to go to those $70,000 per day security charges they're racking up.
Linux only: Reader Chris writes in with an excellent tip that changes the prompt to red when using the root account from the terminal—as a reminder to be more careful.
Advertisement
Using the tip is relatively simple—just edit the /root/.bashrc file and add in the following, preferably commenting out the existing lines that set the color, though you can simply add this line to the end of the file.
PS1='${debian_chroot:+($debian_chroot)}\[\033[01;31m\]\u@\h\[\033[00m\]:\[\033[01;34m\]\w\[\033[00m\]\$ '
Once you've added this line, anytime you switch to using the root shell you will see the prompt in red with white text for the command line. Chris takes it further, with a line that turns the prompt green for regular users, which you can enable by adding the following to your ~/.bashrc file:
PS1='${debian_chroot:+($debian_chroot)}\[\033[01;32m\]\u@\h\[\033[00m\]:\[\033[01;34m\]\w\[\033[00m\]\$ '
Advertisement
This tip can really come in handy if you have a bunch of terminal windows open at once, so you can tell at a glance which ones are using root mode and which aren't. Thanks, Chris!
For more tips on powering up your terminal, check out how to display your public IP address, show a list of only subdirectories, or make any directory into an ISO file.
State Question 788
Original ballot language
"This measure amends the Oklahoma State Statutes. A yes vote legalizes the licensed use, sale, and growth of marijuana in Oklahoma for medicinal purposes. A license is required for use and possession of marijuana for medicinal purposes and must be approved by an Oklahoma Board Certified Physician. The State Department of Health will issue medical marijuana licenses if the applicant is eighteen years or older and an Oklahoma resident. A special exception will be granted to an applicant under the age of eighteen, however these applications must be signed by two physicians and a parent or legal guardian. The Department will also issue seller, grower, packaging, transportation, research and caregiver licenses. Individual and retail businesses must meet minimal requirements to be licensed to sell marijuana to licensees. The punishment for unlicensed possession of permitted amounts of marijuana for individuals who can state a medical condition is a fine not exceeding four hundred dollars. Fees and zoning restrictions are established. A seven percent state tax is imposed on medical marijuana sales."
Rewritten ballot language
"This measure legalizes the licensed use, sale, and growth of marijuana in Oklahoma. There are no qualifying medical conditions identified. Possession and use of marijuana is authorized through a medical marijuana license that is valid for two years, rather than by prescription. An Oklahoma board certified physician must recommend the license using the same accepted standards for recommending other medications, and must sign the application for the license. The State Department of Health must issue a license to an applicant who:
• submits a valid application,
• is eighteen years or older, and
• is an Oklahoma resident.
"Applications for individuals under eighteen must be signed by two physicians and by a parent or legal guardian. The Department also issues seller, grower, packaging, transportation, research, and caregiver licenses to those who meet certain minimal requirements. A 7 percent state tax is imposed on retail sales of marijuana. Unlicensed possession by an individual who claims to have a medical condition is punishable by a fine not exceeding $400.
"Local government cannot use zoning laws to prevent the opening of a retail marijuana store. This measure does not change federal law, which makes use, sale, and growth of marijuana illegal."
The Prime Minister comes back from his well-earned holiday to the biggest political crisis of his premiership. The immigration and refugee issue engulfing Europe has the potential to wash his government away. David Cameron needs to summon up all the authority a British Prime Minister has at his disposal, not simply to confront but to surmount this mega-crisis.
If he doesn't realise now, he soon will that there's not one migration crisis he faces, but four which are inter-related.
Last week the Government published figures on net migration into this country. They were little short of catastrophic for a government that rightly believes in setting a limit on the numbers of newcomers to our shores. The Government's current strategy has failed dismally. But the Prime Minister must realise that what we have so far seen on this score is merely the rumbling of a political Mount Vesuvius.
Any pretence he had that he could control net migration by gliding around Europe prattling on about restricting Britain's social security benefits and tax credits must be relegated to the political kindergarten.
If David Cameron doesn't realise now, he soon will that there's not one migration crisis he faces, but four which are inter-related.
The first of the linked crises is the mass internal migration of people within Europe. When push comes to shove, the Prime Minister won't carry the country with him in the long promised referendum on our membership of the European Union if UK voters believe that he hasn't tackled seriously the European question.
At some stage the country will summon up the political will to lay down the minimum red and blue lines on which the Prime Minister has to renegotiate with Europe. And the first must be that we regain physical control of our borders – even if it is only temporarily.
The Prime Minister doesn't stand a cat in hell's chance of moving towards his quite properly defined goal of 100,000 net migration a year without being able to control our borders within Europe.
He has got to make it plain to Mrs Merkel that he won't be able to win a referendum unless Britain can temporarily control the number of Europeans migrating to Britain to work. She must know it's a make or break issue. No control, no British membership. She'd be left with the fiscal basket case of an EU.
Last year a major grouping accounting for the enormous increase in newcomers came from Europe. That cannot continue.
Any pretence the Prime Minister had that he could control net migration by gliding around Europe prattling on about restricting Britain's social security benefits and tax credits must be relegated to the political kindergarten
The Government's current strategy has failed dismally. But the Prime Minister must realise that what we have so far seen on this score is merely the rumbling of a political Mount Vesuvius
Last year a major grouping accounting for the enormous increase in newcomers came from Europe. That cannot continue
There are three more immigration crises which are now beginning to erupt at one and the same time. First, not since the end of the Second World War have we seen so many people beginning to move around the world in fear of their lives. The idea that Greece and Italy on their own can hold these unbelievable numbers of people on the move, granting refugee status and returning economic migrants to their home countries, unaided, is childlike.
Here is a lesson that Mr Cameron can begin to teach his fellow EU heads on the kind of Union Britain wants to lead. My guess is the country is fed up with having rammed down its throat unnecessary policies whose only purpose is to fulfil the centralised European vision that was envisaged by the founding fathers of the European project.
Britain, and our fellow members of the EU, need an open-looking Europe that has the ability and energy to respond to the crises that confront our Community and the world. Mr Cameron needs to call for the formation of an ad hoc European border force whose existence will be limited to the duration of the present crisis.
This temporary border force must be given the resources, manpower and intelligence so that it can begin to distinguish between refugees fleeing in terror for their lives and economic migrants who are seizing the opportunity to come here to work.
Our response to the refugees must encompass the following strategy. Can we shame Europe into following our lead by using our huge aid budget to ensure that people can settle safely with dignity and hope, as near as possible from the terror from which they have fled? This entails a revolutionary rethink on what life should be like in refugee camps.
Britain, and our fellow members of the EU, need an open-looking Europe that has the ability and energy to respond to the crises that confront our Community and the world
This temporary border force must be given the resources, manpower and intelligence so that it can begin to distinguish between refugees fleeing in terror for their lives and economic migrants who are seizing the opportunity to come here to work
There then needs to be a combined European response to the housing of genuine refugees. Britain must insist that the international obligations to refugees are fulfilled and that refugees must register their status as soon as they land on safe European ground. The Prime Minister will not be able to carry that vital policy in the country unless he's shown to be up to the challenge of curbing economic migration.
And it is mega economic migration which is the third crisis to be faced. The ad hoc EU border force must have the resources and the courage physically to send back economic migrants to their country of origin. We mustn't get queasy over this policy.
Implementing this strategy will be very unpleasant as many of the economic migrants put up a fight to stay. But the British public will have a stomach for whatever it takes to distinguish the economic migrants providing it knows that refugees will find a safe haven.
The fourth issue facing us is the threat of terrorist inflitration posed by the mass movement of people. Tackling it will entail combining the intelligence forces of Europe with the work of the ad hoc border force.
Anybody who thinks ISIS is just a collection of thugs who have been lucky in overrunning a large part of the Middle East ought to be given a tablet and told to lie down in a dark room.
If ISIS has shown anything it is that it knows how to fight Western democracies on their soft underbelly and we imperil our future if we underestimate its intelligence for a single moment.
The existence of the Government is small beer compared to this country's very stability, which is now under threat. It will need a degree of political determination by the Prime Minister which, so far, there has been no need for him to show
ISIS's high command will have already begun to use the chaos engulfing Europe's borders to get sleeping ISIS agents into all Western democracies. God knows what they've got in store for us.
We will need the very best of European intelligence to counter its moves and to capture as many ISIS agents as we can as they try to cross into European democracies. Again this won't be a pleasant business but it's vitally necessary. Confronting the challenge now engulfing Europe will not be for the fainthearted. Real courage that this country showed 75 years ago in confronting Nazi tyranny will have to be summoned up once again.
That courage must be mobilised and directed into battle if the fourfold immigration crisis which now threatens us as the months unfold is to be overwhelmed.
The existence of the Government is small beer compared to this country's very stability, which is now under threat. It will need a degree of political determination by the Prime Minister which, so far, there has been no need for him to show.
As well as facing up to this fourfold challenge, Mr Cameron must also seize it as the unique opportunity to forge his leadership for the kind of Europe we need in the coming decades.
This Europe will be flexible, humane, outward looking and it needs to possess both the resolution and the resources to meet the needs of European nations in a fast changing world.
By giving Europe this lead more and more countries will realise the folly of maintaining the fortress Europe that the original founders envisaged. The centralised single European state with its clogged arteries and its other tell-tale signs of age, is not for Britain. We ought to have many partners in Europe who decide under the Prime Minister's leadership that it is not for them either.
Coco Knows the True Horror of Super Mario Games
Eder Campuzano November 17, 2011 8:00:53 PM EST
Remember how PETA's up in arms because of the fact that Mario wears what they believe is the skin of the Japanese Raccoon Dog in Super Mario 3D Land? Well, Conan O'Brien heard, too, and he's got a bit of a history lesson for the folks who champion the ethical treatment of animals. It's not the first time Coco has been linked to Mario. Remember when his show backdrop resembled a Super Mario stage?
I didn't realize it until O'Brien mentioned this, but Mario has a bad history of animal abuse under his belt. The lanky Irish comedian only skims the surface, too. Monty Mole, Wiggler the caterpillar and Blooper the squid are just a few of the creatures who have suffered at the hands of the Mushroom Kingdom's most notorious plumber/poacher. Looks like PETA missed the big picture.
Check the video after the jump. The Mario joke sits at about 5:10.
Anti-Corbynites at the think tank Progress are persuading constituency branches to hand over the details of ex-members so they can recruit them to take out the leader.
At least, that's the story doing the rounds of social media, along with the document apparently explaining exactly how to carry this manoeuvre out.
The online pro-Corbyn newspaper The Canary claimed: “Essentially, it is suggesting that Saving Labour supporters ask those who have access, to pass them the personal details of former Labour members.”
It argues Progress may have breached the Data Protection Act.
But the think tank's director Richard Angell strongly denies any suggestion of impropriety. So what exactly do we know?
Progress is recruiting anti-Corbyn members
Progress is a centrist pressure group, and it has thrown its weight behind the challenge to Corbyn, particularly through a platform called Saving Labour. It's pushing hard before the deadline to register as a supporter and gain a vote.
Angell told The Staggers: "Labour needs a million strong party to take on the Tories at the next election. There is a 48 hour window before 5pm Wednesday and there is one strategy to save Labour.
“It's the Ronseal Strategy: register Labour supporters as Labour Registered Supporters." (For anyone not familiar with DIY, Ronseal is a brand of paint with the slogan “Does what it says on the tin”).
In other words, Labour's moderates have learnt from Momentum. They know that many current members joined because of Corbyn, and they are trying to recruit in the opposite direction.
Progress wants to contact lapsed Labour members
The document which has been widely circulated online is a strategy for recruiting more moderate members.
It includes instructions on setting up street stalls and graphics to tweet on social media.
So far, so predictable.
What's making online commentators jump is the following passage. The document recommends Corbyn's opponents try to recruit those who left the party when he took over.
It continues: "With the support of your local CLP, this is something local members can do to recruit Labour supporters."
Then it has detailed instructions on how to access the data:
"There will be a specific account for each CLP and a link to the account in membership emails from the party - CLP officers with membership roles and the MP should have access - if not, call your regional party to sort it."
Corbynistas say this is breaching laws about data protection, and that former Labour Party members' data is being used in a way they never intended. Progress says this is a misreading of the document in the first place.
So is Progress breaking any rules?
Tim Turner, an information specialist who is not a Corbyn supporter, said “there is a strong likelihood that the Data Protection Act is being breached”. He continued:
"If Saving Labour (or rogue individuals) are attempting to recruit Labour members back into Labour, then the processing of data is likely to be a breach of Data Protection's fairness requirements."
But here's the thing. Progress denies it is asking anyone to transfer any data. What it is telling Saving Labour campaigners to do is approach friendly constituency Labour party branches and ask them to target lapsed Labour supporters. And this is a perfectly legal question to ask.
The document itself makes no suggestion that campaigners should ask CLP to transfer any data to Saving Labour.
In short, it's up to the CLP. A pro-Corbyn CLP could just tell Saving Labour to bugger off and email lapsed members pro-Corbyn messages instead.
If someone in the CLP did hand over the database to an unauthorised “data controller” though, it could be a criminal offence.
What about Saving Labour?
The creation of Saving Labour, a platform to support the challenge to Corbyn, makes this whole data story more complicated.
If a Saving Labour campaigner recruits supporters at a street stall, then those people are now on a Saving Labour list.
But just as a CLP can't give away its data, Saving Labour can't hand its mailing list over either.
An information civil war
At the end of the day, both pro and anti-Corbyn factions are doing everything they can to pack the party full of their supporters. And it's getting ugly.
Each CLP will have members on each side of the divide. But at the end of the day, if the leadership decides to throw its weight behind Corbyn or the challengers, that's what will end up in your inbox.
So if you don't like what you're seeing, it might be time to adjust your spam filter.
Update: Labour responds to ICO complaints
The Labour Party has issued a statement responding to complaints about the last leadership election brought to its attention by the Information Commisioner's Office. It says it has been advised that:
If the Labour Party or its elected members intend to send marketing material to individuals (regardless of their membership status) it should ensure that consent is gained. A facility should be provided to allow the individual to consent to each method the Labour Party or its elected
members wish to contact them by. The implication of this direction is that candidates in internal Labour Party elections MUST NOT be given access to lists of existing registered and affiliated supporters which allow for unsolicited marketing messages to be sent by email or telephone. Indeed, there must be explicit consent given by each supporter to receiving marketing messages by each and every channel of communication.
As well as obeying the laws on data sharing outlined above, Labour must make it clear to members that they can opt out of mailing lists.
Most striking is the rule that elected representatives i.e. MPs cannot use the mailing list "save for normal membership procedures relating directly to their office". What that means, though, could be open to interpretation.
There should be a moratorium on any access to membership list by any office holder or elected representative save for normal membership procedures related directly to their office for the duration of this election. Any member using Labour Party membership data in an unauthorised way will be referred to the Office of the Information Commissioner and may be subject to disciplinary action.
But how will CLPs and MPs interpret this rule? If you get an email which you believe breaks the rules, you can send it to julia.rampen[at]newstatesman.com, and we can follow it up.
Drexel's Ellen Giarelli was named the International Society of Nurses in Genetics Liaison for the National Advisory Council for Human Genome Research, National Institutes of Health, as announced in a University press release Jan. 12.
Giarelli, currently an associate professor in the College of Nursing and Health Professions, also serves as the president of the International Society of Nurses in Genetics, a global nursing organization that promotes the “scientific growth of nurses in human genetics.”
By joining the NACHGR, she will be part of an organization that has advised the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and the National Institutes of Health on issues related to the human genome initiative. The council performs peer reviews for grant applications relating to this initiative and is represented by liaisons from outside organizations, including the American Society of Human Genetics and the Genetic Alliance.
“This position is important symbolically and practically, [as] I am one of only five liaisons from professional organizations, and I am the only nurse on the Council,” Giarelli said.
The Council, which is comprised of 25 members, identifies the priorities for the National Institutes of Health and advises the government's efforts in the International Human Genome Project.
As ISONG Liaison, Giarelli will represent the interests of the Council's members, which include “incorporating the principles of human genetics into all levels of nursing education and advancing nursing research in human genetics,” among others.
“The ISONG vision is caring for people's genetic and genomic health. My main role will be to monitor the activities of the NHGRI as they relate to ISONG's goals,” Giarelli said.
Other goals of the group include encouraging the development of standards of practice of nurses in human genetics and promoting integration of the nursing process into delivering genetic healthcare services.
Giarelli has worked in cancer and autism genetics, dealing with the scientific component of both the disease and the disorder.
“My research and careerlong scholarship has been to study the lifelong experiences of people with genetic disorders diagnosed in childhood,” she said. “The disorders are chronic, have variable expression over a lifetime and often require those who are diagnosed to watch and wait for symptoms.”
“As scientists sponsored by the NHGRI learn more about genetic contributions to health and illness, nurses and other health care providers will need to understand the patients' and families' perspectives and experiences in order to teach and treat their patients,” she continued.
Giarelli will officially begin as liaison at the Council's first meeting of 2012 in Rockville, Md., which will take place Feb. 13-14. The upcoming meeting will be the Council's 64th and will focus on providing stakeholders in genetics with the opportunity to share ideas and expectations, Giarelli said.
“Attendees can comment on such items as large-scale genetic sequencing programs, human heredity and health in Africa,” she explained. “These meetings are the forum for public input as well as an [opportunity] for free and open exchange among scientists, health care providers and public health advocates, as well as the general public.”
She continued, “I hope to be the voice of nurses, our patients and their families in the council's discussions.”
Joba Chamberlain threw a scoreless inning for Class-A Tampa on Wednesday, pitching in back-to-back games for the first time during his rehab assignment. Chamberlain is expected to join the Yankees in New York on Friday, where he'll likely throw a bullpen session for Girardi and pitching coach Larry Rothschild this weekend. "We do feel like he's getting to where he needs to get," Girardi said. "I'm not saying that this is going to end his rehab, but we do feel like he's making significant progress. Today is a pretty big step for him."
Chamberlain has been throwing consistently in the mid-to-high 90s during his six rehab appearances, though Girardi — who said activating the righty this weekend "has not been in the plans" — stressed that his location and a sharp breaking ball must also be there before he returns. ... Nick Swisher took batting practice in the indoor cage on Wednesday, reporting no problems with his strained left hip flexor. Swisher will work out at the Stadium with hitting coach Kevin Long on Thursday. Swisher hopes to be back in the lineup Friday, but Girardi sounded less than certain he would return for the opener against the Red Sox.
The site of the former Bayside Expo Center could be the location for Robert Kraft's planned soccer stadium, but he would also need to take over the adjacent property, which is currently the headquarters of the Boston Teachers Union.
After more than a year of discussions, the effort to build a professional soccer stadium in Dorchester is all but dead.
How can this be when the major players — Governor Charlie Baker, Mayor Marty Walsh, and University of Massachusetts president Marty Meehan — are all rooting for Bob Kraft to bring his New England Revolution to town?
The finger-pointing has begun, and if Kraft goes away, blame the Boston Teachers Union. At issue are the 2.7 acres the union owns on the site where Kraft would like to put his sports venue.
Advertisement
The union, I am told, is asking for a deal that Kraft, a billionaire who also owns the New England Patriots, thinks is too rich.
Kraft needs about 10 acres for his stadium, and much of that would come from UMass, which is offering a long-term ground lease on what was the Bayside Expo Center. The university bought that site out of foreclosure and plans to expand the UMass Boston campus there.
But the stadium doesn't work without Kraft taking over the adjacent property, too. That's where the union has had its headquarters for four decades, on what was the old Bayside Mall shopping center.
The building is dilapidated, and union brass know it's not worth saving. They filed plans with the city two years ago to replace and expand their headquarters.
When a wealthy sports mogul wants something you have, it would be stupid not to drive a hard bargain. That's exactly what the BTU has been doing.
Advertisement
To help reach an agreement, Walsh offered many sites for a new union home. The BTU — whose members include about 5,500 teachers and 3,500 retirees — needs a facility for meetings and training, as well as its credit union and eye-care center.
When nothing caught the union's fancy, UMass offered a land swap, and talks seemed to be progressing when the BTU settled on another site at UMass Boston. But that wasn't enough, and the union recently asked for at least $17.5 million in cash. It also wants Kraft to pick up costs related to relocating and rebuilding, bringing the total package to nearly $30 million, according to people briefed on the matter.
Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day's most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Now billionaires stay billionaires by not overpaying for anything, and this proposal might have been the last straw for Kraft, who ironically has a reputation for being a tough negotiator.
He wants a soccer stadium in Boston, but not if it feels like he's being ripped off.
Is the union asking too much? Certainly the land isn't that valuable, judging by UMass's purchase price for the Expo Center. The former trade show hall and grounds span nearly 20 acres, and the university paid about $18.7 million for it in 2010. Yes, the university got that for a song in the depth of the recession, but real estate prices in Boston haven't skyrocketed so much that 2.7 acres are worth more than 20 acres.
Advertisement
Of course, the true value of the union's land is what Kraft is willing to pay for it. He has proved to be a patient buyer, having spent more than a decade looking for a new home for the Revolution. The team currently plays in Gillette Stadium in Foxborough, a venue designed for football. It's too big for soccer, and the Revolution are one of the few teams in Major League Soccer without a stadium of its own.
Elise Amendola/Associated Press/File 2014 New England Patriots owner Bob Kraft (right) wants to build a soccer stadium somewhere in Boston, but the Columbia Point option appears to be gone.
Kraft seems ready to move on. He wants to privately finance a $250 million stadium that would seat 20,000 to 25,000 fans. The longer he waits, the more money a stadium will cost him, given that borrowing costs will likely rise if the Federal Reserve delivers on plans to boost interest rates as many as three times this year.
So what should happen here?
Let's all agree that the teachers and retirees who count on the union deserve to be made whole and then some. But they risk getting nothing unless they are willing to back off a bit.
If this deal dies, that would be a shame because a stadium would have helped accelerate the revitalization of Columbia Point.
With the boom in South Boston spilling over to Dorchester, this neighborhood should be next. The Bayside site was also slated to be the athletes' village if Boston had won the bid for the 2024 Summer Olympics. Without a catalyst, it may take another decade for Columbia Point to blossom.
The stadium would have forced the state to finally fix Kosciuszko Circle, the notoriously treacherous rotary at the entrance to Columbia Point. Because soccer fans also take the T, the state also would have had to open up its wallet to upgrade the nearby JFK Library/UMass Red Line and commuter rail stop.
As for UMass Boston, the lease with Kraft would have provided a steady stream of revenue, enough to jump-start more expansion. UMass wanted to use the soccer money to help develop the rest of its Bayside parcel for academic space and student housing. Officials also hoped to have enough money left over to fund scholarships as well.
Richard Stutman, president of the Boston Teachers Union, can come across as an obstructionist, but he doesn't sound that way when you talk to him.
“The BTU wants to work with the city, UMass, and the Krafts to reach a solution that meets all of our respective needs,” said Stutman, after giving me a tour last week of the union's headquarters.
Kraft has endured thorny negotiations before. He haggled with Boston and Hartford officials before deciding to build Gillette in Foxborough. He is credited with saving football when he helped broker a deal with players that ended the NFL's 136-day lockout in 2011.
Stutman is in the red zone. But he won't score unless he comes up with a different play.
Fred Kfoury III/Icon Sportswire/File Kraft took a selfie with Revolution fans before a 2016 game. The Revolution now share Gillette Stadium with the Patriots.
Shirley Leung is a Globe columnist. She can be reached at shirley.leung@globe.com . Follow her on Twitter @leung
PREPARATIONS are under way in Pyongyang for a rare congress of the Korean Workers' Party which rules North Korea, the first to be held in 36 years, on May 6th. It is something of a coming-out party for Kim Jong-un, its young dictator, who succeeded his father in 2011 and early on promised prosperity to his people, as well as leisure for its young. South of the border, President Park Geun-hye has been appealing to South Korean youth with the idea of unification as a "bonanza"; seventy years on from the peninsula's division, most are disinterested in the idea. For the North, whose minuscule economy is roughly 40 times smaller than that of the South and is only beginning to show signs of reform, that would certainly be the case.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
But what of South Korea's gains? The costs of reunion will be staggering—by conservative estimates about $1 trillion, or three-quarters of annual GDP. Its social-security system would need to provide for 25m Northerners, many of them brutalised and malnourished, and including tens of thousands of prisoners in the North's gulag. Yet the South would also merge with a population that is younger and has almost twice as many babies. That would be a demographic boon, as South Korea's working-age population begins to shrink from 2017. Disbanding the North's standing army, the fourth-largest in the world, would free up workers. In total, about 17m workers would join the South's 36m—though admittedly with far lower skills and education. South Korea would also reap a windfall in reserves of rare earths, which are used in electronics. An estimate from 2012 by a South Korean research institute values the North's mineral wealth at $10 trillion, 20-odd times larger than that of the South.
Under Japan's occupation from 1910 to 1945, Korea's industrial heartland lay in the north, and therefore North Korea has more railroads than the South. But they are decrepit, and unlike the South's many sleek motorways, the North's roads are dire: just 3% are paved. Under the Japanese, Pyongyang was also a thriving centre of Protestant Christianity. Indeed the parents of Kim Il Sung, North Korea's first dictator, were devout Christians. Kim had other ideas, and religious persecution continues under his grandson, Kim Jong-un, the current leader of North Korea; its four churches (two Protestant, one Catholic and one Russian Orthodox) are all in Pyongyang and are for show. A unified Korea would gain another unusual showpiece from the destitute North: the unfinished Ryugyong Hotel, which at 314 metres is the tallest skyscraper on the peninsula—though two new towers currently under construction in the South will both rise above 500 metres within a few years.
The outright repeal of Obamacare was always going to be a grind, legislatively speaking. Republicans made it sound easy when they were on the campaign trail, representing the opposition party, but now that they are governing, they are realizing that they might not have the numbers to effectively repeal and replace the current health care law. And so, the GOP's plan is to just make the numbers fit their strategy.
Republican leaders specifically crafted a bill that would pass muster under the rules of the Senate. However, a "growing number of conservative lawmakers," according to Politico, are urging GOP leadership to manipulate and, if necessary, break the rules so that they can introduce legislation that would fully satisfy the conservative wing of the party.
Advertisement:
Sen. Ted Cruz, astonishingly, is one of the most vocal proponents of the rule breaking. On Thursday, he pitched a strategy that would have Vice President Mike Pence overruling the Senate parliamentarian, if it had to come down to it.
“I have been encouraging leaders in both houses that we should not approach this with both hands tied behind our back," Cruz told reporters.
According to the 1974 law that established reconciliation, Cruz said, "It is the presiding officer — the vice president of the United States — who rules what's permissible under reconciliation and what is not.”
Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows and vice chairman Jim Jordan used their lunch Thursday with President Donald Trump to encourage him to include provisions in the bill that would not be allowed under Senate rules. Politico reported that they told the president that he could circumvent the Senate parliamentarian if Republicans are ruled out of order.
Were Republicans to overrule the parliamentarian, it would leave it up to Pence to make a decision. Though Democrats would likely dispute Pence's ruling, it would all come down to a floor vote to settle the change.
Do you think Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. is going to tie into Captain America: Civil War somehow? Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. star Clark Gregg does.
“Civil War has always been about the registration of superheroes and people with powers. I suspect what we're doing will connect with that in some way,” Gregg told EW at NYCC. “What I like about what Marvel has done with our show is we explore a broader part of what's going on in that stuff. Sometimes it connects in a big way. For instance with Winter Soldier, you're seeing more hours of that dynamic, of suddenly realizing seeing people you've worked your whole life for are part of this evil organization trying to kill you, that personal betrayal we get to play out for hours more.”
This is news is…fairly obvious? In its two season so far, Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. has tied into whatever movie Marvel happens to have coming to theaters on any given week, be it Thor: The Dark World, Captain America: The Winter Soldier, or Avengers: Age of Ultron. I think it's fair to say it's a pretty significant reason for the show's existence, and there's little reason to believe that Marvel would suddenly change its marketing plan. Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. airs Tuesdays at 9 p.m. ET on ABC.
ONE WEEK from Friday, we'll have the chance to amend the constitution and allow marriage equality for all.
Previously, two constitutional referenda on marriage were held to allow for divorce. Arguably divorce does undermine marriage. But the decision we took — and there is no sign that we regret it — was that because life is often messy and sometimes hard, people deserve a chance to move on if they want to. I mention divorce because if there are fundamental principles at stake, rationally it was a far bigger jump to allow for the dissolution of civil marriage then than to extend the institution intact now.
I don't for a moment underestimate the extent of the change being contemplated. But the jump we are considering in nine days' time isn't primarily about principles at all. It is much more personal and it is about ourselves. It is about how we really feel about gay people. It's about how comfortable we are with them, really. Lots of us know, work with, or have family who are gay. And of course, the decent people we are — mostly — we are fine. But maybe we are fine, only up to a point. Good to have them there, and not harassed by laws that made it illegal just to be gay in any meaningful way.
They are nice people too, by and large. But, and here's the nub, they are different. We don't say so that way much anymore. But it is what we think, sometimes. And that is what this decision is about. The referendum itself is about something else, the constitutional detail. It's certainly not about children or church. But the decision, the truly personal decision, the one nobody is ever going to find out about, is how you really feel about gay people. And how that makes you feel about yourself.
We need to put this in context, and put a bit of history around it. Until recently, regarding homosexuality, you couldn't be decent unless you were disgusted. That's a fact. In this age of political correctness there is a lot of sugar-coating on the public conversation. The private, personal chats are a bit closer to the bone. It's a mesmerising turnaround when not liking ‘the queers', let alone being one, has gone from being a requirement of decency to being at best, bad manners.
It's so long ago, I can't remember exactly, but I am certain I knew what ‘queers' were years before I understood that there were real people who might be gay. I was well into my teens before even a sense of there being others dawned. Up until then, it was just stinging, insecure stuff bandied about in school yards. You fitted in if your secret wasn't out. They didn't know, and I wasn't sure yet, if they were talking about me. Looking back, it was juvenile banter, of which there was lots. Mainly it was improbable tales of derring-do at the disco. In those days, there was disco and something called to Inter. If either term is too outdated, you can Google it. Nobody does the Inter Cert any more, and disco now is for middle-aged people in unsuitable outfits.
But, funnily, listen out and you still hear an occasional, uncivil, half-menacing harrumph about ‘queers'. You couldn't be Irish if you didn't harbour a passing second thought about the whole thing. That's fine. It's the way we were brought up. This issue now is whether it is the way we are going to go on. There is no harm being a bit perplexed. In a single generation we have gone from being the valley of the squinting windows to a country of windows with no curtains on them, metaphorically.
Then there is that peculiarly Irish thing which ostensibly changed completely, but actually continues unabated, where people in pulpits preach and tell you what to think. The pulpits are plentiful in media, social media, and even a few churches but of course you thought exactly what you wanted then; we all still do now. We know the difference between preaching and practising. Life is impossible without exhaling in between our aspirations and our actions. Real life isn't lived out in nursery rhymes. It's messy and more interesting.
In the meantime, we get on with it by and large, and make our own space. This referendum is about making just a little more public space, if you are comfortable with that. People living in sin, women who had children for men they weren't married to — well, there were names for them too. One by one, slowly they were invited out from hidden spaces and taken in. Little acts of discreet kindness became more frequent, more open. Time moved on, laws changed, and attitudes altered fundamentally.
A lot has changed for gay people too. We wouldn't be having this debate, if it hadn't. Friday week is about another change. According to some people, contraception, divorce, and civil partnership would end family life as we knew it. In fact, not much happened at all. Except people loosened up a little, were less uptight, less insecure.
And that is what this is really about. What will decide the outcome on Friday week isn't any great debate about the rights of relatively few. It is really about how secure or insecure, how contented or uncomfortable, the great majority feel about gay people getting married as well as being at work, or in the family tree. This isn't about them; I must now say us. It's really about you.
You couldn't have known and you wouldn't have intended but the recurring dread growing up of being suspected, or worse discovered was visceral, physically felt. It was a perennial perimeter to behaviour. I understand now, it was more felt, than inflicted. There was never any more than some name-calling, and not much of that. But the inhibition was deeply instilled. Luckily, our lifetime coincides with a slow public thawing of what, in Ireland, had always privately been a measure of personal kindness. Still you never knew for sure. Was discretion required, or just best to leave things unsaid? Don't ask, don't tell. Keeping your head down and your mouth shut becomes learnt behaviour. Even after it's necessary, it's engrained.
Whatever happens on Friday week, not a lot will change on the surface. But public standards impact on private lives. They are the rules of the game. Of course they are routinely ignored but, ultimately, they are the boundaries that count. When those are the boundaries around your life, it really matters a lot. It says what's possible, what's permitted. We have renegotiated our principles on civil marriage once already, so this isn't about that.
This is about how relaxed we are with one another. All that uptightness did a lot of damage. When you vote, nobody will be watching or ever know. It's about you and what you truly believe — and what you choose to do, you will do in secret.
Jim Harrison, the great American writer, novelist and poet, died on Saturday night at the age of 78. His last book of poems, Dead's Man Float, was published by Copper Canyon in January of this year.
Seven in the Woods
Am I as old as I am?
Maybe not. Time is a mystery
that can tip us upside down.
Yesterday I was seven in the woods,
a bandage covering my blind eye,
in a bedroll Mother made me
so I could sleep out in the woods
far from people. A garter snake glided by
without noticing me. A chickadee
landed on my bare toe, so light
she wasn't believable. The night
had been long and the treetops
thick with a trillion stars. Who
was I, half-blind on the forest floor
who was I at age seven? Sixty-eight
years later I can still inhabit that boy's
body without thinking of the time between.
It is the burden of life to be many ages
without seeing the end of time.
Article continues after advertisement
Old Man
An old man is a spindly junk pile.
He is so brittle he can fall
through himself top to bottom.
No mirror is needed to see the layers
of detritus, some years clogged with it.
The red bloody layer of auto deaths
of dad and sister. Deaths piled like cordwood
at the cabin, the body 190 pounds of ravaged
nerve ends from disease. The junk pile is without
sympathy for itself. A life is a life,
lived among birds and forests and fields.
It knew many dogs, a few bears and wolves.
Some women said they wanted to murder him
but what is there worth murdering?
The body, of course, the criminal body
doing this and that. Some will look
for miraculous gold nuggets in the junk
and find a piece of fool's gold in the empty
cans of menudo, a Mexican tripe stew.
February
Article continues after advertisement
Warm enough here in Patagonia AZ to read
the new Mandelstam outside in my underpants
which is to say he was never warm enough
except in summer and he was without paper to write
and his belly was mostly empty most of the time
like that Mexican girl I picked up on a mountain road
the other day who couldn't stop weeping. She had slept
out two nights in a sweater in below-freezing weather.
She had been headed to Los Angeles but the coyote
took her money and abandoned her in the wilderness.
Her shoes were in pieces and her feet bleeding.
I took her to town and bought her food. She got a ride
to Nogales. She told us in Spanish that she just wanted
to go home and sleep in her own bed. That's what Mandelstam
wanted with mother in the kitchen fixing dinner. Everyone
wants this. Mandelstam said, “To be alone is to be alive.”
“Lost and looked in the sky's asylum eye.” “What of
her nights?” Maybe she was watched by some of the fifty
or so birds I have in the yard now. When they want to
they just fly away. I gave them my yard and lots of food.
They smile strange bird smiles. She couldn't fly away.
Neither can I thought I've tried a lot lately to migrate
to the Camargue on my own wings. When they are married,
Mandelstam and the Mexican girl, in heaven they'll tell
long stories of the horrors of life on earth ending each session
by chanting his beautiful poems that we did not deserve.
Life
I'm not so good at life anymore.
Sometimes I wake up and don't recognize it.
Houses, cars, furniture, books are a blur
while trees, birds, and horses are fine
and clear. I also understand music
of an ancient variety—pre-ninteenth century.
Where have I been?
Recounting flowers from the train window
between Seville and Granada, also bulls and olive trees.
I couldn't sleep in Lorca's room because it was haunted.
Even the wine I carried was haunted.
Spain has never recovered from this murder.
Her nights are full of the red teeth of death.
There were many who joined him. You can't count,
up and down, birds and flowers at the same time.
Another Country
I love these raw moist dawns with
a thousand birds you hear but can't
quite see in the mist.
My old alien body is a foreigner
struggling to get into another country.
The loon call makes me shiver.
Back at the cabin I see a book
and am not quite sure what that is.
Bridge
Most of my life was spent
building a bridge out over the sea
though the sea was too wide.
I'm proud of the bridge
hanging in the pure sea air. Machado
came for a visit and we sat on the
end of the bridge, which was his idea.
Now that I'm old the work goes slowly.
Ever nearer death, I like it out here
high above the sea bundled
up for the arctic storms of late fall,
the resounding crash and moan of the sea,
the hundred-foot depth of the green troughs.
Sometimes the sea roars and howls like
the animal it is, a continent wide and alive.
What beauty in this the darkest music
over which you can hear the lightest music of human
behavior, the tender connection between men and galaxies.
So I sit on the edge, wagging my feet above
the abyss. Tonight the moon will be in my lap.
This is my job, to study the universe
from my bridge. I have the sky, the sea, the faint
green streak of Canadian forest on the far shore.
Where Is Jim Harrison?
He fell off the cliff of a seven-inch zafu.
He couldn't get up because of his surgery.
He believes in the Resurrection mostly
because he was never taught how not to.
Bahrain: Two Years On
Bahrain is a small island with a population of 1.2 million (0.6 million citizens) and a history of pearl diving. Assyrian inscriptions from 2000 B.C. mentioned the island's pearls, which were a gem so unique to it that they lured the likes of Jacques Cartier [1]. For over a century, Bahrain has been the scene of conflict at the approximate rate of once every decade [2]. The unrest has centered around such issues as civil liberties and political freedom, as evidenced in this BBC video from 1956 [3]. In 1921, while Bahrain was still a British protectorate, Major A. P. Trevor wrote to the government of India about the country's instability [4]. Later accounts by Charles Belgrave told of similar unrest [5].
The current conflict began on February 14, 2011 and has so far resulted in the deaths of 107 civilians, including seven expatriates, and three police officers totaling 110 [6][7][8][9]. Of those, 18 were teenagers or younger; 21 were female. Additionally, up to 20 miscarriages have been attributed to the crackdown. This visualization depicts those 110 deaths, relying on data provided by human rights organizations, the Independent Commission of Inquiry and the government, abstracted to take the form of a palm tree. Mouse over for more details; click the axis labels to show or hide the horizontal bands. Unless noted otherwise, the causes of death are from [9], either verbatim or paraphrased.
Causes of death
The leading cause of death is tear gas inhalation or complications arising from that. Several videos on YouTube, such as this one, appear to show police officers firing directly into homes. Birdshot is similarly indiscriminate and can have fatal results when used against people [11]. 15% of deaths are attributed to injuries caused by such shells, while 12% are attributed to other forms of gunfire such as live ammunition, rubber bullets and tear gas canisters.
Physical abuse and torture while in custody account for 17% of all deaths. The Independent Commission of Inquiry's report concluded that torture was a systemic problem and noted several methods of mistreatment that are used against detainees. They include “blindfolding; handcuffing; enforced standing for prolonged periods; beating; punching; hitting the detainee with rubber hoses, cables, whips, metal, wooden planks or other objects; electrocution; sleep-deprivation; exposure to extreme temperatures; verbal abuse; threats of rape to the detainee or family members” [8].
Tear gas inhalation
(40%) 44
Birdshot
(15%) 16
Gunshot
(12%) 13
Run over
(10%) 11
Physical abuse
(9%) 10
Torture
(8%) 9
Other
(6%) 7
Deaths over time
The highest number of deaths in a single day occurred on March 16, 2011, a day after Gulf troops crossed into Bahrain. A nationwide crackdown claimed six lives and left hundreds or more injured. Prior to that, the bloodiest day had been February 17, 2011 when Pearl Roundabout was raided in the early morning hours. Of the 10,000 protestors who were camped there [14], four died and 300 were injured.
[1] Cartier by Hans Nadelhoffer, 2007.
[2] Political Movements in Bahrain: Past, Present, and Future by Omar Shehabi, http://bit.ly/z2hy1p (jadaliyya.com)
[3] If you take my advice - I'd repress them by Adam Curtis, BBC Blogs, http://www.bbc.co.uk/blogs/adamcurtis/posts/if_you_take_my_advice_-_id_rep
[4] Bahrain: 1920 - 1971, A reading of British documents (Arabic) by Saeed Alshehabi, http://bit.ly/Yn1JLV (neelwafurat.com)
[5] Belgrave Diaries: Papers of Charles Dalrymple-Belgrave (1926-1957), http://bit.ly/bvC2Xy (scribd.com)
[6] Bahrain Center for Human Rights, http://www.bahrainrights.org/en
[7] Police Media Center, http://www.policemc.gov.bh/en
[8] Report of the Bahrain Independent Commission of Inquiry, http://www.bici.org.bh/BICIreportEN.pdf
[9] Casualties of the Bahraini uprising (2011-present), http://bit.ly/THTvkh (wikipedia.org)
[10] Bahrain: Investigate Shooting, Arrest of Man Caught Up in Police Sweep, Human Rights Watch, http://bit.ly/ev567s (hrw.org)
[11] Bahrain in Pictures, http://bahrain.viewbook.com
[12] Bahrain: Investigate Deaths Linked to Crackdown, Human Rights Watch, http://bit.ly/11WHqa5 (hrw.org)
[13] Tear-Gas Related Deaths in Bahrain, Physicians for Human Rights, http://bit.ly/GKoo0Z (physiciansforhumanrights.org)
[14] Bahrain Takes the Stage With a Raucous Protest by Michael Slackman, New York Times, http://www.nytimes.com/2011/02/16/world/middleeast/16bahrain.html
[15] Bahrain protesters join anti-government march in Manama, BBC, http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-17309839
Roger Stone, an informal advisor to Donald Trump's campaign, is publicly suggesting that longtime Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin could be a 'Saudi spy' and is encouraging the candidate to raise the issue.
'She has a very troubling past,' Stone told Breitbart News Daily. 'She comes out of nowhere. She seems to have an enormous amount of cash, even prior to the time that she goes to work for Hillary,' he added.
'So we have to ask: Do we have a Saudi spy in our midst? Do we have a terrorist agent?' he asked.
Stone didn't offer any evidence for Abedin's supposed terror ties or any proof of spying. He pointed to press reports about Abedin's family history and time living in Saudi Arabia as a child.
In urging Trump to raise the issue, Stone, who has participated in bare-knuckled politics since Richard Nixon's 1972 reelection campaign, alluded to the Orlando killings that have already shaken up the 2016 race.
Secret agent? Donald Trump advisor Roger Stone is asking whether longtime Hillary Clinton (left) aide Huma Abedin (right) is a 'Saudi spy' or a 'terrorist agent'
'I also think that now that Islamic terrorism is going to be front and center, there's going to be a new focus on whether this administration, the administration of Hillary Clinton at State was permeated at the highest levels by Saudi intelligence and others who are not loyal Americans,' Stone said.
'I speak specifically of Huma Abedin, the right-hand woman, the now vice-chairman or co-chairman of Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign.'
Stone urged Trump to start raising the issue. 'The only way it's going to cross over into the mainstream, the only way people are going to focus on it is if Trump himself raises the question,' he said.
'It's not just Huma. It's her mother and her father who are, who are hardcore Islamic ideologues,' he said. There aren't any comments in the public record of Huma Abedin making hardcore Islamic ideological statements. She has offered very few pronouncements over her career as a behind-the-scenes operative, although she did weigh in on Twitter after Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson said a Muslim shouldn't be in charge of the country.
'You can be a proud American, a proud Muslim, and proudly serve this great country. Pride versus prejudice,' Abedin tweeted in response to the comment.
Advisor Roger Stone wants Donald Trump to start raising the issue of Abedin's family ties
Stone has participated in bare-knuckled politics since Richard Nixon's reelection
'I'm not talking about her personal relationship at this point – I'm talking about her political relationship,' Stone continued.
Stone said he thought Abedin would be a 'major issue' in the campaign. She is married to ex-Rep. Anthony Weiner, who quit Congress after a sexting scandal. She appears frequently in the thousands of emails Clinton handed over to the State Department after it was revealed she was using a personal account and a home server while serving as secretary of state.
'Who is this woman? Where did she come from? I think that is going to be a major major issue and what is her relationship with Hillary Clinton? I think this all gets adjudicated in this campaign,' Stone said.
Stone alluded to press reports including a February Vanity Fair article that examined her late father, Syed Zainul Abedin's ties to the Institute of Minority Muslim Affairs, a think tank, and served as editor of the Journal of Muslim Minority Affairs.
National review columnist Andrew McCarthy, a former assistant U.S. attorney, claims the publication is a mouthpiece for the Muslim Brotherhood.
The article claimed that the Abedin family moved to Jidda, Saudi Arabia, when Abedin was two with the backing of Abdullah Omar Nasseef, president of King Abdulaziz University. McCarthy in 2012 called Nasseef a 'major Muslim Brotherhood figure involved in the financing of al-Qaeda.'
Abedin got her start working for Clinton when the candidate was first lady. She later followed her to the Senate and the State Department
Former Republican Rep. Michele Bachmann wrote the State Department about Abedin's alleged ties, and was rebuked my many prominent Democrats and Republicans, including Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona.
'Put simply, Huma represents what is best about America: the daughter of immigrants, who has risen to the highest levels of our government on the basis of her substantial personal merit and her abiding commitment to the American ideals that she embodies so fully,' McCain said then. He added: 'I am proud to know Huma and to call her my friend.'
Stone also raised the accusations in a post on Breitbart.
'Chic gal pal? Mild mannered politician's wife? Harmless clotheshorse? Saudi plant? Innocent aide? Handler?' he asked.
Abedin was born in Kalamazoo Michigan, the child of two academics. Her father was born in New Delhi, India, while her mother was from Pakistan. She attended George Washington University and was a board member of a Muslim students association.
IDA Ireland chief executive Martin Shanahan has been quizzed on American television network CNBC's popular business show Squawk Box about whether Ireland's low tax policy has helped it create so many talented golfers.
In a bizarre prime time interview Mr Shanahan, who leads the successful foreign direct investment agency, reveals that Ireland uses the Euro.
This claim is met with incredulity by Joe Kernen, a co-anchor of “Squawk Box,” who initially insists that Ireland uses sterling, before being repeatedly corrected by Mr Shanahan.
In an increasingly strange interview Kernan also expresses surprise that Ireland is not part of Britain and is in fact a different island. “Squawk Box,” is CNBC's signature morning programme and one of the most popular shows on the dedicated business channel.
The transcript below gives a sense of the type of questioning Mr Shanahan had to deal with while selling Ireland Inc to America, it starts about six minutes into the interview:
CNBC: How does the tax policy turn out such a string of great golfers, Graham, Rory...is it the tax, is this another tax, how does the tax affect the...it is a small place to have so many good golfers?
Shanahan: It is the environment that is probably doing that. It is a pretty good place to live and visit and everything else.
CNBC: What has the weaker euro meant in terms of tourism?
Shanahan: So, I think, em, Ireland is a very globalised economy so we look to what is happening here as much as we do to what is happening in Europe and we look to what is happening in...
CNBC: You have pounds anyway don't you still?
Shanahan: We have Euros.
CNBC: You have Euros in Ireland?
Shanahan: Yes. We have euros, which is eh...
Video
CNBC: Why do you have euros in Ireland?
Shanahan: A strong recovery....
CNBC: Why do use euros in Ireland?
Shanhan: Why wouldn't we have euros in Ireland?
CNBC: Huh. I'd use the pound.
Shanahan: We use euro.
CNBC: What about Scotland? I was using Scottish eh...
Shanahan: Scottish pounds.
CNBC: Scottish pounds.
Shanahan: They use Sterling.
CNBC: They use sterling?
Shanahan: They use sterling. But we use euro.
CNBC: What? Why would you do that?
Shanahan: Why wouldn't we do that.
CNBC: Why didn't Scotland? No wander they wanted to break away.
Shanahan: They are part of the UK we are not.
CNBC: Aren't you right next to er?
Shanahan: We are very close but entirely separate.
CNBC: It is sort of the same, same island isn't it?
Shanhan: And in the North of Ireland they have sterling.
CNBC: They do?
Shanhan: And in the North of Ireland they use sterling.
CNBC: It is just too confusing...
It took the Dow just 107 trading days to surge to 22,000 from 21,000. Boeing shares have had the biggest points impact on the price-weighted Dow, contributing 380.29 points since March 1, followed by McDonald's and UnitedHealth Group with 171.14 and 166.35 points, respectively.
The Nasdaq composite closed flat at 6,362.65 while the S&P 500 advanced 1.22 points to close at 2,477.57.
"We've come a long way in a very short period of time," said Brent Schutte, chief investment strategist at Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management. "I think people are now focusing on the macro news, especially on the jobs report."
The three major indexes have notched record highs this year largely in part because of strong quarterly results.
"It's been a remarkable run as equity markets continue to defy expectations," said Mark Heppenstall, CIO at Penn Mutual Asset Management. "I'd say [the market] is going up for the right reason, which is earnings. That's supportive of valuations."
For calendar second quarter, 72 percent of the S&P companies that had reported as of Wednesday morning beat bottom-line expectations and 68 percent on the top line, according to data from Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"We're seeing a lot of divergence in familiar places," said Anthony Conroy, president at Abel Noser. "Usually with those Apple earnings the market would be surging."
Wall Street also set its sights on key economic data. Private U.S. companies added 178,000 jobs last month, according to a report from ADP and Moody's Analytics. But economist polled by Reuters expected an increase of 185,000 jobs.
"[A]t least according to ADP, job growth still remains good and certainly better than what the BLS has said. The BLS estimate for the private sector is 180k on Friday," said Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at The Lindsey Group, in a note.
"Either way, job growth north of 150k is still enough to put continued downward pull on the unemployment rate and Friday's estimate is for a one tenth decline to 4.3% which would match the lowest level since 2001 and more reason for [quantitative tightening] to start in September," Boockvar said.
Investors have been keeping a close eye on U.S. economic data as they look for clues on when the Federal Reserve will further tighten monetary policy. Wall Street is largely expecting the Fed to hold off on raising interest rates again until at least December, but is expecting the central bank to start rolling off its massive balance sheet next month.
U.S. Treasury yields traded mixed on Wednesday, with the benchmark 10-year yield near 2.266 percent and the two-year yield around 1.359 percent.
On Saturday, June 10, the North Carolina Green Party (NCGP) will hold its seventeenth statewide Spring Gathering at the Seedbed in Mebane, just outside Durham and Chapel Hill. NCGP members and nonmember supporters are both encouraged to attend.
This event is free and open to the public. Donations to the NCGP are welcome at our Donate Page to help cover expenses.
June 10, 2017 at 9am - 4:30pm
The Seedbed
6602 Nicks Road
Mebane, NC 27302
This year, we're holding our meeting at the beautiful Seedbed venue in rural Mebane. The Seedbed is the former location of the Stone House retreat and is now home to an allied organization working on social, racial, and environmental justice initiatives.
We'll be kicking off our Spring Gathering with a talk the prior evening by Green Party vice presidential nominee Ajamu Baraka in Durham. The event, titled "Building People Power in the Time of Trump: The Path to Real Democracy," is at 6-8pm Friday, June 9, at the Vault. RSVP for the Ajamu Baraka event here. Immediately after Ajamu's talk, please join us for a potluck supper and some fun at the Seedbed in Mebane (directions from the Vault in Durham to the Seedbed in Mebane).
Limited lodging is available at the Seedbed for those who wish to stay the night Friday to attend Saturday's Spring Gathering. Beds are $25 and are first come, first served, but priority will be given to members traveling from the mountains and coast. To book yourself a bed, please contact NCGP secretary Tommie James at secretary@ncgreenparty.org.
ABOUT THE SPRING GATHERING
In the aftermath of the 2016 elections, we meet in a time of awakening among US citizens. The stark reality of the failure of the two-party system is on display for the world to see, and the need for alternative political views has never been as widely recognized as now. The Green Party is bustling—we're building locally and statewide and are uniquely positioned to challenge the status quo parties in North Carolina and across the country. Come to celebrate, join, and plan with us to move North Carolina toward a lasting social and economic system that respects humanity, abhors war, and understands our fundamental relationship to the natural word in which we all live.
We'll begin the meeting at 9:00 a.m. with a meet & greet and light breakfast provided by the NCGP. People are welcome to arrive and set up prior to 9:00. We'll begin party business at 9:30 a.m. The business meeting will last from 9:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., and the NCGP will provide lunch.
A detailed agenda will be sent to NCGP membership in the week before the meeting—members may notify the NCGP co-chairs (cochair@ncgreenparty.org) of issues they need addressed. Primary topics on the meeting agenda will ​include NCGP budget and membership, deepening NCGP involvement in activism and grassroots community-building, changes to NCGP bylaws and platform, and building concrete strategies to grow the NCGP.
As always, members and nonmember supporters alike are welcome to attend the meeting, though only members may vote on party business. Nonmembers are encouraged to attend as observers to learn more about the Green Party. You can become an NCGP member at our Membership Page.
Despite orders allegedly given from the top of News International to ensure to "ensure there were no libels or any hidden mocking messages of the chief executive", staff appear to have found a way of mocking Mrs Brooks one last time.
Among the clues in the paper's Quickie puzzle were: "Brook", "stink", "catastrope" and "digital protection".
The clues for the Cryptic Crossword seemed to cut even closer to the bone, with examples including: "criminal enterprise", "mix in prison", "string of recordings" and "will fear new security measure".
The clue for 24 Across - which reads "Woman stares wildly at calamity" - is thought to be a reference to a photograph of Mrs Brooks staring furiously from the window of a car as she left News International's Wapping headquarters following the announcement the News of the World was to be shut down.
The answer to the clue is not one she would appreciate: "disaster".
Other answers included: "stench", "racket" and "tart".
A source at the News of the World told the Daily Mail that Mrs Brooks had ordered two loyal Sun journalists to comb the papers looking for tricks.
They said: "Rebekah tried everything to stop the staff having the last word and she utterly failed.
"She brought in two very senior Sun journalists to go though every line on every page with a fine tooth comb to ensure there were no libels or any hidden mocking messages of the chief executive.
"But they failed and we've had the last laugh.'
Mrs Brooks, a former editor of the News of the World, was met with angry words when she addressed staff on Friday.
In a secret recording made during her speech, Mrs Brooks can be heard saying: "This is not exactly the best time in my life but I'm determined to get vindication for this paper and for people like you."
There are then cheers as an unidentified male staff member angrily replies: "You're making the whole of News International toxic. There's an arrogance that you think we would want to work for you."
Read the latest on the phone hacking scandal.
A sinkhole has damaged two Hackettstown homes and authorities declared one to be unsafe, town officials said this afternoon.
The Hackettstown building inspector determined the home at 185 College View Drive had sustained damage to its foundation after a 40-foot-wide sinkhole opened up in the wake of a water main break Thursday night, officials said.
The occupants have been told the home is unsafe, although it was not mandatory they evacuate, town police Sgt. Darren Tynan said. A neighboring house at 183 College View Drive also sustained minor damage around the foundation.
A Maser Consulting Geotechnical engineer is scheduled to visit the scene Saturday to survey the damage.
The sinkhole, which is about 4 to 6 feet deep, appears to have formed underneath the sidewalk, Tynan said. It washed out a section under the road and driveway of 185 College View Drive while swallowing a portion of the front lawn of the neighboring home.
"It's a big area that was compromised by the sinkhole," Tynan said.
The cause of the sinkhole is undetermined, he said.
Police announced Thursday evening a water main had broken and closed College View Drive between Deerfield Drive and Carter Terrace. Tynan said that while the break was a factor in the sinkhole, the extent of its impact is unclear.
"We're not sure if the sinkhole that formed was caused from the main break or if there was already something wrong with the ground and the main break just made the problem worse," he said.
Officials inspecting the damage this morning said the ground was moving and they feared the sinkhole could grow.
"The concern is warmer temperatures come and loosen the ground more and cause more of the sinkhole to grow bigger," Tynan said.
The town engineer remained on site this evening. Crews from Elizabethtown Gas worked to cut a gas line under the road that could be compromised if the road were to collapse, Tynan said.
In the meantime, College View Drive remains closed between Deerfield Road and Carter Terrace. No timeframe has been set on when crews will begin repairs that will likely include a reconstruction of the road, sidewalk and curb.
"They want to see how far it's spread or if other holes are going to pop up," Tynan said.
Theresa May has caved in to demands to take foreign students out of immigration totals as part of the price for calling the early election.
The Prime Minister had previously rejected calls from cabinet colleagues including Boris Johnson, Philip Hammond and Amber Rudd to soften her stance, but The Times reports she is now compromising in order to ensure university reforms can pass before the dissolution of parliament.
The concession means that foreign students will no longer be counted by official agencies when calculating immigration figures. Around 134,000 international students arrived in 2015-16, a decrease from 175,000 in the previous year.
Mrs May had been facing a potentially damaging revolt from Conservative MPs this week on the policy, with rebels confident they could inflict defeat on the government.
The House of Lords had passed an amendment to the Higher Education and Research Bill that took foreign students out of the figures, which is now due to be considered by the Commons.
Rebel Tory MP Anna Soubry said: “The majority of people don't believe overseas students should be in our immigration statistics, and for good reason.
“The Government is showing welcome signs of pragmatism and common sense on immigration. I very much hope the Government will take international students out of the immigration figures.”
However, the Prime Minister's concession has faced criticism from some.
Alp Mehmet, Vice Chairman of Migration Watch UK, said: “The student route has undoubtedly been a major source of abuse in the past although it has been tightened in recent years. If student numbers are to be shown separately in future it is essential that they be published alongside the net migration figures on every occasion.”
Speaking earlier this month, the Prime Minister had previously said: “Students are in the net migration figures because it is in the international definition of net migration and we abide by the same definition that is used by other countries around the world.”
"Techno ticks all the boxes for me."
Total Scholarships Amount: $80,000 in scholarship
Date: May
Number of Students: 32
Deadline to apply : March 31, 2016.
About Flint Energies Foundation
About Flint Energies
Students residing in the 17-county place offered by Flint Energies will have an option to support pay for school with the release of a new scholarship and grant program through the company's nonprofit foundation.Students who either attend or will be present at a college or a technical college General Education Diploma programYou can check applications available on the company's website. Flint Energies Foundation Announces $80,000 in New Scholarship ProgramThe Flint Energies Foundation was made by the Flint Energies Board of Directors in 2001. The Foundation is a state-chartered 501(c)3 Georgia non-profit corporation which functions member contributions from Operation Roundup to provide finance demands from area 501(c)3 organizations.The company Flint Energies incorporated in 1937, Flint Energies is a not-for-profit member-owned electric powered cooperative that delivers energy services to residential, commercial, industrial and farming members in parts of 17 central Georgia counties.Official Website: www.flintenergies.comThanks to Flint Energies for such a great work.
The recent outrage expressed by white males and females over intrusive airport pat-downs may have an upside. At least at the nation's airports, non-minority airline passengers who seek to board an airplane are being sensitized to the indignities that are a routine part of the lives of some men of color who merely walk or drive down a street.
For reasons purportedly related to public safety, African-American, Hispanic and Asian males are disproportionately stopped and frisked by law enforcement officers on American streets and highways. Recent news stories have focused on the creation of a database from the 600,000 police detentions in New York each year. As the New York Times has reported from analysis of the data, frisks or pat-down searches occur in almost 60 percent of the stops and at a rate that is disproportionately higher for minorities. The rate of frisks for blacks and Latinos in New York is nine times that of whites who are stopped.
Although the creation of a database from the stops has fueled debate, the stop-and-frisk is not just a New York Police Department tactic or even an urban phenomenon. Police detentions and the concurrent clothing frisks are just as prevalent in other cities, suburbs and rural areas as in New York City.
Putting the “Frisk” in “Stop and Frisk”
In a seminal 1967 decision, Terry v. Ohio, the United States Supreme Court decided that a brief detention (seizure) of a citizen is constitutionally permissible. Fourth Amendment protections do not preclude police from stopping citizens in their tracks to ask questions or conduct a brief investigation to dispel suspicion about the activity of the person stopped.
The “stop” — legally and technically speaking — is a forcibly ordered interruption of the movement of a citizen to permit police questioning. But police seldom confine the stop to just asking questions. The stop or detention is followed by a frisk that has two motivating purposes: (1) the possibility that the detained person may have a hidden weapon that could be used against the officer and (2) the possibility that the person's clothing contains illegal drugs possessed for personal use or sale. Terry, of course, approved frisks only for the first purpose. For police fighting the three-decade-long war on drugs, the second purpose piggybacks quite nicely on the first.
To investigate these two possibilities, people who are stopped are subjected to an exterior patting of the upper body clothing over the chest and under the arms as well as a sweep of the hands up and down the legs including the upper thigh and hip area — the same procedures that are used in Transportation Security Administration pat-downs. Police officers who detain individuals on the street search at least as intrusively as do TSA agents conducting airport passenger pat-downs. In fact — and this is not well known outside the population of impacted subjects and the police — police officers may conduct a tactile or visual search of the undergarments of men and women because of their training that small, packaged quantities of drugs may be hidden in the undergarments of users and street sellers.
As white male air travelers take up the cause of YouTube hero John “Don't Touch My Junk” Tyner, a snicker of schadenfreude may be shared among working class and lower class men of color. They may well wonder why the revelation that pat-downs are a degrading imposition of power by government agents has taken such a long time to emerge.
White males reflecting on the comparison might think that their indignity in the fluorescent glow of an airport concourse is worse than a body inspection on a dark city street. But that conclusion is naive. Imagine if the TSA agent were conducting the pat-down on a street corner or in an alley, and another TSA agent was stationed next to a patrol car with his hand gripping a service revolver or a shotgun. The isolated circumstances — out of the view of witnesses and marked by palpable apprehension from the assertion of power by police officers who suspect a crime may be afoot — make the situations difficult to equate.
TSA passenger pat-downs have spawned overdue questions about the need for such humiliating intrusions on the personhood of so many to secure an assumed, but unsubstantiated, additional measure of safety. Many, from libertarians such as Ron Paul to tea party darling Glenn Beck, are saying they don't think the pat-downs are needed.
Where were these defenders of privacy when the subjects of the intrusive searches were not from the white male cohort of society?
Will the Courts Take Frisks More Seriously Now?
Should the frisk be so commonly used? In legal theory the answer is “no.” Although the Terry decision authorized brief detentions for questioning, it placed limits on the authority to frisk someone detained: A frisk is supposed to occur only when there are articulable suspicions of a weapon. A frisk cannot be based on a hunch and it certainly cannot be a standard, routine practice. In the real world, however, neither the police nor the judges who are constitutionally charged with enforcing adherence follow those rules.
Police officers, with the tacit approval of prosecutors and sympathetic judges, frequently say, “I could not take the chance that he might have a weapon in his pocket, so I patted him down for my own personal protection.” Judges tend to empathize with the anxiety and uncertainty the police officer may feel in a street or roadside confrontation. The constitutional requirement — that observable facts (a bulge the size of a gun, for instance, or furtive movements with the hands into the clothing) are supposed to be necessary before even an exterior pat-down occurs — is hardly ever enforced. When no weapon is found during the frisk, police officers and judges shrug: “Better safe than sorry.”
Thus, police pat-down practices (both as to whether a pat-down was needed and as to how extensive the intrusion should be) go unchallenged. Unjustified frisks occur even if the initial detention — but not a frisk — might be warranted. Concern for the officer's safety and the deference to the officer's discretion on the scene hold total sway. A police officer who can say that his training (or the experience of fellow officers) has brought to the fore instances where “suspects have concealed razor blades or needles” in their underwear means that those reports always make it reasonable to convert a frisk opportunity into a de facto strip search on the spot, day or night, rain or shine. Trial and appellate court judges leave decisions about when and how to frisk entirely up to the police officer. In effect, the officer has authority unchecked and unconstrained by the Constitution.
This is true largely because stops and frisks are litigated in court only when drugs or weapons are seized. A decision that a stop-and-frisk (when it placed the officer in a position to find weapons or drugs) violated the Constitution would run counter to two powerful, hydraulic pressures on judges that they are unable to resist: the “double wide” latitude given to law enforcement officers concerned for their safety and the more lamentable rationale that the end (seizing evidence of a crime) justifies the means by which law enforcement gets the job done.
In a New York Times article about the controversial TSA searches, professor Orin Kerr commented about the weak oversight by the courts of searches at airports. In a massive understatement Kerr said, “The tenor of earlier cases is pretty deferential to the government.” Translated from nuanced, politic legalese, Kerr might have explained “deferential” more colorfully — as akin to the attitude Rochester, the Beverly Hills butler, showed toward Jack Benny: “I'll take your word for it, Boss.”
What has emerged from the TSA pat-down kerfuffle is recognition that it is psychologically demeaning to be subjected to physical touching of private areas of the body by someone not invited to do so. Now, the psychological treatment of men of color is being brought home to middle American men as shown by, the Times reports, their complaints “about airport security measures, offering graphic accounts of genital contact and expressing a general sense of powerlessness and humiliation.” Men of color might respond: “Welcome to our world. We have had that experience in our own neighborhood without driving out to the airport.”
Will the perception that there is a harm — a substantial psychological humiliation — needlessly imposed on millions of innocent citizens by intrusive pat-downs change opinions of the general public about the use of such tactics by police officers against males of color who are not boarding airplanes? Probably not.
Intrusive “junk touching” will continue to be a threat in the lives of men of color walking or driving on the streets of America. The courts will continue to give the police carte blanche with regard to the necessity for, and scope of, police pat-downs. For four decades since the approval of the frisk tactic in Terry v. Ohio, the courts have looked the other way while the frisks disproportionately targeted men of color.
It should come as no surprise that police and agents of federal security agencies such as the TSA may be more responsive to the air traveling business public than to pedestrians and motorists in low income communities of color. Now that white, male, middle Americans are feeling the long arm of the law near the family jewels, the impact of a humiliating governmental indignity is no longer confined to a powerless and silent minority. For men of color, who have traditionally been on the groping end of the long arm of the law, the response may be “So what's new?”
After student journalists at a Kansas high school got a big scoop on their incoming principal's credentials, she resigned from the $93,000-a-year position.
The students' main concerns revolved around Amy Robertson's education, mainly the institution where she received her master's and doctoral degrees: Corllins University.
Corllins is an unaccredited online school that when searched on Google, produces several websites warning about scams and claims of the school being a diploma mill.
CLASSROOM CRACKDOWN: PRINCIPAL SUSPENDS OVER 500 STUDENTS
“She was going to be the head of our school, and we wanted to be assured that she was qualified and had proper credentials,” Trina Paul, a Pittsburg High School senior and school newspaper editor told the Wichita Eagle. “We stumbled on some things that most might not consider legitimate credentials.”
The Pittsburg Community Schools Board of Education accepted her resignation.
PRINCIPAL HELPS 10-YEAR-OLD WITH SPECIAL NEEDS COMPLETE 5K
In an email response to the Kansas City Star, Robinson said: “The current status of Corllins University is not relevant because when I received my MA in 1994 and my PhD in 2010, there was no issue.”
“The kids had never gone through someone like this before,” Superintendent Destry Brown said. But he said he hoped students would continue to look for answers. “I want our kids to have real-life experiences, whether it's welding or journalism.”
Despite the school district's thorough screening methods which include calling several references and conducting background checks, Brown said the school district was probably going to make a change to its hiring process.
“They were not out to get anyone to resign or to get anyone fired,” said “very proud” Pittsburg journalism adviser Emily Smith. “They worked very hard to uncover the truth.”
An anonymously circulated letter also raised questions about Robertson's qualifications. Robertson reportedly is currently working in the United Arab Emirates.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
It all started when my father mentioned the Walleye War. Despite growing up in the Twin Cities, I'd never heard of Minnesota's Northwest Angle, or its fishing disputes with Canada that caused some Angleites (as the locals there are known) to take action to secede from the United States. I was curious about these northerners and this isolated area of my home state. I was hooked.
The Angle became part of the US due to an oversight
In early July, my retired parents and I embarked on our upstate adventure. To drive to the Northwest Angle, a bulge of land at the top of the state disconnected from greater Minnesota, you must cross through Canadian territory. The Angle became part of the US due to an oversight: during the 1783 Treaty of Paris, the border drawn between the US and what was then British territory was designed to cut through the Lake of the Woods area at a northwest angle, but the map they used misrepresented the lake's location.
Surveying and negotiating ensued. The treaty of 1818 laid down the northern boundary for the US along the 49th parallel, and dropped a line due south from the ‘most northwesternmost point' of Lake of the Woods to meet it. As a result, the Northwest Angle protrudes from the northern edge of the state like a chimney, and is the northernmost point in the contiguous United States.
You may also be interested in:
– A colossal secret in the Black Hills
– The largest waterfall that ever existed
– Eerie remains of a lost seaside town
We waited at the Canadian border station with no other cars or people in sight. A few minutes later, a border control agent emerged from the building, collected our passports and handed us a sheet of paper detailing how to reach the orphaned piece of Minnesota. The instructions warned that failure to report on each trip from one country to the other may result in a substantial penalty. We needed to check in at ‘Jim's Corner' once we reached the Angle, or we would be subject to a $5,000 fine. If we failed to report when leaving, the fine would be $1,000 – plus seizure of our vehicle.
The final 20 miles of the 60-mile drive through Manitoba, Canada, was on a gravel road. Our tyres kicked up pieces of rock, and dust swirled in our wake. Swarms of flies chased us, attracted to the car's heat and dark colour.
No-one warned me about the bull flies. With bodies like bees, they were downright Jurassic. When we reached Jim's Corner, a small shed with a mounted telephone box and video screen, they pinged against our windows. Outside, I encountered the flies on the video call to US Border Control, swatting while attempting to read our passport numbers aloud.
After the seven-and-a-half-hour drive from St Paul, my hometown, we finally reached Jake's Northwest Angle resort, owned and operated by Paul and Karen Colson. Paul's grandfather, Frank Colson, nicknamed Jake, homesteaded in the Angle around 1917 and founded Jake's resort in 1945. Karen took us to Lute's knotty-pine-panelled cabin, built by Paul and named after his late grandmother, Lucy, nicknamed Lute. A freshly baked loaf of bread was waiting for us – a family tradition for guests of Jake's started by Paul's mother, Celeste, and carried on by Karen.
Walleye fishing is a big draw to the area, so the next morning we amateur anglers embarked on an outing with Paul and his friend Linda LaMie, the Northwest Angle's sole schoolteacher who has been teaching for more than 30 years in Minnesota's only remaining one-room schoolhouse. Since we would be crisscrossing in and out of Canadian waters, we purchased one-day Ontario sport-fishing licenses.
Paul told us how in 1998, due to Canadian laws restricting non-resident fishing, the Northwest Angle succeeded in getting a constitutional amendment introduced in Congress to let them secede from the US, since the unfavourable fishing laws drastically impacted their livelihoods. Non-Canadians fishing in Canadian waters were allowed to keep up to four walleyes, a succulent, flaky white fish revered by Minnesotans, but only if they stayed at Canadian resorts. If they stayed on the US side of Lake of the Woods they couldn't keep anything, which hurt business for US resorts.
Minnesota countered with a bill proposing hefty fees totalling millions of dollars a year for the Canadian National Railway crossing through northern Minnesota. The Walleye War dispute was resolved by Canada rescinding the fishing laws and the US dropping the fees for the Canadian National Railway; the two countries reached an agreement on fishing limits and licensing.
Paul assured us we would catch enough fish. “I've never not had my shore lunch,” he said. In 34 years of doing shore lunches, where Paul cooks fresh catch for guests on uninhabited islands, no group went hungry. I hoped we wouldn't be the first.
A lot of times you won't see anything but islands in any direction
He steered his boat into the vast lake. The Lake of the Woods area has one million acres of water and 14,522 islands, the majority of which are uninhabited. “A lot of times you won't see anything but islands in any direction,” he said. Hues of steely-blue water and lush forest greenery surrounded us. Slate-grey cliffs towered above our boat.
“Isn't this an awesome backyard to have?” Linda said. I was struck by the unspoilt beauty.
We baited our hooks. I asked Linda how she came to live here. She had been teaching first grade in Warroad, Minnesota, for four years when a teaching opportunity in the Angle arose. “The principal said, ‘Do I have the assignment for you', and I thought, ‘This would really be fun'. The first day I came, I was made to feel so welcome. I fell in love with the colourful residents and beautiful land.”
There were no phones when Linda moved in the late ‘80s. She sent hand-written letters to her family and friends from the Angle's tiny post office, where Paul's Grandpa Jake served as the first postmaster. Today, the Angle has a general store, a restaurant and a nine-hole golf course that sometimes has one or two fewer holes if the water is high. The community doesn't have traffic lights or a hospital, but modern advances such as the internet and Amazon Prime have changed living in the Angle. “We've been Primin' right off the bat,” Paul said.
Living in this remote area has its drawbacks, especially commuting to work or school. After students graduate from Linda's sixth grade, they attend school in Warroad, about 60 miles to the south. Linda noted Angle kids have one of the longest school bus rides in North America – nearly three hours roundtrip – leaving at 5am and going through border control four times a day. Some kids commute from nearby Flag or Oak Islands, which makes their travel times even longer.
Angle kids have one of the longest school bus rides in North America
Linda often faces a difficult commute herself. She and her husband, Ron, have a home on Bear River in a remote part of the Angle that isn't reachable by car, truck or SUV; depending on the season, she travels by boat, ATV or snowmobile. During ‘freeze-up' and ‘break-up' (when the ice is forming or melting), travel can be challenging. One evening when they headed home too late and it became pitch dark, Linda instructed her kids to feel wild rice grasses on either side of the boat, “like braille”, so that the boat stayed in open water. Another time, Linda was eight and a half months pregnant and commuting alone. When she got stuck, knee-deep in mud, she dragged fallen trees from the forest to create a makeshift ramp for her ATV and drove herself out of the muck.
By the afternoon, everyone had caught a fish except me. Almost on cue, I felt a tug on my line. “Pull up!” Paul yelled. I jerked the rod and started awkwardly reeling. A small walleye broke the water's surface and twisted at the end of my line. With eight fish, we had more than enough for our lunch.
Paul dropped anchor at a rocky, uninhabited island, and we climbed up to a tiny clearing while he unloaded a portable stove and ingredients for our lunch. After filleting part of our catch, he cooked canned corn, baked beans and wild rice with onions, peppers, mushrooms and cream of mushroom soup. He prepared fish three ways: poached, blackened and fried. After more than three decades of making shore lunches, he had the meal prep down to a science.
While Paul cooked, he told me his grandfather Jake's brother, Jim, also homesteaded in the area; Jim's Corner, where we checked in at the shed with US Border Control, is named after him. I asked Paul about social life in the Angle, especially during frigid Minnesota winters with only 59 permanent residences and 110 year-round residents, give or take.
“That is my singular regret of the Angle – there aren't many people our age,” Paul, 47, said. “It's kind of a weird deal. You've got to be comfortable with yourself.”
The following day, Linda invited us to her house. Paul and Karen's youngest son, Samuel, took us to a dock on Bear River, where Ron picked us up in his boat. Wild rice grasses undulating in the wind bordered our aquatic highway; we slalomed through the water, careful to avoid beaver dams. Ron docked near their log house on a hill. We sat on a balcony overlooking the river. Hummingbirds hovered at a hanging feeder, and then darted back into woods thick with white pine, black spruce, balsam and birch.
“There's a pretty big learning curve coming up here and learning to survive,” Linda said. “It's not an easy life. You have one person working and one person helping. Ron does most of the cooking, baking, taking care of the house and motors.”
It's another world
Ron nodded. “It takes two. I'd never be able to exist here without Linda,” he said.
Linda said the kids she teaches learn survival skills at an early age. Angle kids grow up hunting, and they don't have problems with gun violence like other areas of the state or country. “These kids, they're so fortunate in so many ways,” she said. “It's really this family atmosphere here you don't have anywhere else.” Ron talked about the Angle's innocence compared with other parts of the country where he's lived, including New Mexico and South Dakota.
“It's another world,” he said.
We toured the rest of the house and settled in the dining room near the wood-burning stove used during bitter Minnesota winters. Ron served us his homemade cookies and coffee.
Living at the Angle is like living together in a very large family
Before dinner on nearby Flag Island we went to see Minnesota's only remaining one-room schoolhouse. Linda handed me a brochure, which was taped on her classroom door and titled, ‘What's with the Bump on Minnesota: The Who, What, Where, When, Why and How story by the Angle Kids who live there'.
“Living at the Angle is like living together in a very large family,” Jack Goulet, one of Linda's sixth grade students, had written.
Standing in the schoolhouse with Linda, I thought the kids living in the bump on Minnesota were part of one lucky family.
Join over three million BBC Travel fans by liking us on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter and Instagram.
If you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter called "If You Only Read 6 Things This Week". A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital and Travel, delivered to your inbox every Friday.
Riders in Queens and Brooklyn can take the East River Ferry to Midtown and the Financial District. View Full Caption Flickr/Sean Davis
LOWER EAST SIDE — The East River Ferry should expand its route to the Lower East Side and Brooklyn Heights, where additional stops would add a "storm resilient" transportation option while also serving growing waterfront communities and parks, elected officials say.
A dozen local politicians urged the city's Economic Development Corporation to add East River Ferry stops at Grand Street in Manhattan and at Pier 6 in Brooklyn Bridge Park, according to a letter sent to EDC President Kyle Kimball on Oct. 22.
“These stops increase connectivity between the City's burgeoning Harbor Park [in the Lower East Side] and build a more resilient transit system for New York's growing waterfront residential and workforce populations,” the officials wrote.
The letter was signed by state Sen. Daniel Squadron, Congresswoman Nydia Velazquez, Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, Brooklyn Borough President Eric Adams and Manhattan Borough President Gale Brewer.
Assembly members Brian Kavanagh and Joan Millman; Council members Margaret Chin, Brad Lander, Stephen Levin and Rosie Mendez; and Assembly candidate Jo Anne Simon also signed the letter.
The East River Ferry began as a three-year pilot slated that would have ended in June 2014, but the city extended its contract until 2019. In January, the EDC released a preliminary citywide ferry survey that identified potential new stops and additional routes.
Grand Street was identified as one of 11 viable new stops, according to the report. The stop would expand the area's limited transit infrastructure and connect riders to Citi Bike terminals and the M14 and M21 buses, officials said.
Officials said ferry service would also help visitors access Harbor Park at Pier 42 as well as “resiliency and recreational upgrades” that would be implemented by the “Big U” Rebuild by Design Project, which includes landscaped paths that would lead into East River Park.
The stop would also serve an economically diverse population, including public housing residents, who have traditionally been underserved by public transit, officials said.
A Pier 6 stop would increase connectivity to Brooklyn Heights, Cobble Hill and the Columbia Waterfront, officials argued. They said ferry would also give visitors direct access to Brooklyn Bridge Park and connect riders to a Citi Bike terminal and the B61 and the B63 buses.
The ferry is also “storm resilient” and quickly went back into service after Hurricane Sandy, officials said, making it a good transit option for the two communities, which are located in storm flood zones.
As of Tuesday, the EDC had not yet responded to the letter, officials said.
In a statement, EDC spokesman Ian Fried said the city was considering several possible sites for future stops.
"We are thrilled that so many New Yorkers enjoy utilizing ferry service, and we are always searching for ways to improve its utility for New Yorkers," he said.
"We will continue to examine these locations and other potential sites across the City as we consider opportunities to expand ferry service in the future."
Alabama considers lifting interracial marriage ban Law not enforced for decades Alabama is the last state in which a ban on interracial marriage is still on the books
MESSAGE BOARD Race relations RELATED VIDEO CNN's Brian Cabell talks with those who want the ban lifted and those who are against interracial marriages
Windows Media 28K 80K March 12, 1999
Web posted at: 1:32 p.m. EST (1832 GMT) MONTGOMERY, Alabama (CNN) -- The Alabama House of Representatives is set to vote on a controversial bill that would repeal a ban on interracial marriages. Last year, a similar measure died in a legislative committee. But on Wednesday, a House panel voted to send the proposed constitutional amendment to the full House for consideration. Alabama is the last state in the union to have such a law on its books. Although the state stopped enforcing it decades ago, after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled such laws unconstitutional, the fact that it has not been officially repealed remains a sore point for many in Alabama. "These kinds of things represent oppression and slavery and discrimination against black people," said Rep. Alvin Holmes, who introduced the bill to the legislature. Major Cox, who is black, and his wife, Margaret, who is white, would also like to see the law repealed, although they have been married for 18 years. "Taking it off (the books) will be a recognition of the progress that the state is making," she said. If the bill is approved by the House and Senate, it will clear the way for a statewide vote. A measure intended to repeal Alabama's ban on interracial marriage died in committee last year A recent poll in Alabama indicated high support for the bill. About 63 percent of those who responded to the poll favored lifting the ban on interracial marriage while 26 percent were opposed. Ten percent said they were not sure or had no reply. State Rep. Phil Crigler said that, although he personally opposes interracial marriages, he will vote for the bill. He said the bill was just racial grandstanding, since the law prohibiting such marriages is not enforced. "The virtue of this (bill) passing or failing it not going to change things in Alabama at all," Crigler said. A more hotly contested issue in the state may ultimately be same-sex marriage. Some members of the House panel reportedly balked at approving the interracial marriage bill until they were assured it would not open the door for homosexual marriages in the state. Correspondent Brian Cabell contributed to this report. RELATED STORIES: Randall Kenan's Journey to a center of a race
March 11, 1999
South Carolina removes ban on interracial marriage
November 3, 1998
Across the Great Divide
October 20, 1998
RELATED SITES: Interracial Expressions
Interracial Family Network
Interracial Family and Social Alliance
Interracial Voice
Note: Pages will open in a new browser window External sites are not endorsed by CNN Interactive.
LATEST HEADLINES: SEARCH CNN.com
Enter keyword(s) go help
Aida Hilali, also known as Um Sultan, is a professional matchmaker and as such a pillar in Jordan's marriage industry.
With growing uncertainty and war in the region, the family is one of the last vestiges of stability in the Arab World. Um Sultan helps couples get together so that successful families can be formed.
Twice a year, before and after the holy fasting month of Ramadan, she oversees the marriages of dozens of Jordanian couples.
Um Sultan has been instrumental in 2,000 weddings over 18 years. She considers her work part of a larger effort to maintain a strong social and family fabric that allows Arab families to weather the storms of war and uncertainty.
FILMMAKER'S VIEW
By Mariam Shahin
Two years ago I was researching the under-aged marriages of refugee girls in Jordan to older men looking for young wives for a current affairs programme. Ibrahim Shahin, my co-producer on Um Sultan: Jordan's Matchmaker and I searched for weeks in out-of-the-way places close to the refugee camps across Jordan for these dubious characters.
During our search, we met Um Sultan, a well-known matchmaker in Amman's eastern district of Jabal al-Akhdar. She immediately told us that she refused to introduce older men to underage girls, refugees or otherwise and that she had spent more than 20 years successfully introducing would-be brides and grooms to one another. What caught our attention immediately was her charisma and ability to make anyone she met feel comfortable and like an old friend.
Um Sultan is her nickname, her real name is Aida Hilali. In that first hour we spent with her, she got at least 15 phone calls, sometimes fielding two conversations at once in an incredibly amusing juggling act, which included catty and candid comments and commentaries.
While mostly diplomatic, she has no filter - she says what she thinks - bringing a much-needed clarity of thought to the art of marriage and matrimony to Jordan and Jordanians.
Aida Hilali was born in Damascus to Lebanese-Syrian parents and has a Turkish grandmother. She is one of 10 siblings who now live across Jordan, Syria and Lebanon. She married traditionally at 17 and was a widow with a son by the time she was 20. When her son turned 17, he met her current husband, Musa al-Hadidi, while visiting Jordan. He told his mother she should not stay alone and introduced the two. They soon married and Aida moved to Jordan with Musa.
She began her "career" as matchmaker by introducing neighbours to one another, and before realising the need and potential of matchmaking in Jordan, a country constantly being challenged by war and displacement all around it.
In the oasis that Jordan is today people seek stability through marriage, and Um Sultan is there to facilitate. In the age of the internet and modernity, she deals mainly with more traditional requests for wives who will make good homemakers while looking pretty, and husbands who will be suitable providers.
"Love" comes after marriage in Um Sultan's book. For her, common sense, social suitability and economic provisions make up the basis of what a good, stable marriage is based on.
Filming in her small, one-bedroom home, with a large insulated porch, where she receives her visitors and clients, was often a challenge for George Azar, our director of photography,who was frequently squeezed into tight corners during the shoot.
But the tightness of location created a sense of intimacy that Azar's filming and the editing of Rabab Haj Yahya was able to capture. Although Aida never spoke on camera about her own life or that of her family, her on-camera presence draws in viewers, like she draws in her visitors when meeting them in person.
Her family includes people who have disappeared in Syria's prisons and whose whereabouts remain unknown - which is a constant personal reminder of how fragile the region around her is. But her positive energy allows her and all those around her to continue living with hope for a better tomorrow and perhaps, a happy marriage.
Source: Al Jazeera
Mayor de Blasio and city homelessness Commissioner Steven Banks (Michael Appleton/Mayor's Office)
The Department of Homeless Services is quietly finalizing more than $98 million in contracts that would turn five apartment buildings currently part of the notoriously mismanaged cluster site program into homeless shelters, and maintain six more as cluster sites for at least the next three years.
These privately-owned buildings, located in Brooklyn and the Bronx, have more than 300 apartments between them and are either partially or entirely occupied by homeless families. Rather than convert them to low-rental housing and provide residents with tenant protections, as Mayor Bill de Blasio pledged last January, DHS is planning to maintain them as family shelters (a tactic referenced in the mayor's February homelessness game plan). Advocates say this will reward negligent landlords who already benefit from the cluster program's large payouts and lax oversight.
"The city is rewarding harassing behavior," said Scott Hutchins, a member of Picture the Homeless who has been homeless himself since 2012.
There are currently 449 open violations across the eleven buildings, according to the city's shelter repair scorecard for July, 75 of which are immediately hazardous. A recent report from the Department of Investigation found the Giuliani-era cluster program to be the worst maintained in the shelter system. Yet the city has paid as much as $3,000 per month to house a single family in a cluster site apartment. When de Blasio announced his phase-out last January, the City said it was spending $125 million a year on the program.
The eleven new contracts were discussed at a thirty-minute contract hearing on Reade Street Tuesday morning, presided over by one DHS representative. They are one indicator of how the city may phase out cluster sites, which has been an open question for months.
Advocates with Picture The Homeless warn that landlords are motivated to vacate rent stabilized units in buildings that participate in the cluster site program in order to maximize profits. Evidence of this sort of harassment has been well documented.
For example, one of the buildings slated for shelter conversion is 1838 Vyse Avenue in the Bronx, which is owned by David Green, one of 13 cluster site landlords on the Public Advocate's Worst Landlord list. Gothamist has documented the conditions there, which deteriorated markedly in the early aughts. Tenants say they were pressured out and replaced by shelter residents. Intimidation tactics allegedly included locking pit bulls in empty apartments. The building is currently being operated entirely as a cluster site. From reporter Nathan Tempey:
Tenants say building managers warned them that they couldn't guarantee their safety if they stayed. In February 2013, the building's renters received a letter that read, "Please be aware that the landlord is not renewing any leases in the building, at the present time. If you would like to terminate your lease, you will not be penalized." It was signed, "The Management."
Tenant harassment has also been documented at 1387 Grand Concourse, and 3001 Briggs Avenue, both in the Bronx and slated for shelter conversion.
According to to Picture The Homeless, the new contracts are further incentive for landlords to empty out stabilized units. Data obtained by Gothamist shows that of 3,300 cluster apartments in use at one point in fiscal year 2016, 3,167 were in rent-stabilized buildings.
Advocates fear that when the shelter contracts expire, there may be little protection against landlords flipping the buildings into market rate rentals, further draining New York City's diminished stock of rent-stabilized housing.
"One of the concerns is that if they transition these eleven buildings that may have some regular rent stabilized tenants left, the owner can claim a permanent exemption from rent stabilization," said Rajiv Jaswa, a staff attorney with the Community Development Project at the Urban Justice Center. "I'm not sure if there's a mechanism to reverse that after the fact."
This spring, Mayor de Blasio pledged to phase out all cluster site apartments by 2021 rather than 2018, as originally promised. At the same time, de Blasio announced that the city must open approximately 90 new homeless shelters in order to reverse a 35-year trend of steadily increasing homelessness.
"I think the city is trying everything at the same time, but the numbers make it difficult," Jaswa said. "[They're trying to] find shelter for everyone and dealing with the staggering number of people who need shelter, and then also moving off of this cluster model that has existed for several administrations before."
The shelter contracts, he added, "may be exacerbating the housing shortage while trying to temporarily solve the problem."
The City contends that they have reduced the use of cluster sites by nearly 30 percent since early 2016, when roughly 3,600 units were occupied, and that DHS does everything they can to phase out bad actors and ensure that rent stabilized units are protected under applicable law after the contracts expire, though the enforcement for the latter falls to the Division of Housing and Community Renewal, a state-controlled agency.
"Our number one priority as we end the use of cluster sites is to help as many New Yorkers as possible transition into permanent, affordable housing while raising standards for our homeless neighbors across the board," Human Resources Administration spokesman Isaac McGinn said in a statement. "And we remain squarely focused on advancing those parallel goals through a range of aggressive strategies."
Asked to comment on how bad landlords may benefit from these city contracts, McGinn responded only that HRA considers service providers, not landlords, on their merits before awarding contracts.
HRA did not confirm how many of the more than 300 buildings in the cluster system may be converted to shelters, but stressed that these are the first. Our map of all of the units is here.
A final decision on each of the contracts discussed at this morning's meeting is forthcoming, but here are some preliminary details. (The owner of each building would receive a cut of the contract awarded to the service providers):
$9.89 million to Bronx Parent Housing Network to operate 3001 Briggs Avenue in the Bronx. Would expire June 2020 with an option to renew through June 2026.
$47.5 million to Bronx Parent Housing Network to operate 1838 Vyse Avenue, 1387 Grand Concourse, and 1237-1243 Webster Avenue in the Bronx; $11.75 million to CORE Services Group, Inc. to operate 526 Pennsylvania Avenue in Brooklyn. Would expire June 2020 with an option to renew through June 2026.
Channel 4 have announced the cancellation of Misfits. The fifth series has just started production, and when it airs later this year, will bring the show to a close.
Here's the official blurb, revealing something of what the eight new episodes will contain:
The new series marks the first anniversary of the storm and a support group forms on the estate for those people who find having a superpower isn't all it's cracked up to be. Like… the ability to knit visions of the future, or to shag unwanted powers out of other people (you read that right) or to transform into a turtle. And as Dark Rudy likes to talk-slash-moan, it should come as no surprise that he is the first of our gang to start attending. And it's here that he sees a very different future facing the team – one which could change things forever. Strap on those ankle tags, because this is what you've been waiting for. Our guys are going to have to up their game if they're going to tackle some real life A-grade super-powered vigilantes.
There was talk about a US-based spin-off, but no news of late. That one may be over before it even gotten started. The relative failure of the US Skins and Inbetweeners do-overs probably didn't help.
Misfits creator Howard Overman has a new show starting on BBC this summer. Atlantis is reputed to be in the vein of Merlin and has pre-watershed appeal in the way Misfits never could.
We'll keep you posted on the progress of Misfits series five, and when it's all over, I'm sure you'll be able to find Rich in the bar if you want company when drowning your sorrows.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
A 19-year-old college student who had shown no outward signs of depression killed herself over the weekend at an Eli Lilly & Company laboratory in Indianapolis where she had been participating in a company drug trial for an experimental antidepressant.
The student, Traci Johnson, was one of 25 healthy patients at an Eli Lilly clinic who were being given larger than therapeutic doses of duloxetine, which will be known as Cymbalta if it is introduced as an antidepressant. Four days before her death, Ms. Johnson was taken off Cymbalta and given a placebo.
While Eli Lilly asserted that it had properly screened Ms. Johnson before the study started to ensure that she was healthy and had no mental problems, her death is being used by critics of a popular class of antidepressants to bolster their case that the widely used drugs carry the risk of suicidal tendencies for a small number of people, particularly young people.
Four other patients who were given the drug during earlier trials also committed suicide, the company said. The drug is being tested not only as an antidepressant but also as a possible treatment for stress urinary incontinence.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Johnson's death came less than a week after a federal advisory panel concluded that the Food and Drug Administration should issue stronger warnings to doctors that this class of antidepressants may be linked to suicide and violent behavior in children and teenagers.
Youth Protection Revision Act The emblem of the National Assembly of Korea. National Assembly of South Korea Date passed 19 May 2011 Date commenced 20 November 2011 Status: Current legislation
The Youth Protection Revision Act, commonly known as the Shutdown Law or Cinderella Law, is an act of the South Korean National Assembly which forbids children under the age of sixteen to play online video games between the hours of 00:00 and 06:00. The legislature passed the law on 19 May 2011 and it went into effect on 20 November 2011.
Overview [ edit ]
Between the hours of 00:00 and 06:00, access to online games is blocked for all gamers under the age of sixteen. The law has led those under sixteen to commit identity theft—underage gamers stole resident registration numbers in an effort to elude the law.[1][2][3] The shutdown law targets online games, but does not affect console games and mobile games. Legal challenges against the law were filed by a group of Korean game manufacturers and a cultural organization.[4] Since 2 September 2014, parents can request that their children be exempted from the law.[5]
Constitutionality [ edit ]
Internet game service providers filed a constitutional complaint about the shutdown law. They claimed that parts of the law infringed on the freedom of young people, the freedom of the game provider's occupation, the general freedom of action possessed by youths, and the rights of parents. The Constitutional Court of Korea rejected the complaint.
The court agreed that young people have the right to play video games but that the shutdown law did not infringe on their rights or liberty because video game addiction is detrimental to health. The court stated the rights of parents are not absolute and that the government can exercise control on families in dangerous situations. The court did not agree that the shutdown law unfairly targeted online game providers because online games are more addictive than other types of games.[6]
History [ edit ]
In October 2004, some civic groups called for the government to pass a shutdown law because teenagers needed their sleep. The advocacy groups organized a forum. Kim Jae Gyeong of the Grand National Party (Hannara) proposed the Juvenile Protection Act amendment in 2005. This amendment was an early version of the shutdown law. Game industry lobbyists and actions by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism killed the legislation. The next year, Kim Hi Jeong, of the Grand National Party (Hannara) proposed an "act on preventing and solving internet addiction, including online games". This bill would require games to warn players that the games are addictive and penalize players, especially teens, who play too long. This bill also failed for reasons similar to the 2005 defeat.
On 10 July 2008, Kim Jae Gyeong proposed the Juvenile Protection Act amendment which required online game providers to prohibit teens from playing their games between the hours of 00:00 and 06:00. The amendment set out penalties for game companies who did not comply—up to two years in jail and a fine of up to $10,000. One year later, Cho Yeong Hi, of the United Democratic Party proposed a similar amendment on 22 April 2009. It included the prohibition of online game service to young people from 00:00 to 06:00, required that parents approve the play of online games for teenagers, and required game providers to warn players about internet gaming addiction. The possible punishment for a violation was the same as in the previous proposed amendment.
The Ministry of Culture and Tourism and the Ministry of Gender Equality and Family were to introduce separate shutdown law amendments but decided to work together to develop one amendment that would be accepted by the legislature. They completed their version of the shutdown law bill on 3 June 2010. The shutdown law bill, which was included in the Juvenile Protection Act amendment, was introduced at the South Korea National Assembly plenary session and the bill was passed on 29 April 2011.
The shutdown law went into effect on 20 November 2011. It was applied to every online game in service in South Korea. Teenagers under seventeen years of age were not allowed to play online video games between the hours of 00:00 and 06:00. The law affected some online social games and every online game service that required a resident registration number.
On 24 April 2014, the constitutional court ruled that the shutdown law was constitutional.
Similar laws in other countries [ edit ]
China [ edit ]
In 2007, China introduced an Online Game Addiction Prevention System (Fatigue System). The fatigue system outlined a method to reduce the rewards in games (experience value and item drop rate) after a certain amount of time passed. This method was different than others that proposed forced termination after playing a game for a certain period of time. Once a player reached cumulative three to five hours of play, the game would reduce rewards by 50%. Once a player reached cumulative over five hours of play, the game would not give out any rewards. The fatigue system did not work well and was discarded.
According to the China Internet Network Information Center, the age of first-time Internet access for minors is steadily declining and Internet usage rate for minors is consistently increasing. Additionally, most minors are using Internet and 70% of offenses committed by minors are caused by Internet.[7][8] In 2016, China took steps to reduce the negative impact of the Internet on minors and passed the Minors Internet Protection Ordinance.
The ordinance includes restrictions on nighttime gaming and length of gaming sessions for minors, required online gaming service providers to change rules to reduce addiction, provided for education and guidance of minors, and required manufacturers to install software for the protection of minors.[9]
Thailand [ edit ]
Thailand was the first country to implement a shutdown law beginning in 2003. It banned young people from playing online games between 22:00 and 06:00. However, online game services found it difficult to confirm users—they were unable to connect online game user accounts with real people. Thailand repealed its shutdown law within two years.
Vietnam [ edit ]
Since 2011, Vietnam blocks access to online game between the hours of 22:00 and 8:00 and closed Internet cafes.[clarification needed]
CNN employee DeWayne Walker says that the company has consistently discrimination against him (Image provided by Walker)
A group of black employees are filing a class action suit against Atlanta-based broadcaster CNN, Turner Broadcasting and its parent company Time Warner alleging a pattern of racial discrimination in the workplace.
According to the Rodney Ho of the Atlanta Journal Constitution, lead plaintiff DeWayne Walker and other black employees of the media giant are suing in hopes of breaking a pattern of racial discrimination and retaliation against employees of color who speak out.
Attorney Daniel Meachum sent out a press release Wednesday morning announcing a 10:30 a.m. press conference. Copies of the lawsuit and a list of plaintiffs will be available then.
“As a result of the current discrimination lawsuit filed on behalf of DeWayne Walker vs. CNN, Time Warner & Turner, we have uncovered stories involving abuse of power, nepotism, revenge, retaliation and discrimination,” Meachum said in the release.
Walker sued CNN for the first time in January in a $50 million suit that said during his 13 years of employment with the company, he has been consistently passed over for promotions in favor of white coworkers. When he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, he said, he was targeted by higher-ups for retaliation.
“According to his LinkedIn page, Walker is an integrated marketing manager at CNN,” wrote Ho.
Three other employees have launched suits against CNN over the last few years, Ho said:
In October, 2014, Los Angeles field producer Stanley Wilson filed a $5 million wrongful termination suit against CNN.
filed a $5 million wrongful termination suit against CNN. Former CNN writer/producer Ricky Blalock filed a lawsuit in December 2015 over racial discrimination. He left the company soon after.
filed a lawsuit in December 2015 over racial discrimination. He left the company soon after. In October, 2016, former producer and writer Omar Butcher sued CNN for racial and religious discrimination.
Thus far, CNN has declined to comment on the suit.
× Area of travel
Select a region that best covers your travel plans. The region you choose should include all the countries you are travelling to. For example
- if you are travelling the USA and Europe, you must select Worldwide as this will cover both areas.
- if you are travelling to France and the UK, you must select Europe, Asia and the Middle East as your area/region of travel.
The Americas and Africa Algeria
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica (Cruising)
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Aruba
Ascension Island
Azores
Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Island
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
Colombia
Comoros
Congo, Democratic Republic
Congo, Republic
Costa Rica
Cuba
Dominican Rep.
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
French Guiana
Gambia
Ghana
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Hawaii (Select USA)
Honduras
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Netherlands Antilles
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Puerto Rico
Reunion
Rwanda
Sao Tome and Principe
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Somalia
South Africa
St. Kitts & Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent & Grenadines
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Tanzania
Togo
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Uganda
United States of America
Uruguay
Venezuela
Virgin Islands
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Europe, Asia, and the Middle East Afghanistan
Albania
Andorra
Armenia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Belarus
Belgium
Bhutan
Bosnia
Bulgaria
China
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dubai (Select United Arab Emirates)
Estonia
Faroe Islands
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Korea (north)
Korea (south)
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau (Select China)
Macedonia
Maldives
Malta
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Myanmar (Burma)
Nepal
Netherlands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tajikistan
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
Uzbekistan
Yemen
UK and South East Asia Brunei
Cambodia
England (Select United Kingdom)
Laos
Malaysia
Mongolia
Northern Ireland (Select United Kingdom)
Philippines
Scotland (Select United Kingdom)
Singapore
Taiwan
Thailand
United Kingdom
Vietnam
Wales (Select United Kingdom)
Nutter: NRA has no 'human decency'
Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter ripped the National Rifle Association for using President Barack Obama's two daughters in an ad, declaring it “beyond the bounds of human decency” at a congressional hearing Wednesday.
“As a father, I find it reprehensible, disgusting and beyond the bounds of human decency that the NRA would place an ad on television attacking President Obama's daughters,” Nutter said to applause from the dais at a meeting of the Democratic Steering and Policy Committee, adding: “The NRA has struck a new low and that should be removed immediately.”
Story Continued Below
( PHOTOS: Politicians speak out on gun control)
The NRA released an ad Tuesday night calling the president an “elitist hypocrite” for opposing the NRA's plan to put armed staff in schools while his own daughters are protected by the Secret Service. The White House condemned the ad earlier Wednesday.
Nutter, the president of theU.S. Conference of Mayors, gave the panel of roughly 30 Democrats policy recommendations they largely wanted to hear, endorsing a ban on assault weapons, stronger penalties for straw purchases and the mandatory background checks for private gun sales.
Newtown, Conn. superintendent Janet Robinson also drew applause from the dais after she read the letter a fourth grader named Ava from the beleaguered suburb wrote to House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi asking for a ban on semi-automatic weapons and large capacity magazines.
“In Newtown's municipal center, there are hundreds of thousands of cards and pictures from children and adults from all over America,” Robinson said, reading the letter and holding up a poster with images of the town center. “It's so sad. I think people against changing the gun laws should walk through the long hallway and read one card out of every box and realize how many people want this change.”
While Robinson's original testimony didn't include any policy recommendations, she voiced opposition to arming teachers when asked by members.
“I have great respect for guns,” Robinson said. “My dad used to take to an old ranch in New Mexico and teach me how to shoot. I have great respect for them. … Teachers are teachers. And if you think about elementary teachers, elementary teachers just love kids. They're not gonna go packing and sit on the floor on the rug and read to the kids with a gun at their hip.”
Australia's government says Vegemite sales should be limited in some communities to prevent the yeast-based spread being used to make home-made alcohol.
Nigel Scullion, the indigenous affairs minister, said the spread – which is considered something of a national culinary staple – was a "precursor to misery" in communities suffering from alcohol abuse.
He said he was not proposing a ban but wanted to restrict excessive sales of high-yeast products such as Vegemite in “dry” communities – typically remote Aboriginal townships where alcohol sales are banned.
“Addiction of any type is a concern but communities, especially where alcohol is banned, must work to ensure home brewing of this type does not occur,” he said.
"The government is not seeking to place any restrictions on Vegemite or any other yeast product that may be used in home brew in remote communities ... Businesses in these communities also have a responsibility to report any purchase that may raise their own suspicions."
Vegemite, from the same family of spreads as Marmite, has been produced in Australia since 1923 and its advertising jingles have sometimes been said to be more widely known than the national anthem.
But the spread has been reportedly been linked to at least one death in 2010 involving excessive consumption of a Vegemite-based home-brew.
Tony Abbott, Australia's prime minister, said he did not support a “Vegemite watch” and wanted to avoid excessive regulation of people's lives.
“The last thing I want to do is have a Vegemite watch,” he said.
“Vegemite, quite properly, is for most people a reasonably nutritious spread on your morning toast or on your sandwiches.”
Aboriginal health organisations and police representatives have warned that residents of dry communities have used Vegemite to make home-brew alcohol. Young children have reportedly been consuming home brew alcohol with orange juice and have been too hung over to attend school.
“In indigenous communities I have seen alcohol brewed from many things such as Vegemite,” Ian Leavers, from the police union, told the Courier-Mail newspaper.
“While we cannot just go out and ban everything that could possibly be used to make illegal alcohol, at the same time common sense needs to take place and if people are purchasing large quantities of an item that could be used for brewing illegal ­alcohol, questions should always be asked.”
Mr Scullion said he has begun consulting with community leaders and local stores about efforts to restrict sales of precursors to the production of alcohol.
The surveillance story may have started last week in the U.S. with the leak of several secret surveillance programs including massive surveillance of the metadata from all cellphone calls, but the Canadian questions continue to mount. The U.S. disclosures immediately raised questions about the possibility of Canadian involvement or the inclusion of Canadian data. Given the common communication infrastructure and the similarity between Canadian and U.S. laws, it seemed likely that Canada was engaged in much the same activities.
By Monday, the Globe was reporting that the CSEC has its own metadata surveillance program with approval granted through a ministerial directive from Defence Minister Peter MacKay in 2011. When questioned about the issue, MacKay sought to assure Canadians that the surveillance only involved foreign communications. Despite those assurances, the questions have continued to mount:
How much U.S. collected data is shared with Canadian agencies? Liberal MP Wayne Easter, who was a cabinet minister with responsibility for CSIS in 2002-03, told the Toronto Star that such sharing was common, providing a back-door way to access information. Was the metadata surveillance program halted for several years as the Globe reported or was it always operational? The Toronto Star reported that Wesley Wark believes the program was never stopped. The CSEC 2010-11 Annual Report suggests that some activities were halted. Who actually knows the specifics on the metadata program? The Globe reports today that Senator Hugh Segal, the chair of the parliamentary anti-terrorism committee, was unaware of the details of the program. What level of cooperation exists with Canadian telecom companies? They aren't talking, prevented from doing so by gag orders that keep their participation largely secret. The CSEC 2006-07 annual report indicated that there was a review of CSEC use of metadata underway. What happened to that review? How extensive is the CSEC activities on metadata? The organization is currently recruiting data mining specialists and data mining is a key research focus for its Tutte Institute for Mathematics and Computing. In fact, Bill Robinson pointed out the CSEC's emphasis on data mining as far back as 2007. Does the CSEC even believe that metadata surveillance constitutes an intercept? Robinson notes that in 2007, then CSE Chief John Adams seemed to argue that it would not. This is particularly relevant given that the law requires permission for surveillance of private communications. As Craig Forcese notes, if the scope of metadata is limited, no permission would be needed. Does the CSEC believe that there is a reasonable expectation of privacy for metadata? The government tried to downplay the privacy significance of IP addresses during the fight over lawful access (Bill C-30). Would it try to argue that the metadata does not enjoy privacy protections? Forcese raises the Charter of Rights issues that hang in the balance. What does Privacy Commissioner of Canada Jennifer Stoddart know? What is she prepared to do as part of a promised investigation? Will the office use its audit power to also focus on the major Canadian telecom companies? How have Canadian courts addressed these issues? Reported cases are heavily redacted.
So far, there are many questions but few answers.
The Taliban's move come as the US orders more troops to Afghanistan [GALLO/GETTY]
The Taliban's move come as the US orders more troops to Afghanistan [GALLO/GETTY]
The Afghan Taliban told Al Jazeera said they had no need for the help of Pakistani fighters and do not recognise their leadership.
The Pakistani army has been conducting a campaign against the Taliban in that region for several months and the offensive is believed to have pushed many of Taliban fighters in the area to flee.
There are thought to be as many as 10,000 fighters in South Waziristan, including hundreds of Uzbek fighters.
'Confident performance'
The Pakistani military estimates it has killed about 600 Taliban fighters, but in his interview Rehman claimed to have lost fewer than 20 men.
"We have not noticed any significant movement of insurgents in the border area" Colonel Wayne Shanks,
US military spokesman in Afghanistan
Imran Khan, Al Jazeera's correspondent in Islamabad, said Rehman's interview was likely an attempt to play down the effects of the military's offensive in South Waziristan.
"They're saying here that the Taliban is putting a spin on it - it's a confident performance, but they've been forced into Afghanistan by the offensive [in South Waziristan]," he said.
"This is the Taliban saying we've not been forced by the Pakistani army, we're going across voluntarily."
The Associated Press interview with Rehman was conducted at a mud-brick compound in the Shaktoi area of South Waziristan on Monday.
The news agency also quoted Colonel Wayne Shanks, a US military spokesman in Afghanistan, as dismissing Rehman's comments as simply "rhetoric".
"We have not noticed any significant movement of insurgents in the border area," he said.
Army targeted
Imtiaz Gul, an expert on the Pakistani Taliban, said that Rehman's comment's needed to be taken "with a pinch of salt".
"If we look at the track record of the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan [the Pakistani Taliban, or TTP], they have been exclusively concentrating on targeting Pakistani army, Pakistani people and government installations," he told Al Jazeera.
"If Walid Rehman Mehsud has made this claim, this indicates perhaps a change in tactic or an attempt to divert attention from the TTP.
"Especially after the sweeping operation the army has conducted, they probably want to send a reassuring signal to their supporters that they are very much alive and kicking."
In his interview Rehman also said his group would stop attacking Pakistani forces if Pakistan would sever its ties to the US.
"We would again become Pakistan's brother if Pakistan ends its support for America," he was quoted as saying.
He urged the US president to focus on concerns at home, saying: "He should know that Americans don't want war ... He should use this money for the welfare of his own people."
Samsung has revealed that the Galaxy S7 and the S7 edge will skip Android 7.0 Nougat and jump straight to Android 7.1.1, but it seems like that might not be the case for Vodafone Australia. According to a Vodafone Australia representative, the Galaxy S7 Nougat update the carrier is testing is 7.0, not 7.1.1.
Two weeks ago, we reported that Samsung will skip Android 7.0 altogether and upgrade the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge to 7.1.1, in response to a Galaxy beta program user's suggestion. That's good news for a lot of us, given that Android 7.1.1 Nougat is the latest version of Android, and we might as well get the latest build when it's no secret that Samsung devices take forever to get updates.
Well, unfortunately for some, Vodafone Australia seems to have a plan of its own: according to a representative named Kirsty, it is now confirmed that the Australian carrier is testing Android 7.0 for the S7 duo:
I've checked in with the right people for… and they've confirmed the references to Samsung skipping 7.0 refer to other markets and not to Australia. We're definitely testing 7.0 for both devices.
Now, Google announced Android 7.1.1 early this month, and if Vodafone is still testing Samsung's build, the Nougat update will probably get to S7 users early 2017. So who knows when Android 7.1.1 will hit? For all we know, it could be another few months, and by then there will have been higher builds. All in all, Vodafone's decision ultimately doesn't really make sense for us consumers.
Google announced Android 7.1.1 early this month, and if Vodafone is still testing Samsung's build, the Nougat update will probably get to S7 users early 2017. So who knows when Android 7.1.1 will hit?
Are you disappointed by the news? What suggestions do you have for Samsung? Let us know by leaving a comment here!
It was bad enough, as I wrote here last August, that the Internal Revenue Service appeared to reach an agreement to monitor the pulpits of ill-favored churches. What's worse is that the IRS, directly counter to Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requirements, steadfastly has refused to make public key documents pertaining to that decision.
Advertisement
Advertisement
So the IRS, acting with the whole power of government behind it, seems to be saying it can monitor and presumably punish churches for the content of their sermons, but the churches can't know exactly if, how, and why they are being monitored.
RELATED: The House Takes On IRS Lawlessness
To fight this combined assault on religious liberty and on government transparency, conservative legal stalwarts Alliance Defending Freedom (ADF) and Judicial Watch together filed suit April 9 to force release of the IRS documents. ADF asserts that the IRS already has shared the documents with the atheist Freedom From Religion Foundation (FFRF). Once again, the IRS bends over backwards on behalf of leftists while harassing and ignoring the rights, on multiple levels, of conservative groups or faith communities.
And if the IRS continues to flout FOIA, we ought to treat its obstinacy as a major scandal. Then again, the IRS's connivance with FFRF is itself a scandalous and deliberate trampling of our founding freedom of religious exercise and expression, guaranteed by the First Amendment.
Advertisement
#related#The controversy arose when FFRF sued the IRS to force it to monitor churches (the IRS apparently monitored at least 99 churches) for alleged lack of compliance with rules against express electioneering by nonprofit organizations. As executive agencies under Barack Obama so often have done, the IRS reached a friendly settlement to dismiss the suit. FFRF was so pleased with the settlement that it claimed, in a headline: “Anti-church electioneering victory is final.” FFRF described how it achieved its “major victory”:
FFRF agreed to voluntarily dismiss its closely watched federal lawsuit against the IRS after being given evidence that the IRS has authorized procedures and “signature authority” to resume initiating church tax investigations and examinations.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The ADF, on behalf of threatened churches, merely demanded through FOIA that the IRS share that same “evidence” with it, including details about the new “procedures.” Pretty basic stuff. Not only does the public in general have the right to know the basis for and substance of a federal agency's procedures, but the parties directly affected (or targeted) by those procedures, as per a legal settlement, are especially entitled to that information. That's the law. It's also Common Sense 101.
In an August 28, 2014, letter to ADF attorney Christiana Holcomb, IRS “tax law specialist” Bonnie Mullins acknowledged that the ordinary deadline for compliance with ADF's FOIA demand was a day earlier, on August 27, and that she had exercised supposed authority to extend that deadline by ten business days, to September 11, “after which you can file suit.” But even at the start of that extension, Mullins wrote that she did not expect to be able “to locate and consider release of the requested records by Sept. 11, 2014, [so] we have extended the response date to Sept. 29, 2014 when we believe we can provide a final response.”
But no response came in September. Or October. Or November. The IRS instead continued to stonewall. On January 29, a new “tax law specialist,” Corinna Smith, wrote to Holcomb to say that while she (Smith) had on November 26 “asked for more time to obtain the records you requested,” she now “need[ed] additional time to March 31, 2015.” Smith concluded: “I will contact you by March 31, 2015 if I am still unable to complete your request.”
Advertisement
Holcomb told me there are two problems with that. First, ADF never received any November request for “more time” (nor was it warranted by law, and neither was there an explanation why nor when Smith had taken the case from Mullins). Second, March 31 came and went without the promised further contact from Smith, or Mullins, or anybody else from the IRS. Thus, even though the IRS originally acknowledged that the ordinary statute of limitations for complying with FOIA was August 27, 2014, and that the legally allowed extension ran out on September 11, 2014, the agency now has allowed more than seven months to pass beyond the legal deadline — without justification, indeed without any explanation other than a mere statement that it needed more time.
And the IRS now has violated even the latest deadline it set for itself, after its first illegal extension, without even bothering to give further notice that it is doing so.
Advertisement
Advertisement
“They have stonewalled month after month,” Holcomb said.
This is the same government confiscation-machine–cum–​star-chamber that will and does impose severe fines on ordinary Americans for missing a single tax-filing deadline and that will garnish the wages (effectively at the point of a gun) of anybody who won't pay those fines. If the IRS's own standards were applied to “tax law specialist” Mullins, Smith, or any other personnel involved in the suit with FFRF or the decision to “authorize procedures” for monitoring churches, it is conceivable that those individuals might now be subject to criminal prosecution.
Comparing the current impasse to the concurrent but unrelated scandal involving the IRS's targeting and abusive treatment of conservative groups involved in the public-policy process, Judicial Watch president Tom Fitton said this in a press release:
For two years, the administration has been hiding information on the IRS's targeting of Obama's political opponents. It is certainly in the public's interest to know what the new IRS guidelines are for investigating a basic First Amendment right.
Advertisement
Completely apart from the administrative law-breaking, it is that First Amendment right that remains the nub of the underlying case. The public has been bombarded in recent weeks with stories of battles about the limits of private expressions of faith in the business world. What the IRS apparently is doing, at the atheist group's request, attacks faith at an even more fundamental level than that: inside the churches' own doors, at their very pulpits.
As Thomas Jefferson wrote in 1808, “I consider the government of the U.S. as interdicted by the Constitution from intermeddling with religious institutions, their doctrines, disciplines, or exercises.”
Surely, if a government agency is monitoring religious institutions in a way that could lead to such intermeddling, the public deserves an explanation of how, why, when, and where such monitoring is taking place. But this is Obama's IRS. It seems to think it answers to nobody. The courts must disabuse it of that virtually criminal notion, with every power at the courts' disposal.
— Quin Hillyer is a contributing editor of National Review Online. Follow him on Twitter: @QuinHillyer.
Barack Obama, the US president, has rolled out a new defence strategy to shrink the country's armed forces at a time of tight budgets, but also promised to maintain his country as the world's dominant military power.
"Our military will be leaner but the world must know - the United States is going to maintain our military superiority with armed forces that are agile, flexible and ready for the full range of contingencies and threats," Obama told a news briefing at the Pentagon on Thursday.
Emphasising the US presence in the Asia-Pacific region, where there is growing rivalry with an increasingly
assertive China, Obama also said the military would remain vigilant in the Middle East.
US troops last month completed their withdrawal from Iraq, which was invaded in 2003 to topple Saddam Hussein, and are winding down their presence in Afghanistan.
"We'll be strengthening our presence in the Asia Pacific, and budget reductions will not come at the expense of this critical region," he said.
"As we look beyond the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan - and the end of long-term, nation-building with large military footprints - we'll be able to ensure our security with smaller conventional ground forces."
Reliance on unmanned drones
Al Jazeera's Rosiland Jordan, reporting from Washington, said: "We are going to see a shift after more than 60 years of the US being very concerned about security issues in Europe with an eye on the former Soviet Union.
"Even though the US is not going to leave NATO, it is going to be shifting much of its security posture away from Europe and more towards Asia Pacific region."
Alexander Huang, a professor at the Graduate Institute of International Affairs and Strategic Studies at Taiwan's Tamkang University, told Al Jazeera that the new US defence strategy would definitely have an effect on Chinese-US relations.
"The new focus on Asia-Pacific is targeting China for sure and the Chinese leaders would definitely understand that," he said.
How the new US defence strategy impacts Europe
"Some sectors in Beijing may see this move as the US viewing China as an enemy, which will further complicate relations between the two."
Huang said that over the last few years China had greatly improved its capability in anti-access and aerial denial, "which is a direct challenge to the US forces in the Western Pacific".
Jordan said: "We are also going to see much more reliance on unmanned drones used both for surveillance and for attacks because it doesn't take nearly as many people to operate drones and to carry out this sort of missions as it does to have a full-scale ground force taking part in some sort of military action."
South Korea on Friday said that it supports the new US defence strategy, claiming it was a clear signal of US commitment to the region.
"The US defence ministry will put boosting economic and security benefit of the Asia-Pacific region as its first priority, and will recognise South Korea and other allies as the core nations for security in the Asia-Pacific region and strengthen security cooperation," said Kim Kwan-bin, deputy minister for National Defence Policy at the South Korean Defence Ministry, during a news briefing in Seoul.
Ron Matthews, from the Institute of Defence and Strategic Studies in Singapore, told Al Jazeera that the defence strategy announced by Obama was not something fundamentally new.
"This is a policy which has been progressing over the last two or three decades," he said.
"What we're looking at now is the recognition of the difficulty of financing war on a global scale, and rationalising down-sizing their forces."
Regarding the US focus on Asia Pacific, he said: "What you'll be looking at is the Americans seeking to expand the technology gap which they have and enjoy already against China, and other emerging nations, that also are seeking to pursue this new type of doctrinal warfare.
"If you consider that in Asia-Pacific where, in the future, the majority of trade and national income is going to be generated, then the Americans have a responsibility to project their sources of energy and trade, along with their allies, and they'll do this by focusing much more on naval and air capabilities, rather than land-based forces."
Restore balance
Obama, focused on boosting economic growth and curbing stubbornly high US unemployment as he fights for re-election in November, said that ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan was an opportunity to rebalance national spending priorities after a decade of conflict.
Noting the defence budget had witnessed "extraordinary" growth after the September 11, 2001, attacks on the US, Obama said that pace of spending would slow but continue to grow.
"I firmly believe, and I think the American people understand, that we can keep our military strong, and our
nation secure, with a defence budget that continues to be larger than roughly the next 10 countries combined," he said.
Obama has already earmarked defence budget cuts of $489bn over 10 years. The defence budget faces an additional
$600bn in cuts after Congress failed to agree to broad deficit reduction after an August 2011 debt ceiling deal.
The president's budget proposal for 2013 will be published in early February.
"Some will no doubt say the spending reductions are too big; others will say they're too small," Obama said.
"After a decade of war, and as we rebuild the sources of our strength - at home and abroad - it's time to restore that balance."
The Zika virus made headlines worldwide over the last few years, though news on its outbreak has slowed down in recent months. Zika is transmitted via mosquitoes and sexual contact, and it causes flu-like fever and aches. It's a particularly worrying disease because it causes microcephaly in babies if their mothers contract Zika while pregnant.
This occurs because Zika has the ability to cross the placental barrier, even though other related viruses cannot. A recent study published in PNAS describes the mechanism that this virus may be using to cross this barrier—Zika is able to infect the cells that line blood vessel walls, which are a major part of the placenta. The research also identifies the protein on the cells' surface that Zika latches onto, a revelation that provides avenues for developing potential treatments.
Zika is part of a genus of viruses known as the flaviviruses; other members of this group include Dengue and West Nile. All of these can cause serious health consequences, but only Zika causes microcephaly in the fetuses of infected mothers. Fetuses aren't afflicted by many maternal infections, because the placenta provides a barrier that many pathogens are unable to cross. The placenta is an effective barrier because it separates the maternal blood from the fetus', using tissue that is partially made up of fetal endothelial cells, which line the blood vessels on the fetal side of the barrier.
The authors of this paper were interested in how flaviviruses interacted with these fetal endothelial cells. They began by culturing human umbilical endothelial cells in a petri dish and then added some Zika, Dengue, or West Nile virus. Zika was able to infect these cells while Dengue and West Nile could not.
The researchers checked the fetal cells for expression of a variety of proteins flaviviruses used to latch on to cells. A protein called AXL was the only one that was present. The researchers went on to show that antibodies that bind to the AXL protein prevented Zika from entering cells. These antibodies had no effect on Dengue and West Nile viruses when they were used to infecting other cell types. The antibodies also had no effect on other viruses that can cross the placental barrier, like influenza.
The authors note that though their study didn't find AXL-dependent infection for other flaviviruses (Dengue and West Nile), previous studies showed that these viruses bound to AXL. They suggest that this discrepancy may be because studies sometimes use different types of cells to cultivate the viruses; it's possible that this kind of experimental variation could lead to different findings.
Knowing which protein participates in Zika's binding to endothelial cells provides scientists with additional targets for future antiviral therapies. Moving forward, more research is needed on the interaction of the Zika virus with the AXL receptor, so we can learn whether it can be blocked without altering AXL's normal function.
PNAS, 2017. DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1620558114 (About DOIs)
Anklepants delivers his infection selection for Ikimasho!
Ikimasho! cordially invites you to meet Anklepants – the first of many faces of Dr. Reecard Farché, the devious mastermind and shapeshifting convict bred deep in the darkwood of the Australian bush that later absconded to Rise to the Summit of the übergründé.
Born in 2008 but producing music in many forms for over a decade beforehand, Anklepants has steadily released over 20 singles, EPs and full-length albums on his own Qwerty Records imprint, with more recent releases on Love Love Records and Detroit Underground. Actively performing all over Europe over the past five years in support of diverse artists such as Christian Fennesz, Dopplereffekt, Luke Vibert, and Lory D, he's just back from his first invasion of the US – with UK and Australian parties planned later this year.
In the run-up to his forthcoming release – Social-Patching-And The pixel Pageant Facéd Boy – I asked Farché what he thinks of Japan, as well as to throw me a bunch of videos of stuff that he's into. And if you're not familiar with Anklepants, well… check out the video below. Enjoy. (Incidentally, the first Ikimasho! pic he sent me was a bit too insane so I bailed on featuring it. Mail me if you wanna see it.)
Anklepants' new 2xLP Social-Patching-And The pixel Pageant Facéd Boy is released on 14 September on Love Love Records.
http://reecardfarche.com/
ON JAPAN
“I would love to travel to Japan, there is nothing I'm not interested in about the place and culture … , i would love to play there , and i think they may love or hate myfacé ..there have been some offers to go there but none have turned out so far.
“Yes of course my music is influenced by japan , most of the electronic instruments used in todays electronic music are or direct descendants of their classic drum machines and synthesisers , these machines have pretty much shaped the direction of most contemporary electronic music in my opinion , whether we are talking about melodic content or rhythmically, these devices have set the guidelines that most people work within or strive to break from today ..
“Aside from this realm I'm also very interested in Japanese scales / temperaments , and have used Japanese scales such as Hirajoshi on some of my new unreleased music.”
IKIMASHO! YOUTUBE SESSIONS: ANKLEPANTS
Harry Partch the Outsider
“If everyone watched this the world would be a nicer place.”
A child said, What is the grass?
“Cris Forsters book, Musical Mathematics, is the key to the universe.”
윤은자 거문고 공연 수궁풍류
“Korean sanjo <3”
Last Dominion Lost – Stagma
“A music video i made for Last Dominion Lost a few months ago, everyone should check this band and its members out especially if you're of rouge convict blood.”
William Basinski – Cascade
“Pretty much god.”
Darryl Pandy
“Pretty much also god.”
Ferdi Tayfur Mapushane-Avrupa Konseri
“also god”
Einstürzende Neubauten Sehnsucht
“”Pretty much Berlin ay”
Cocteau Twins Pink Orange Red
“god”
Tal Farlow and Lenny Breau – Cherokee
“god”
Dalis Car – His Box
“god”
VENETIAN SNARES
SUBMERSE
JODEY KENDRICK
MONOLAKE
BOCHUM WELT
TELEFON TEL AVIV
DMX KREW
ULTRADEMON
EOD / CN
D'ARCANGELO: REPHLEX SPECIAL
SYNKRO
PAULA TEMPLE
KLUTE
AMBASSADEURS
ANKLEPANTS
BOARDS OF CANADA TOKYO TRANSMISSION
