The regular deer and bear hunting seasons opened at sunrise today and run through Sunday, Dec. 7.
Buy Photo A buck. (Photo: Spencer Ainsley/Poughkeepsie Journal )Buy Photo
A Dutchess County man hunting in Stormville injured a second hunter today after firing at a dead deer being hauled out of a wooded area, according to East Fishkill police.
The second hunter, also from Dutchess, had killed a deer and was using a cart to remove it from property off Meads Lane, on Stormville Mountain, owned by the New York City Department of Environmental Protection, said Kevin Keefe, chief of the East Fishkill Police Department. The first hunter saw the deer moving, thought it was alive, fired and struck the first hunter in the hand and buttocks. The injured hunter was taken to Danbury Hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
The incident occurred at about 10:25 a.m. One hunter was from Wappingers Falls, the other was from Beacon. No further information was available.
Keefe said East Fishkill police assisted the state Department of Environmental Conservation police, who have jurisdiction over the incident because the state regulates hunting. The regular deer and bear southern zone hunting seasons opened at sunrise today and run through Sunday, Dec. 7.
Read or Share this story: http://pojonews.co/1uxTDUR
Using ESPN's FPI (Football Power Index) as a guide, Auburn has a 83.8 percent chance to beat Kansas State on Thursday.
Auburn looks to respond to first road test vs. Kansas State
Auburn hasn't been tested yet, winning by 24 points and 46 points respectively in its first two games. It now travels to Manhattan, Kan. to take on a testy Wildcat team that is looking to spoil the season of the No. 5 ranked Tigers.
Gus Malzahn has a lot of veteran players who played in hostile road games last season, but he's reminded fans and the media publicly that this is a different team and will be a good measurement for where the 2014 edition of the Auburn Tigers are. This game got a little tougher for the Tigers on Wednesday night, when news broke that safety Jermaine Whitehead did not travel with the team to Manhattan and will not play Thursday night.
Auburn faces a very good quarterback in Jake Waters, who leads the team in both passing and rushing yards. He's coming off a game against Iowa State in which he threw for over 200 yards and rushed for over 130 yards in the Wildcats win over the Cyclones.
Malzahn has said the Tigers still need to play faster on offense, so expect him to use tempo to take the crowd out of the game early. Auburn possesses arguably the best rushing attack in the country, averaging over 300 yards per game on the ground.
A win over K-State on Thursday night would likely cement the Tigers as a serious candidate to make the College Football Playoff.
Damascus, SANA- Military spokesman of the Syrian Arab army said that the Syrian Army in cooperation with the Army's Air Force successfully continued their operations against dens and gatherings of terrorist organizations in Eastern Ghouta, Homs, Hama, Lattakia and Aleppo countryside.
The military spokesman said in a statement that army units established full control over al-Majbal area in Harasta and broke the defensive lines of the terrorist organization in Nouleh town in the Eastern Ghouta, killing a number of terrorists.
The statement added that army units eliminated a terrorist group while they were infiltrating from Zqaq valley towards Bard village in the eastern countryside of Daraa and destroyed their fortifications in Atman town in the northern countryside of Daraa.
In the northern countryside of Homs, the military source said that army units in cooperation with popular defense groups established control over the area extending from south of the entrance of Iza'aa , Gherbal, al-Qanatri, the southern part of Teir Ma'ala town, killing a number of terrorists, injuring others and continued advance in their operations towards Jwalik, Sneisel, Teir ma'ala and al-Ghantou.
Army units destroyed four Picks Up vehicles equipped with machine guns for terrorist organizations in al-Haiya Mountain in al-Baiyarat and munitions' depot in Um Sharshouh and some vehicles equipped with machine guns to the north of Abu al-Sanasel hill.
In Hama countryside, army units advanced in al-Mansoura town and killed 15 terrorist, destroyed four vehicles equipped with machine guns and five vehicles and seized an armored vehicle, according to the military spokesman who added that two vehicles equipped with 23mm machine gun were destroyed and a number of terrorists were killed in al-Farak hill in the north western countryside of Hama.
A convoy for ISIS terrorist organization was targeted in al-Raheel farm in Um Khdeij in the eastern countryside of Hama near Salamiyeh destroying 23 various vehicles and killing 45 terrorists, added the source.
In Lattakia countryside, army units expanded their control towards Jub al-Ahmar, Salma area and the mountains surrounding it in the northern countryside of Lattakia, killing more than 300 terrorists and destroying a number of vehicles equipped with machine guns in Salma and the area surrounding Bradoun Dam.
Other army units in cooperation with popular defense groups continued their operations in the southern countryside of Aleppo on various axes after establishing control over towns and villages of Blas, Tal al-Zahmoul, al-Dabaghat, al-Shaheed hill, al-Wadeehi and the area surrounding it, al-Qadara, al-Hweijeh, Kafar Obeid, al-Sbeihiyeh, al-Sabqiyeh = to the north of Abteen town.
The military spokesman said that army units established control over al-Jaberiyeh, Tal al-Sabien villages and their surroundings and destroyed munitions' depot in al-Khateeb square, killing 20 terrorists in kafarKar in Aleppo countryside.
The military spokesman emphasized that the successful operations by the military forces and the heavy losses in the ranks of the terrorist organizations triggered a collapse in the morale of terrorists while some of them fled towards the Turkish borders.
Qabas/ Manal
NEW YORK/LONDON (Reuters) - Oil surged above $91 a barrel to its highest price in more than two years on Thursday, as OPEC member Libya's apparent lack of concern overprices prompted some analysts to call for a new year's run at $100.
With crude reaching back-to-back 26-month highs, ultra-cold weather stoking demand and depleting U.S. stockpiles at the fastest pace in 12 years, traders are now looking for the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to signal when it might begin pumping more crude.
But Libya's top oil official, one of OPEC's most hawkish members toward oil prices, appeared unconcerned by the gains, which have lifted prices more than 20 percent in three months as fundamentals turn more positive and investors factor in an improving economic outlook for next year.
“It's fair to say it (the price) is about right, but still I think that it needs to improve a little bit more. About $100 would be a fair price for the time being,” Libya's National Oil Corp Chairman Shokri Ghanem told Reuters in Cairo ahead of a meeting of Arab oil exporting countries.
“I think current oil prices are reflecting the situation in the market which is a well-balanced market,” he said.
U.S. crude for February rose $1.03 to settle at $91.51 a barrel, the highest price since October 7, 2008 when oil prices were crashing from their $147 record as the world's financial industry reeled and investors fled risky assets. Prices hit an intraday peak of $91.63 a barrel.
ICE Brent crude settled at $94.25, up 60 cents from Wednesday after a midsession burst of gains triggered by buy-stops and as the dollar fell.
Although some said low trading volume on the last day before Christmas likely exaggerated gains, few expected to see a correction as traders looked forward to a fresh infusion of institutional investment in the booming commodities sector. U.S. crude traded about 220,000 contracts, one-third the norm.
“I don't think we'll pull back much before February. We'll see some fund allocations next month so we should continue to see support,” said Antoine Halff of Newedge Group in New York.
So far economic news is supporting the gains too. Data on Thursday showed new U.S. claims for jobless benefits dipped last week and consumer spending increased in November for a fifth straight month, reinforcing views of a solid economic growth pace in the fourth quarter.
And while gasoline prices now back above $3 a gallon could begin to erode spending in the still fragile U.S. economy, the fact that they remain far below their $4 peak two years ago suggests they will not pack the same psychological punch.
NOT THE SAME MARKET AS 2008
Nearly three years after oil first traded at $100, demand is again rising swiftly, but one key factor has changed significantly. Unlike the start of 2008, when OPEC was already pumping flat out, the group now has a sizable amount of idle capacity it could use to douse the rally — if it chooses.
A series of comments in recent months suggest the cartel is now ready to tolerate a price higher than the $70-to-$80 band it has publicly supported for the past two years, and analysts say that means it may wait too long before pumping more oil.
“With OPEC set to be reactive rather than proactive, the route to $100 appears fairly unobstructed at this time,” said analysts at Barclays Capital.
Oil traders will be looking for comments this weekend from other core Gulf OPEC ministers to see if they are more concerned than they were two weeks ago when the group decided at its meeting in Quito, Ecuador, to maintain supply quotas.
The meeting of the Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries (OAPEC) in Cairo will not set policy, and OPEC's next formal meeting is not scheduled until June.
But some analysts say they expect the group to quietly lift output prior to that by leaking more oil than quotas permit, and few expect a rerun of 2008's explosive rise.
“We're not back to before the 2008 crisis, this is not the same market... We have a lot more spare capacity, and demand growth is tentative,” said Halff.
FASTEST DRAW IN THE WEST
Unusually cold weather in the United States and Europe has helped to spur the latest leg of a more than 30 percent rally from this year's low struck in May.
Related Coverage Analysis: Oil price rise unlikely to slow developing growth
After a contraction in demand following the global economic recession, fuel use has begun to rebound and is expected to continue growing next year, taking absolute oil consumption to an all-time high. But the rate of growth will still be lower than a peak hit in 2004.
“Markets still have an upward bias. They just took out the recent and earlier highs and ran a few stops. Economic optimism, cold weather and crude stock drawdown are supporting in the background,” said Tom Bentz, broker at BNP Paribas Commodity Futures in New York.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption George Osborne: "British people should play British taxes in Britain and now they will"
Permanent non-dom tax status will be abolished from April 2017, Chancellor George Osborne has announced.
The reform does not eliminate the tax status, but individuals who have lived in the UK for 15 of the past 20 years will lose the right to claim it.
The non-domicile rule allows some wealthy UK residents to limit the tax paid on earnings outside the country.
The chancellor said changes to the non-dom rules would bring in an additional £1.5bn in annual tax revenue.
'Not fair'
The changes to the non-dom system would also mean that, from April 2017, somebody who is born in the UK to UK-domiciled parents would no longer be able to claim non-dom status if they moved away from the UK but then returned and took up residency in the UK.
The government also announced that from April 2017, new rules would be introduced so that everyone who owns UK residential property and would otherwise pay inheritance tax on the property cannot avoid the tax by holding it in an offshore company. It said this would limit "abuses" of the rule by some who have non-dom status.
"It is not fair that non-doms with residential property here in the UK can put it in an offshore company and avoid inheritance tax. From now on they will pay the same tax as everyone else," said Mr Osborne.
The chancellor said he had decided not to abolish the non-dom tax status completely because it "would cost the country money", adding many individuals that took advantage of the tax status "make a considerable contribution to public life".
But he added: "It is not fair that people live in this country for very long periods of their lives, benefit from our public services, and yet operate under different tax rules from everyone else."
Separately, the chancellor said HM Revenue & Customs would also receive an extra £750m to pursue tax evasion.
Mr Osborne said the additional funding would help HMRC officials raise £7.2bn in extra tax by 2020.
Image copyright Getty Images
Budget in depth
July 2015 Budget full BBC online coverage
BBC Budget Live
HM Treasury links to Budget documents
Skip to comments.
Zero protection from nuclear code (under 2 Dem Admins, nuclear launch code set to 00000000)
The Guardian ^ | Thursday June 17, 2004 | Oliver Burkeman in Washington
Posted on by dead
In the darkest days of the Cold War, as the world trembled on the brink of nuclear conflict, one thing above all stood in the way of catastrophe: the secret eight-digit access number required to launch the US's arsenal of intercontinental ballistic missiles.
Without that vital obstacle, anybody - a crazed military commander, or a terrorist - might have been able to spark a conflict that would have killed millions.
For the sake of our sanity, then, perhaps it is best that we have had to wait until now to discover that for many years, according to an expert closely involved in the process, the eight digits in question were 00000000.
"The codes were the only real mechanical or technical impediment to the crews launching missiles," said Bruce Blair, who worked as a launch officer in a nuclear missile silo in Montana. "And they were all set to zero. The safeguard was non-functional."
Mr Blair, now president of the Centre for Defence Information, a Washington think tank, said he recently revealed the information to Robert McNamara, secretary of defence during the Kennedy and Johnson administrations. He said Mr McNamara responded he was shocked and outraged, and asked: "Who the hell authorised that?"
The codes were set to zero because they were so deeply disliked by the military, Mr Blair argues in a document from the centre. He says Mr McNamara "basically forced" the system on senior commanders, who were far more concerned with eliminating anything that might slow down their otherwise lightning-fast response to a Soviet attack.
Mr Blair and one other colleague were in a position to fire up to 50 Minuteman missiles at the Soviet Union.
Steven Bellovin, a researcher for AT&T who has studied launch codes, said he was puzzled by Mr Blair's revelations, and suggested he was confusing two sets of codes, one to detonate the nuclear bomb and one to launch the missile containing the bomb.
The Guardian
TOPICS:
Foreign Affairs
Front Page News
Government
News/Current Events
KEYWORDS:
To: dead
"15 Minutes of Fame" alert.....
To: dead
"Steven Bellovin, a researcher for AT&T who has studied launch codes, said he was puzzled by Mr Blair's revelations, and suggested he was confusing two sets of codes, one to detonate the nuclear bomb and one to launch the missile containing the bomb."
So the explanation defusing this "scandal" is perhaps provided in the very last sentence: either the launch code or the detonate code was NOT 00000000, so the whole premise of the story is shattered.
To: dead
They must have messed up the editing on this story - there is no attempt to blame it on Bush.
To: Steve_Seattle
Well, the former launch officer claims he could launch them, and the ATT researcher says he couldn't. Just depends on who you believe.
by 5 posted onby dead (I've got my eye out for Mullah Omar.)
To: dead
...suggested he was confusing two sets of codes, one to detonate the nuclear bomb and one to launch the missile containing the bomb. Maybe the codes were alphanumeric, and the other set consisted of eight capital "O"s. That would explain the confusion...
To: dead
I would imagine, the last thing someone would try would be 00000000. But it was still retarded.
by 7 posted onby smith288 (Ronald went to touch the face of God. Goodbye, Mr President.)
To: dead
Mr Blair and one other colleague were in a position to fire up to 50 Minuteman missiles at the Soviet Union. There is a definite smell test problem with this story. Perhaps it was true at his site, perhaps not. In light of the nature and presumed gravity of the story, I would expect a better writeup, better details about the scope of the claim (does it apply to all nuclear weapons, a strategic command, or just this guy's silo?), and, of course, an official investigation. Since we still have nuclear weapons in service, I would say this matter deserves some scrutiny. As for Steve Bellovin, he's a god in the Unix world, and I would not dismiss his opinions or critique likely. Bellovin I know about. Blair? Never heard of him.
by 8 posted onby Imal (Bill Clinton was the man who brought the dignity of The Jerry Springer Show to the U.S. presidency.)
To: Steve_Seattle
The "Center for Defense Information" is a radical left-wing pacifist outfit, so the whole story is likely bogus.
To: Imal
As for Steve Bellovin, he's a god in the Unix world, and I would not dismiss his opinions or critique likely. Bellovin I know about. Blair? Never heard of him. Per the story, Blair was a Minute Man missile launch officer. If true, his knowledge and experience vis-a-vis the Minute Man missile system would seem to trump any of your software deities.
To: dead
You can bet the guy who came up with it logs into his PC with his password set to "password."
To: All
Surely, I cannot be the only Freeper who lived in a hole in the Midwest during the cold war.
I was a BMAT in a TITAN II hole.
This entire story is rubbish: First, there was an authentication code. Then, a 2nd code was derived from that. Then the BMAT (enlisted) used both codes to derive his/her code that actually activated the missile.
That sure seems like a hell of a lot of work to get to "00000000".
by 12 posted onby baltodog (There are three kinds of people: Those who can count, and those who can't.)
To: smith288
I would imagine, the last thing someone would try would be 00000000. But it was still retarded. It's almost as bad as something some a**hole would use for his luggage!
by 13 posted onby freedumb2003 (I want to die in my sleep like Gramps -- not yelling and screaming like those in his car)
To: dead
HELMET: So the combination is one, two, three, four, five. That's the stupidest combination I've ever heard in my life. That's the kinda thing an idiot would have on his luggage.
by 14 posted onby Puppage (You may disagree with what I have to say, but I shall defend to your death my right to say it)
To: dead
Sheesh!
I sat on my cell phone one time an dialed that code- "0000000"
Scary to think that something so simple could have set off a nuclear attack.
To: dead
that's the kind of code an idiot uses on his luggage lock.
To: been_lurking
No missile crew memeber knows the code until the moment of launch.
by 17 posted onby baltodog (There are three kinds of people: Those who can count, and those who can't.)
To: been_lurking
How would Blair know what the codes were set to? Does a "launch officer" know the codes? How many people are authorized to know the codes? Who sets them, who authorizes them to be changed? Is it credible that Blair would know what the codes were?
To: dead
"...eliminating anything that might slow down their otherwise lightning-fast response to a Soviet attack."
Our response would be swift, no doubt....
But there is also Defcon and Posture ("readiness") that need to be set via the same codes.
Defcon/Posture aren't set "lightning fast".
by 19 posted onby baltodog (There are three kinds of people: Those who can count, and those who can't.)
To: UncleHambone
That's the kind of code an idiot uses on his luggage lock.
An idiot like me. Anything more complex than that, and I'd forget it and be unable to open my luggage, then everyone would KNOW I'm an idiot.
Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.
FreeRepublic , LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson
T4G made me look like a girlyman. More of that later.
When invited to do a breakout at T4G, I had initially said no, not being a big conference person. I was ultimately persuaded by the fact that the preponderance of attendees is officebearers in the church; and by the fact they put the guy who cries on my case (yes, that bit is truly pathetic, I know). Last Sunday, as I packed my bag to leave, my wife asked me if I was looking forward to going. No, I replied, but it will give me something to write about.
Indeed it did. And not quite as I expected. I went a sceptic; I returned encouraged. For what it is worth, here is my take:
I was reassured by what I saw that T4G is in the game of putting on a good conference every two years and not in becoming a movement or setting the agenda for any church or churches. It is just that: not a movement but a conference. Just look at the webpage: it looks great but it is hopeless, magnificently hopeless. It hardly changes from month to month and it did not even have the schedule up by the time of the conference. That is indicative of an appropriate modesty of ambition. It is just a biennial conference, not a movement or a source of primary identity.
Yes, the men at the plenary sessions are 'celebrities' in our small world; but they were not on the platform simply because of that fact. There was no swagger in evidence; all, in their different ways, spoke powerfully about the gospel; nobody indulged in magnifying their own name; and my guess is that none of these men will do anything which embarrasses T4G in the next twelve months. Yes, T4G needs names to fill the venue; but just being a name with 500 000 twitter followers and a knowledge of Calvinist patois is not going to get you the chance to speak. The swaggerati were nowhere to be seen.
My general conclusion on this point is that celebrity is clearly here to stay; the key point is that those who have such celebrity cachet acknowledge it and leverage it for good. By 'good', I mean direct people back to their own churches and set examples themselves as those who are committed first and foremost to their own people, congregations and denominations. T4G was quite a contrast to the recent reports of an extra-ecclesiastical high-profile meeting of Christian evolutionists, where celebrity appears to be being leveraged to set the agenda and impact the doctrinal testimony of churches. Nothing I heard at T4G indicated that anyone here had that kind of ecclesiastically subversive ambition.
I was also impressed that being 'on message' did not seem to be part of the agenda either. I was free at my breakout and panel sessions to launch salvos against multi-site and even against reductive 'gospel-centred' ministries and movements. The interaction on such was good natured. I was impressed that, when I made my usual speech on the problem of celebrity, David Platt and Matt Chandler were asked to respond and did so in a manner that showed real humility and self-examination. I pray that I can do the same in light of the things which they said.
The highlights for me were C J Mahaney's sermon on discouragement (though everything I heard was good) and the countless encounters with people in the coffee bars and corridors. I had more conversations on polity in three days than I have had for a long time. Whatever is going on at T4G, my experience is that it is raising the profile of polity and distinctives, not eliding them for the sake of 'unity'. On Thursday night, post-anti-celebrity session, I appreciated the good humour of the 75 or so people who, with a wink in their eye, asked for my autograph (which requests I declined with equal irony). My ministerial friends 'Boy Band' and 'the Man that Derek Thomas Could Have Been' have now dubbed me simply 'the Anti-Celebrity Celebrity.' Some are born hypocrites; I have found hypocrisy thrust upon me.
So how did T4G make me look like a girlyman? Flying back on Southwest, I took advantage of their most civilized free baggage allowance but then, having passed through security, remembered the words of C J Mahaney to husbands: do something nice for your wife to thank her for shouldering the family burdens while you were away. So I bought my wife a bag - and then found myself wandering round both Louisville and Chicago O'Hare with a great pink, flowery carrier bag. Most uncomfortable.
And I intend to go to T4G as an attender next time. It is big but it is just a conference, not a movement. It knows its place and it is modest, or as modest as it can be, given the nature of the event, both in style and ambition. I'm glad the 'guy who cries' was put on my case.
By: Will Reeve Jr. | December 2, 2016 4:30 pm ET
The Oakland Raiders are starting to get a little beat up as the season winds down.
The Raiders will be without defensive tackles Stacy McGee and Darius Latham due to ankle injuries against the Buffalo Bills Sunday.
Minutes after reporting the team placed cornerback D.J. Hayden on injured reserve Friday, Oakland released their full injury report showing No. 2 cornerback David Amerson listed as questionable.
If it's up to Amerson, however, he's playing Sunday.
David Amerson sounds ready to return. "Yeah, yeah. I feel good, man. I'm ready to get back out there and compete." — Jimmy Durkin (@Jimmy_Durkin) December 2, 2016
Here's a look at Oakland's full injury report.
Full
QB Derek Carr Rt. Finger Full Full (off injury report)
Limited
CB David Amerson (Knee), Limited Friday, Questionable
WR Michael Crabtree (Ankle), Limited Friday, Questionable
C Rodney Hudson (Knee), Limited Friday, Questionable
RB Latavius Murray (Ankle), Limited Friday, Questionable
G/T Kelechi Osemele (Knee), Limited Friday, Questionable
LB Perry Riley Jr. (Hamstring), Limited Friday, Questionable
LB Malcolm Smith (Hamstring), Limited Friday, Questionable
Out
LB Shilique Calhoun (Knee), Did not part. Friday, Out
CB DJ Hayden (Hamstring), Did not part. Friday, Out
DT Darius Latham (Ankle), Did not part. Friday, Out
DT Stacy McGee (Ankle), Did not part. Friday, Out
Download TV shows and movies from Netflix to your Windows 10 PC By Mollie Ruiz-Hopper / Editor-in-Chief, Windows Blog Share Share Skype
We're excited to share that you can now download select TV shows and movies from the Netflix app on Windows 10 to watch without an Internet connection onto your Windows 10 PC*.
Download your favorite TV shows and movies like Dave Chappelle, Stranger Things, The Crown, Narcos, Master of None, BoJack Horseman and more.
Here's how to get started:
If you haven't already downloaded the Netflix app for Windows 10, you can do that here. Once you've launched the app you can check out all the downloadable titles in “Available for Download” from the Netflix menu, or look for the download icon next to a specific movie or TV show.
Tap the download icon next to a movie or episode of a TV show, and you'll find them in the “Downloads” section of the app.
*Downloadable content can vary by country
Two women say they were attacked by an Uber driver wielding an ice scraper on a busy corner in Chicago's Streeterville neighborhood.Chieh Wang, 37, is charged with two counts of battery and one count of criminal damage to property in connection with the incident.A witness captured the incident on his cell phone camera around 6 p.m. Tuesday. The video shows a man swinging an ice scraper at two women before the witness intervened and broke up the altercation. Shortly after that, police arrived and arrested the driver.The two women, Kourtney Wilson and Toni Sanders, said the driver was upset after they had called for the ride because one of the women was checking out at a nearby grocery store and the driver didn't want to wait."He did not want to wait, I asked him to wait. Toni was then walking up to the car at this point, he didn't want to wait. I'm not going to argue with you. I got out of the vehicle," Wilson said.The women said the driver got angry, threatened the women, then left. Then, he returned, got out of his car and started swinging."I was just in shock. I could not believe that it was happening. You know, you hear stuff like that. I couldn't believe it. He just continued to berate us with the ice scraper portion of the snow brush," Wilson said."I didn't expect to be hit because who hits someone with an ice scraper? And at that point, it was just complete chaos with him punching and hitting us in any fashion that he could. I mean, I was fearful for my life at that point," Sanders said.The women said they were struck hard enough to cause bruising and tears in their clothing."The fervor in which he attacked us, I don't think he would have stopped if no one else had been around," Sanders said.In a statement, Uber said the driver's behavior was unacceptable, and he's been removed from the car service. Uber said it is cooperating with law enforcement.
Billionaire media mogul Oprah Winfrey is officially supporting Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. "I'm with her," Oprah told Entertainment Tonight on Wednesday at the premiere of her new OWN drama, Greenleaf.
"Regardless of your politics, it's a seminal moment for women," Oprah said. "What this says are, there is no ceiling, that ceiling just went boom! It says anything is possible when you can be leader of the free world."
Oprah is the latest addition to a growing group of billionaire backers Clinton has amassed since she declared her candidacy in April 2015. Some have spoken out publicly in support of her campaign, while others have quietly shown their support with their wallets. Two of Clinton's biggest known billionaire financial backers are media mogul Haim Saban and hedge fund manager George Soros. Her super PAC Priorities USA Action has raised $75.9 million in this election cycle, according to the FEC.
Here's a look at the billionaires who have endorsed Clinton and/or donated to her campaign:
Thomas Steyer
Last week, billionaire environmentalist Steyer officially endorsed Clinton in a statement. "Hillary Clinton is an experienced leader who will lead us to victory because she embodies the best values of our country," he wrote on Facebook, ending his post with the hashtag #ImWithHer. Steyer made his $1.6 billion fortune running hedge fund Farallon Capital Management before selling his stake in 2012 to focus on the environment and politics.
Marc Benioff
In an interview with CNN in March, Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff spoke in support of Clinton, after noting that he does not have a party affiliation. "I like Hillary Clinton. I like someone who is experienced and has the depth of understanding." Benioff said. "Mostly, the reason I like Hillary Clinton is I believe that if we don't focus on the education of our children...we are going to create more inequality in this world." Benioff, who cofounded Salesforce in 1999, is an outspoken advocate for gender equality and LGBTQ rights. In March 2016, Benioff made a $2,700 donation to Clinton, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
Warren Buffett
In December 2015, billionaire investor Warren Buffett announced his endorsement of Clinton at a rally in Omaha, Nebraska. Both Buffett and Clinton spoke about income inequality and raising taxes on the wealthy. According to the New York Times, Buffett told the crowd at the rally that he believes that Clinton “will make sure that those people who are having to work two jobs to barely get by will not have that kind of world for themselves and their children moving forward.” At the FORBES Philanthropy Summit last week, Buffett confirmed that he was a Clinton supporter. "I think she'll win, but anything can happen in an election," Buffett said. "I think it makes a big difference who gets elected." Buffett gave $2,700 to Clinton's campaign in April 2015, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
Sheryl Sandberg
In June 2015, Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg told Bloomberg News, "I am very supportive of Hillary Clinton. I've said before I'd like to see her as president." Sandberg began advocating for gender equality through her best-selling book, Lean In. In April 2015, Sandberg donated $2,700 to Clinton's campaign, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
Haim Saban
Media mogul Haim Saban and his wife, Cheryl Saban, are the biggest publicly disclosed donors to Clinton super PAC Priorities USA Action, having given $10 million so far. Saban also donated $2,700 to Clinton's campaign in April 2016, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. Haim and Cheryl Saban held a fundraiser for Clinton at their Beverly Park mansion in May 2015, one month after the Democratic candidate announced her candidacy. Saban, who has an estimated $3.6 billion fortune, according to Forbes, is chairman of Spanish language TV network Univision Communications .
George Soros
With $7 million in donations to Prioritize USA Action, hedge fund billionaire George Soros is tied as the super PAC's second biggest known donor. With a $24.9 billion fortune, Soros has long been known as a supporter of liberal causes. In 2012, Soros donated $1 million to President Obama's re-election campaign. In 2004, Soros donated nearly $20 million to groups trying to defeat then-President George W. Bush.
James Simons
Hedge fund billionaire James Simons has also donated $7 million to Prioritize USA Action. He donated $2,700 to Clinton's campaign in November 2015, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. Simons founded Renaissance Technologies in 1982 and retired from the $29 billion hedge fund in 2010.
Jay Robert (J.B.) Pritzker
Hyatt Hotel heir J.B. Pritzker and his wife Mary Kathryn Pritzker have donated $6.5 million to Prioritize USA Action to support Clinton. Pritzker is a long-time Democratic donor and runs private equity and venture capital firm, The Pritzker Group, with his brother Anthony, who has donated to conservative politicians.
S. Daniel Abraham
Slim-Fast founder S. Daniel Abraham has donated $3 million to Prioritize USA Action. He also donated $2,700 to Clinton's campaign in April 2015, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. After selling Slim-Fast to Unilever for $2.3 billion in 2000, Abraham has focused on political causes, founding the S. Daniel Abraham Center for Middle East Peace and supporting a peaceful two-state solution for Israel-Palestine. Now 91, Abraham has a $2.1 billion fortune.
David Shaw
Hedge fund billionaire David Shaw has donated $2.25 million to Prioritize USA Action, in addition to donating $2,700 to Clinton's campaign in April 2015, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. Shaw founded D.E. Shaw and Co., a hedge fund known for its quantitative modeling, after getting a PhD in computer science from Stanford.
Jon and Pat Stryker
Siblings Jon and Pat Stryker have each donated $1.5 million to Prioritize USA Action. Pat Stryker donated $2,700 to Clinton's campaign in June 2015. The siblings inherited their fortunes from their grandfather Homer Stryker, who invested and patented medical devices and then founded Stryker Corporation. Today, Jon Stryker's Arcus Foundation supports two of his favorite causes, LGBTQ issues and the protection of apes. Pat Stryker owns Bohemian Companies, which includes venture capital activities and real estate development.
Steven Spielberg
Hollywood billionaire Steven Spielberg has donated $1 million to Prioritize USA Action and $2,700 to Clinton's campaign, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. Spielberg has directed and produced a series of blockbuster hits, including 'E.T,' 'Jaws' and 'Jurassic World.'
Thomas Tull
Legendary Entertainment founder and CEO Thomas Tull's donations to Clinton's campaign include $1 million donated to Prioritize USA Action and $2,700 to Clinton's campaign, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. In January 2015, Tull made a deal with Chinese billionaire Wang Jianlin, whose company Dalian Wanda purchased Legendary Entertainment in a $3.5 billion deal. Tull currently has a fortune that Forbes estimates at $1.1 billion.
Alice Walton
Walmart heiress Alice Walton, a member of America's richest family, donated $353,400 to the Clinton's joint fundraising committee, according to Bloomberg. She also donated $2,700 to Clinton's campaign, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. In 2013, Walton gave $25,000 to the Ready for Hillary super PAC, which is now known as Ready PAC. Clinton's ties to Wal-Mart run deep; Clinton sat on Wal-Mart's board from 1986 to 1992.
RS: If you were a historian, how would you describe the Bush administration from that point of view? Gore: They have done so much damage to the spirit of America, to the worldwide reputation of America, to the morale of our people, to the core belief that we're capable of managing our fears without sacrificing our freedom. But nobody's going to be surprised to hear me give a thumbs-down rating to Bush and Cheney. RS: What's the worst damage they've done, other than the climate crisis? Gore: They have promoted the idea that freedom and security are mutually exclusive, that you can have one only to the extent that you've sacrificed the other. That is an un-American idea. When our founders framed the Constitution, they understood the reality of war. When the Declaration of Independence was written, it was written by Americans who were in danger of being hung. They had reason to fear for their very lives, every single one of them, but they insisted on the protection of habeas corpus and freedom of speech and freedom of the press and freedom of assembly and freedom of religion, and the separation of self-government from the establishment of a religious dogma as an official set of beliefs. They had real courage that bridged their devotion to freedom and their need for security. But instead of courage, this administration has used fear to undermine the system of checks and balances and the carefully balanced relationship between separate branches of government and the principle that all of the operations of our self-government should be accountable to the people. The arrogance and unaccountability of absolute power is corrupting, and our founders knew that so well. They embodied in our nation a universal principle derived from a millennium and a half of history, from Athens to Rome through the Enlightenment to the American Revolution. But all of that has been blithely ignored by this administration because of their lust for power.
This has got to be the most trenchant and spot-on criticism that anyone has leveled at this administration. Succinctly stated, it encompasses and indicts a whole host of offenses, from the moral travesty that is the Iraq War, to the suspension of habeas corpus, to the so-called PATRIOT acts, to Guantanamo Bay and torture, et al.
Sure, our leading candidates have made broad critiques that explain why Bush's policies are bad for America, harmful to the middle class, etc. But it's this historical context that reveals the actions of the Bush Administration and its apologists (Rudy McRomney) to be at best the epitome of weakness, and at worst, a predatory perversion of the American idea.
Gore added:
It's not just the excesses of Bush and Cheney -- it's the failure of our Congress, our courts, our free press, and all of us, to speak up and prevent this degradation of the American idea.
Right on.
I don't know about you, but the decision of Sens. Schumer and Feinstein to support Michael Mukasey for Attorney General is the last straw for me. I give up on this Democratic congress, because as Gore points out, they have placed political calculus above bedrock principles that deserve to be fought for, win or lose. And then they wonder why Americans don't know what the Democrats stand for.
So my hopes rest with our next president. And he/she will not unite the country and restore the American idea by exploiting divisions to win with 51% of the vote. Rather, they will need to appeal to independents and non-fascist Republicans by offering this kind of devastating strategic frame.
The question is, do we share Gore's concern, and will we nominate a candidate who can do that?
Read the previous DKos diary, which covers Gore's thoughts on climate change and a presidential run. Or read the entire article here, starting on page 54.
To repay a debt owed to William Penn's father, King Charles II granted him land southwest of New Jersey. The new territory, Pennsylvania, served as an early safe haven for religious, racial, and gender equality, Quaker ideals which Penn wove into his concept for the design of Philadelphia. The plan was centered on a 1,200-acre plot, laid out by surveyor general Thomas Holme in 1682. It was organized into a rectangular grid pattern with lettered and numbered streets perpendicular to each other and broader civic-oriented streets for commerce and transportation forming the grid's main axes. Each quadrant features a public square with open green space, today known as Logan, Franklin, Washington, and Rittenhouse Squares. Evenly spaced lots allowed residents to have private outdoor space for gardens and retain a sense of country living within the rapidly-expanding city. Penn's concept set a precedent for planning in many early American cities.
The greatest alteration to Penn's plan is the Benjamin Franklin Parkway, begun by Jacques Gréber in 1917. Sections of streets and buildings were removed to create the tree-lined, mile-long parkway that cuts diagonally from City Hall northwest to Fairmount Park, where it terminates on axis with the Philadelphia Museum of Art. Logan Square was transformed to a grand traffic circle, and the parkway is now lined with the museums and cultural institutions envisioned by Gréber. Expressways have also changed the city's Penn-era fabric, bordering the grid on three sides and particularly affecting Logan and Franklin squares on the Northern side.
Elon Musk has slammed Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg's “limited” understanding of artificial intelligence. The comments followed an interview with Zuckerberg where he criticized “doomsday scenarios” around these new technologies as “pretty irresponsible.”
“I've talked to Mark about this,” Musk said on his Twitter page Tuesday. “His understanding of the subject is limited.”
Musk was responding to Twitter user Darren Cunningham‏, who shared an article with recent comments from Zuckerberg. During a Facebook Live broadcast over the weekend from his house in Palo Alto, California, Zuckerberg took questions from users about the future of technology.
“I watched a recent interview with Elon Musk, and his largest fear for the future was A.I.,” one user asked. “What are your thoughts on A.I. and how it could affect the world?”
“I have pretty strong opinions on this. I am optimistic,” Zuckerberg told viewers. “And I think people who are naysayers and try to drum up these doomsday scenarios — I just, I don't understand it. It's really negative, and, in some ways, I actually think it is pretty irresponsible.”
I've talked to Mark about this. His understanding of the subject is limited. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) July 25, 2017
It's not the first time Musk has criticized Zuckerberg's understanding of A.I. At the end of last year, Zuckerberg unveiled his Jarvis home assistant, capable of dimming the lights, controlling music and managing security. Jarvis, named after Tony Stark's computer assistant in Iron Man, is essentially a homegrown version of Amazon's Alexa. Musk dismissed the project as “really not A.I.”
The Tesla CEO has sounded the alarm a number of times on how artificial intelligence could change our lives in unwelcome ways. In February, Musk told an audience at the World Government Summit in Dubai that “digital superintelligence” would be like meeting an “alien,” and governments will need to stay vigilant.
“Deep artificial intelligence — or what is sometimes called artificial general intelligence, where you have A.I. that is much smarter than the smartest human on Earth — I think that is a dangerous situation.” Musk said. “I think it's important for public safety for governments to keep a close eye on artificial intelligence and make sure that it does not represent a danger to the public.”
It's not that Musk is against artificial intelligence in general, with Tesla actively pursuing research in computer-driven cars. The company started shipping cars last October with the necessary cameras and sensors to enable fully autonomous driving at a later date, and the system will harvest driving data from these sensors to improve the software and gradually make the ride as smooth as possible.
But Musk has expressed fear that these intelligent systems are advancing far faster than people think. Because hardware is improving exponentially at the same time as software, the two components of future A.I. systems could reach impressively powerful levels far sooner than people think.
“Whenever you have a double exponent it's going to be very difficult to predict, and people's predictions are always going to be too conservative,” Musk said earlier this month during a Q&A session at the ISS R&D conference in Washington, D.C.
Although this has been Musk's message for a while, recent comments drew ire from researchers growing weary of his warnings. At the National Governors Association earlier this month, he told state governors that “A.I. is a fundamental risk to the existence of human civilization, and I don't think people fully appreciate that.” A number of A.I. researchers said that he was being needlessly alarmist, with Pedro Domingos, an A.I. researcher based at the University of Washington in Seattle, summing up his thoughts on Twitter with a single word: “sigh.”
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
Musk has his share of supporters. Tim Urban, the writer behind explainer site Wait But Why, has written about how artificial intelligence will impact humanity. Musk described the article on Tuesday as “excellent.”
Tim's piece on AI is excellent, but we actually face a double exponential rate of improvement. AI hardware & software are both exponential. https://t.co/hSfNU8zxDu — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) July 25, 2017
Urban has worked with Musk previously. In April, Wait But Why published a guide to neural lace startup Neuralink. The technology could allow human brains to interface directly with computers, something Musk believes could help achieve a symbiotic relationship with future artificial intelligence.
But Musk may need to get creative if he wants to convince Zuckerberg and others of the possible dangers around A.I.
Chicago Public Library Mon Mar 12 2012
From March 14 to 21, the Chicago Public Library will be hosting The Hunger Games Live Action Survival Competitions for kids aged 12 to 18 at various locations throughout the city. (See complete listing of locations and times here). The competitions will be played on a life-sized grid style game board. Participants are assigned districts and given important survival attributes - strength, speed, intelligence, charisma and courage. Players move along spaces on the grid (survive) based on how they use their attributes, as well as how they answer a series of survival questions. Additionally, survivors can make alliances with other surviving players as they also encounter threatening challenges or catastrophes.
The games are the inaugural event for the Teen Volume Clubs. Developed in partnership with the CPL and YOUMedia, the clubs are a series of fun, interactive, book-themed programs including prizes (reading not necessary but encouraged). Participants in the games will be invited to a special Teen Volume Clubs screening of The Hunger Games movie at Showplace Icon Theater at 150 W. Roosevelt Rd. on Saturday, March 24 at 10am. Teen Volume Clubs will host a pre-screening event at the theater from 9 to 10am., featuring games, activities and give-aways. Chicago Public Library Teen Volume and YOUmedia Game participants, family and friends who want to view the movie can purchase a ticket (while tickets last) for $7.50 at the Icon Theater box office starting at 9am.
Former Illinois football commit Cordel Littlejohn: 'They basically just kicked me out'
Late Tuesday, Cordel Littlejohn, a three-star quarterback from Georgia who had been committed to Illinois for a month, tweeted that he was no longer an Illini commit.
But it wasn't his choice.
On Wednesday, Littlejohn explained the situation further to USA TODAY High School Sports.
“It was nothing that I did,” he wrote in a Twitter direct message. “I was 110 percent committed and really was looking forward to playing for Illinois. I had my official visit set up. My grades are good and they meet the requirements. I was the second QB committed and they told me I was the guy and that they wanted me. But after the third QB committed they basically just kicked me out.”
When Littlejohn committed in late August, the Illini had already secured a commitment from in-state star Coran Taylor of Peoria, also a dual-threat QB.
Then, in mid-September, M.J. Rivers of Frisco (Texas) Lone Star, a third dual-threat QB, committed to Illinois.
This, according to Littlejohn, led to him being “kicked out” of the class.
“They called me and told me my scholarship was [taken],” Littlejohn said. “But I refuse to let this hold me back! This is motivation! I will not hold my head because of this, God has been too good to me. I know he has a plan for me.
“I'm ready to play football with my brothers this Friday!”
Tech industry CEOs regularly lament what they say is the scarcity of qualified coders. But another worker shortage may be on the horizon in Silicon Valley: not enough bus drivers to take those coders to work.
In San Francisco, the so-called Google Bus – the cushy coaches that ferry employees from the city to the company's Mountain View headquarters – has become a divisive symbol of gentrification and economic stratification. One group of protesters went so far as to smash a Google Bus piñata to vent their outrage over skyrocketing housing prices.
But among employees themselves, the Google Bus is apparently a victim of its own success. Appearing at a San Francisco conference on ride-sharing, Google transportation specialist Anna Walter said the popularity of the buses is making it a challenge to scale the program.
"We own most of the buses themselves, but we contract out with the drivers. And even right now we're feeling the strain of that," Walters said. "It's just a resource scarcity issue."
Google has 100 buses in its fleet ridden by about 5,000 riders per day from seven Bay Area counties, Walters said. That amounts to more than one-quarter of the total number of Google employees on its main campus.
The buses have become a point of contention in San Francisco because of the ease with which they allow well-paid Googlers to travel back and forth to work. Instead of concentrating Google workers' wealth in one area near the office, the buses make that money mobile, which drives up rents, especially near bus stops.
From Google's perspective, offering their workers flexibility to live where they want is exactly the point. "We want to make sure we can get our employees to work safely, quickly, and stress-free," Walters said.
The other big goal is to reduce Google's commuter footprint overall by minimizing the number of employees traveling to work by themselves in their own cars. Walters said about 40 percent of the workers in Mountain View drive to work alone. Along with the buses, employees also participate in van pools and carpools, she said. And as the Google Bus system itself starts to strain against demand, the company is looking at other options.
"We would definitely look at ride-sharing solutions," Walters said. She wouldn't go into detail about what those solutions would look like, but with Lyft co-founder John Zimmer on stage as a co-panelist, it's easy to picture Google availing itself of a similar app-based ride-on-demand model.
Already, Google has a fleet of 60 Chevy Volts at its main campus to serve as a private Zipcar-esque service for employees (6,000 Googlers are signed up for the free program, Walters said). Google also has shuttles that loop around campus, as well as an on-demand taxi service and 1,000 of its famous clown-colored bikes for traversing the Googleplex.
In any discussion of Google as a transportation provider, it's obligatory to remember its aggressive effort to invent a self-driving car. Predicting the potential uses of autonomous vehicles is something of a Silicon Valley parlor game – will they do deliveries for Google's shopping service? Will they solve traffic once and for all?
One possibility I haven't heard, however, is drone-buses to ferry tech workers to their jobs. But with bus rides from San Francisco to Silicon Valley becoming an expected perk, the competition for qualified drivers could grow even more acute. In that case, Google might be that much more motivated to invent a bus that needs no driver at all.
As discussed in a previous post, to anyone reviewing the evidence in detail, it is difficult to deny the obvious long list of cognates between Proto-Indo-European (PIE) and Chinese. These cognates include numerous elements of core vocabulary: verbs, nouns and adjectives. In many cases, these cognates extend to Thai, as well.
From a historical perspective, the obvious question is: how did this likely happen? A successful Eastern invasion led by an PIE-speaking horse-riding tribe is certainly one explanation, and legends of the blond-haired name-giving Huangdi would support this guess.
Yet even if that DID happen, several other mysteries remain unexplained. When we look at the cognate vocabulary, as Prof. Zhang Congdong pointed out, the similarities with ONE branch of Indo-European are far stronger than those with any of the others – the Germanic branch. Comparing terms for animals such as 馬 (ma, *mog, meaning “horse”), cognate with mare (en), marc (ir), Mähre (dt) and *mork (PIE), 牛 (*gou/gu, meaning “cattle”), cognate with cow (en) and Kuh (dt), 豕 (*sĕg, meaning “pig”), cognate with sow (en), Sau (dt), sus (lt) and *suk (PIE), or kinship terms like 孫 (“sūn”, male descendent), English cognate “son”, Sanskrit cognate “sūnú”, Lithuanian cognate “sūnus”, make this apparent. While these terms are not exclusive to the Germanic branch of PIE, where there is a choice of terms, as for example in the word for cattle, Chinese almost always opts for the German variant.
Moreover, Chinese (and to some extent Thai) seem to also have a number of cognates for terms which occur ONLY in the Germanic branch of Proto-Indo-European. While the reconstructed Germanic, Greek, Latin/Baltic and Slavic proto-languages clearly have a common origin, it has long been estimated that approximately one third of the basic Germanic vocabulary has no PIE counterpart. This has usually been assumed to have been due to some type of substantial language substrate in an area conquered by the Germans. Common terms such as 壯 (“strong”, read zhuàng in modern Chinese, English cognate … “strong”) or 背 (read bèi in modern Chinese, “bek” in Thai and approximately “*bak” in ancient Chinese, English cognate “back”) are some of the more obvious examples. There are many more, but these cases show how amazingly close the relationship would seem to be.
So perhaps the invasion was comparatively recent in historical terms, say within the past 4000 years at a maximum. If we theorize that there was a massive emigration out of the once flourishing Baltic Sea civilization area when climatic conditions dramatically worsened approximately 3500 years ago, sending the Latins from Latvia to Latium, the (W)achaeans (Wikinger) from Denmark to the Pelopónnesos, and the Aryans from St. Peterburg to India, then the emigration of yet another group across Asia is easily imaginable.
And yet, let's look at the evidence of a few other words, specifically the old word for dog – 犬 (something like *kün or *khü(ĕ)n in ancient Chinese, English cognate “hound”. Except for some words like “call” in peripheral dialects, in the Germanic languages the PIE k weakened in almost all cases to an “h”. Latin canis and Greek κυνός look far more similar to the Chinese than the Germanic “Hund/hound”.
So did the emigration simply took place before Germanic lost its k sound? Or is the explanation somehow linked to the mysterious non-PIE vocabulary? Could the unexplained words perhaps come from Asia? After all, if these substrate people lived in Scandinavia, why did their words not seep into any of the languages of any of the other PIE-speakers living around the Baltic? There seem to be no obvious answers to these questions, but I feel like we have a number of clues waiting for someone to piece them cleverly together.
Advertisements
Metro Vancouver mayors say homelessness in the region has reached crisis proportions, and the situation may be even more dire in the suburbs and rural areas than in Vancouver.
The latest numbers show that the unsheltered homeless population in Metro Vancouver jumped 26 per cent every year since 2011, and about five people become homeless every week. Today, roughly 4,000 people in the region are in immediate need of housing, the report said. The sobering numbers were released Monday at a press conference announcing the recommendations of Metro Vancouver's homeless task force to tackle the problem.
Metro Vancouver mayors blamed the growing problem on the provincial government under premier Christy Clark, saying the province has not supported municipalities with either a comprehensive plan or funding resources for locally-led initiatives.
“We were very successful for three years in bringing the street homeless population down from over 800 to under 150,” said Vancouver mayor Gregor Robertson, who co-chairs the task force, and first ran for election in 2008. “In 2011, things turned, and Christy Clark became the premier of B.C. There was no commitment to solving homelessness here in the province.”
Rich Coleman, B.C.'s minister responsible for housing, disagreed with the Metro Vancouver claims, noting the province is in the midst of the “largest investment commitment in history” to affordable social housing in B.C.
“We're always doing more,” Coleman said. “We're in the market now with another $900 million for affordability, buying buildings, approving more buildings elsewhere. And not all the mayors agree on this one; I've heard from a number of mayors that are disappointed in the report today because they are saying, ‘Not us, we're quite happy with the relationship with the province.'”
Maple Ridge mayor Nicole Read, who co-chairs the task force with Robertson, said the homelessness problem in Metro Vancouver's outlying communities rivals that of Vancouver's urban core. The report said that of the 15 homeless encampments housing more than four people in Metro Vancouver, a significant number (two in Maple Ridge, two or three in Langley Township and two in Delta) are located in less densely urbanized communities.
Read added she has had conversations with municipal leaders in the Fraser Valley, and they have seen a rise in similar struggles.
“We know that we've had a challenge in Vancouver; we are seeing an increasing struggle in all of the suburbs, and the suburbs are less equipped to be able to respond to the crisis we're dealing within our cities,” she said, noting smaller towns have more limited taxpayer bases to draw from. “I see it every day, where local officials and local staff are trying to … divert resources from critical local programming to actually deal with crisis on their streets.”
Last year, the methods used by Abbotsford to dismantle a homeless camp along Gladys Avenue cast a poor light on the city's ability to handle the problem.
Monday's 12 recommendations include plans to serve the needs of the current homeless population (with an increase to the shelter component of income assistance) to initiatives to prevent people from becoming homeless (such as expanding home care for mentally ill patients, as well as boosting affordable rental housing supply).
According to the rental industry's Goodman Report, Metro Vancouver's average monthly rent rose 19.1 per cent from 2011 ($1,027) to last year ($1,223). The vacancy rate fell from 1.4 per cent to 0.7 per cent during the same period. Meanwhile, the shelter component of income assistance — at $375 — has not risen in nine years.
But Mark Goodman, one of the publishers of the report, said that municipalities are not free from blame. In last June's report, Goodman wrote that many municipalities have not granted concessions to developers wanting to build new rental housing, making it financially infeasible to create new stock that would reduce homeless rates in Metro Vancouver.
“Perhaps with the sole exception of Burnaby, municipalities in Greater Vancouver abhor eliminating, demolishing or replacing existing rentals, no matter how inefficient, aging or low in density,” Goodman wrote. “Instead, it's easier to kick the ball down the road to tomorrow's politicians … If they stepped out of the way and let the free market do its job, it would solve the problem.”
Brendan Degan, who is currently living in a camp at the edge of Vancouver's Oppenheimer Park, said he has lived in tents on-and-off for five years, and that many in his situation actually prefer camping, since the quality of some social housing options is poor.
“I don't think it should be OK to live where there are infestations of roaches or bedbugs,” Degan said, adding he thinks officials should allow the homeless to live in abandoned houses. “There's black mould, asbestos, all of that. You go check these places out, its horrid, man … being outside, being able to breathe, I'd rather do that.”
Regardless of blame, Read said it is imperative that officials get people off the streets as soon as possible, noting that the longer a person remains homeless, the more unlikely it is that he or she can be re-integrated into the housing market.
“Over time, losing housing creates a cycle of shame in our homeless population,” she said. “We end up with people who are afraid to even go into housing, who would prefer to live in a tent on a street or in a bush than try again, and that is deplorable. We are Canadians. We can do better.”
with files from Rob Shaw and Glen Schaefer
chchiang@postmedia.com
rshaw@postmedia.com
gschaefer@postmedia.com
[media-credit name=”Photo: WWE.com” align=”aligncenter” width=”620″][/media-credit]
Divas Champion Nikki Bella recently spoke to Mark Madden from 105.9 in Pittsburgh, PA, discussing AJ Lee‘s WWE complaints, the infamous 30 second match that sparked #GiveDivasAChance and more.
While she agreed that Divas deserve more time on TV, she didn't appear to share AJ's criticisms towards WWE's pay disparity:
“We're all here because we're living our dreams. Whether it's two minutes or twenty minutes on TV, I'm beyond grateful for that, because there are millions of people that wish they could get two minutes in that ring, and they can't, so I'm not going to be one to bitch about it. But do I think Divas should definitely get more time on TV? 100%. But do I think pay is different? No.”
Nikki argues that Divas don't have the star power to make the money of top men like John Cena, Roman Reigns and Brock Lesnar:
“Let me put it this way: if a Diva was to headline a show, would those seats sell out like it does when John Cena's headlining? Roman Reigns? Brock Lesnar? Absolutely not. We're not there yet. We're trying to get there, but we're not there yet. As far as merch goes, we all get the same percentage, so I don't know why anyone's crying about it. We all make the exact same percentage, so it's like, sell more merch if you wanna be like the guys. At the end of the day, we're in a man's world. People show up to watch men wrestle, and they look at us the ‘pretty things on the side', but I think slowly, we're changing people's minds about that. It's not gonna happen overnight, but eventually we're gonna get there. We just need patience and time.”
She went on to explain what went on in the infamous 30 second Divas match that sparked the #GiveDivasAChance fan movement, claiming that it was an idea conceived by herself, Brie, Paige and Emma with the aim of telling a story:
“What's funny about that is we were given about three minutes. Three to four minutes. And we – us four girls who were in the match – we put our heads together and said look: we can either give them a two minute match, or we can give them nothing and get Brie and I so much heat and tell a great story…We're not gonna give people three minutes of BS, and it ended up being a big chance. It ended up turning into #GiveDivasAChance trending worldwide for two days. I mean, we could've gone out there, done a few moves and called it a day, but we were like, ‘How do we tell a great story?' and at the end of the day, that's what we did. Brie and I got good heat at the end of it, we got trended for two days straight, and it was like, ‘Whoa. We're storytelling now.' And that's what puts the Divas on the next level. Instead of just going out there and doing moves, we storytell. ‘Cause that's what the boys do, and that's what we need to do.”
Nikki also talks about her feud with Brie, her goals when filming Total Divas, her relationship with John Cena, WrestleMania 31 and more. You can listen to the full interview on Player.fm.
Do you agree with Nikki? Did the 30 second match tell a story?
Photo
The police cleared a portion of the Union Square area late Thursday after a Consolidated Edison employee reported seeing two gasoline canisters in the back of an Oldsmobile Cutlass that was parked in front of the utility company's headquarters, law enforcement officials said.
But the car, and the gas cans, belonged to a man who mows lawns for a living, said Paul J. Browne, the Police Department's chief spokesman. The authorities lifted the evacuation at 12:45 a.m. Friday, about two and a half hours after the report was called in.
A police official said the car's owner, whose name was not released, had parked on Irving Place to attend a concert in the Union Square neighborhood. There was “no malicious intent,” Mr. Browne said.
The gas cans were found on the floor of the car's back seat, he said, and the police were concerned because the Cutlass was parked in front of the Con Ed headquarters at 4 Irving Place.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The bomb squad was called out to investigate, and Irving Place was shut down between 14th and 15th Streets, near one of the entrances to the Union Square subway station, which is a transfer spot for eight subway lines.
Photo
At 11:55 p.m., the police blew out the car's side window, and at 12:08 a.m., they blew out the back window, the authorities said. That allowed a bomb squad robot “to get a good clear look” at what was inside, Mr. Browne said.
A Palestinian has been shot dead in northern Gaza by Israeli troops, Palestinian sources say.
The body of 22-year-old Odeh Hamad was recovered from near Beit Hanoun, close to the border with Israel, emergency services in Gaza said.
Israel said it opened fire after trying to contain outbreaks of violence.
Israel maintains a no-go buffer zone along the perimeter inside Gaza which it says is necessary to prevent militant attacks.
The Palestinian Maan news agency quoted a Gaza government spokeswoman as saying Odeh Hamad had approached the fence separating Gaza and Israel.
In a statement, the Israel Defence Forces (IDF) said: "During the past few hours several incidents took place along the security fence with the Gaza Strip.
"Palestinians caused damage to the northern security fence, fired a mortar shell that hit the Shaar HaNegev regional council, rioted and hurled rocks at soldiers in the northern Gaza Strip, and neared the fence in an attempt to enter Israel.
"Soldiers attempted to contain these violent events by calling out to the Palestinians but to no avail, and in accordance with the incident used live fire. Several hits were identified."
Palestinian sources said two Palestinians had been shot and wounded east of Khan Younis in southern Gaza, and two others east of Jabaliya in the north.
There has been intermittent violence along the border since a ceasefire ended an eight-day conflict between Israel and militants in Gaza in November 2012.
Israel considers Gaza a "hostile territory" after it was taken over by the anti-Israel Islamist Hamas movement in 2007.
When Dr. Charlene Senn, a psychologist and sexual-assault researcher at Ontario's University of Windsor, read about the allegations against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein, she recognized the classic characteristics with a sense of weariness: the private room, the man of acquaintance. The cajoling, bargaining perpetrator. The victims, casting for the easiest way out, who demurred and distracted.
It's not unlike a first-year freshman who goes to study in a fellow student's dorm room and finds he has other things on his mind – a common scenario addressed in the rape-reduction program that Senn and her colleagues have developed.
"Almost every one of those stories showed us vividly how many obstacles there are for women facing that situation," says Senn. "You're thinking: How is this happening? How am I going to get out of this safely? How am I going to preserve the relationship?"
Story continues below advertisement
Instead, there's convincing evidence that being nice doesn't work: Women who fight back are more likely to stop a sexual assault, which is why the University of Windsor program teaches first-year university students to watch for danger, and yell, kick and punch if they need to.
The program, officially called the Enhanced Assess, Acknowledge, Act Education Program or the EAAA, recently published its two-year findings in Psychology of Women Quarterly. For the study, researchers recruited nearly 900 first-year female students at three Canadian universities. They were randomly selected into two groups – half participated in the program, which included four three-hour group sessions, or 12 hours in all. The other half received a brochure about sexual assault, like those given out at university health centres. Both groups of women were regularly surveyed over 24 months.
The first-year findings were unprecedented – the incidence of rape, for instance, was reduced by 46 per cent. (In actual numbers, 42 rapes were reported by women in the control group at 12 months, compared to 23 among those who received the program.) The number of attempted rapes among participants was 15, compared to 40 among those in the control group. Women who participated in the program were also much more likely to use force to defend themselves.
Overall at two years, surveys from participants showed that the lessons learned were still making a difference. In particular, the study says that the reported incidence of attempted rapes was reduced by almost two-thirds. (In actual numbers, this works out to 20 reported incidents by participants versus 53 among the control group.) Researchers categorized the level of assault based on experiences described by the women in surveys.
But typical of similar programs, the effects generally diminished over time, and in the case of completed rapes the benefits had disappeared by the end of the study – something which Senn admits requires a closer look. At two years, the overall reduction for completed rapes had fallen to 30 per cent, with 33 reported incidents among participants versus 48 in the control group. Senn speculates that this may be because women, in later years, are more likely to have serious boyfriends. Since participants choose the scenarios they want to practise, that's often not a relationship dynamic covered fully in the program.
Even so, the work out of the University of Windsor has produced significant results compared to other programs designed to target sexual assault. The findings suggest that teaching women tools to protect themselves is a highly effective approach, especially among students in first-year university, a time when research has found that the risk of experiencing an assault is highest.
The program covered more than old-school self-defence training and, rather than strangers leaping from bushes, it focused on the fact that most assaults will happen with men who women know, and often like, making victims more likely to try to reason their way to safety, rather than defend themselves with more effective, forceful tactics. The program also deals with the definition of consent, discusses positive attitudes about sex and addresses society's pattern of victim-blaming. In the first session, for instance, participants are told that while alcohol is a risk factor, no amount of drinking on their part makes them responsible for an assault – and that, however they choose to respond in the moment, an attack isn't their fault.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Still, since the first-year results were published in the New England Journal of Medicine in 2015, showing that the program successfully reduced assaults, Senn has heard a fair share of criticism. That the program puts responsibility on women to change their behaviour. (What the program does, she responds, is give women the tools and education to act on their own behalf.) Or that it only protects the women who receive it, allowing the man to move on to another victim. (Her answer: Are we really to think that a young man who ends up with a broken bone won't learn anything from that experience?) Or that we should focus on bystander training and changing culture. But evidence supporting bystander work is patchy – one issue is that the vast majority of assaults occur when no else is around. And change, as anyone can clearly see, is slow coming.
The rape-resistance program is slowly rolling out at universities in Canada and the United States, with the research on its effects continuing. A school board in New Zealand is now piloting it, where it can be offered to young women who may not go to college and university – an important gap since many assaults occur when the victims are teenagers.
Ultimately, as Senn says, sexual assault is a complex problem that needs to be tackled from many sides. Bystander programs may make a difference, eventually. A wave of women bravely tweeting their #metoo stories helps female victims feel less isolated and keeps the conversation going. A little celebrity never hurts. And of course, there's an important role for men to speak up about sexual assault.
But meanwhile, Senn pointedly observes, "We still have a situation where women are facing this tonight."
To help them, her work shows that the script calls for an empowered female hero: a young woman trained to understand her rights, to be alert to danger and who knows that when push comes to shove, she has the right, and the strength, to #shoveback.
Jean Charest gave political advice to members of a federal panel reviewing a major TransCanada Corp. pipeline project in a private meeting while he was under contract with the Alberta-based company, says Grégory Larroque, the spokesman and counsel for the former Quebec premier.
The meeting, held at the downtown Montreal offices of Charest's law firm - McCarthy Tétrault - was requested by members of Canada's National Energy Board (NEB) who were seeking advice about how to engage with Quebecers, explained Larroque, a former political staffer to provincial cabinet ministers in Quebec. The NEB's chairman and CEO Peter Watson attended the meeting along with two board members, Lyne Mercier and Jacques Gauthier, who are both on a three-member panel reviewing TransCanada's Energy East application.
Energy East is the dominant issue facing the NEB in Quebec where the proposed pipeline faces fierce public opposition. Several critics contacted by National Observer said the meeting appeared to be inappropriate and that the revelations could further erode public faith in the ongoing review of the cross-country pipeline proposal.
The private pipeline dealings were revealed through federal records released through access to information legislation and confirmed by Larroque, who also attended the meeting, held on January 15, 2015. Watson told Charest at the start of the meeting that they could not directly discuss Energy East and they avoided the topic throughout the meeting, Larroque explained.
"It was an informal discussion that didn't last a long time," Larroque told National Observer. "But from their perspective it was a way of taking advice on how to approach Quebec."
"Infiltration by industry"
If approved, Energy East would allow TransCanada to ship up to 1.1 million barrels of crude oil per day from Alberta, Saskatchewan and midwestern U.S. states to refineries in Quebec as well as to a terminal and Irving Oil refinery in New Brunswick. Canada's oilsands producers say the project is needed to support jobs and growth in their sector, while environmentalists say it must be blocked to slow down the country's fastest growing source of greenhouse gas emissions.
"This is just another example of the apparent coziness between the oil and gas industry, major political parties, both provincial and federal, and the NEB," said Carole Dupuis, the coordinator of a Quebec-based citizens group called Regroupement vigilance hydrocarbures Québec. "Whether this takes the form of meetings behind closed doors, parties using industry members as political campaigners or the revolving door between the NEB and the oil and gas industry, it all adds up to a sort of infiltration of the political and regulatory worlds by the industry."
TransCanada has confirmed that it was paying Charest, who served as Quebec premier from 2003 to 2012, for consulting work up until September 2015, but declined to say whether it was aware of Charest's meeting with the NEB at the McCarthy Tétrault offices. When asked whether Charest informed TransCanada about the meeting, Larroque said: "Not to my knowledge, neither before, nor after."
From left to right, Roland George, Lyne Mercier and Jacques Gauthier are the three NEB members selected to be on the panel reviewing TransCanada's Energy East Project. Undated photo from NEB website.
The National Energy Board confirmed that the NEB members explicitly warned the former Quebec premier that they could not discuss the Energy East project, but said the board members were not aware about "any contracted work that Charest may have had."
"The meeting was setup... with the purpose of asking Mr. Charest for his thoughts on how the NEB could effectively engage in Quebec and which stakeholders the NEB might consider meeting," said NEB spokesman Craig Loewen in a statement, sent to National Observer.
"‎The NEB was not lobbied in any way during this meeting and the Energy East proposal was not discussed. No other hearing processes were discussed."
The NEB has extraordinary powers under Canadian law that are equivalent to a federal court, allowing it to review and investigate all matters under its mandate to oversee the energy sector.
At the time of the 2015 meeting, the NEB had launched a new public relations and marketing campaign to polish its image and restore public trust in pipelines and the oil and gas industry. The Energy East project was facing a backlash in Quebec over plans to build a marine terminal near a breeding site for endangered beluga whales on the St. Lawrence River - plans that the company later abandoned.
The NEB chief also met with other stakeholders representing Quebec municipalities, the provincial energy regulator and the business community during that trip, according to an internal memo that was released through access to information legislation.
Watson later met with Montreal Mayor Denis Coderre during the trip and announced that the NEB was opening a new regional office in the city to help improve its engagement with the population.
Karine Péloffy, director of the Quebec Environmental Law Centre, told National Observer in an interview that it's important for the NEB to be and appear impartial. But her organization is concerned that the NEB has been scheduling a lot of meetings with parties in favour of Energy East in advance of the formal hearings. These parties had applied or were in the process of applying to participate in the review process, she explained, but the NEB had not extended the same invitation to many of the groups opposed.
"Even the concept of a tour is an unusual behavior for a tribunal," she said.
National Energy Board chairman and chief executive officer, Peter Watson. File photo by the Canadian Press.
Charest was recently cleared by the federal lobbying commissioner, Karen Shepherd, after an investigation that was initiated by Prime Minister Trudeau's office following a phone call with the former premier earlier this year. The prime minister's office said Charest had asked Trudeau's advisor, Gerald Butts, about arranging a meeting with TransCanada, Globe and Mail reporter Daniel Leblanc revealed in March. The commissioner's office concluded that Charest, who never registered as a lobbyist, was not being paid by TransCanada at that time and was not doing any lobbying work.
Charest has said he provided strategic advice to TransCanada and didn't do any lobbying.
If the topic of Energy East had been raised at the meeting, Charest would have told the participants of the January 2015 meeting about his work with TransCanada, the former premier's spokesman added.
Larroque also said the former premier told Watson and the other board members, during the meeting that the NEB needed to reach out to a wide-range of stakeholders to build public trust, including members of civil society, environmental groups, municipal leaders and various industry stakeholders such as leaders from the agriculture sector.
Charest also told them that if the NEB wanted to have a transparent dialogue, that it had a moral obligation to meet with all stakeholders, Larroque said, adding that the former premier highlighted Quebec's hydroelectric capacity in the meeting, while noting that hydrocarbons and the oil and gas industry were not top of mind in the province.
Charest has a green reputation
Charest has developed a reputation as a green politician, leading Canada's delegation to the 1992 Earth Summit in Brazil where he was praised for action on biodiversity and climate change. More recently, his former government in Quebec was heralded as a global leader in climate change. But he has been criticized by environmentalists for openly supporting TransCanada's Energy East project.
Green Party Leader Elizabeth May, who says she worked with Charest at the 1992 summit in Rio de Janeiro, said she still considers Charest as a friend because of his work at that conference. But she added that she was disappointed about his support for new pipelines.
"His work at the Earth summit was stellar," May told National Observer. "I just think it's unfortunate he has taken up the side of Energy East when so many Quebecers are against it."
Editor's note: This story was updated with a modified headline at 12 p.m. ET on Friday and with additional comments from Grégory Larroque.
AP WASHINGTON (AP) — On any given day, Republicans call Hillary Rodham Clinton a deeply flawed future presidential candidate.
Or a formidable one.
Or, with the right amount of Republican-led scrutiny, one who might not run after all.
As the former secretary of state, first lady and New York senator prepares for a high-profile book tour in June, Republicans are using a variety of approaches to try to define Clinton and drive down the mostly positive approval ratings she built while in President Barack Obama's Cabinet.
At the same time, the GOP is building an anti-Clinton infrastructure that aims to undercut her appeal more than two years ahead of the presidential election.
"Ultimately our goal is to stop Hillary Clinton," said Garrett Marquis of the Stop Hillary PAC, which formed last year and has raised $500,000 and says it has 250,000 enlisted supporters.
"If we can do that by dissuading her from running for president in the first place, then we'll consider our effort a success," Marquis said. But if Clinton runs, Marquis said, the extra time will help "build a campaign to stop her."
Clinton's record at the State Department is likely to receive a public dissection when she begins promoting "Hard Choices," her memoir of her time as the nation's top diplomat.
In speeches, she has described it as a series of tough calls. The book is expected to discuss the raid that killed Osama bin Laden, the Obama administration's diplomacy with China, Iran and the Middle East, and the September 2012 attack that killed four Americans at a diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya.
Republicans say Clinton's tenure at the State Department lacked any notable accomplishment and that many of the choices were bad ones.
When Clinton recently criticized Nigeria's Boko Haram for its mass kidnappings of young girls, Republicans said she had failed to label the group a foreign terrorist organization while she was in charge.
On Benghazi, Clinton's testimony to a Senate committee — and her famous sound bite, "What difference does it make?" — remains a formidable issue among Republican activists and the basis for countless fundraising pitches. House Republicans are launching a select committee that will further probe the Benghazi attack.
"I'm not going to quit until I can prove to people that story was manufactured through gross incompetence or willfully misleading the public six weeks before an election," said Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C.
Researching Clinton's past has been a major task for America Rising LLC, a Republican group founded by Matt Rhoades, Mitt Romney's former campaign manager.
The group has raised money through a website called StopHillary2016.org and has 20 paid trackers who follow Democratic candidates in search of "gotcha" moments that can shift momentum in campaigns. Executive director Tim Miller said the group will send camera-carrying trackers to some of Clinton's book events.
"My feeling is that Hillary Clinton is already running for president," Miller said.
America Rising, he said, has sought to "provide a counterbalance and hold her accountable so that she doesn't just get a platform to kick off a presidential campaign without the scrutiny that should rightly come along with that."
Stop Hillary PAC, meanwhile, warns on its website that by 2016, "it will be too late to stop Hillary. We've got to hold her accountable right now."
Marquis said the group, led by a Colorado state senator, Ted Harvey, aims to mobilize voters against a future Clinton campaign and hopes to have 1 million supporters by the end of 2014.
And then there's the notion that Clinton might not run.
"Given the month she just had, I actually doubt very much whether she actually will run for president," Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said last Sunday on NBC's "Meet the Press."
He didn't add that the past month was rocky largely because a prominent Republican questioned Clinton's mental and physical health and House Republicans renewed their inquiry into Benghazi.
Many Democrats say Republicans attack Clinton almost nonstop because they see her as the strongest possible presidential opponent by far, and that it conveniently fires up conservative voters who are crucial in the fall elections.
"Republicans are singularly focused on turning out their base," said Mo Elleithee, a spokesman for the Democratic National Committee. He said harping on Benghazi, the Internal Revenue Service, the president's health care law "or something to do with the Clintons" is one tactic.
Steve Schmidt, a veteran strategist on GOP presidential campaigns, said Republicans may be erring by focusing on the Clintons now. The criticisms are unlikely to dissuade her from running, he said, and the ruckus could backfire on Republicans in states such as Kentucky, where Obama is unpopular but the Clintons are widely liked. Former President Bill Clinton has campaigned alongside Alison Lundergan Grimes, the Democrat trying to oust Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell.
"The degree to which Hillary Clinton is positioned in front and center, and not the president, I think it hurts Republicans at the end of the day," Schmidt said.
___
Follow Ken Thomas on Twitter: https://twitter.com/ap_ken_thomas and Charles Babington: https://twitter.com/cbabington
David Rudisha is made a warrior during a home-coming party in 2010. Credit:AFP "When I came back they said 'I think you did something special, even more than killing a lion'. They made me a leader. I didn't have to kill a lion. They say breaking two world records was more significant and was just like killing the lion. I think that is really cool because we are also trying nowadays to educate them to discourage the killing of wild animals because now in Kenya we have more statues of lions than lions themselves." In modern Kenya there is a grinding disconnect among the Masai between earnestly defending their culture and traditions and knowing that by doing so they are robbing their heritage. By killing so many lions and wild animals the Masai are killing an essential element of who they are. "I am proud to be a Masai. We are one of the unique tribes who live alongside wild animals including the big five [the lion, elephant, buffalo, rhino and leopard]. We are proud of the wild animals because this is part of our heritage and environment. Without the wild animal I think the Masai are different," he said. "We want to maintain and be ecosystem friendly. The Masai are known to be very courageous and that is why we live with the wild animals but sometimes people get attacked and this has been a big issue between the Masai and the wild animals. If they come and kill then we go and hunt for them. Now we educate them and say we don't just go attack them unless they attack us."
Rudisha is patron of the new "Masai Olympics" which was conceived as a means of challenging warriors and adapting Masai skills without killing wild animals. "We do unique sports. We throw the spears and Masais are well known for jumping and dancing, so we also have high jump whereby you jump as high as you can to hit the rope with your head," he said. "It's a kind of unique high jump. We are trying to encourage them not to continue killing the wild animals." Rudisha is emblematic of the modern Masai. He grew up nomadically in the traditional way but now lives in an urban area to train and be able to travel the world as an elite athlete. He is modern yet traditional – when he married six years ago he paid his wife's family in cows. "Cows are the most valuable things to Masai, the number of cows you have signified how rich you are … we do all we can to protect them. We fight with other communities because of cows. Before you get married you have to give cows for the family of the bride. I paid 12 cows for my wife," he said. "I don't keep a lot of cows now, just a few at home. Nowadays I live around town in the city and some places now are starting to change because of the modernisation."
This pride of his heritage informs who Rudisha is as an athlete. The Masai reputation for courage made him change the way he ran in 2009 after failing to make the final of the world championships in Berlin. "That was when I decided to change my tactics and run from the front which it took me a lot of courage to do," he said. "I am a Masai and we are very courageous and brave people. Even if you watch most of my races I always run courageously, even sometimes when I am not at my top I always like to lead from the front and do my best. Many people like that. "I have been pushing and training hard to be fit because running from the front you have to be in good form as well as you have to be smart because you're calculating and doing out there without following somebody's pace." There was no more courageous run than Rudisha at the London Olympics. Rudisha jockeyed to the front in the first 100, accelerated at the 200, and floated away from the pack by the 300. He was like the Masai bell-ringer the lions could not catch. He ran the first lap in 49.28 and kept accelerating, confident that no one could touch him. He looked like a man racing himself as much as the field. He had not lost all year, he felt assured of winning, it was another record he was chasing.
While he likes to lead, ordinarily Rudisha uses his pacemaker, Sammy Tangui, to take him around the first lap. Tangui travels the world with him training and pacing him over the first lap. Tangui is not a Masai but he is a tall man with a long stride like Rudisha's. He was a 400m runner who competed at the African championships and world youth games and now takes Rudisha around the track for the first lap in a predetermined time. "Tangui is always I would say almost perfect. Most of the races and most of the pacing he gets there minus or plus 30 hundred a second," Rudisha said. Rudisha was world champion in 2011. In 2013 he missed the world's through injury. He has broken the world record three times. He is the Olympic gold medallist. He is one of the greatest-ever middle-distance runners. But his name is not really Rudisha. His name is only Rudisha because his dad's name was Rudisha. But his dad's name was not really Rudisha, that was just a nickname. Rudisha is a Swahili word for return. When David's father was born in 1945 German soldiers came into their village in Tanganyika, in what had been German East Africa, to take some of the Masai's bulls.
The German commander kicked in the door of the hut and was startled to see David's grandmother giving birth. He turned around called out to his men "Rudisha, Rudisha" telling them to return the bulls and leave the village. And so the young boy, Daniel, was considered the harbinger of good fortune and forever known to the village as Rudisha. He later went on to win silver in the 400m relay for Kenya at the 1968 Olympics as Daniel Rudisha. When he had a son called him David Rudisha. "Rudisha was just a nickname for my dad. People know my dad more by Rudisha than his official name. I kind of like the name. It's a good luck name because the bulls got returned," Rudisha said. He acknowledges the name now fits. It is a name of luck, of cows, of the Masai and of winning. Rudisha runs on Saturday night at the IAAF Melbourne World Challenge at Lakeside Stadium, Albert Park. Events begin 3pm. Rudisha runs at 6.50pm.
Plumber Reloaded is a game of logic, fast thinking and perception. Goal of game is to connect every two elements of the same color with pipes, so the water can flow. No problem, right? Well, the problem is, that pipes you draw cannot cross each other, you are limited to grid and moreover you have time running fast. So act quick, or you'll loose all lives and soon the game will be over ;) If you draw the wrong pipe, just tap on base element of that pipe. Or shake the phone to reset the level completely. Unlike all the existing Plumber games it's not based on turning of the pipes, rather on joining them together. Currently game has little over 429 levels (puzzles) in 6 different difficulties, each with own graphics theme. Sounds that add to the positive experience and motivate user to play more and more. There are 3 game modes – standard 3 stars mode in which you can beat levels one after another, time attack mode with 3 different types – sprint, summer run and marathon – each takes different amount of random levels from each difficulty to solve. Third game mode is training where you can practice your skills. The game provides hours of good fun and is free. Windows Phone 2014-06-27
Nico Rosberg: "Of course I hope that I will wind up on top" © Sutton Images Enlarge
Nico Rosberg has predicted a season of fierce competition with Michael Schumacher as the pair enter their second year as Mercedes team-mates.
Rosberg beat Schumacher by 70 points in 2010, but the seven-time world champion is expected to be stronger this year with Pirelli tyres and a chassis more to his liking. Rosberg joked that he would like Schumacher to have another difficult year, but in reality he is expecting a much tougher competitor.
"From my point of view he can repeat his performance of last year," he said in an interview with the official Formula One website. "But I am sure that will not be the case. I expect that there will be a fierce competition between the two of us, but of course I hope that I will wind up on top."
He added that he felt he had not damaged Schumacher's reputation by outperforming him last season.
"I don't think that I bruised the Schumacher myth. He is a seven-time world champion and that will always remain in the history books. But sure it felt good to beat him, as he is not viewed as one of the best F1 drivers ever for nothing!"
At testing last week Schumacher set competitive times on Friday and Saturday, while Rosberg's running was limited by reliability issues at both Valencia and Jerez. Nevertheless, the younger German is confident the car will come good.
"Yes, we weren't too fast in Valencia but with Michael's two days of running in Jerez we are obviously heading in the right direction," he said. "Despite what people believe we weren't running in qualifying spec when he did his times - we still had a buffer. My running obviously was not so blessed. I only ran for 45 laps on the last day of the Jerez test because of a precautionary engine change. Unfortunately I haven't been able to do as many laps as I would have liked, but overall I see a development for the better and to get better every single lap counts."
He said the new Mercedes would be significantly improved for the first race of the season, but stopped short of naming specifics.
"One thing that should be made very clear is that this car that we've been running so far is not our Bahrain car. This car is here to improve reliability and do the maximum mileage possible. A big step will be introduced later in the test season."
Mercedes boss Ross Brawn confirmed on Sunday night that there were still reliability issues to be solved.
"The four days in Jerez have proved to be extremely useful for the team, although the test has not been without its challenges," he said. "We had good reliability for the middle two days which allowed us to accumulate a lot of mileage, however there are issues to be resolved so that we can maximise our track time for the remaining two tests. Both Michael and Nico continue to feel comfortable in the car and our priorities remain on reliability, developing our understanding of the tyres and the KERS, whilst simultaneously pushing on with the developments still to come."
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Back in July 2014, we wrote about an Army Times article which was about this fellow, Jim Calhoun. It seems that CW2 Calhoun had written a letter to the Army Times about how he was still rolling up his sleeves and that no one could make him stop. Here's that article;
Well, readers were so upset at Calhoun that Army Times thought it was necessary to look into Calhoun's background and a few days later they wrote about him again in this article; Army Times July 21 2014
The administrative elimination board found Calhoun wrongly wore the rank of Chief Warrant Officer 3, and unspecified “unauthorized” badges and ribbons, according to the documentation, which included Calhoun's discharge papers, a personnel memorandum authorizing his separation and the findings and recommendations of the board. The board also found he submitted a falsified DD 214 in 2008 before returning to service and went AWOL nine months later; he had falsified a mobilization order as well. The board also found Calhoun failed a qualification course for the UH-60 Black Hawk, according to Army records. He was a UH-1 pilot. It cleared him of allegations of conduct unbecoming an officer and failure to maintain a valid security clearance. Days after the article was published, Army Human Resources Command spokesman Bill Costello said Calhoun never achieved the rank of chief warrant 3, never served in the SOF community and was not serving in any component. He confirmed Calhoun's CW2 rank and April separation date and declined to comment further on Calhoun's record.
Well, Calhoun is still at his tomfoolery. If you look closely at the picture at the top of this post, you'll notice that he's wearing a patch claiming to be a Desert Storm veteran. Well not according to his FOIA, which I'll admit doesn't have his 2008 – 2014 enlistment, but it does cover the Gulf War period and he wasn't there;
Here's his business card where he still tells folks that he was a CWO3 despite the Army's statement to the Army Times that he wasn't. Notice that the helicopters on his card aren't anything that he was authorized to fly – the Army said he failed a qualification course for Blackhawks.
His LinkedIn profile still makes his claims of being a CWO3 and that he flew special operations aircraft – both of which the Army denies are true.
Category: Phony soldiers
Americans who are between the ages of 18 and 34 — known as Generation Y — could be a “game changer” in the U.S. real estate market, according to Urban Land Institute. As such, ULI researchers are taking careful note of this generation's preferences when it comes to homes.
A new ULI survey of about 1,200 Millennials shows that 59 percent of those surveyed prefer a home in a neighborhood that has a variety of housing types. For example, 62 percent said they prefer mixed-use developments with shops, restaurants, and offices, and 52 percent say they like pedestrian-friendly neighborhoods.
The survey also showed that 55 percent of Millennials said they want their home to be in close proximity to public transportation. ULI researchers also note that this generation is more likely than older generations to live in apartments and in downtown areas.
Patrick Phillips, ULI's chief executive, says he believes the Millennials represent a big change from other generations, in that this group will continue to prefer more compact, urban homes, even later in life. He says that will likely lead to more mixed-use development.
“Over time, we'll see a return to a more compact, metropolitan development pattern,” Phillips said. “We'll see less sprawl at the edges ... the market preferring solutions that are closer in.”
Source: “Is Generation Y a ‘Game Changer' for Housing?” The Wall Street Journal (May 15, 2013)
Read More
Millennials Poised to Put Their Mark on Housing
The practice came to light in December following a complaint filed with Sweden's data privacy watchdog, the Data Inspectorate (Datainspektionen, DI).
The complaint focused on a particular case in which a baby was "diagnosed" as having "non-Nordic origins" (utomnordisk härkomst) even though the child's mother was born in Sweden and its father was a Swedish citizen who had lived in Sweden since childhood.
The doctor who filed the complaint charged that the clinic, located in Västra Götaland in western Sweden, had violated Sweden's Personal Register Law (personuppgiftslagen - PUL).
"As far as I know, this is not in accordance with PUL to register 'origin', that is, ethnicity for a person in healthcare, if there is not reason," he wrote in his complaint.
He added that he suspected similar registers existed throughout the western Swedish region.
"This is deeply worrying and risks strengthening the mistrust between different groups of Swedes," he continued.
When probed by data privacy watchdog, the county health board defended the practice by explaining the "non-Nordic" registry helped alert authorities to families that could belong to certain risk groups through travelling to countries where diseases might be prevalent, such as Tuberculosis or Hepatitis B.
There is also a high chance that family members from such countries will visit the baby in hospital, thereby increasing the risk of the child falling ill with one of these diseases, the board added.
However, health officials admitted that registering "non-Nordic" as a "diagnosis" in patient health charts was a mistake that occurred in the wake of a effort to coordinate data between paediatric clinics and primary care clinics.
The health board claimed the "non-Nordic diagnosis" had only come up in the patient data system of one child's health clinic. However, officials admitted that such "diagnoses" were a mistake that would not happen again.
The Data Inspectorate advised the board to improve and to clarify its procedures for how it records information when it comes to newborn babies.
The Local/og
Follow The Local on Twitter
It was the latest Newsweek cover to stir up a furor: the words “MUSLIM RAGE” over a photo of bearded, shouting protesters jostling against one another.
The headline promoted a story by author Ayaan Hirsi Ali, herself a subject of intense debate over her take on Islam, extremism and free speech.
Hirsi Ali, a Somali-born woman who fled an arranged marriage and became a forceful critic of Islam in the Netherlands, is loved and loathed for her critical stand on Islam -- a stand critics complain overgeneralizes and plays into Islamophobia. The debate over her argument, pegged to the recent international uproar over a video mocking Muhammad, sent her name trending on Twitter.
But the two words teasing her controversial story also took on an online life of their own as the story gained speed on Monday. As Newsweek urged readers to discuss the article under the hashtag #MuslimRage, annoyed readers around the world took up the hashtag to satirize it, offering their own tongue-in-cheek examples of what made them simmer with #MuslimRage.
“Lost your kid Jihad at the airport. Can't yell for him,” quipped one Twitter user who identified herself as a Lebanese woman raised in California, hitching it to the hashtag.
“Shawarma with no garlic sauce? #MuslimRage,” a Palestinian-Syrian user joked.
“I'm having such a good hair day. No one even knows. #MuslimRage,” a woman pictured in a headscarf tweeted, immediately getting a slew of new followers.
The unprecedented theft of thousands of likely privileged Trump transition emails by Special Counsel Robert S. Mueller's investigators is yet more proof that the open-ended fishing expedition is continuing to move forward with its effort to reverse the results of the 2016 election.
News of the misappropriation of the email tranches comes weeks after Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-Fla.) urged that Mueller quit or be fired, saying the independent prosecutor has “indisputable” conflicts of interest.
“We are at risk of a coup d'état in this country if we allow an unaccountable person with no oversight to undermine the duly-elected president of the United States,” Gaetz said, echoing earlier remarks by writer Michael Walsh who asserts the Left is engaged in a “rolling coup attempt” against President Trump.
Monday on “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” author Mark Steyn said, “I see no reason at all why a guy who is supposed to be investigating Russian interference in an election that took place on November the 8th should be able to seize, effectively, an incoming government's entire confidential communications between each other in the period after the election took place. That seems to be entirely unwarranted by Mueller.”
Trump himself was more restrained in his rhetoric.
He said “a lot of lawyers thought that was pretty sad,” in reference to the purloining of the transition records by Mueller's office. “Not looking good. It's not looking good,” Trump said.
“It's quite sad to see that,” Trump said. “My people were very upset.”
“I can't imagine there's anything on them, because as we said there's no collusion,” he added. “There was no collusion whatsoever.”
Until somebody delivers a coup de grâce to this disgraceful coup attempt, the push could last the entirety of Donald Trump's presidency. The end of the investigation is nowhere in sight. Although White House lawyers had said Mueller's probe would conclude by year's end, members of the independent prosecutor's team reportedly said recently that the investigation will spill over into 2018 – at least.
Commissioned to investigate the Left's ridiculous Trump-Russia electoral collusion conspiracy theory, Mueller, with his scorched-earth, shock-and-awe tactics, remains the Left's best hope to drive the 45th president of the United States from the White House. Democrats still refuse to accept that the irretrievably corrupt Democrat Hillary Clinton was flattened by Republican Trump in the election 13 months ago. Working with the Deep State, former President Obama launched his own insurrection against the Trump administration even before it came into being.
Although there is still no evidence of wrongdoing by Trump or of an underlying crime, Obama loyalists like former attorney general, Eric Holder, are threatening to lead potentially violent large-scale protests if President Trump fires the out-of-control special counsel. This is not, as the leftist chant goes, what democracy looks like. These people are in effect screaming at their own straw man after Democrats spent the last few days whipping up hysteria that Trump was on the verge of firing Mueller, something he steadfastly insists he has no intention of doing – even though he has every reason and every right to give the swamp-dweller the boot.
The president's lawyers reportedly realized Mueller had obtained transition team emails from the General Services Administration (GSA), which hosted the 73-day-long transition's "ptt.gov" emails, when prosecutors started using them as the basis for questions posed to witnesses. According to Axios, “the fight” between Mueller's office and the White House “involves emails from the accounts of 12 officials, including members of the political leadership and foreign-policy team. One of the accounts alone includes 7,000 emails.”
The GSA, among other things, helps to facilitate the peaceful transfer of power from one administration to the next. The Presidential Transition Acts of 1963 and 2015 “authorize the Administrator of GSA to provide the President-elect and the Vice-President-elect the services and facilities needed to assume their official duties.”
Mueller bypassed Trump transition officials and lawyers by taking it upon himself to seize thousands of emails owned by the transition authority but held by the GSA. According to the National Archives “materials that [presidential transition team] members create or receive are not federal or presidential records, but are considered private materials.” The GSA signs agreements with transition teams, agreeing to delete “all data on [computing] devices” used by transition officials.
“When Mueller's people found out that the transition records were not yet deleted,” left-wing public interest law professor Jonathan Turley writes, “they demanded their surrender despite the fact that Trump officials claimed that the material held privileged information that belonged to the transition team and is subject to protection from discovery.”
Trump transition lawyers say Richard Beckler, at the time GSA general counsel, agreed that the transition records were the property of the transition and that his agency had no right to access or control the records. They also say Beckler assured them that any demands for records from Mueller's people would be forwarded to transition lawyers. GSA now denies Beckler made any such declaration. He was hospitalized in August and has since died. Trump's attorneys claim that Mueller's investigators took advantage of Beckler's illness and seized the emails while he was in the hospital. Mueller's people say they followed the rules.
But Turley does not seem convinced the GSA had the authority to hand over the records to a third party and warns that it may be impossible to prosecute any crimes that may be discovered because the evidence would be tainted.
“The move was legally unprecedented and strategically reckless,” Turley writes. “In a gratuitous muscle play, Mueller may have added a potential complication to the use of evidence that could contaminate much of his investigation in any later trial.”
All Mueller needed to do was follow the proper protocol and request access to the transition emails through channels and he would likely have gotten much of what he wanted.
“But that is not the Mueller way,” writes former federal prosecutor Andrew C. McCarthy, “as we saw with the utterly unnecessary pre-dawn raid on the home of [former Trump campaign manager] Paul Manafort — busting in with a search warrant and guns drawn, at the very time Manafort was cooperating with congressional committees, and when he was represented by well-respected lawyers through whom Mueller could have requested production of whatever materials he was seeking.”
Mueller's investigators must have known that Trump's transition entity, Trump for America (TFA), asserted ownership and control of the presidential transition team (PTT) records, McCarthy suggests.
The main issue here is not whether Mueller had the legal power to request that GSA, the third-party custodian, voluntarily turn over all the PTT records to the special-counsel investigation. It is also not whether GSA had the authority to comply with the request. The real question is why did Mueller choose to proceed in this sneaky manner?
This sneakiness was wholly unnecessary.
By following the correct procedures, McCarthy notes, in the end “Mueller would have gotten whatever files he was entitled to review, and Trump's counsel would have been permitted to withhold anything that was truly privileged.”
But why follow the rules when the mainstream media treats you like a rock star?
Mueller thinks he is above the law. And so far no one has held him accountable.
We represent the institutional voice of an American newspaper, so perhaps our view on free speech should go without saying. After all, our human endeavor was enshrined in the Constitution as a right. It would be absurd to claim this for ourselves while denying it to anyone else.
But recognizing absurdity when we see it is no less troubling, especially when such hypocrisy tarnishes essential institutions of higher learning and threatens to turn out young people woefully unprepared for life in a democratic society.
College students standing together in opposition to racism, sexism or other societal ills is often positive. Their combined voices have pushed the academy — and, by extension, society — forward. No American versed in our constitutional protections would deny them their right to assembly or expression.
The problem is when the pendulum swings wildly off kilter, and these same students insist not only that we hear their voices — but that their voices are the only ones worth hearing.
This unstructured movement has evolved from the political correctness of the 1980s and 1990s. What we've seen at such institutions as Yale, Missouri and Wesleyan, among others, isn't a struggle to speak but a fight to suppress.
Social media and other digital communication supercharge the effect. So we see cellphone video of a Yale undergrad theatrically castigating a housing master for defending an opposing view on, of all things, Halloween costumes. Or an assistant professor in mass media calling for “muscle” to eject a reporter from public campus space at the University of Missouri, as students chant that “reporters have got to go!”
UCLA students rail about damning “microaggressions,” seemingly innocent comments that nevertheless cast another matchstick onto the victimhood fire. Not to mention “trigger warnings,” which some professors now must add to any class reading that could include thoughts that might bruise.
In Middletown, Conn., student government at Wesleyan University voted to cut funding for the Wesleyan Argus student newspaper. Students stole and destroyed copies of the paper, lest its content singe their eyes. The paper's offense? One issue included an op-ed — opinion writing — from a self-described “moderate conservative” that took issue with some tactics and messaging of the Black Lives Matter movement.
This image of a Wesleyan student's statement is not viewable on your device
It seems today's student can declare a “safe space,” apparently surrounded by a mental force field barring words that contradict held beliefs or otherwise cause emotional distress.
That such an attitude can find purchase on college campuses can have a chilling effect on everyone from administrators to lecturers to professors to students, janitors and cafeteria workers — anyone, left or right, who treasures free speech in a free nation.
Dissent is more than an American tradition. It's a foundational tenet. Thinking, writing, speech — whether you agree does not affect its value. That is a lesson worth carrying into the real world.
Man charged with indecency at gas station
A 43-year-old Trumbull man was given a misdemeanor summons for public indecency after police were told he could be seen masturbating in his car while parked at a Post Road gas station last Friday evening.
Jamie Salinas, of Anita Circle, was released on a promise to appear July 31 at state Superior Court in Bridgeport.
Police received a call from a customer at the Citgo station at 2047 Post Road. She said after stopping next to Salinas' car, which was parked right by the station's door, he could be seen masturbating, according to the report.
Salinas, however, told police that he had to relieve himself and, because of a disability, was told by his doctor that he should not walk a lot, according to the report. So, he told police, he was urinating into a coffee cup.
When officers arrived, Salinas' pants were “riding low” and his zipper was down, according to the report.
America's Dangerous Self-Deceptions Editor's Note: In 1984, as the U.S. national elite was embracing “American exceptionalism” as a core philosophy, Ronald Reagan's UN Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick branded those who still dared disagree with U.S. foreign policy as disloyal citizens who would “blame America first,” a clever turn of phrase widely applauded by Washington's courtier press. Yet, the consequences of that assault on meaningful self-criticism are now painfully apparent, as the United States stumbles around the world increasingly viewed as a destructive behemoth blind to its own shortcomings and deceptions, as Lawrence Davidson notes in this guest essay: Benjamin Disraeli once labeled Britain's government "an organized hypocrisy." That was in circa 1845. Things have not changed much and by now hypocrisy might well be seen as a common sin of democratic government. Email
Printer friendly This is because in democracies straight-forward honesty about behavior that runs counter to the idealized national image is usually bad politics. Among today's democracies none proves this point more than the United States. The United States, like Great Britain in the 19th century, simultaneously acts like an imperial power and cultivates a national image as the world's prime purveyor of good government, stability and progress. However, history has taught us that a nation cannot be both of these things at once. So the folks in Washington have created for themselves an environment wherein principle and consistency are impossible. Take, for instance, the following:
1. A stolen election in the Ivory Coast has resulted in active disapproval on the part of the U.S. government. After all, this is not good government.
President Obama slapped sanctions on the fellows who stole the vote and urged the United Nations to send more troops (some 9,000 are already in the country) to set things right. On the other hand, the November parliamentary elections in Egypt (presently a U.S. ally) were an outright farce. The opposition was banned, jailed and otherwise intimidated. Not at all good government. And Washington's response? Nada (nothing). If you claim to be the prime purveyor of democracy in the world, are you not supposed to be consistent?
2. Then there is the yet unproven Iranian nuclear weapons program. According to studies done by U.S. intelligence, this program is a myth. Nonetheless, Israeli paranoia has stirred up U.S. congressional passions. Iran is now proclaimed a destabilizing rogue nation. The United States has proceeded to apply one package of sanctions after another on Teheran. There are actually men and women among our elected officials (obviously more swayed by the whisperings of Zionist lobbyists than by U.S. intelligence reports) who are quite willing to go to war over this unsubstantiated threat. Considering the cost and horror of such action, I think that they, regardless of age or sex, should be in the front combat lines of any conflict resulting from their misplaced enthusiasm. Not to be undone in this effort, European Union countries also seek to put pressure on Iran to stop something that, according to U.S. intelligence agencies, is not happening.
On the other hand there is Israel (America's "strategic" ally), the source of much of this mania. That country is in violation of international law in ways that Tehran could never match. Its expansionist policies are the main destabilizing force in the entire Middle East. It is religiously devoted to the ethnic cleansing of an entire people while claiming that it is civilized and "Western." And, Israel has 200 or more nuclear warheads, the missile systems to deliver them, and a leadership whose reckless disregard for world peace makes Ahmadinejad look like a model of sanity. If the United States seeks stability in the Middle East so that region may be a reliable source of oil, should it not be concerned with Israel as well as Iran? So, what does Washington have to say about the loaded warheads in Israel? Nada. And the EU, well, they plan to admit Israel into the European Organization for Nuclear Research.
3. Latin America has always been an arena wherein the U.S. preaches good government and development. But on the ground, hypocrisy rules. Cuba, Venezuela, Guatemala, Nicaragua and El Salvador are or were hounded by one American administration after another because their leftist governments were, by definition, bad governments. Simultaneously, the same administrations backed the murderers and torturers who once passed for political leaders in places like Argentina and Chile. Washington also backed the Contras and called these violators of human rights, "freedom fighters." It has gotten to the point where the number of people living south of the Rio Grande who now trust the U.S. government is dwindling fast. And some of those who still do so also cheer the South and Central American death squads funded by various American corporations and trained by the U.S. military's infamous School of the Americas in Georgia. What does Washington have to say about this skewed situation? Nada.
These are just a few examples of the contradictions that beset the idealized U.S. national image. As the skepticism that can be found in Latin America, and now the Middle East too suggests, belief in this America really stops at the its borders. Beyond that point the ideal image is increasingly seen as masking a form of aggressive narcissism. Yet inside the borders, most are still true believers. Our national self-image dominates to the point that we can apply Andre Gide's adage, "the true hypocrite is the one who ceases to perceive his deception, the one who lies with sincerity." I think many of our politicians fall into this category.
Why Is It So?
Why are things this way? Well, as mentioned above, believing in a national image that is unhinged from reality has something to do with it. American politicians know that identifying yourself with the idealized U.S. (democracy, stability and progress, etc.) is a winning political formula. But how do you bury the contradictions? You either hide your hypocrisy behind a thick cloud of secrecy (a la the WikiLeaks affair) or you obscure your double standards with mass propaganda. Washington uses both strategies. If you pursue these strategies long enough and consistently enough you build yourself a "thought collective" – groupthink on a national level. Within the thought collective self-deception and rationalization become high arts and soon both the leaders and the followers no longer notice the underlying hypocrisy. It also helps that most of the public is indifferent toward the world beyond their local sphere. Indifference results in ignorance and the void left by ignorance is readily filled with manipulative misinformation. Nor do the indifferent care about government secrecy on subjects that appear to have no relevance to their daily lives.
To make all this a bit clearer, think about your own experience. When you act in the world things usually work out if the ideas and beliefs in your head match well with the reality outside you. However, when those ideas and beliefs do not match up with outside reality, things almost never go well. Indeed, at such times you can walk right off a cliff. America's idealized national image, along with all the spin coming from its powerful political and media elites, constitute a good part of the notions floating around the collective "U.S. head." Over the last 50 years or more those notions have become ever more detached from reality. Vietnam, Iraq, the September 11th attacks were all symptoms of this growing fact. Much of the rest of the world can see this, but rather than face the grim truth, most Americans are determined to maintain their collective self-image through stubborn self-deception and hypocrisy. And, there is no telling how much longer this can go on? Lawrence Davidson is a history professor at West Chester University in Pennsylvania. He is the author of Foreign Policy Inc.: Privatizing America's National Interest; America's Palestine: Popular and Offical Perceptions from Balfour to Israeli Statehood; and Islamic Fundamentalism. To comment at Consortiumblog, click here. (To make a blog comment about this or other stories, you can use your normal e-mail address and password. Ignore the prompt for a Google account.) To comment to us by e-mail, click here. To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read, click here. Back to Home Page
The Bangalore franchise is like the bright kid in school who is well versed with everything, but forgets all of it during the actual exam. Their IPL 10 journey has begun on a horrible note, with no Virat Kohli to start the tournament, and KL Rahul sidelined for the whole edition.
As has been the case for several seasons, Bangalore's team balance seems skewed towards the batting side, despite the absence of Kohli. The composition isn't ideal, especially because players like Gayle and Watson don't play for their respective nations anymore, and the bowling is also low on international experience.
Also read: IPL 2017: Bookmakers tip RCB to win the title
It is up to the big names to stand up and deliver, and the youngsters to play the supporting role with earnestness. Here's a look at what the starting XI might look like against the Sunrisers Hyderabad for their opening match:
Openers:
Chris Gayle
The maverick is back. His stocks might have dropped, and the appearances diminished, but Chris Gayle, even at 37, can smack a cricket ball far and wide. The RCB top order is reeling with injury blows, and a characteristically free-flowing Gayle might have to play a more responsible role at the top.
A proven star for the Bangalore franchise, Gayle didn't have an exceptional IPL 2016. The recent Pakistan Super League failed to see him generate even one 50+ score. The signs aren't good, but Gayle has never worked on track records. Watching the vociferous Bengaluru crowd cheer from the sidelines of a tiny Chinnaswamy ground, the giant might wake up and deliver a sucker punch.
Shane Watson
His last international game was exactly one year ago. Yet, he has been plying his trade with T20 leagues around the world, more recently in the Big Bash and the PSL. The numbers might not be very impressive, but returning to the IPL, a tournament that gave his career a huge boost, might bring back the Watson of old.
He hinted at playing high up the order, and with no Virat Kohli or KL Rahul to open the innings, he might return to reprise the opener's role, a job that he did with aplomb for the Rajasthan Royals. Also in the focus will be his bowling, for the innocuous medium pace has been a regular feature across seasons.
Middle order :
AB de Villiers
Things have changed a lot for Mr. 360 since IPL 2016. In the form of his life throughout 2015, de Villiers fell off the tracks after a back injury brought a halt to his charge. Reports further came in that he was close to retiring from Test cricket.
Ever since his comeback in 2017, he has been in sublime form, notching up a string of good scores to get back to his former explosive self. With no Kohli to start the IPL with, the captaincy mantle will shift to the South African. Also, given that de Villiers has to shield the middle order, he might find it tough to for the kill straight away.
Mandeep Singh
The diminutive attacking batsman, who had been on the fringes of national selection for a while, finally got his break last year, when he made his T20I debut for India against Zimbabwe. Before that, Mandeep made all the right noises in the domestic circles, and also in the IPL (he was the highest run-getter for Kings XI Punjab in the 2012 season).
Last year, he managed to play just one match, before an injury ruled him out of the season. KL Rahul came in to fill in the gap, and the move resurrected his career. One year later, with KL Rahul injured, Mandeep can come in and do the same for himself.
Lower middle order
Kedar Jadhav
The rewards might have come a little late, but 32-year old Kedar Jadhav is finally getting the right opportunities. Given a more prominent role of a finisher in the recent ODI series, Jadhav has emerged as a dependable batsman with an eye to pick gaps and the ability to soak in pressure. Given that the RCB middle order is fickle, someone like Jadhav can bring sanity in the middle if a collapse takes place.
Also, the fact that AB de Villiers might have to lead the side, Jadhav is likely to emerge as the frontrunner to don the keeping gloves. He might not be brilliant behind the stumps, but he can do the job decently.
Sarfaraz Khan
The injury to Kohli might be a blessing to Sarfaraz Khan, who has been pipped by head coach Daniel Vettori to now have a more prominent role and regular starts in the team. He grabbed eyeballs with some scintillating power hitting in the last two seasons, showing amazing control and enterprise years ahead of his age.
Last year, he managed to sneak into the playing XI on only five occasions, but played his role down the order to brilliant effect, as demonstrated by his jaw-dropping strike-rate of 212.90. A clean hitter of the ball, Sarfaraz, still 19, will be the ideal No.7 for RCB.
Stuart Binny
The internet can be a harsh place, and it did not spare Stuart Binny when he hurtled to an all-time low against West Indies in 2016, getting pasted by Evin Lewis in a T20 (he got smacked for five sixes in one hour). The emergence of Hardik Pandya completely edged out Binny, and with age not on his side, an Indian recall looks bleak.
To harbour any hopes of getting a place back, Binny will have to have a stellar IPL. And, as much as Binny needs the IPL, RCB needs Binny to kick. Already looking fragile, the line-up could gain from Binny's flexibility as an all-rounder.
Spinners:
Iqbal Abdulla
They might have Pawan Negi in their ranks, but the RCB team will most likely go with Iqbal Abdulla, one of the unsung heroes of their campaign last year. With their bowling resources looking dodgy, the RCB opted for Abdulla late last year, and the 27-year old did not disappoint them.
In eight matches last year, Abdulla took six wickets, and also showed his prowess with the bat in the qualifiers. His tight lines hardly give the batsman any air to breathe, and present RCB additional spin options apart from Chahal.
Yuzvendra Chahal
2016 turned out to be the year that changed Chahal for the better. After a fruitful IPL, Chahal got a call-up to the Indian team, and proved his mettle with some match-winning performances in the next six months. He bowls nagging lines and teases the batsman with his guile, traits that he has learnt from his time as a chess player.
In 13 matches last year, he took 21 wickets, the most for his franchise, and held the bowling together throughout the season. This year, with the bowling still looking weak, Chahal will be banked upon to repeat his heroics.
Pacers:
Sreenath Aravind
From being told by doctors that he might never play again in 2008, to being RCB's leading wicket taker in 2011, Aravind has been the story of resilience and hard work. He isn't a flashy performer, but a quiet worker who lets his bowling talk for him. In 2015, he came in as replacement, and was integral in getting the initial wickets for RCB last year.
With a brittle bowling attack for company, and the absence of Mitchell Starc, Aravind will have to step up and be counted. Also, given that a quicker Aniket Chowdhary is in contention, Aravind won't have it easy in the playing XI.
Tymal Mills
RCB's brand-new recruit comes with a reputation to live up to, and while he might take some time to settle at first, he can be the X-factor RCB was looking for. A strapping left armer with an unconventional bowling style, Mills is the ideal T20 bowler, mixing up his regular deliveries with those bereft of pace. His battle from a congenital back problem to a Rs. 12 crore contract this year has been one of the most inspiring tales of the year.
With Mitchell Starc not in the mix, Mills will become a key component to dispel RCB's bowling woes. Chris Gayle believes that he can help RCB lift their first title. Hopefully, he doesn't go the Chris Jordan way.
Scientists Find Evidence Human Ancestors Used Fire One Million Years Ago
Photo: R. Yates
Scientists say they have identified the earliest known evidence of the use of fire by human ancestors. An international team led by the University of Toronto and Hebrew University found microscopic traces of wood ash, alongside animal bones and stone tools, dated to one million years ago at the Wonderwerk Cave in South Africa. This is 300,000 years earlier than humans were previously thought to be using fire.U of T anthropologist Michael Chazan, co-director of the project, says, "The analysis pushes the timing for the human use of fire back by 300,000 years, suggesting that human ancestors as early as Homo erectus may have begun using fire as part of their way of life."Wonderwerk (pictured above) is a massive cave located near the edge of the Kalahari where earlier excavations have uncovered an extensive record of human occupation. Analysis of sediment by lead authors Francesco Berna and Paul Goldberg of Boston University revealed ashed plant remains and burned bone fragments, both which appear to have been burned locally rather than carried into the cave by wind or water. The researchers also say they found extensive evidence of surface discoloration that is typical of burning.Chazan says, "The control of fire would have been a major turning point in human evolution. The impact of cooking food is well documented, but the impact of control over fire would have touched all elements of human society. Socializing around a camp fire might actually be an essential aspect of what makes us human."The research was published here the
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
THE Barack Obama who addressed Americans at near midnight on March 21st had every right to gloat. After a year in which his proposals for health reform were savaged by Republicans and leftists alike, and declared dead half a dozen times by everyone, he has somehow managed to get them over the finishing line.
The reform package is made up of two bills. One, a flawed and pork-laden version of health reform passed by the Senate before Christmas, has now been approved by the House; Mr Obama signed this on March 23rd. The other is a “reconciliation” bill meant to fix some of its flaws, and the House also passed this. Because this is a new bill, the Senate has to pass it too. It can do so under special “reconciliation” rules that require only 50 votes, not a filibuster-proof 60. As The Economist went to press, it looked set to do so.
What will it mean to America? The short answer is that the reforms will expand coverage dramatically, but at a heavy cost to the taxpayer. They will also do far too little to rein in the underlying drivers of America's roaring health inflation. Analysis by RAND, an independent think-tank, suggests that the reforms will actually increase America's overall health spending—public plus private—by about 2% by 2020, in comparison with a scenario of no reform (see chart). And that rate of spending was already unsustainable at a time when the baby-boomers are starting to retire in large numbers.
The heart of the new reform is a restructuring of America's flawed insurance market. Insurers now face tough new regulations forbidding such practices as dropping people with “pre-existing conditions” (real or trumped up), or putting lifetime caps on coverage.
In return, though, the insurance industry will benefit from a big expansion of the country's private insurance market. Heavily regulated exchanges, or insurance marketplaces, would be set up so that consumers not covered by employer-provided plans today could shop for ones more easily. Insurers would be required to offer plans that meet minimum government requirements for health coverage, and to price them transparently.
Some 32m of the country's 49m or so uninsured (most of those left out of the new scheme are undocumented aliens) would, starting in 2014, be required to take out insurance. The working poor and uninsured earning up to $88,000 a year get subsidies on a sliding scale so that they can afford to buy coverage; the poorest of all will be added to the rolls of Medicaid, a health scheme for the indigent. It is this binding requirement on individuals that exercises conservatives most.
They point to recent studies done by the Cato Institute, a libertarian think-tank, which, they claim, are early warnings of trouble to come. Cato recently examined the impact of introducing health reforms similar to Obamacare in Massachusetts a few years ago. It estimates that the law has not improved people's health, but has led to a “substantial crowdout of private coverage” and to 60% fewer young (and presumably healthy) adults moving to the state. It claims that the “leading estimates understate the law's cost by at least one third.” Premiums have also risen.
If coverage is the new law's strong point, cost control is its weakness. That is not to say that most ordinary people will pay more for coverage, as critics of reform noisily insist. True, some of those forced to buy insurance will earn too much to qualify for subsidies, and so will be spending more than they do today—but, in return, they will get insurance plans that offer more generous coverage than current basic plans. What is more, many other Americans may end up with lower premiums.
The vast majority of workers enjoy health insurance today through employer-provided schemes. RAND estimates that by 2019 the employer-provided system will benefit from 6m new (mostly healthy) customers, and that premiums for everyone in that system will drop by 2% versus business-as-usual.
Fine, but what about costs to the federal government and the overall health system? The Congressional Budget Office (CBO), a non-partisan agency, estimates that the new health reforms will cost the federal government some $940 billion over the next decade. Of that, roughly $400 billion will be spent by 2020 on the subsidies and about $500 billion on increased spending on Medicaid.
But that underestimates the full cost of this new reform. Elizabeth McGlynn of RAND points out that the huge numbers of newly insured—who now typically skip medical care or simply turn up, in a crisis, in emergency rooms—will soon consume a lot of routine medical services. She thinks this spending will expand the country's health outlays even more than the direct cost to the federal exchequer.
This need not be a waste of money. Spending more on routine care today is sure to save some money in the long run: paying for someone to pop statin pills daily, for example, is much cheaper than treating his eventual heart attack. The snag is that economists disagree on whether and how much this will really save the government or the health system. What is clear, argues Ms McGlynn, is that this new spending will improve the health and probably extend the lives of those many unfortunates currently without insurance.
So how is the bill going to be paid? The CBO's analysis suggests that the federal deficit will be slashed by well over a trillion dollars over the next two decades by this reform. That suggests this reform effort is fiscally prudent. Not so, howl Republicans. Paul Ryan, a Republican congressman, believes the reforms will prove a “fiscal Frankenstein” (meaning the monster) because the CBO's rules on “scoring” bills have led it to rely on several sleights of hand.
For example, insist critics, a big chunk of the savings is made up of politically implausible cuts in doctors' reimbursements (known as the “doc fix”) and in Medicare, the government health scheme for the elderly. Also, some of the income provisions will kick in soon, but the main spending on subsidies will not begin until 2014—skewing the ten-year analysis. The cost to the government of expanding coverage over the ten years from 2014 to 2023 will be $1.6 trillion, not $940 billion.
Such talk infuriates Peter Orszag, the head of the White House's Office of Management and Budget and the administration's most important health expert. He insists all the fuss about ten-year windows obscures three big ways in which this reform will curb costs, by shifting the incentives in the delivery system to reward value and results rather than mere piecework (or “fee for service”).
The first big idea that he stresses is the creation of a new agency to spearhead innovation and scale up any of the many pilot schemes contained in the bills that manage to reform delivery or payment systems. It is true that the reform effort began with earnest intent to “bend the cost curve”. Alas, explains Mark McClellan of the Brookings Institution, the most meaningful proposals have since been watered down or delayed.
The second lever of change that Mr Orszag says is underappreciated is an excise tax introduced on the most expensive (or “Cadillac”) insurance plans. Most economists like this idea, as it is likely to discourage excessive consumption of health care. Unfortunately, because of political pressure from labour unions and other groups, the Cadillac tax has been diluted, and delayed until 2018. Sceptics wonder if a future Congress will really implement this tax when the time comes. Mr Orszag is right that, if implemented, this provision will represent an important lever of cost control. But it's a big “if”.
The third and strongest argument Mr Orszag makes is for the potential of an independent payment-advisory board on Medicare spending. Under the new law this group is to make recommendations to Congress on how to reduce the rate of growth in spending per head in Medicare if that expenditure exceeds a target figure.
Sceptics abound. Yes, the approach succeeded when used by the Pentagon to decide which military bases to shut down. But an earlier version of this idea, known as MedPAC, flopped because Congress simply ignored even worthy ideas that proved politically inconvenient. And the new law carves out a ten-year exemption for hospitals—appalling, when one considers that runaway costs and misaligned incentives in hospitals lie at the very heart of the cost problem. But Mr Orszag believes this approach will help in two ways: it insulates tough decisions from politics, and it encourages ongoing reform rather than one-shot heroics. Critics say that is a lot of faith to put in a weakened body.
All this points to the only certain thing about Obamacare: that this is just another episode in the long saga of health reform. Indeed, by adding tens of millions of people to an unreformed and unsustainably expensive health system, this reform makes it all the more urgent to tackle the question of cost.
On that, at least, left and right seem to agree. Paul Krugman, an economics professor at Princeton and a liberal booster of reform, wrote on the eve of the votes: “There is, as always, a tunnel at the end of the tunnel: we'll spend years if not decades fixing this thing.” Robert Moffit of the Heritage Foundation, a conservative think-tank opposed to the effort, agrees, albeit in darker terms: “This marks the beginning of the next phase of this hundred years war.”
The 2020 presidential election won't occur for another 1,399 more days, and yet Democrats are already trying to beef up their progressive credentials for the party's primary.
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) announced a plan on Tuesday morning with Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders (I) offering free two-year community college to New York families with an income of $125,000 or less, reported The New York Times.
Cuomo stood side-by-side with Sanders, two former political enemies who blasted each other last April on the issues of gun control and minimum wage, declaring free college as the future.
The bill is set to cost more than $160 million annually and would need approval by the Republican-controlled State Senate, so it's not even guaranteed to pass. However, Cuomo's no fool. He knows that in order to gain any hopes of snagging the Democratic nomination in 2020, he would have to win over progressives like Sanders.
As Governor of New York, Cuomo has been praised as the face of moderate Democrats, who is fiscally moderate and socially liberal having backed both gay marriage and property tax caps. He works well with the Republican State Senate and has even campaigned for those who voted for some of his agenda.
He's also had an openly hostile relationship with progressive New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and has barely lifted a finger to repair the broken Democratic Party in the State Senate, some of whom caucus with Republicans.
For all those reasons and more progressives aren't buying his “come to Sanders” moment on education policy. Brendan O'Connor wrote in Jezebel on Tuesday an article entitled “Andrew Cuomo is a f****ing snake.”
“Andrew Cuomo wants to be loved,” O'Connor wrote. “He wants to run for president. He is also the embodiment of a morally bankrupt Democratic Party that has failed, at every juncture, to live up to any of the ideals it purports to hold dear. Andrew Cuomo is a snake. He should be allowed nowhere near the 2020 presidential election.”
Still, Cuomo realizes that he has a golden opportunity, there are just a handful of statewide elected Democrats with the pedigree to run for president and progressives are between a rock and a hard place.
He thinks that if he can cater to enough of them to be acceptable, he can be a male Hillary without the e-mails.
Latest Videos
A Sanders Fan Asks About Church Teaching on Voting
A reader writes:
Could you please write something about voting for non-prolife candidates? I'd like to tattoo Bernie Sanders somewhere on me, but first I need to know catholic teaching on this. What is church teaching here? I feel like abortion aside, someone like Sanders is more pro-catholic teaching than any "pro-life" Republicans. I shouldn't put quotes over pro-life. I'm sure some are. Nevertheless, is it ok to vote for Sanders and if so, how does one justify voting for a pro choice candidate? Just thought it would be a great and much needed article
Fulfilling a long-standing death wish, I agree with you that this is an interesting question and will make an interesting article guaranteed to stir passionate debate. However, I also have to point out that the first thing to know about Church teaching on such matters is that, if I do my job well here, you will discover that the Church has no teaching per se about whether or not you should vote for Bernie Sanders or anybody else (though it does urge you to vote). The Church's intellectual and moral tradition on such questions is not geared toward telling you what to think, but how to think: how to navigate the varying prudential decisions that must be made in order to cast a vote with a reasonably quiet conscience. And that means different Catholics will arrive at different conclusions in good faith.
I know. I know. "Go not to the Elves for counsel, for they will say both 'No' and 'Yes'." Still and all, that's what we're looking at here. With God's blessing, we can take a step toward thinking with the mind of Christ in a world of complicated and competing goods. Or, with my incompetence, I can perhaps leave you paralyzed in moral confusion--which can itself inspire you to try to learn more (hint: start with the Catechism.
To begin with, let's start with full disclosure. As I made clear some five years ago, I will not be voting for either major party candidate but will be voting for Joe Schriner a Catholic with a consistent ethic of life, since I believe that, in a national election, the only thing my vote changes is not the outcome of the election, but me. Voting is, particularly in a national election, the stone in the stone soup of civic and social involvement. Of all the things you can do to help order the common good, voting is the least impactful on the outcome of the political process. But it is enormously and cumulatively impactful on the soul of the voter and, over the course of decades, can immunize the voter to compromise with evil on greater and greater issues as he seeks to support his party.
The result, in the case of the pro-life movement, has been the triumph of a political system in which nobody really votes for a candidate anymore. They merely vote against a candidate they detest more. Meanwhile, one party pretends to care about abolishing abortion (while its real energies are usually devoted to fighting the Church in favor of other evils it deeply supports) and the other party pretends to be afraid of abortion's abolition.
Here's the deal: Americans don't like abortion. And Americans have no intention of getting rid of it either. For their part, politicians are creatures driven by the task of vote-getting. And when a vote-seeker looks at the demographics he sees this: Only 20% of Americans (at best) think that abortion should be outlawed, just as only 25-30% believe in "abortion on demand without apology". The other 50-60% don't like abortion, don't want to think about it, and don't want to outlaw it. They wish that something or other could be done for a pregnant teen, don't want to do it themselves, and so sigh and resign themselves to letting them abort that kid because "who am I to tell her she's gotta face rejection by her boyfriend and parents, as well as lifelong poverty?". Like it or not, that's what 50-60% percent of our neighbors think and feel. And that's why Planned Parenthood can (dubiously) claim that 60% of Americans oppose a 20 week abortion ban and pro-lifers can similarly claim that 60% of Americans say abortion is morally wrong. Both are credible in their claims, because the American people are completely muddled about the question and believe both simultaneously. Like it or not, we prolifers who want abortion outlawed are a distinct (and it appears permanent) minority.
What this means for politicians is simple: find a way to harvest votes from the muddle. And the tried and true method for doing that with both parties is, every four years, to hiss darkly to their end of the ideological spectrum "If The Other Guy wins, your darkest fears will be realized. But if we win, then your wildest dreams will come true."
The result is that, on the Left, candidates (early in the election) try to scare their base (dominated by the 20% who are abortion zealots) with "Handmaid's Tale" visions of a theocratic fascist regime herding women into breeder camps. At the same time, these Lefty candidates promise a glorious future in which the right to abortion will never ever be questioned again. Then (later in the election) when the candidate needs to appeal to the mushy middle, all that gets dialed back to accommodate people with all the qualms. Want proof? Remember all the hysteria in 2008 about how Obama was going to sign the Freedom of Choice Act on his first day in office as he himself promised? Yeah. That was talk for the 20% on the far Left. And the moment he was elected, the Freedom of Choice Act was never heard from again. Why? Because politicians on the Left don't want to spook that 60% in the middle if they don't have to since they want their vote next time. Americans have an uneasy peace with Roe, they figure, so why rock the boat?
Meanwhile, on the Right the 20 out of 35 years in which the GOP has owned the White House (including periods in which they also owned the Congress as well) have not produced much indication of interest in overturning Roe either. Such GOP appointees as O'Connor, Souter, Kennedy, and John "Roe is settled law" Roberts, as well as the preposterous nomination of pro-abort Harriet Miers have consistently made clear that there is no serious interest in overturning Roe.
But there is great interest in harvesting votes at election time.
So, for instance, a Rand Paul will make a play for the ardent prolife base out at the other end of the bell curve by sponsoring a Life at Conception Act. But he will also allay the fears of the mushy middle by assuring them that, while he dislikes abortion as they do, he will also make "thousands of exceptions" so that abortion will still go on. Likewise, for decades, pro-lifers have been told that, this time for sure, a GOP win will mean that the Supreme Court will finally be peopled with prolife jurists who will overturn Roe. George Weigel resuscitates this hope again in a recent issue of First Things:
With a view to encouraging that, here are two suggestions for what Catholics in America might ponder before November 8. (1) The most important numbers to keep in mind between now and Election Day are “78,” “80,” and “83.” Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer will be 78 by November 8; Justices Antonin Scalia and Anthony Kennedy will be 80 by then, and Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg will be 83. If the actuarial tables mean anything, those numbers suggest that the next President of the United States is likely to get two, perhaps three, and just possibly four, nominations to the Court.
The thing is, nothing really happens and very little changes, even when the GOP owns the White House and both houses of Congress. But a significant and useful constituency has the carrot of prolife rhetoric dangled in front of it, as well as a stick which, when applied, makes clear to prolifers that if they expect some quid they better cough up the pro quo. So support on everything from unjust wars to torture to tax plans to hostility to refugees to maintaining the death penalty to a host of other things having nothing to do, or in obvious and direct conflict with, the Church's prolife teaching magically becomes part of the "prolife agenda" and prolife people find themselves working harder and harder for the GOP while getting more and more distracted from the original simple goal of ending abortion. Still and all they tell themselves hopefully, "As long as you vote for the lesser of two evils, you are A-OK."
But this year, of all years, that hope is profoundly challenged by the ascendancy of Donald Trump. In 2012, many and many a reader told me that, rather than vote for a third party candidate, I was "morally bound" to vote for the "lesser of two evils" and for a candidate who "had a hope of winning". In English, this meant "Vote for Romney or God will judge you responsible for the death of the unborn." One even likened my refusal to do so in the last election with (incredibly) the sin of Onan. (There was, of course, never any consideration of the possibility of voting for a candidate who does not intend to do evil but instead aimed to do good.)
Now here's the problem for a constituency that has, for decades, been catechized to believe "Vote the lesser of two evils or the baby gets it": on the question of abortion, there is essentially no difference between Trump and Sanders.
Oh sure, Trump has professed a prolife "conversion" about ten seconds ago, in order to get the prolife electorate to vote for him, but it is transparently fake, and anybody can see that from the fact that after his "conversion" he was trumpeting abroad how "phenomenal" his ardently pro-abortion sister would be as a Supreme Court judge, as well as making excuses for (but not apologizing for) taking vengeance on his infant nephew with cerebral palsy (cutting off payments for his medical care) in a spat over Daddy's money. His non-apology: "I was angry [at the boy's parents that] they sued." More recently, we have seen Trump simultaneously pander to a gullible prolife organ about Roe while simultaneously defending the funding of Planned Parenthood. All of which is to say we have absolutely no reason whatsoever to believe he has really rejected a word of this:
If this sounds familiar, it's because it is identical to Clinton's famous formula of wanting abortion "safe, legal, and rare"--which is pretty much standard boilerplate for the whole Democratic party--including Bernie Sanders.
So should the GOP go completely insane and nominate Trump, anybody who says we must vote for the lesser of two evils will have to select some evil other than abortion to make a comparison with Democrats. And if the metric is still the preservation of human life then somebody who seriously cares about being prolife will have to reckon with the fact that Trump, in addition to being every bit as pro-abortion as Sanders, also favors committing war crimes. He has called, for instance, for the deliberate cold-blooded targeted murder of innocent women and children in war:
"The other thing with the terrorists is you have to take out their families, when you get these terrorists, you have to take out their families. They care about their lives, don't kid yourself. When they say they don't care about their lives, you have to take out their families," Trump said.
The term for this, both in Catholic moral theology and in US law, is "murder". If you excuse such murder on the basis that the ends justify the means, congratulations: you have just joined the ranks of those who say exactly the same thing about the killing of innocent unborn human beings.
Relatedly, Trump has called for the resumption of the grave sin of torture, and without even the lying excuse typically offered by partisans of this evil, that it "keeps us safe" by giving us valuable intelligence. On the contrary, he says, "Even if it doesn't work, they deserve it anyway." (Dilawar, an innocent cab driver who was beaten to death by the US, and Gul Rahman, an innocent man who was frozen to death by the US, could not be reached for comment.)
And for a topper, his spokeswoman has asked what the point is of having a nuclear triad if we are not willing to use it, as well as making repeated anti-Catholic remarks, even as Trump has suggested that Muslims should have their first amendment rights revoked (something Catholics in a country with a rich legacy of anti-Catholicism should ponder long and hard before cheering).
What those committed to "lesser of two evils" thinking will do given such a choice, I don't know. As for me, I'm voting for Joe Schriner. Meantime, we should all ponder how it has come to pass that, after 35 years of faithful service to the Republican party, prolife Christians are already being told (and lamely trying to tell themselves in some cases) that a pro-partial-birth abortion, quadruply-married strip club owner who says that he has never seen any need to ask God for forgiveness and whose mouth is a fountain or brutality, lies, arrogance and racism could somehow be somebody they "must" support. How did we get here? And how do we avoid being dragged any further away from our goal of saving children by this repeated and now spectacular Mission Creep that afflicts us each and every election cycle?
programs that work 3.1 & 3.2
Once a year, we ask all the elitefts™ team members, writers, volunteers, and friends to come together and produce a Holiday Training Manual that will become the best eBook of the year. All of these elitefts™ Holiday e-books are priced under $20.00 and every cent gets donated to The Make-A-Wish Foundation® of Ohio, Kentucky and Indiana.
If you scan the web for other programs, methods and training protocols you will find very few for under $20.00, and you will not find any that have over 40 programs by people who actually know, live, coach and do what they preach. You are lucky to find ONE that is written by someone who has lived and coached Under The Bar.
If you were to hire just one of these coaches to write a program for you it would cost far more than your investment in this e-book. There are even several contributors that have NEVER publicly released any of their programs until now. Nonetheless we guarantee these manuals will exceed your expectations or we will give you your money back.
Yes, you read that right. THESE manuals. This year we had hundreds of programs sent to us and cut these down to the best of the best and still couldn't fit them all in one manual.
What will this do for you?
These books are packed with over eight hundred pages of detailed training instruction. Featuring over eighty expert programs, these contain more practical information and inspiration than you could find in decades of independent research. Whether your goal is to increase strength, muscle size, athletic performance, and powerlifting totals, or whether you simply desire to become the very best non-competitive gym meathead you can be, these eBook can serve as your road map to make it happen. Prepare for the best year of progress in the gym!
These are without a doubt the best eBooks we have ever been a part of —perhaps the best eBooks on training ever compiled.
As with our previous holiday eBooks, all proceeds from this book go to The Make-A-Wish Foundation® of Ohio, Kentucky and Indiana to help provide wishes for children battling life-threatening illnesses. For many of these children and their families, the wishes granted give them a short reprieve from the treatments, tests, and medical procedures that have become a dominant part of their lives. This is an important cause that relies on the kindhearted assistance of businesses and individuals. Your purchase makes a difference in the lives of these families.
While you certainly will be bettering yourself and your lifting career with this manual, that's just a perk. Helping to bring a little hope and light into a child's day—that's a greater accomplishment than any PR will ever be.
*The 2013 MAW eBooks are only available for purchase during the holiday season. These eBooks will expire on December 31st
Get the Programs That Work E-Books here
Table of Contents (Volume 1)
Raw Powerlifting, Building the Core Lifts by Clint Darden
Jump Higher and Run Faster - Utilizing Contrast Training to Become More Powerful by Nic Bronkall
Conjugate Periodization for Novice Powerlifters by Dave Kirschen
8-Week Training Program for Swimming by Craig Sowers
12 Weeks to Push-Pull PRs (For Beginner and Intermediate Lifters) by Andrew McGunagle
Softball Training Principles by Dan Stevens
Basic Powerlifting Program by Bryan Mann
Basketball Programming by Brad Potts
Triphasic C.C Template by Jennifer Petrosino
12-Week Program for Athletes by Todd Hamer
12-Week Conjugate Program for Raw Powerlifting by Joe Schillero
High School Throwers Freshmen Cycle by Mike Gattone
3 x 3 Variation by Gabriel Naspinski
In-Season Strength Training for Soccer by Mladen Jovanovic
Comeback Routine by Al Caslow
12 Week Lacrosse Strength and Power Program by Mike Kozak
Iron Lion Strength Method-Linear Periodization-Mark I by Alexander Cortez
Pre-Season Wrestling Training by Jim Kiritsy
A Pre Raw Meet Cycle by Scott Yard
8 Week Off-Season Strength Training for Football by Mark Watts
The Transition Program by Mike Stuchiner
Men's Basketball Training by Matt Rhodes
10 Week Sumo DL Cycle by Zane Geeting
9 Week Summer Football Weight Training Program by Chad Scott
Never Drop A Deadlift – Grip Program by JL Holdsworth
RTS Warm Up by Mike Robertson
Deadlift Program When Not Squatting by Matt Ladewski
Rehab Workout by Jeff Guller
Rest Not Rust – Two Weeks Leading Up To A Bench-Only Meet by Vincent Dizenzo
3-Way Split Push/Pull/Legs by Shelby Starnes
Bench Program for Geared Bench by Josh McMillan
Beginner's Program by Adam Driggers
Matt Kroc Bench Program by Matt Kroc
Just Dance for the Wii Training Program by Mark Watts
10 Week Bench Program by Joey Smith
Prowler Training by Harry Selkow
The World's Strongest Man Experience by Clint Darden
4 Week Special Needs Training Plan by Sheena Leedham
8-Week Program to Improve your Powerlifting Total & Strongman Events at the Same Time by John Gaglione
Speed and Conditioning for the Young Athlete by Julia Ladewski
6-Week Training Program for 2013 NAS Master's Strongman Nationals by Chase Karnes
Maximum Effort Training for the Front Seven by Joe Kenn
Seven Week Squat Phase by Leo Totten
5 Week Women's Soccer Strength Training Program: Speed Strength by Ed Smith Jr.
6 Week Pre-Competitive Phase Basketball Speed, Agility, & Conditioning Program by Matthew Nein
BONUS PROGRAM
70 Week s4 Training Program by Dave Tate
This is the actual set by set, rep by rep and percents used for the lifters who train at the s4 compound. This Program is split into 4 phases:
*Phase 1 - 33 Weeks Based on Building Muscle Mass (to move up a weight class.
*Phase 2 - 8 weeks based on the setting up this new muscle into a working unit that will be used to build absolute strength.
* Phase 3 - 13 weeks of building strength and technique back to baseline meet prep.
* Phase 4 - 16 weeks of peaking absolute strength levels to PR levels.
Summary: Many s4 lifters wanted to move up a weight class. Rather than doing this by getting fat this program was designed to build muscle mass allowing them to fill out the next weight class up. While doing this a certain level of absolute strength was (and always will be lost). This is when strength capacity needs to be restored and then built to higher levels due to the increase in muscle mass. All goals were exceeded!
Get the ebooks here
Table of Contents (Volume 2)
Following the International Monetary Fund's controversial actions in the Asian financial crisis of 1998, when it conditioned liquidity assistance to distressed countries on government belt-tightening, it established an independent evaluation office (IEO) to undertake arm's-length assessments of its policies and programmes. The office has now issued a comprehensive critique of the IMF's role in Europe's post-2008 crisis.
Many of the IEO's conclusions will be familiar. IMF surveillance, intended to detect economic vulnerabilities and imbalances, was inadequate. While staff sometimes pointed to booming credit, gaping current-account deficits or stagnant productivity, they downplayed the implications.
This reflected a tendency, conscious or not, to think that Europe was different. Its advanced economies did not display the same vulnerabilities as emerging markets. Strong institutions such as the European commission and the European Central Bank (ECB) had superior management skills. Monetary union, for some less-than-fully articulated reason, changed the rules of the game.
Such self-serving claims were in the interest of European officials, but why was the IMF prepared to accept them? One answer is that European governments are large shareholders in the Fund. Another is that the IMF is a predominantly European institution, with a European managing director, a heavily European staff and a European culture.
Still on familiar ground, the report goes on to criticise the IMF for acquiescing to European resistance to debt restructuring by Greece in 2010; and for setting ambitious targets for fiscal consolidation – necessary if debt restructuring was to be avoided – but underestimating austerity's damaging economic effects.
More interestingly, the report then asks how the IMF should coordinate its operations with regional bodies such as the European commission and the ECB, the other members of the so-called troika of Greece's official creditors. The report rejects claims that the IMF was effectively a junior member of the troika, insisting that all decisions were made by consensus.
That is difficult to square with everything we know about the fateful decision not to restructure Greece's debt. IMF staff favoured restructuring, but the European commission and the ECB, which put up two-thirds of the money, ultimately had their way. He who has the largest wallet speaks with the loudest voice. In other words, there are different roads to “consensus”.
The Fund encountered the same problem in 2008, when it insisted on currency devaluation as part of an IMF-EU program for Latvia. In the end, it felt compelled to defer to the EU's opposition to devaluation, because it contributed only 20% of the funds.
The implication is that the IMF should not participate in a programme to which it contributes only a minority share of the finance, but expecting it to provide majority funding implies the need to expand its financial resources. This is something that the IEO report evidently regarded as beyond its mandate – or too sensitive – to discuss.
Was the ECB even on the right side of the table in the European debt discussions? When negotiating with a country, the IMF ordinarily demands conditions of its government and central bank. In its programmes for Greece, Ireland and Portugal, however, it and the central bank demanded conditions of the government. This struck more than a few people as bizarre.
It would have been better if, in 2010, the IMF had demanded of the ECB a pledge “to do whatever it takes” and a programme of “outright monetary transactions” such as those the ECB president, Mario Draghi, eventually offered two years later. This would have addressed the contagion problem that was one basis for European officials' resistance to a restructuring of Greece's debt.
One objection to imposing conditions on the ECB is that the eurozone, as a regional entity, is not an IMF member. Only countries, not regions, are entitled to draw IMF resources. Nothing, however, prevents the Fund from demanding policy commitments from regional bodies when lending to their member governments. This has been done before when African and Caribbean monetary unions and central banks were involved.
Finally, the report criticises IMF management for failing to ensure the adequate involvement of its executive board, an oversight committee of 24 national representatives. Board approval was sought, but only after the key decisions had already been made. The board was also forced to act under intense time pressure and lacked the information needed to challenge management recommendations.
The IEO's report suggests involving the board more meaningfully, in order to provide a counterweight to political pressure from regional stakeholders, but this merely threatens to substitute one form of political influence for another.
It would be better to allow an independent management team to make decisions free of political interference, in the manner of a central bank policy committee. This, however, presupposes freeing the IMF from dependence on financial contributions from its regional stakeholders. It also requires its management to demonstrate that it can consistently make decisions based on programme countries' economic interest, not on the political preferences of powerful national shareholders.
• Barry Eichengreen is professor of economics at the University of California, Berkeley; Pitt professor of American history and institutions at the University of Cambridge; and a former senior policy adviser at the IMF
© Project Syndicate
The last time Dominick Cruz fought, Demetrious Johnson was still an undersized bantamweight while B.J. Penn, who at one time was the biggest star below 170 pounds, had decided to balloon up a division and flounder among the welterweight fishes. It was largely a different world, and aside from Urijah Faber, the lighter weight classes had no major draw to call their own.
Though in truth, that reality hasn't changed much. Today, Johnson, Anthony Pettis, Gilbert Melendez, Renan Barao and Jose Aldo are all marketable fighters in their own right, but due to circumstances, a lack of activity or an inability to speak English, none have really broken through and cemented themselves as must-see television for the casual audience.
The dearth of stars has created an opening that Conor McGregor has been all too happy to jump through. Already, just two fights into his UFC career, the Irishman has cemented himself as one of the most compelling figures to watch under-170 pounds, at least in terms of sheer interest (and traffic) generated any time he opens his mouth.
Now, despite his relative youth, McGregor is spearheading a venture into his native Ireland for his third UFC appearance, and already has a slew of top-5 contenders mentioning his name to the media. Or as Cruz puts it, he's aware of the game, and he's playing it incredibly well.
"Really, it's just like anything else," Cruz said. "You hear what other people say and you take other people's constructive criticism, and add it to what you do until people like hearing what you have to say. And they either like it or they don't. Everybody likes hearing what Conor McGregor has to say. It's funny, he's clever, he's got a nice accent and he comes in and he always dresses sharp. All that together creates something that people want to watch on TV. It's entertainment.
"Fighters need to remember that we're in the entertainment business. And that comes from giving an interview, all the way to the end of the fight. The more entertaining you are through and through, from beginning to end, however you choose to do it, the more people are going to want to tune in, and the more butts you're going to put in the seats. That's something that all of us can take from a guy like Conor McGregor."
For his part, Cruz has always shied towards the ‘keep your head down and work' side of the spectrum rather than the chatty side that McGregor favors, especially since he's been sidelined for nearly three years with injuries. But with that being said, he freely acknowledges that McGregor's style is a far more effective tool in the UFC's nonstop, week-in, week-out world, where effective promotion is hard to come by unless you do it yourself.
And for McGregor, there's no doubting that it's worked. Top-ranked featherweights from Chad Mendes to Cub Swanson have already called him out in a sense, and if "Notorious" can get past Cole Miller at UFC Fight Night 46, it's not outside the realm of popularity that he could be one or two fights away from a UFC title shot, given his mounting popularity.
"He just doesn't care," Cruz explained. "Conor just doesn't care. You kinda gotta have that. That's what makes this sport fun.
"Conor McGregor has his own of doing things and it's made him extremely well-liked. Everybody wants to see what he's going to do from there. And more power to him, because he's doing exactly what he needs to be doing to get these fights that he wants."
Tokyo cops: Elite sports car club too fast, too furious
TOKYO (TR) – Tokyo Metropolitan Police on Wednesday announced the filing of charges against seven male members of a high-end sports car club for exceeding speed limits and licensing violations, reports the Sankei Shimbun (June 25).
At midnight on November 12 of last year, police observed the 49-year-old chairman of the Southeast Association driving a Lamborghini at a speed of 189 kilometers per hour on Tokyo's Bayshore Route in which the limit is 80. The chairman, who resides in Kawaguchi City, Saitama Prefecture, had also concealed the license plate of his vehicle.
The other members charged in the case, aged between 20 and 56, have been accused of similar violations.
The association began in October of last year. Up to 20 members of the group, many of whom drive Ferrari and Lamborghini vehicles, frequently gathered at a parking area in Tokyo's Koto Ward. However, residents of nearby apartments repeatedly complained about excessive noise due to engine revving and reckless driving.
The association disbanded sometime this month, according to Jiji Press (June 25).
If you've ever been to Barcelona, chances are you've heard of Antoni Gaudí. His architectural marvels are top tourist attractions and for good reason. There are seven Gaudí attractions in Barcelona: Sagrada Familia, Casa Milà, Casa Batlló, Park Güell, Casa Vicens, Casa Calvet and the Artigas Gardens.
Casa Batlló was built during 1904 and 1906 for Josep Batlló and his family. Instead of tearing down the existing structure, Gaudí designed on top of it. The use of glass and ceramic mosaics for color and texture are remnant of his expressionist style. What also makes this piece so fascinating is that Casa Batlló exhibits an equilibrated structure, meaning this building can stand on its own without internal bracing or external buttressing. Calling his architecture unique would be an understatement.
When you look at Casa Batlló from across the street, you marvel at its vibrant colors and skull-like balconies. You pay €16 (discounted student price, wee) and they give you an audio guide then off you go! You walk in and notice immediately that the house is very curvy. Casa Batlló isn't about clean lines and angles, all you see are circles, spirals and waves. The house has a consistent underwater marine theme.
Gaudí uses natural light to illuminate the house during the day. At the center of the house is an elevator that has access to all the floors. The blue tiles at the top of the shaft are dark and they become lighter as they descend. This technique balances out the bright sunlight coming from up top Again, so brilliant!
At a time when everyone on the block was competing to have the finest house, Gaudí blew the rest out of the water. It's the perfect house to entertain in. What better place to do it than the private back patio? At this point of the tour, I started to imagine the dinners and parties that took place at Casa Batlló, and I became envious of all those who were able to experience that. Woe is me!
When you reached the top floor before the roof, everything becomes white. The ceiling and walls of the laundry room floor were made to look like the insides of a whale. Great design looks beautiful but it also serves a functional purpose. The marine theme ensues!
Peace! Until next time 🙂
Advertisements
Jan 4, 2015; Indianapolis, IN, USA; Indianapolis Colts inside linebacker Jerrell Freeman (50) reacts after a sack of Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Andy Dalton (not pictured) during the third quarter in the 2014 AFC Wild Card playoff football game at Lucas Oil Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports
The Indianapolis Colts are making moves in an effort to improve a roster that is very close to making the Super Bowl.
The Colts haven't made nearly as many attention grabbing signings on the defensive side of the ball this offseason. Yesterday, we took a look at the probable depth chart on offense heading into next season and today we take a look at the defense.
The biggest issue for this team in their past two playoff losses has been stopping the run (although scoring seven points in the AFC Championship Game certainly doesn't help). They gave up 177 rushing yards to the Patriots and were generally picked apart defensively.
Defensive Line
It appears that the Colts will line up Kendall Langford and Arthur Jones at the defensive ends positions and will have Josh Chapman starting at nose tackle. Expect the Colts to use a liberal rotation, however, as only Jones has proven to be an effective starter (albeit with a different team).
The Colts have a number of options on the depth chart as well. Zach Kerr should be backing up Chapman at NT but he'll have competition for that role. Montori Hughes will be back from injury while Jeris Pendleton and Kelcy Quarles are also in the mix.
Most of the defensive line positions can be seen as interchangeable, with the exception of Kerr and Chapman definitively being nose tackles. This is one of the few positions on the roster that is lacking in true veteran leadership and the Colts seem to be taking a dangerous approach by assuming that mediocre players from last season will improve before next year.
The Colts will likely be looking at defensive line when the draft comes around at the end of April.
Outside Linebacker
It looks like the Colts are going to have some issues at the position this season, much like last year. We don't know when Robert Mathis will return to the lineup or what kind of player he will be. Jim Irsay recently stated that he might not be back until November.
For now, we'll look at who starts in Week 1 with Mathis likely sidelined for a bit longer. Erik Walden will retain his starting spot as the strong side linebacker while Trent Cole will fill in on the weak side for the time being.
Whenever he returns, Mathis will slip into the starting role and it will be a toss up as to whether Cole or Walden takes the other starting spot. Behind those three players is where it gets really interesting.
Jonathan Newsome had a very good rookie campaign and will be pressing for snaps in 2015, especially on obvious passing downs.
The odd man out will be Bjoern Werner, who seemed to regress last season. He'll likely make the roster if Mathis can't play at the start of the season, but unless he starts producing its hard to imagine him sticking with the team.
The Colts also have Cam Johnson and Daniel Adongo signed for next season. Both have shown flashes of being decent players, but neither has been able to stay healthy.
It's safe to say that there will be a decent amount of competition for the backup spots on the Colts roster during training camp.
Inside Linebacker
This position isn't going to change. The starters will be Jerrell Freeman and D'Qwell Jackson heading into camp. Freeman has yet to sign his qualifying offer, but its only a matter of time before he does.
I highly doubt that either will lose their starting role, but Nate Irving could potentially push for snaps. He's a younger version of Jackson and clearly talented enough to be a starter in the NFL.
Henoc Muamba is still on the roster as well but was only on the field for 23 snaps on defense last season. Josh McNary is still technically on the roster, but he's on the Commissioners Exempt List as he faces rape charges.
This is another position where the Colts can look to the draft to add depth.
Cornerback
The Colts will once again go with the duo of Vontae Davis and Greg Toler this season. Darius Butler will be the nickel corner.
Barring injuries, there won't be much change from last season at this position. Sheldon Price and Jalil Brown will compete for the fourth cornerback spot. The Colts also recently signed veteran Deveron Carr, but he hasn't played for a year and was as a special teamer for the Buccaneers.
It wouldn't be surprising to see the Colts use a draft pick on a corner to round out the ranks either.
Safety
Currently the Colts have Mike Adams starting at safety and a blank hole in the roster. There are few veterans still available, but the need might push the team to pull the trigger on someone soon.
Aside from Adams, the Colts have Colt Anderson, Dewey McDonald, and Winston Guy on the roster. While all three can play on special teams, none of them screams starter (or even whispers it).
With Adams being 34, the Colts should look to the draft to address the position. Although the position is thin this year, there are still a few interesting players the Colts could select.
The Department of Labor may not be enforcing protections for transgender employees of federal contractors — despite a three-month-old ruling by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission that should be applied to such workers under current Labor policies.
According to an investigation by BuzzFeed, in the past month alone the federal government has granted hundreds of millions of dollars of contracts subject to the Labor Department's oversight with companies that have not put in place rules protecting workers from discrimination based on gender identity.
Of the 10 federal contractors that received the most money in federal contracts in the past fiscal year, three do not have nondiscrimination policies that include gender identity. All three — Northrop Grumman, SAIC and L-3 Communications — have boasted of multi-million dollar contracts awarded this month.
Despite numerous requests for comment over the past three months, Labor officials have thus far refused to comment directly on the issue, including Labor Secretary Solis, who told BuzzFeed on Thursday that while she was familiar with the issue she could not comment because she has been traveling extensively.
"I know we've been working on this issue for a long time," Solis said, but, when pressed for her view of whether the EEOC decision was correct, she deferred to her subordinate, the head of the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, saying, "I direct you to [Patricia] Shiu, on my staff, my director there, because I'm just coming back from extensive traveling."
On April 23, Metro Weekly broke the news of the EEOC's ruling in the case brought by Mia Macy, a transgender woman in California who believes that the federal government discriminated against her based on her gender identity. The case, which tracked recent federal case law on the question of whether Title VII's sex discrimination prohibitions protect against discrimination against transgender people based on their gender identity, was hailed as “a big leap forward” by Masen Davis of the Transgender Law Center, which brought the claim.
Although employees of federal contractors aren't covered directly by the EEOC's ruling on Title VII, they are protected from discrimination based on Executive Order 11246, which was signed by President Lyndon B. Johnson. Since that time, the Labor Department's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs has been tasked with ensuring that all federal contractors doing any significant amount of federal work comply with the executive order, which prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, or national origin.
Since that time, however, this reporter — then reporting for Metro Weekly — has been seeking information from the Labor Department about whether the the contract compliance office would be applying the reasoning of the decision in Macy's case to its interpretation of the executive order's ban on sex discrimination by federal contractors. Neither Metro Weekly nor, since July 23, BuzzFeed have received any answer to that question, among others.
After receiving no initial response from the Labor Department back in May, Metro Weekly sought information from outside experts about the applicability of the EEOC decision to the federal contractor provision.
The Williams Institute — a research institute based out of the University of California, Los Angeles — released a report on May 4 addressing the issue, with Nan D. Hunter, Christy Mallory, and Brad Sears writing that the Labor Department federal contract compliance office “has an explicit policy of interpreting the nondiscrimination requirements of [Executive Order] 11246 in a manner consistent with Title VII principles, and has followed EEOC regulations and guidance in enforcing [Executive Order] 11246.” The report also noted that the office's Federal Contract Compliance Manual states that the office's policy is to interpret the executive order “in a manner consistent with” Title VII.
Labor spokespersons have not responded in nearly three months to questions asking about the implications for the executive order's enforcement or, after the Williams Institute's report was issued, further questions asking whether the contract compliance office concurred in the Williams Institute report's findings.
Tico Almeida, the founder and executive director of Freedom to Work, has been critical of the Obama administration's failure to take more action to protect LGBT workers from discrimination. He told BuzzFeed, "Freedom to Work believes that the federal government should give current contractors — and any other employers who may at some point apply for federal contracts — clear and fair notice of any new rules for workplace fairness."
Asked if she had been involved in any decisions about the issue, Solis said, “We've been talking about it, yes. Policy-wise, yes." But, pressed for specifics, she directed questions to Shiu because of her recent "extensive traveling."
While Solis was traveling, however, Northrop Grumman on July 23 detailed that the Air Force had awarded it “two contract modifications totaling $156 million,” SAIC on July 17 stated that the General Services Administration's Federal Systems Integration and Management Center awarded it a “task order [that] has … a total contract value of approximately $76 million,” and L-3 Communications on July 10 announced that U.S. Special Operations Command had awarded it a contract whose “value is up to $500 million over the next five years.”
Further conversations with Labor Department officials on Thursday resulted in no response as to whether the federal contract compliance office was, for example, advising federal contractors — like the three major contractors awarded new contracts recently — that they could be violating Executive Order 11246 if they discriminate against an employee based on gender identity, which would be the case if the executive order is interpreted in alignment with the EEOC's ruling in Macy's case.
To contrast, Justine Lisser, a senior attorney-advisor in the EEOC's communications office, told BuzzFeed on Thursday that the director of the Office of Federal Operations confirmed that “the Macy decision was shared with all [agency and department Equal Employment Opportunity] directors at one of our periodic [Equal Employment Opportunity] Directors meetings.” Lisser also noted that the decision, among other issues would be discussed at an upcoming EEOC conference at the end of this month that “brings together people from agencies' EEO offices, stakeholder groups, HR personnel from federal agencies and the private bar for a major annual training conference.”
Freedom to Work's Almeida pointed out, though, that the Labor Department's failure to respond to any inquiries about the issue means that "it is not yet clear that the Labor Department's approximately 800 investigators who enforce Executive Order 11246 have been given the same kind of notice, training, and guidance regarding their expanded jurisdiction to protect transgender Americans from discrimination by federal contractors."
The one-off payments, which will cost the government $42bn and constitute the country's biggest cash handout in history, started in March and will trickle into millions of bank accounts by July.
Australians have been urged to spend the money on locally-owned businesses to keep their fellow citizens in employment.
The payments include a $950 back-to-school bonus aimed at helping families with school-age children and $900 for Australians earning less than $100,000 a year.
Announcing the scheme, Wayne Swan, the treasurer, said the payments would provide "vital support" to Australia's economy.
"What we've got to do now is to roll up our sleeves, get on with the job of supporting households and businesses, and above all supporting jobs," he said.
So far, the government has already hailed the payments as a big success.
Some retailers have recorded bumper sales, with shoppers choosing to spend their stimulus payments on clothing and accessories.
Retailers in Melbourne's city centre said sales had increased over the Easter weekend, with one woman buying $900 worth of clothing in one purchase.
But the payments have been criticised by the opposition as a "cash splash" that is going to the wrong people and being spent overseas.
Reports have claimed that dead people and foreigners who lived in Australia briefly before returning to their home countries have received the bonus cheques and that several people had spent the money on holidays outside of Australia.
"I'm a Canadian pensioner who worked in Australia many years ago," one man wrote to the Sydney Morning Herald. "The money has been used to take a lovely trip to Niagara Falls with my granddaughter ... Thanks again for the money."
The Australian economy is teetering on the brink of recession as a result of the global downturn, which has driven up unemployment and eroded tax receipts. Last week's budget contained a near-record deficit of A$57.6 billion, equivalent to 4.9 per cent of gross domestic product.
The government has ruled out issuing any further stimulus payments.
Problem
We want to use Windows Active Directory to authenticate a user into the application. However, we do not want to use Active Directory groups to manage authorization of controllers/views.
As far as I know, there is not an easy way to marry AD and identity based claims.
Goals
Authenticate users with local Active Directory
Use Identity framework to manage claims
Attempts (Fails)
Windows.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory - Doh. This is for Azure AD. No LDAP support. Could they have called it AzureActiveDirectory instead?
Windows Authentication - This is okay with NTLM or Keberos authentication. The problems start with: i) tokens and claims are all managed by AD and I can't figure out how to use identity claims with it.
LDAP - But This seems to be forcing me to manually do form authentication in order to use identity claims? Surely there must be an easier way?
Any help would be more than appreciated. I have been stuck on this problem quite a long time and would appreciate outside input on the matter.
Search Gallery Elf Hamzilla15 8 League series Aatrox Hamzilla15 12 Advertisement Advertisement Lulu splash fan rework Hamzilla15 48 Candy Tristana splash art Hamzilla15 10 Syndra Updated fan splash Hamzilla15 27 Trick or Treat Lulu VFX Abilities Hamzilla15 3 Trick or Treat Lulu Splash Art Hamzilla15 11 Dragon Trainer Heimerdinger Splash Hamzilla15 9 Emerald Tahlyia Splash Art Hamzilla15 5 Spirits Hamzilla15 5 Winter walk Hamzilla15 8 Zayna Hamzilla15 9 Cold Hamzilla15 8 Concept drawing of Zayna Hamzilla15 5 The Grand Tree Hamzilla15 5 Original Character Head Sketches Hamzilla15 4 Mei from Overwatch Hamzilla15 15 Knocks Out Vi Splash art Hamzilla15 5 Star Guadran annie fansplash Hamzilla15 16 Elf Portait Hamzilla15 1 Demon girl portrait Hamzilla15 10 Mei anime screenshot Hamzilla15 11 Sombra anime screenshot Hamzilla15 20 Nerf this! Hamzilla15 11
The mass molestation of women in Bengaluru during the midnight celebrations at New Year brings to mind the similar outrageous incident that took place in Cologne last year.
The kneejerk reaction of the Indian political establishment was to blame "western culture" - Karnataka's Home Minister G Parameshwara blamed young women for their western attire, while Samajwadi Party leader Abu Azmi blamed the late-night revelries as a western import.
Rewind to a year ago, and in another part of the world, immigrants were blamed for the sexual violence, asylum seekers were rounded up as suspects, and the right-wing seized the opportunity to talk about "rapefugees".
Violence against women is universal, so, we end up with multiple iterations of the same tragedy, with eerily similar responses: In India, the ruling class blames western culture. In the West, the ruling class blames immigrants. This blame game achieves its intended aim: It outsources trouble, diverts attention from the misogyny on the domestic front and normalises violence against women.
Whenever I hear western culture being taken to task for home-grown, home-made misogyny, I'm tempted to produce an encyclopedia of evidence of sexual violence within Indian culture.
In Ramayana, our oldest epic, the nose, ears and breasts of Shoorpanakha are chopped off by the brothers Ram and Laxman because she expresses desire. Ram is the great god who is revered by the right-wing Hindutva; it is to build a temple in his name that the Babri Masjid was demolished.
The second most-popular Indian deity, Krishna, when not pontificating on karma or playing war-games, is depicted as hiding away the clothes of bathing women to tease and taunt them.
We also have in Indian history the macabre and well-settled practice of burning widows on the funeral pyres of their husbands, child marriages, ordering oppressed caste women not to cover their breasts, levying a breast tax on these women, forcing women of the lower castes into ritual prostitution, honour killings for those who defy caste diktats on marriage, and public lynching for those who dare to speak out.
Culture is a very nebulous term, and "Indian culture" is as much a construct as "western culture", and yet, for all its lofty ideals and grandiose posturing, whatever it represents remains an endless chamber of horrors.
Denial and disbelief
It was not merely the diabolical comments of the politicians following the Bengaluru incident that caused social media outrage, but the denial that followed. In an attempt to absolve themselves of any responsibility, the Bengaluru police held that such mass molestation never took place.
They cited statistics to say that police control rooms had not received a single phone call complaining of molestation. This necessitated several women to open and speak up about similar incidents that they had faced.
The groped breast is a universal reminder to all cis and trans women who carry breasts - here, this is fear that must stalk you; here, this is the biology that you cannot escape.
In the face of an all-powerful denial machinery, it has become almost mandatory for women to share personal histories so that other women's claims of being at the receiving end of misogyny are taken seriously without the legitimacy of their words being compromised.
Every time we are asked to comment on violence against women and transwomen, we barter a part of ourselves: an outburst of tears to accompany a first-person narrative of domestic violence; an impassive face while making a public disclosure about sexual abuse in childhood.
Details of parts of the body, wound up in hushed whispers, to dissect the methodology behind custodial rapes or judicial pronouncements. We measure out our indignation so as to not invite society's ire against us.
We speak from personal experience, and when we see our testimonies being subjected to relentless questioning and allegations of falsehood, we begin to rely on statistics.
OPINION: Indian Muslim feminists - we are reformists not traitors
Somewhere in this extended process, slut-shamed and victim-blamed, we are reduced to being the nothing more than the violation that was enacted upon our bodies: the woman of the groped breast, the woman of the pinched bottom, the battered woman of the violent marriage, the woman of the multiple gang rape, the woman of the date-rape, the young woman sold into prostitution, the corpse that endured custodial torture...
The woman's body as battleground of resistance
Once limited within these humiliating acts of violence, the dehumanisation ensures that we are no longer individuals. The sadistic corollary of this experience translates into something even more heinous: because we are no longer individuals, the violence and violation of any woman is the violation of all women.
The groped breast is a universal reminder to all cis and trans women who carry breasts - here, this is fear that must stalk you; here, this is the biology that you cannot escape.
The charred corpse of a new bride no longer remains a symbol of misogyny and snatched dreams - it is a reminder that women who do not pay the price of dowry and deference to their husbands will suffer a similar fate. To inhabit the female body then becomes a conflicting experience: we move from living within a site of violence towards transforming it to a battleground of resistance.
These acts of resistance, as exhilarating and empowering as they prove to be, are also the precise excuses that patriarchy peddles around to explain and justify violence against women.
The reasoning extended goes like this: You had violence visited upon you (groped/pinched/felt-up/beaten/raped/murdered) because you did this (wore short clothes, wore no clothes, wore revealing clothes, loved a man of the wrong caste, stepped out of home, stepped into the street at the wrong time of day, went to work, went partying, got drunk, got on a bus, were speaking to a man of a different religion, did not pay enough dowry, talked back, and so on).
Prowling the streets by night in search of bodies to violate, this toxic masculinity has managed to enthrone itself as lawgiver by day. Patriarchy's act of violence is made to appear as a natural reaction to the defiance and disobedience against patriarchy.
Perhaps, in our radical ability to disobey lies our liberation as women.
Meena Kandasamy is a poet, fiction writer, translator and activist who lives in Chennai and London. She has published two collections of poetry, Touch and Ms. Militancy, and the critically acclaimed novel, The Gypsy Goddess. Her forthcoming novel, When I Hit You, Or, The Portrait of the Writer as a Young Wife (Atlantic Books, May 2017), explores the theme of domestic violence and marital rape.
The views expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera's editorial policy.
Law enforcement officers search for shooting suspects in San Bernardino, Calif. (Patrick T. Fallon/AFP/Getty)
On Wednesday, as police continued the hunt for the murderers of 14 people in San Bernardino, Calif., mainstream media outlets noted with alarm that “mass shootings” were outpacing the calendar. San Bernardino's massacre was the 355th “mass shooting” — in 336 days. The Washington Post's Wonkblog even provided a dramatic graphic:
The numbers are provocative — and, unsurprisingly, misleading.
The source of the much-publicized data is the “Mass Shooting Tracker” at shootingtracker.com, a crowdsourced page that defines a “mass shooting” as any in which “four or more people are shot in one event, or related series of events, likely without a cooling-off period.” Victims might include the gunman; the data is based on news reports.
There are obvious problems, one identified by the FBI in a 2014 report on active-shooter situations, which couches its own statistics by noting:
A handful of those identified as “wounded” were not injured by gunfire but rather suffered injuries incidental to the event, such as being hit by flying objects/shattered glass or falling while running.
Advertisement
Advertisement
It may be for this reason, among others, that the FBI does not define “mass shootings,” only “mass killings.” The latter are those incidents with at least three dead, a metric based on the Investigative Assistance for Violent Crimes Act of 2012, which passed into law in 2013 and grants the U.S. attorney general authority to aid in the investigation of “mass killings and attempted mass killings at the request of an appropriate law enforcement official of a state or political subdivision.” Under this definition, there have been 67 “mass killings” this year.
The Congressional Research Service, however, goes further: “Mass murder” is a multiple homicide with at least four victims, not including the offender; a “mass shooting” is a mass murder committed with a firearm; and a “mass public shooting” is a mass shooting “in at least one or more public locations, such as a workplace, school, restaurant, house of worship, neighborhood, or other public setting . . . and not attributable to any other underlying criminal activity or commonplace circumstance (armed robbery, criminal competition, insurance fraud, argument, or romantic triangle).” Using these definitions, Grant Duwe, in his 2007 book Mass Murder in the United States: A History, notes: “Excluding those that occurred in connection with criminal activity such as robbery, drug dealing, and organized crime, there were 116 mass public shootings during the twentieth century” (emphasis mine). The Congressional Research Service reported 317 mass shootings between 1999 and 2013, only 66 of which qualified under their criteria as mass public shootings.
RELATED: The Left's Cynical Gun-Control Reflex
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
This disaggregation of the data makes clear the problem with the Mass Shooting Tracker's chronicle: It fails to distinguish between the various types of mass shootings, of which some are more amenable to public-policy responses than others. Under the Tracker's broad definition, crimes are lumped together that have nothing in common — except for the use of firearms, and a certain number of victims.
#share#Consider the mass shooting that took place in Platte, S.D., on September 17, and left six people dead. It is, by death toll, one of the eight deadliest shootings of 2015. Why, then, did few people hear about it? Because the victims were the wife and four children of Scott Westerhuis, who police believed murdered them, then committed suicide. This was a tragedy. But it was also a wildly different circumstance than what transpired in Aurora, Colo., or Newtown, Conn.
Likewise, the mass shooting that caused the most injuries this year was the gunfight that took place between two biker gangs in Waco, Texas, in May. That was a heinous crime. But, again, it was very different from the targeted assault on Virginia Tech in 2007.
Advertisement
RELATED: Would Cracking Down on Guns in the U.S. Really Reduce Violence
It is not even necessary to drill down into the data to recognize that the Mass Shooting Tracker's catalogue is misleading. A quick glance shows that mass shootings, using the Tracker's definition, are concentrated exactly where one might expect — in large urban areas, many of them notorious for poverty, gang violence, municipal mismanagement, etc. Seven of this year's “mass shootings” were in New Orleans, ten were in Baltimore, and 14 were in Chicago; there were six in both Detroit and Indianapolis, and five apiece in St. Louis, Philadelphia, Miami, Houston, and Cincinnati. Concentrations of violence in metropolises suggest to any clear-thinking observer that we're talking about something different than the type of violence on display in Roseburg, Ore., in October.
And, in fact, gang-related shootings, crimes that occasion gunfire, disputes among families and friends that turn explosive — these account for the vast majority of “mass” gun violence in the United States. The Congressional Research Service reports that, of the average of 21 mass shootings (their definition) annually between 1991 and 2013, “familicides” and shootings “attributable to an underlying criminal activity or commonplace circumstance” were both almost twice as common as “mass public shootings” of the sort that more commonly arrest the public eye.
Advertisement
RELATED: Our National Rorschach Test of Violence
However, conflating the much rarer incidents — the Auroras and Newtowns — with the gang shootouts and familicides that are responsible for many more victims (57 percent more, total, between 1999 and 2013), is politically expedient. The notion that there is a James Holmes or an Adam Lanza wreaking havoc every day in the United States is a form of fearmongering, a way of whipping up the sort of worry that might make voters more amenable to the sorts of policy proposals liberals at the Washington Post and elsewhere already prefer.
#related#To that point, the curators of the “Mass Shooting Tracker” do not veil their own agenda, making pointed reference to the NRA; they believe their work, among other things, “punches a hole in the NRA argument that if mass shootings are televised, more mass shootings will occur via copycats” (an argument, by the way, that is almost certainly correct for specific types of shooters, i.e., not Crips or deranged husbands). As an example of the sort of under-broadcast shooting they have in mind, they cite the case of Travis Steed, who shot 18 people in Jackson, Tenn., in 2012, fortunately killing only one. But was Steed a demented killer, out to massacre innocents? No. He was one of three people who opened fire after a dispute broke out in a nightclub around 2 a.m. on a Sunday morning.
Advertisement
The Mass Shooting Tracker obfuscates the variety of circumstances that give rise to gun violence in the United States — and uses that misleading data to push a political point. On Wednesday, mainstream media outlets and politicians indulged in exactly the same behavior. Whatever policy prescriptions may exist to curtail gun violence in the United States, they ought to be based on an accurate assessment of the problem, not on data slyly misinterpreted by those with partisan purposes.
Denver Police say they've arrested two suspects after a man was shot and killed outside of a Capitol Hill convenience store just after midnight Sunday.
Authorities distributed photos of two people they believe were connected to the killing of 39-year-old Justin Slyter on Sunday. They have since been taken into custody.
Denver Police say Slyter was killed at the 7-Eleven on Colfax Avenue between Pearl and Pennsylvania streets. The suspects were seen driving away in a four-door sedan.
The suspect seen in surveillance photos wearing a grey hoodie has been identified as 25-year-old David Houston. The other was not identified because he is under 18, Denver Police said.
Investigators did not say what the motive may have been for the shooting, or if Slyter knew the suspects.
The Denver District Attorney's Office has not released what charges the two suspects may face.
Copyright 2017 KUSA
According to Oculus co-founder Palmer Luckey, Sony's PlayStation VR won't be as “high-end” as the Oculus Rift and will be nowhere near as powerful due to the limitations of the PS4. He also noted that both pieces of tech are targeting two different markets and that the PlayStation VR is still a good headset.
“I think that there's not many people who already own a PS4 who don't own a gaming PC who are going to go out and make that roughly $1,500 all-in investment in the Rift,” Luckey told the IB Times. “It really is a separate market. They're bringing virtual reality to a different group of people who I don't think were ever really a part of our market anyway.”
“It's also worth noting that their headset isn't quite as high-end as ours — it's still, I think, a good headset — and the PlayStation 4 is not nearly as powerful as our recommended spec for a PC.”
Due to the PlayStation 4 console costing considerably less than an Oculus Rift ready PC does, Lucky revealed that they made the Rift to be hardware that anyone could use and that it is the bare minimum of what is needed to but is still using the most advanced technology available today.
“We wanted to make hardware that everybody could use,” he said. “The Rift is really at the bare minimum of what that takes but also at the top end of what you can make with today's available technology.”
A PlayStation 4 can currently be picked up for £299 in the UK, with a PC powerful enough to run the Rift, along with the headset itself costing well over £1000.
The PlayStation VR currently doesn't have a release date or price, but it has been mentioned before that it could cost roughly the same price as a new console. If that is the case, the PlayStation VR will still be much cheaper than a PC with an Oculus.
Warning: contains spoilers for Doctor Who is a series 8.
When an opportunity arose to hear Steven Moffat dissect Doctor Who's recently concluded series 8 over the course of a ninety-minute Q&A, we straightened our imaginary bow-tie and went along. Not only did the RTS Doctor Who: Anatomy Of A Hit event include the showrunner, but also producers Nikki Wilson and Brian Minchin, director Ben Wheatley and Millennium FX artist Rob Mayor.
Chaired by Heat Magazine's Boyd Hilton, conversation ranged from Missy, to Daleks, lying and the absolute joy that is Peter Capaldi as the Doctor. We learned that Michelle Gomez turned down the first series 8 role she was offered before accepting the part of Missy, that Peter Capaldi used clips of Billy Connolly's “ranting old man” phase as an early reference point for his Doctor, that Samuel Anderson was the best of 12 potential Danny Pinks, and that the list of writers for series 9 is all sorted, not that they're telling us who's on it.
A highlight was seeing the series 8 scenes each panel member chose as their favourite, with two from Deep Breath (selected by Ben Wheatley and Nikki Wilson – the Doctor emerging from the dino-saliva-covered TARDIS and he and Clara meeting for lunch in the restaurant respectively), one from Listen (the blanket on the bed moment, chosen by Hilton), and one from Dark Water (Clara and the Doctor in the TARDIS immediately after the volcano scene, chosen by Brian Minchin and unbeknownst to him before that evening, also by Steven Moffat).
As the venue wouldn't hold all of you (Time Lord tech being notoriously tricky to get hold of), we've pulled out Moffat's salient chunks for you to chew over below…
On the promise of “longer scenes” in series 8:
I think I'm going to come clean on the longer scenes thing. I just fed that into the discussion at the beginning and said ‘oh, there's going to be longer scenes'. There aren't. Have you watched Day Of The Doctor? John Hurt and Billie Piper are in that barn for what seems like a year! We've always done long scenes in Doctor Who because frankly the budget runs out and people have to get involved in some urgent standing.
On how writers and directors get involved in making Doctor Who:
We approach people and a surprising number of people turn us down - I say surprising, I mean shocking and scandalous! [laughter]. We look at people whose work we like. Sometimes people approach us but most of the people at the level we are looking at, because it's not a job for a beginner, are very, very established.
On whom comes up with the ideas for episodes, him or the writers:
It's both. Peter Harness pitched the moon is an egg a couple of years ago, so that came from him and I liked it, the Orient Express came from me because I liked it. Most of the time we're pitching ideas to writers and getting them to do them, because you have to have a variety across all the episodes. But absolutely people come in and pitch. It's the same way as Russell [T. Davies] did, I think two of the stories I did for Russell were his ideas and two of them were mine, that's roughly how it works.
On how his showrunner role has changed since he started the job:
The terrifying thing about Doctor Who is that you discover at the start of every new show that you have learned absolutely nothing at all, that it's brand new. It always makes you feel completely like ‘oh, I thought I'd got the hang of this but I have no idea what to do”. There isn't a paradigm episode that you keep remaking, they're all very different, the scripts, the effects, the sets, the design, the casting, everything is different every time, that's what makes it a great show. I feel genuinely as inadequate and amateurish today as I felt on my first day.
On the “Clara Oswald never existed” red herring in Death In Heaven:
You're always trying to think, how do you grab people in the first few minutes, who are just leaving - because they're fools and they're leaving to go and meet someone in a pub and fall in love or something happy - you want them back in the room. She's not the Doctor, she's kidding on, but I thought we could just lie in the title sequence, swap their names around and put her face in the effects. Either you think, ‘my god, they really have done it?', or you think, ‘oh that's cheeky'.
On the scene between the Doctor and Clara immediately after the volcano in Dark Water:
I loved the scene. The acting is extraordinary and that is what I think has powered this series. I'm also proud of a line – I'm very rarely proud of anything I write – but I'm proud of the line ‘Do you think I care for you so little that betraying me would make a difference?' because I got obsessed when I started to write this that Cybermen have no emotion, so it starts with Clara unable to find a way to say I love you and ends with Danny unable to find a way to say I love you, there are two phone calls that book-end it, and in the middle, the cracked old Caledonian gets it exactly right, he says I love you perfectly. [...]
He's surprised he has to say it. That's the truth about him, he says lots of horrible things all the time, that's because he assumes all the other stuff is taken for granted and it's only in that moment Clara realises just how much he's assuming is taken for granted, absolute monomaniacal devotion to her. He absolutely loves her.
On the necessity of lying about the return of the Master in Doctor Who:
If you tell the truth all the time, there's no variety, there's no creativity, so we just make stuff up. I know that sounds terrible that I lied so completely and utterly, I didn't hint a lie, I just said, no, we're definitely not [bringing back the Master]. Look, if I were organising a surprise party for you, I would deny it. If you said ‘Are you organising a party?' I'd say ‘No!' because it would spoil the surprise party.
[…]It is impossible to keep a secret because so many people know, it's everywhere. So you have to rely on people playing the game and the press this year and the websites and so on were just brilliant, they absolutely played along every week with what we asked them not to mention.
On deliberately trying to mislead the public to keep Doctor Who's secrets:
Whenever I arrange skulduggery, no bugger ever notices. I had [Michelle Gomez] say she was a Random Access Neural Interface - which spells Rani - and we thought ‘everyone's bound to overhear that!' deaf bunch of… In The Day Of The Doctor, we went to the trouble of having John Hurt's character referred to as Omega throughout – is nobody stealing scripts these days?
When she did the actual line [revealing her to be the Master], she whispered, and what you hear was recorded later. Even the bit where Peter turns around and says “Easy if you're a Time Lord”, that was all just mimed so it could be sorted out later.
On the leaked episodes:
To be honest, I don't blame the guys who went and looked, cos I would've. I would've as a fan. It would have ruined it for me but a new Doctor? I'd have had to go and have a look. They have at least learned something, which is what episodes look like when we sign off on them, like Into The Dalek, it just looks ridiculous! It's some people running around some rooms that have an extraordinary fixation with green curtains. It's nothing at all!
On regenerating the Master as a woman:
The idea came before the casting. I thought ‘And she'll be a woman' then having said that, I then got lost for several months going ‘and what does that mean? So what?' That's exactly the kind of gimmick I'm always saying you shouldn't do, so what does it mean? I've always said in the past we cast the person, you cast an individual, you don't cast a gender, that's bananas – as she would say.
Fortunately, I was grumping around the office one day and I found a list for another part and Michelle Gomez was on the list and I thought ‘oh my God that would be brilliant, Michelle is the perfect person, I can write it now. I know what she's going to be like', only to discover they'd already offered her the other part. Fortunately she turned it down because she was busy - you assume when someone turns a part down because they're busy that they're lying and just don't want to work with you, because I know her and that would be a reasonable reaction - but then she sent me an email about a week later that said ‘I'm so horrified I had to turn it down, I really really want to be in Doctor Who. If you ever have a part for a razor-cheekboned villainess…' and I thought right, that's so happening. I wouldn't even discuss anybody else. It had to be Michelle, and I think, going by the response, that was right.
That made sense of it, what really mattered is that we got an arch-enemy performance that I think matches the amazing Roger Delgado and John Simm, those are stellar performances and that's another one that's every bit as good. She's alarming and she's scary, she's extremely funny, and you still vaguely side with her when she kills harmless, likeable, defenceless people.
On why fan avatar Osgood had to die in Death In Heaven:
I was aware that the Master as a character gets cuddly very fast, even the Roger Delgado version is one of the chums quite quickly. I thought if we're going to bring that character back, she's got to kill somebody you really like in the most merciless, horrific way and be really horrible about it. You've got to really lay it on the line that she's a truly awful, evil person, otherwise she just becomes a sort of comedy alternative Doctor who's a little bit naughty. You could say River Song was that in a way, but you've got to say no, this person is a really evil person. I don't know who the fan base are identifying with so I don't sit around thinking ‘I'll lure them into… and then kill that character!' That would be rude, and I wouldn't do it. It's someone who really wanted to travel in the TARDIS and then never got the chance because she got offed by the ex. It's not a sinister plan.
On whether Missy being wheeled around on a trolley was a Hannibal Lecter nod:
I was just thinking of the Doctor in The End Of Time, because I only have Doctor Who as a cultural reference!
On series 8's use of the horror genre:
We've always aimed for Doctor Who to be quite scary. That's not a new impulse. My memory of Doctor Who as a child is that I was absolutely terrified of it, a huge part of its mission statement is just to scare children senseless. Ben isn't just a frightening director, and man, he's also a Doctor Who fan so he knows how far you push that and how far you don't.
On Deep Breath's use of the clockwork androids from The Girl In The Fireplace:
The idea there was just that the Doctor gets to encounter an android that's rebuilt itself so completely, it no longer remembers what it originally was, so he gets haunted by that. I also quite liked the idea that we would reference an old episode of Doctor Who for the people who would remember it - which turned out to be quite a few - and then have the Doctor unable to remember it himself. It sort of reminds you that he's lived a very long and complicated life and not every detail we might remember is in his head. Also, there's something about giving Capaldi the idea that he doesn't remember the slushy episode when he fell in love with the girl, that's gone. That was really all I was aiming for. We're not going back to the clockwork droids… unless we are!
On the current ratings for Doctor Who:
The figures are the same - they're just the same. If by 'ratings', you mean the number of people who watch the show... they are the same. The headline - boring though it is - is that they've barely changed since Doctor Who came back. Since Matt Smith took over Doctor Who - the time I've been doing it - the number of people that watch the show on iPlayer has trebled. The way people watch it has changed. People watch it on catch-up to a much greater degree, but there is no drop-off in the ratings. For the record, if our overnights were our final rating, that would still count as a hit. I would be working hard, even as a Scot to be disappointed by that!
On whether future Companions will all be young women:
As to changing it up with the companion, we actually have changed it up quite a lot, look how different those girls have been. Wait and see.
What we have is probably the most enduring form of the show and I think will always tend back to it for whatever reason, but there's no reason you couldn't tend away from it and there's no diktat or special rule book left by Verity Lambert or something. We absolutely could vary it. The times they've varied it, it makes them work hard - you can see them struggling with Leela. She was a great character but they had to civilise her fast because it was getting hard to fit her into stories - but it's not a hard and fast rule at all.
On whether the future companion could be a shape-shifting penguin:
I'm going to go on record and say I didn't like the shape-shifting penguin. I didn't like it.
On whether he feels obliged to use the Daleks every series:
You certainly don't wheel the Daleks out because you've got a contractual obligation to provide Daleks.
On whether the Doctor will ever run out of regenerations:
To be honest with you, so long as Doctor Who is a success - which it's going to be forever - the Doctor will successfully regenerate. It is never, ever going to get in the way.
Read more about the Royal Television Society, who hosted the event, here. And read what director Ben Wheatley had to say abotu series 8, here.
Follow our Twitter feed for faster news and bad jokes right here. And be our Facebook chum here.
UPDATE: Rodgers-Cromartie will be taking a physical with the Giants on Monday, per Adam Schefter.
Jerry Reese views free agency in terms of waves. And as of Sunday, he might still be on the first.
The Giants expect to continue their visit with Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie tomorrow, according to a person familiar with the situation. The person requested anonymity in order to speak freely on the matter. The NFL network first noted the development.
Rodgers-Cromartie was believed to be one of the strongest free agent cornerbacks on the market after allowing just 44.1 percent of the passes thrown his way to be caught -- the second-best mark in the NFL last year.
Cromartie turned down a six-year, $54 million deal with the Denver Broncos before the start of free agency in a search to capitalize on the booming cornerback market this offseason. The Giants, though, appear to have kept him interested enough to return for another day.
The team already signed former Seahawks DB Walter Thurmond to a one-year deal today. Rodgers-Cromartie would complete a strong free agent haul in the secondary.
Do secret societies control our government? Discovery Channel turns history upside-down and reveals the role of unknown organizations in America's government -and beyond - with the new special SECRETS OF SECRET SOCIETES that premieres Sunday, Oct. 14 at 10PM ET/PT.
Freemasons step out of The Shadows to reveal the deepest secrets of the order. Skeptics may become believers as a leading member of the "Ordo Templi Orientis," one the world's most mysterious secret societies, presents never-before-seen rituals on television. Watch as the riddles behind everyday symbols in our culture reveal a deeper, darker role in our society.
Signs of secret societies that are hidden in plain sight are revealed throughout the architecture of Washington, D.C. Nothing appears as what it seems as secret society expert, Mitch Horwitz, provides insight to how the Freemasons guided some of the events that changed America forever. Evidence will point to well-known artists, politicians and scientists as members of the enigmatic Freemasons - even past Presidents of the United States. Other secret societies that will be explored include Skull and Bones, the Bilderberg Group, and the Bohemian Club.
SECRETS OF SECRET SOCIETIES is produced for Discovery Channel by Left/Right, and Ken Druckerman and Banks Tarver are Executive Producers. For Discovery, Executive Producer is Craig Coffman.
About Discovery Channel
Discovery Channel is dedicated to creating the highest quality non-fiction content that informs and entertains its consumers about the world in all its wonder, diversity and amazement. The network, which is distributed to 100.1 million U.S. homes, can be seen in over 180 countries, offering a signature mix of compelling, high-end production values and vivid cinematography across genres including, science and technology, exploration, adventure, history and in-depth, behind-the-scenes glimpses at the people, places and organizations that shape and share our world. For more information, please visit www.discovery.com
About Discovery Communications
Discovery Communications (Nasdaq: DISCA, DISCB, DISCK) is the world's #1 nonfiction media company reaching more than 1.8 billion cumulative subscribers in 209 countries and territories.Discovery is dedicated to satisfying curiosity through 149 worldwide television networks, led by Discovery Channel, TLC, Animal Planet, Science and Investigation Discovery, as well as US joint venture networks OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network, The Hub and 3net, the first 24-hour 3D network. Discovery also is a leading provider of educational products and services to schools and owns and operates a diversified portfolio of digital media services, including Revision3. For more information, please visit www.discoverycommunications.com
Related Articles View More TV Stories
Bombshell emails from the State Department show that a top official at the agency suggested to Hillary Clinton's aide, Huma Abedin, in August 2011 that the then-secretary of state begin using a government email account to protect against unexpected outages of her private email server.
But as the emails show, Abedin pushed back on the suggestion, telling the official, Stephen D. Mull, then the executive secretary of the State Department, that a State-issued Blackberry equipped with a state.gov email address “doesn't make a lot of sense.”
Besides showing that Clinton's top aides were against the idea of her using a state.gov email account, the emails show for the first time that top State Department officials were aware of Clinton's private email server arrangement.
The Daily Caller obtained the emails through Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed on its behalf by the government watchdog group, Cause of Action.
The State Department — and Clinton — have resisted questions about who inside the State Department knew about and signed off on the private server, which Clinton kept at her house in New York. The FBI seized that device in August after it was discovered that two “top secret” emails had been sent to Clinton.
Besides Mull, the emails show that Patrick Kennedy, the under secretary for management at the State Department, knew of the private server. Kennedy, a powerful figure within the State Department, handles logistical issues within the agency and was the official responsible for requesting emails from Clinton and her aides.
The first email in the Aug. 30, 2011, chain was sent from Mull and addressed to Mills, though Abedin, Kennedy, and Monica Hanley, another Clinton aide, were copied on the correspondence.
“Thanks for alerting me to the communications issues the Secretary has been having,” Mull wrote.
In the email, Mull mentioned Clinton's use of the personal email server and also proposed providing Clinton with a new Blackberry equipped with a state.gov email account.
“We are working to provide the Secretary per her request a Department issued Blackberry to replace her personal unit which is malfunctioning,” wrote Mull, noting that the device was malfunctioning “possibly because of [sic] her personal email server is down.”
The emails were sent in the days following Hurricane Irene, which affected much of the eastern seaboard.
Mull offered to prepare two Blackberries for Clinton, one of which would include “an operating State Department email account.”
And curiously, Mull noted that the official version “would mask her identity” but “would also be subject to FOIA requests.” By using a personal email account, Clinton avoided numerous FOIA requests filed during her tenure and after she left office in Feb. 2013.
Mull also suggested a new communications package for Clinton which, he wrote, “will include things that anticipate the normally unexpected such as hurricanes, power outages, earthquakes, locusts, etc.”
The package included “generators, uninterrupted power supplies, supplementary satellite capabilities, including satellite phones for when local infrastructure fails.”
Other emails released by the State Department have showed that Clinton's email sever crashed at least three other times. The crash in and around Aug. 30, 2011 seems to be the fourth documented outage. Other crashes occurred in October 2012, well after Mull offered suggestions to Clinton's staff, suggesting that the problem was never fixed.
Likewise, Mull's suggestion that Clinton begin using a state.gov-equipped Blackberry device was met with resistance from Abedin, the emails show.
“Let's discuss the state blackberry, doesn't make a whole lot of sense,” Abedin wrote.
The State Department has claimed in court filings that Clinton was not provided a government-issued Blackberry. In August, the agency stated in response to another FOIA lawsuit that it “does not believe that any personal computing device was issued by the Department to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, and has not located any such device at the Department.”
The filing made no mention of the effort to provide Clinton with an official device.
In her email to Mull, Abedin also asserted that “even the White House attested” that outages were a “pretty widespread problem, not just affecting us.”
“Thanks for reminding all of this very helpful context,” Mull responded solely to Abedin.
She emailed back: “It's pretty silly and she knows it.” It is unclear if Abedin was referring to Clinton or to Mills, who was the first to email Mull about the communications issues.
The State Department declined to comment on the contents of the emails.
“The Department is not going to speak to past email practices,” State Department spokesman John Kirby said in a statement to TheDC.
“There are reviews and inquiries underway and we are not going to get ahead of them,” he added.
“Secretary Kerry asked the Inspector General to look into these matters last March. We have worked closely with the OIG on his review and we look forward to his findings.”
Stephen Mull Emails to Cheryl Mills
In her email to Mull, Abedin also touches on what at first glance appears to be a covert maneuver to install communications equipment at a residence in the East Hamptons where Clinton and her husband, Bill Clinton, were vacationing during the week of Hurricane Irene.
“As for the equipment, the commo team was limited in some capacity because we did not have authorization from owners of the residence to install equipment,” Abedin wrote, adding, “we did it regardless.”
But TheDC reached out to Elie Hirschfeld, the owner of the vast estate, to find out whether the State Department had installed equipment without his permission.
In a phone interview, Hirschfeld said that he was surprised to hear about Abedin's email since he had met with Abedin and a State Department advance team before the Clintons arrived for vacation and had given blanket permission to install whatever equipment was needed.
This article has been updated with comment from the State Department and minor edits.
Follow Chuck on Twitter
So yesterday I posted a pretty snarky link to the black satire of Hey Baby, presuming that everyone would get it. Checking back in later, I realised that people really weren't. Since some of it was pretty noxious, I thought it best to close it. Leigh's written about her personal experience, but I'm going to explain the joke. Apologies to our female readers, but this one's going to be written for a male audience.
Okay: the game isn't about mowing down men. It's about male privilege and what male privilege feels like.
The game's rubbish, of course. But the one thing it does well is show how what you may think is an innocuous compliment feels in the context of a woman's life. You're approaching a woman in the street and being what you think is politely flirty is a different thing when, down the street, someone's suggested that maybe you'd like to suck my dick and you're a fucking bitch if you don't.
From her perspective, it's a culture of harassment she has to either politely deal with or ignore.
From your perspective, you're just showing how you feel.
That your passing desire means you get to derail a woman's life whenever you feel like it is the absolute definition of male privilege.
If you're a man, and you've acted like this, the woman you do it to, beneath the polite smile she has to offer, has probably fantasised about you dying.
That's what the game's about, and why I did the snarky tongue-in-cheek intro to the original post.
You can file it with any of the games which suggest that hyperviolence is an acceptable response to an everyday frustration – from jumping red lights in GTA, to mowing down cues in Postal to Sam ‘N' Max or whatever. Occasionally, after a bad day being hassled, someone is going to think “You know – cutting up men? Not that bad idea at all, the bastards”. And then laugh to themselves, swallow it and carry on.
Because they have to, unless they want to turn their whole lives into picking fights, shouting matches and being dismissed as an uptight feminist bitch. And why would they do that? Either way, they're still having to deal with men who think that her walking past is an invitation.
You don't think it's a major problem or it doesn't happen “that often”? Well, it's possible that you live in an area where it doesn't happen. It is possible. Or maybe it's because people don't get catcalled when they're with male friends. It doesn't matter – it happens in some places. We know because someone felt strongly enough to make a game about it.
Put it another way: you should be glad that someone has spent the time to tell you about it, because it's something you didn't know about before. And if you don't do it…well, great. The game's not about you. There's no need to be offended – though you shouldn't expect a medal for just asking decently. It's not a game about fantasising blowing apart men. It's a (blackly satirical) game specifically about blowing apart men who act in a socially unacceptable manner. You may as well get annoyed of the next Medal of Honor, as all the Axis forces you mow down are men. And if you're a shy guy feeling intimidated and worried they may have transgressed in the past… well, there are plenty of socially acceptable places to hit on people. Middle of the street almost certainly isn't one of them. If you don't do, what you got to worry about? And if you have done it… well, you know now and hopefully won't again.
But you should be disturbed by the game. You should be disturbed that we live in a world where a woman feels the need to make the game – and for other women to smile at it, recognising it. And I'm disturbed that so many of the original posters didn't seem to understand that, preferring to make it about them. Which is another sort of male privilege.
The reason why I'd keep the comments shut would be because the people who have to deal with this don't get an option to debate it. Go to the forum if you want to chat. For the women being catcalled, this is just how the world works and all they can do is tell their male friends how it makes them feel.
That's what Hey Baby is doing.
Be a friend. Listen.
Image is by the wonderful photojournalist Ruth Orkin.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
A new National Journal/Heartland Monitor poll has found that the growing economy is brought the Obama coalition home as the president's job approval rating has hit 51%.
Beneath the Allstate/National Journal/Heartland Monitor poll's finding that President Obama's job approval rating has reached 51% is evidence that the coalition of voters that powered the president to victory in 2008 is coming home to him again in 2012. Obama's approval ratings with Independents (49% in 2012 versus 52% in 2008), non-whites (76% in 2012 versus 80% in 2008), college educated white women (49% in 2012 versus 52% in 2008), and non-college educated white women (39% in 2012 versus 41% in 2008) are almost back to the levels that they were at on Election Day 2008. Obama's approval rating is now higher in 2012 among Hispanics (72%) and college educated white men (44%) than it was in 2008.
Obama still continues to struggle with white male voters, but his gains among Hispanics, Independents, women and non-whites are enough to push his job approval ratings higher. The president trailed the generic and somewhat meaningless Obama versus an anonymous opponent question, 44%-49%. (When are pollsters going to stop asking this question? It is now clear who the president's potential opponents will be in November.) However, the results of this question do illustrate the fact that the Republican Party would be better off running nobody instead of the candidates they have.
Two underlying factors are working in Obama's favor as he officially begins his campaign for reelection. Americans are optimistic about the economy. Sixty percent of Americans expected the economy to improve over the next year. Only 33% of those polled, a.k.a. the Republican base expected an economic downturn.
The other factor powering Obama is that most Americans believe that President Obama has the country going in the right direction. While only 11% believed that Obama's policies have made the country significantly better off, 45% felt that the president's policies have not yielded major benefits, but he is moving the country in the right direction. The Republican base revealed itself again as 36% believed the country was significantly worse off under Obama.
No matter who the Republican nominee is, they are going to have to argue that President Obama's policies have made the economy worse and that the only way the economy will improve is if the country changes presidents. The problem is that most Americans aren't likely to be very receptive to either of those arguments. Republicans are going to have to campaign pessimistically, when Americans are getting more optimistic. The fact that President Obama remains personally popular, while the Republican Party does not, makes the challenge for the GOP even taller.
It is a simple equation. If optimism continues to grow over the course of 2012, so will President Obama's chances for reelection. One of the most interesting and consistent elements of polling about the president is that throughout all the difficulties of his first term, most voters still identify him with optimism and hope. The president has been careful to maintain a message of optimism since he took office, and it will allow him to run for reelection as an incumbent with an optimistic message.
Mitt Romney's endlessly negative campaign may get him the Republican nomination, and he may be able to keep the election close against Obama with a negative onslaught, but the American people aren't in a negative place right now.
People are feeling better about the economy and the future. Most importantly for the president, the Obama coalition is coming home.
Image: nj.com
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Appearing on Lawrence O'Donnell‘s The Last Word Thursday, Chris Hayes lamented the political firestorm that erupted over Hilary Rosen‘s comments that Ann Romney never had to work a day in her life, calling the media coverage of the controversy “absolute substance-less idiocy” and questioned if Republicans really thought being a mother was work then why weren't they compensating women?
RELATED: Jon Stewart: Megyn Kelly's Maternity Leave Flip-Flop Due To ‘Post-Partum Compassion'
“Do you think there are any women voters out there who are fooled into thinking something that they should base their vote on is happening today in this dialogue?” O'Donnell asked Hayes.
“Yeah, I mean, we should be clear, this is substance-less idiocy,” Hayes opined.
“And Chris, we will give it another five minutes!” O'Donnell joked.
Hayes then went off on how other countries actually did in fact compensate mothers and if the Republican Party thought being a mother was work — why weren't they supporting maternity pay?
“It's completely feigned outrage — it reminds me of the lipstick on a pig comment, which was a idiotic fake outrage over Barack Obama, but at least in that case, Barack Obama actually said it. Hilary Rosen is just a person that said something on television! It's like do I have to go on my show this weekend and distance myself from Hilary Rosen because she too said something on television, is that that actually the logical connection? It because she is a Democrat. Should every Democrat have to endorse, vouch for every statement and opinion made by every other Democrat in the entire nation, that seems to be the logic that is being applied here. Just to clear it out of the way. I do think like no, there's no way in which this actually effects the election in any demonstrable way. And there's something fascinating at the core of this. there's a huge a of uncompensated labor in the country by men and women, mostly women, who stay home and take care of their kids. And there are countries where that labor is compensated by the state. So I would love to have that conversation, if they actually think it is work and they feel it's work, why isn't there any wage for that kind of work? Why is that uncompensated?”
Hayes' comments check out as the United States is the only remaining industrialized nation that doesn't require at least some employers to offer a paid maternity leave.
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Lois McMaster Bujold, author of the Vorkosigan Saga of space adventure stories, is one of the most acclaimed science fiction authors of all time. She's won the prestigious Hugo award four times, and every novel she's written over her 26-year career is still in print. And not only is she entertaining hordes of readers, she may also be fighting crime — at least according to an interview she once read with a forensic pathologist.
“He made the remark, sort of in passing, that he had never gone into a bad crime scene in any house where there were a lot of books,” says Bujold in this week's episode of the Geek's Guide to the Galaxy podcast. “These were all book-free zones.”
She thinks this may be because books have a unique ability to remove you from your current headspace and transport you into the mind of another person — and hopefully increase your empathy for them. Books are, she feels, the closest thing we have to telepathy, and that this is an aspect of reading all too often ignored in literature courses.
“Escapist literature gets a bad rap,” she observes. “But I think escape is important for a lot of people in a lot of places.”
If it's true that books make people less violent, then Bujold must be making an ever-growing dent in the crime rate — her latest Vorkosigan novel, Captain Vorpatril's Alliance, just became the first of her books to hit the New York Times Best Sellers list.
Listen to our complete interview with Lois McMaster Bujold in Episode 75 of Geek's Guide to the Galaxy (above). Then stick around after the interview as Myke Cole, author the Shadow Ops series, joins hosts John Joseph Adams and David Barr Kirtley to discuss soldiers in science fiction.
Lois McMaster Bujold on biotechnology and gender:
“I'm very interested in the impact of biotechnology on the way people live. The most obvious ongoing thing being the Uterine Replicator, the idea of extra-uterine gestation of human beings — and anything else you wanted to do with it — which is, I think, a technology which is perfectly possible and will come. It's an interesting technology because it totally changes women's lives, and yet doesn't make that much difference to guys, which is why I think it doesn't turn up in science fiction written by men very much … I think 99 percent of women's lib comes from technology making different kinds of lives possible, and then the social adjustment follows the technology, it doesn't precede it. The complaints may precede it, but the change follows. So I think that women who are anti-technology are not as in touch with reality as they ought to be.”
Lois McMaster Bujold on the sadder side of cryonics:
“Another aspect of [cryonics] is of course the issue of what happens three generations down the line when the company disbands, when people aren't interested any more in all these frozen people. Many science-fiction stories that involve cryonics involve freezing somebody, sending them into the future, and letting them be our viewpoint in this future world. But what if it were not one or a few but an entire population? Where would they find room? Who would want them? Who would want to make all this competition? Who wants to thaw their grandparents when they could be having grandchildren? … We want to live forever, but does anyone want us?”
Myke Cole on violence:
“I don't agree with Asimov's statement that ‘violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.' I think that violence is a tool, like anything else, and it's a tool that if employed judiciously and in a thoughtful manner can be effective. And there are cases where organized warfare has ultimately benefited society at large and the world at large — I think a lot of people would argue that Allied resistance to fascism is an example of that. When I was speaking to you before we started recording about Jaish al-Mahdi and about al-Qaeda, there are all kinds of gradients of people who are involved in those organizations. My eyes were not closed to the fact that there were certainly plenty of people who were launching rockets at me while I was over there who were 16-year-old kids who were doing it to try to make enough money to pay off the local crime boss in their neighborhood or feed their sister or whatever, I get that. But at the core of those organizations were committed fanatics who will not rest — they really are like cartoon characters out of B movies — they will not rest until they achieve their goals or until someone destroys them. Granted those are extremely rare cases, but those cases do exist, and in those cases I want violence available as an option to protect myself and that which I hold dear.”
Myke Cole on Halo:
“I'm not a big Halo player, but there's one thing that burns me, and that's that the protagonist is the “Master Chief.” Master Chief is an E-9, it's the highest enlisted rank in the Navy and the Coast Guard, at least in the United States. Master Chiefs are not running around with guns. Master Chiefs are at headquarters administering large numbers of people. When you're promoted that high, either in the enlisted or officer ranks, one of the disadvantages of that is that you're no longer slinging a gun in a hallway … If you're running through the hallways of a Covenant starship with a gun on your hip, I'd say you'd be a first class tops.”
Excavations reveal remains of a Turkish bath in Aegean province
DENİZLİ - Anatolia News Agency
The remains of a Turkish bath dating back 1,500 years ago have been uncovered during the construction of a thermal tourism center in Denizli. AA photo
The remains of a 1,500-year-old thermal Turkish bath (hamam) have been uncovered during an excavation of a thermal tourism center in the Aegean province of Denizli. According to the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, Turkey's Housing Development Administration (TOKI) is continuing an urban transformation for the thermal tourism center in the Karahayıt province of Denizli. The excavations in the settlement area started two months ago.There were two different constructions found in the same area. One is a Turkish bath with circular architecture and the other is a thermal structure.Governor Abdülkadir Demir, who was investigating the area, said that the constructions for the thermal tourism center planned for the Karahayıt region were continuing. There is an urban transformation project run by TOKI in this context. There is also an excavation taking place in the area for the saving of the historical artifacts found in the area.Demir said that they had found very important traces in the excavations and added, “We never assumed we could find such a structure.It is a natural Jacuzzi from 1500 years ago. This structure can be counted as the initial plan of the thermal center we are planning to build. There are canals coming from the upper side. The thermal sources of Pamukkale and Karahayıt combine in this little pool and are distributed from here. There are also marble covered baths which are not usually seen. We are trying to build the structure that was built 1500 years ago. Now there is a thermal health center construction in Karahayıt.”
WARSAW, Poland — The Polish Ministry of Defense aims to spend at least 83 billion zloty (US $21 billion) on acquisitions of new weapons and military equipment for the country's armed forces, according to Poland's Deputy Defense Minister Bartosz Kownacki.
"The leadership of the ministry has defined its priorities, and the air-defense program is such a priority," Kownacki said July 19 at a meeting of the Polish parliament's National Defense Committee.
More specifically, the defense ministry will be required to spend some $10 billion to acquire mid-range air- and missile-defense systems, over $5 billion on short-range air-defense systems, $3.3 billion to purchase combat helicopters for the country's Air Force, and $2.5 billion on new submarines for the Polish navy. Poland is also planning to spend "several billion zloties" to acquire unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), according to the deputy defense minister.
Earlier this month, Polish Defense Minister Antoni Macierewicz said that Poland will most likely sign a deal with the US government and Raytheon to acquire Patriot missiles. The announcement was made following the signing of a letter of intent between Poland's state-run defense group PGZ and Raytheon.
What's in a name? Clearly not much, because practically all of Toronto's downtown streets have been given a new title at some time in the past. Sometimes it happened when streets were merged, sometimes established names were tossed out in an attempt to curry favour with the foreign dignitary du jour.
The ever-changing street nomenclature gave us (briefly) the intersection of College and College (University Avenue used to be College Avenue) and Dundas and Queen (the lower portion of Ossington used to be part of Dundas.)
Here are five other Toronto streets that used to have different names.
QUEEN
It's hard to imagine now, but Queen Street used to be the northernmost boundary of Toronto, or York, as it was then. The road first appears as Lot Street when it marked the border between the original street grid and the start of the highly exclusive park lots - narrow 100-acre strips of land gifted by the Crown to hand-picked (read: rich) settlers.
Later, once extended west, the street was briefly marked on maps as Egremont Street. The Queen in question would appear to be Queen Victoria. The new name appears shortly after her coronation in 1837.
(Yep, the map is upside down: "Several plans made in the 1830s, including this one, were oriented to the south, probably under the influence of military map-makers whose attention was always focused on the harbour and its defense," says Nathan Ng, the keeper of the magnificent historical map collection that made this post possible.)
DUNDAS
Of all the streets in Toronto, Dundas has the longest list of former names, mainly because it is a Frankenstein creation stitched together from at least thirteen other roads. At one point Dundas penetrated the west of the city as far as Ossington where it abruptly curved south to meet Queen. That stretch has since been reclaimed by Ossington.
Arthur Street between Ossington and Bathurst, St. Patrick Street between Bathurst and McCaul, Anderson Street between McCaul and University, Agnes Street between University and Yonge, Wilton Avenue and Wilton Crescent between Yonge and Broadview were linked up and renamed through the centre of the city.
In the east end, Dundas absorbed several laneways and minor roads - Whitby, Dagmar, Doel, Applegrove, Ashbridge, Maughan, and Hemlock, if you're keeping track - to reach Kingston Road. Dundas' swerving route through downtown and the garages that face the road in the east end are the best evidence of its past.
BAY
There's a persistent rumour that Bay used to be Bear Street, but not so: the portion south of Queen has always been named for the sheltered water at its southern terminus. The part of Bay north after the jog at Queen used to be Terauley Street, however.
The name came from the home of James Macaulay, a surgeon in the British Forces, which stood in open fields where the Eaton Centre and the Church of the Holy Trinity are now. Lost Rivers writes that Macaulay may have created the name from a portmanteau of "ter," Gaelic for land, and a corruption of his own last name.
Terauley Street hung on until it was merged with Bay Street some time between 1913 and 1924.
RICHMOND AND ADELAIDE
King, Queen, and Princess haven't always been the only Toronto streets with royal names: Duke and Duchess streets were part of the early grid between Jarvis and Berkeley. The pair were combined with Richmond and Adelaide when the Gardiner Expressway ramps arrived in 1964. Sweeping jogs in both streets across Jarvis hint at the lost separation.
Richmond was once Hospital Street west of Bay and Adelaide was Newgate Street before being renamed for Princess Adelaide of Saxe-Meiningen, wife of William IV of the United Kingdom. The Australian city gets its name from the same person, though Toronto deployed it first.
(Happily, Duchess Street lives on in the name of Duchess Lane, a short service road just west of Parliament.)
PARLIAMENT
It doesn't take a shrewd observer to notice Parliament Street is nowhere near a parliament building. It's not a misnomer, though. The first Parliament of Upper Canada building, two small wooden blockhouses connected by a covered passageway, was originally located south of Front Street at the foot of Berkeley Street, which was the first "Parliament Street."
Confusingly, the road we know as Parliament today was previously Windmill Street south of King and Chapel Street to the north before the names were swapped around.
SEE ALSO:
Chris Bateman is a staff writer at blogTO. Follow him on Twitter at @chrisbateman.
Images: Lead: 1872 Wadsworth & Unwin Map of the City of Toronto - Tax Exemptions, Queen: 1833 Bonnycastle: No.1 Plan of the Town and Harbour of York Upper Canada, Dundas: 1893 Fisk and Co. Map of Toronto, Bay: 1913 Toronto Fire Insurance Map, Richmond and Adelaide: 1827 Chewett Plan of the Town of York, Parliament: 1834 Alpheus Todd Engraved Plan of the City of Toronto.
The wraparound jacket of the 43rd volume of Wataru Watanabe's Yowamushi Pedal manga announced that the manga now has 15 million copies in print. The 43rd volume of the manga shipped on Friday.
The manga centers around Sakamichi Onoda, an otaku at Sōhoku High School. He loves anime and games so much, that he would ride his commuter bicycle to and from Tokyo's Akihabara shopping district in a 90-kilometer (about 60-mile) round trip over steep slopes after school. Onoda's life changes when he encounters his school's cycling team, and he ends up joining the competitive sport of bicycle racing.
Wataru Watanabe launched the manga in Akita Shoten's Weekly Shōnen Champion magazine in 2008, and the story inspired stage plays, two television anime adaptations, and a spinoff manga, Yowamushi Pedal: Spare Bike. A third TV anime season has also been green-lit.
The manga has also inspired two anime compilation films, as well as an anime film with an original story, the latter of which opened in August 2015.
Yen Press has licensed the original manga for a release in North America. Discotek Media has licensed the two anime seasons for home video.
Six people from Indiana are facing charges for taking hundreds of fish over the limit allowed on a Minnesota lake.
The state Department of Natural Resources says an anonymous tip led investigators to Upper Cormorant Lake in Becker County. They determined the five men and one woman had taken nearly 700 crappies and sunfish over the state-imposed limit for the lake.
DNR Conservation Officer Bill Landmark says the evidence was seized from freezers inside the group's cabins. Landmark tells KFGO radio all of the suspects are from Bedford, Indiana.
If convicted, the six could be ordered to pay a fine, plus $5 restitution for each fish and lose their fishing license for three years.
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
In a one-star Yelp review, Californian Daniel Lui reported that he was visiting Starbucks's new Reserve Roastery on Capitol Hill on March 11 when an employee accused him and a friend of trying to steal company secrets to pass to China.
Lui recounted the bizarre exchange on Yelp this way, posted March 26:
"...the man stopped and looked at us [Lui and his friend]. "You're part of the business, right? The coffee business, right?"
My friend and I looked at each other confused. Before we could answer him, he cut us short and said, "Look- you are completely free to copy all of the stuff we have here and the equipment we have in China. We're an open book. If you want to steal our stuff for your store in China, go ahead, we're fine with that."
He smiled, hoping to get a laugh from us... not that funny (me and my friend are both Asian... but definitely not in the coffee business).
We decided to let it slide, so gave him a short chuckle and ignored him.
That was bad enough. We could have just shrugged it off- i've met tons of ignorant people before. BUT THEN, 15 minutes later, he creeps up behind both of us and put his hands on our shoulders (hella creepy). He then proceeded to paternalistically lecture us (who he thought were chinese spies trying to steal secrets... I guess we just smack of yellow peril), "Look. You can take all of our equipment. You can copy everything we have. You can even steal our beans and our suppliers. But let me tell you what you CAN'T get if you copy us in China- our training. Just remember that, you won't get our training in China, and that's something we'll never give to you."
Once the review was picked up by the blog Angry Asian Man, the story blew up, Lui told The Stranger. He said he'd felt degraded at first, though eventually, "the [Starbucks] customer service rep apologized. I felt honored that they followed up on it. They wanted to get more of a description of the guy who did it and said they'd be fully investigating who that person is. They also said that they'd be putting some sort of gift in my Starbucks Gold account."
But particularly in light of the recently failed #RaceTogether campaign, Liu would like more than latte points: "I'd like to see them follow through in terms of the integrity of their corporate leadership," he told The Stranger. "That's the difficult part—not just changing your image, but the way you practice and think."
Image caption Trevor Phillips is chairman of government body the Equality and Human Rights Commission
Christians who argue they should be exempt from equality laws are no different from Muslims who want to impose sharia law in the UK, human rights chief Trevor Phillips has said.
He told a debate religious rules should lose sway "at the door of the temple".
Christian adoption agencies and hotel owners have fought legal battles against rules requiring them to treat gay and straight people equally.
But Mr Phillips said those who provide a public service must abide by the law.
Catholic adoption agencies have objected to legislation which requires them not to discriminate between gay and straight couples on the grounds of sexuality when considering applications.
Last year, after a High Court case, the Charity Commission refused to grant an exemption for one Leeds-based agency, Catholic Care.
Disputes have also arisen where Christian bed and breakfast owners have turned away gay couples and subsequently been ordered to pay damages.
Mr Phillips, chairman of the Equality and Human Rights Commission, was speaking at a debate organised by the Religion and Society Research Programme.
You can't say 'because we decide we're different then we need a different set of laws' Trevor Phillips, Equality and Human Rights Commission
Asked about conflicts between religion and equalities, he said: "The law stops at the door of the temple as far as I'm concerned.
"Once you start to provide public services that have to be run under public rules, for example child protection, then you have to go with public law.
"Institutions have to make a decision whether they want to do that or they don't want to do that, but you can't say 'because we decide we're different then we need a different set of laws'."
He continued: "To me there's nothing different in principle with a Catholic adoption agency, or indeed Methodist adoption agency, saying the rules in our community are different and therefore the law shouldn't apply to us.
"Why not then say sharia can be applied to different parts of the country? It doesn't work."
Sharia law is Islam's legal system and is derived from both the Koran and fatwas - the rulings of Islamic scholars.
Sharia councils have been working in the UK for several decades with the key areas being family law, finance and business - although they have no legal powers to impose penalties.
Former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey told the Daily Mail Mr Phillips' comparison with sharia was "ridiculous".
Rt Rev Michael Nazir-Ali, former Bishop of Rochester, said: "Trevor Phillips in the past has argued for respect for Christian conscience. I am very surprised that here he seems to be saying there should be a totalitarian kind of view in which a believer's conscience should not be respected."
But Keith Porteous Wood, from the National Secular Society, agreed with Mr Phillips, saying: "There is no such thing as partial equality and every time an exemption is made, someone else's rights are compromised."
PUEBLO -- Colorado doesn`t have enough money to fund a backlog of water projects and meet future water needs, according to a report by a Denver public policy research firm.
Colorado has relied on mineral severance taxes to fund water projects, but some of those funds were diverted to other uses as the state sought to balance its budget for the past two years, Dick Brown of San Dollar Research said in his report.
Brown`s clients had asked him to research how increasing mineral severance taxes or changing the distribution of revenues would affect water projects, The Pueblo Chieftain reported.
He concluded water managers should not look to the state for primary funding commitments for projects. He also said that state elected officials don`t have the resources or time in office to develop long-term capital financing programs for water projects, and that the water community must work to make sure more state funds don`t shift to other priorities.
Brown released his findings to selected parties via e-mail, The Pueblo Chieftain reported. The newspaper didn`t name the parties. Brown said his report is not an attempt to gain new sources of funding for water projects, but a means of "self-education," he said.
Beyond paying for planned, multibillion-dollar water projects, the state has nearly $5 million in needs for an aging infrastructure. And the Colorado Water Conservation Board has forecast a municipal gap in water supplies by 2050 that state officials will have to determine how to fill.
Advertisement
The board has loaned more than $667 million for water projects since 1973, but its funds dwindled last year.
The Colorado Water and Power Authority also makes loans for water projects, using pass-through federal funds, which Brown did not study.
Up to 5 percent of state severance tax revenues go to the water conservation board, which is among several agencies that share federal mineral lease payments.
In the past 10 years, the amount generated by the taxes has ranged from $31 million in 2000 to $285 million in 2009. Brown attributed most of the revenue growth to oil and natural gas development.
Got pulled over for doing 70 in a 50 zone, in drag, back in my boy days. Wedding ring got me a ticket for 60. No probs. #CrimingWhileWhite
— Maura Hubbell (@sistawendy) December 4, 2014
#crimingwhilewhite caught with a 1/2 oz, cop asked for id/name, i said no, he said be more careful and he had more important things to do
— ♆ (@drakehaley_) December 4, 2014
Reading these #CrimingWhileWhite stories. Must be nice to still be alive to tell your tales of how you got away with it.
— J.I.M.B.R.O.W.S.K.I. (@PeaceAndCheese) December 4, 2014
Photo Credit: Scott Olson/Getty Images
Listen Here!
Listen to Paul, Sean and me Talking Muay Thai on the Muay Thai Guys Podcast!
Across continents and time zones, three introverts turn on their computers to sit in isolation and have a video call with each other. What an amazing world. But this is the thing, not one of those three introverts comes off as such because each of us is responsible for sharing a great deal about our paths in Muay Thai with the larger world: Sean Fagan is Muay Thai Guy, Paul Banasiak is Muay Thai Athlete, and I'm 8limbs.us. Our love for Muay Thai allows us to find common ground about which to speak openly, but it's the platform of being able to be comfortable in our own quiet rooms that allows us to speak openly as well. If either of these very nice and personable fellows had asked me to come meet them for coffee to discuss exactly these same things, for example, it would be much harder for me to overcome my shyness and go.
But what we share of ourselves online has a lot to do with being able to speak into the Ether and then getting used to the Ether speaking back to us. Nobody is entirely one way or another and introverts can put on a public persona just as much as the most outgoing of us can enjoy a night at home with a book or Netflix binge. What's interesting about introverts having a public persona on the internet versus an extrovert doing the same is that the motivations behind it are quite different. An extrovert, largely, wants the focus to be on himself and for the thing he's doing to highlight a quality about him: look how badass I am for being interested in fighting. An introvert, by contrast, wants the focus to be on the thing he's doing and highlights a quality about that thing: look how badass fighting is, don't you find it interesting too?
My own podcast partner Emma wrote about her Introversion here
As a trinity, Sean, Paul and my experiences as fighters are all quite different. We're different sizes, men and women experience gyms and sport differently, we're all from the East Coast but different gyms and trainers and peers… all of these things make a big difference in personal experience but the similarities of a shared interest override those differences. The struggles are similar; the triumphs are similar. This is why when you put yourself out there, the number of people who get something out of the message and have something positive to offer in return is far greater than the number of people who are hell-bent on being jerks. They're loud, but they're a small minority.
I like talking to Sean and Paul. Because they're a team on the Podcast and I was the guests, I got to do a lot more talking than would be the case in a more normal conversation. But I enjoyed it because Paul and Sean are genuinely interested in the topics we covered. They're intelligent and laid back type dudes, so the conversation flowed easily and it felt very much like it might if we were sitting together in a room. That very same thing bridges the Muay Thai community across the globe: sitting alone in your room after training, feeling like you had a shit session or beaming because you were a rockstar today, being able to connect with someone across the globe who says, “yeah I've been there too,” or “congratulations, you're awesome!” is invaluable. It's the kind of thing we should all be responsible for maintaining.
Happily, because of this kind of community, I'm very excited to be spending two days at the Khongsittha Nak Muay Nation Training Camp in August. I'll get to experience the camp and train along with the folks already settling into their grind, and the second day I'll offer a clinch clinic from my perspective as someone who has learned a lot through the process of seeking out bits and pieces of technique in the rolling waves of Thai style “learn by doing for hours on end” approach. It works! But for the purposes of transmitting information and technique that can be brought home in short order, giving a clinic on what I've learned so far is something of the “Cliff's Notes” to the years I've spent becoming a clinch specialist. The camp will be hosted by Paul, and there is a very good chance that Sean will be there too, bringing us all together, this time in real space.
This is how Sean describes the ground we cover in the podcast:
What made her decide to first travel to Thailand to train Muay Thai.
How after her first trip to Thailand all she could think about was how to make it back.
Why she decided to move her life to The Land Of Smiles to pursue her passion for Muay Thai.
The steps she took to make her dream a reality… and the ups and downs that she's faced while pursuing it.
How gambling plays a MAJOR role in fighting – and how she believes it's not as bad as most westerners believe.
Gambling lingo and etiquette and how the “sidebet” is important for her making enough money to live.
Why she initially lived in Chaing Mai but then decided to live in the infamous city of Pattaya.
What her website and new podcast are all about and how they've been an integral part of her journey.
Different types of logistics when it comes to living in Thailand, including visas, picking a gym and more.
And if you are loving podcast on Muay Thai, check out my podcast with fighter and blogger Emma Thomas: Two Ladies in the Kingdom on iTunes. You download them individually here, in these articles.
In the Muay Thai Guys podcast we talk about the Muay Thai Roundtable and the Women Only section there.
You can support this content: Sylvie von Duuglas-Ittu on Patreon
Welcome to Ars Cardboard, our weekend look at tabletop games! Check out our complete board gaming coverage right here —and let us know what you think.
From Shadows over Camelot to Ticket to Ride to Mystery of the Abbey (complete with tiny tin bell), Days of Wonder has put out some richly thematic games often set long ago or far away. Its last title, Five Tribes, was a turn toward more puzzle-y games, but even it was set in the world of the Arabian Nights.
So new title Quadropolis, from French designer François Gandon, is something of an anomaly: a puzzle-style city builder set in contemporary Eurmerica. Can Days of Wonder keep its streak of hits alive?
Building the city
Gameplay in Quadropolis is quick and elegant. A central board called "the construction site" holds all available tiles for each round, and players take turns grabbing these to build their own cities. To do this, each player controls four architects, numbered "1" through "4." Turns consist of choosing one architect and laying it down beside one of the construction site's rows or columns. Then, players simply count inward the number of spaces shown on the architect and pick up that tile. They take any resources—blue inhabitants or red energy units—shown on the top of the tile, then place the tile on their personal player board. The round ends when all the players have used each of their architects. A new set of tiles fills the central board, and the next round begins. After four rounds, your city is complete—or as complete as it's going to get—and it's time to score.
"Sounds simple!" you say. "Where's the puzzle in that?"
Game details Designer: François Gandon
Publisher: Days of Wonder
Players: 2-4
Age: 8+
Playing time: 30-60 minutes
Price: $49.99 (£30 Amazon UK) François GandonDays of Wonder2-48+30-60 minutes$49.99 ( $38 Amazon US
But Quadropolis is trickier than it sounds, both when it comes to taking and placing the tiles. When you take tiles, for instance, you can't lay an architect atop another player's architect. So, as each round progresses, spots around the edge of the construction site fill. You might desperately need that harbor tile with its two delicious-looking red resources, but it's two spots in from the right edge of the construction site—and your horrible brother has already placed his architect there. You could swing down to the bottom of the board and try to point at the same tile from there, but that spot too has been taken by your friend who chews his gum way too loud. You could instead try to point to the tile from the top of the board, but from there it's four spaces in, and you played your number "4" architect on your last turn.
The order in which you deploy your architects and the ways in which you respond to other architects sitting on spots you want are a significant part of the Quadropolis challenge. But taking tiles gets trickier still, thanks to an officious do-gooder called "the Urbanist."
Who or what is an Urbanist, and why does she hang around construction sites all day? No idea. But Quadropolis includes a beautifully big "Urbanist" figure that moves after every turn. She takes the spot on the construction site from which a tile has just been removed. The next player now has to avoid pointing his architect at the Urbanist, which takes additional spots out of action for that turn. The upshot of the Urbanist is that, in addition to being blocked by other player's placed architects, you can also get blocked by the previous player's tile choice, making it just that much harder to grab the tile you want.
Once you actually have a tile, limits remain. You can't simply plunk the thing down anywhere you like on your player board. Remember that architect you just played? While it was used to grab a tile, it also tells you where you can place the tile. Tiles can only be placed in the row or column corresponding to the architect used to select them. So if I grabbed a purple shop tile using my "3" architect, I can only place it in row three or column three of my burgeoning city. (If it's an apartment building tile, you can also stack these up based on the floor you're trying to build; a "3" architect could build a third floor.) And this matters a lot for your final score, which is all about building groups.
Each building in Quadropolis scores points in a different way. Apartments score more points the higher you stack them. Parks score by touching apartments. Shops gain points only as you fill them with meeples. Civic buildings need to be evenly scattered throughout your city for the most points, while harbors only score if placed in straight lines. (If this sounds like a mess to keep track of, especially on your first play-through, a handy player aid actually makes it easy.)
Building your city in such a way that it can optimally accommodate these different groupings is the other main challenge in Quadropolis. Because points increase in greater-than-linear fashion, a line of two harbors scores just three points... but a line of four scores 12. So it's no good dabbling a bit in all the groupings. To win, you generally need to top out in two or three categories and ride those buildings to victory.
But strategies change based on what's available, too, as well as what other players are collecting. You might want to fill your city with nothing but shops and apartments, but if Uncle Fred is going all-in on apartments, you may have a tough time. Or you might simply find yourself blocked from picking up the tiles you need, and so you need to change course in the next round.
Finally, you can do all this work—the architect selection, picking the perfect tile, placing it in the best possible space in your city—and still obtain no benefit. That's because, to score, most buildings need to be "activated." Many tiles provide resources of people or energy, which need to be deployed around your city to activate most buildings and sometimes to gain points from them. Shops, for instance, may require a red energy cube for activation and earn points based on how many blue meeples you shove inside.
But if you don't activate a building, it's not scored at all when the end game comes round. Managing the collection and deployment of people and energy cubes is crucial. You don't want too many of either, though; the game dings you a point for each extra resource on hand at game end. (You can reallocate resources freely throughout the game by deploying them differently as your city changes.)
Puzzle palace
Quadropolis is a terrific puzzle because of how the parts interlock. The available architects on each turn determine not only which tiles you can pick up but also where you can play them. And each tile choice not only affects future tile choices (by removing that particular architect from your hand) but can also be used strategically against other players (denying them architect placement spots or even stealing tiles they might need). So what seems like a simple enough decision—which tile to take this turn?—becomes complex.
I love games with simple rules that produce complex interactions, and the rules here are just a few picture-heavy pages. How they work out once you start interacting with other players is what makes Quadropolis fun. And once you master the "classic" mode that I've been describing here, the game offers an "expert" variant. "Expert" features two additional tile types (monuments and office towers), a larger board, and five rounds instead of four. Selecting architects is different, too: all player architects are grouped together in a pool, and you can draw any available architect on your turn.
On the other hand, I dislike games with fiddly setup and between-round cleanup. I groaned when I first read the rules for Quadropolis because the game certainly sounds fiddly. The mass of available tiles is broken up into five groups, one for each round. These groups are not random, either; they are specific and unchanging. In addition, each group is broken up into a main collection and a few additional tiles for both the classic and expert modes. Finally, unless you play with the full complement of four players, you don't use every tile in each round (tiles are marked on the back if they should remain face-down during three- and four-player games). And you have to change all the tiles on the board at least four times per game!
The situation is bad enough that I simply would not play Quadropolis if the game didn't make tile sorting easy. Fortunately, Quadropolis comes with a terrific box insert that stores the tiles by round and further by classic/expert. Don't bother with the included bag for randomly pulling tiles each round, either; just grab all the relevant tiles and scatter them face-down on the construction site, then flip up the ones in play for your number of players. Done this way, set up remains manageable and didn't pose a play obstacle for me.
My other complaint about Quadropolis is petty: the player mats and even the central construction site are thin cardboard. The player mats in particular feel like they were printed on Kinko's card stock. Clearly most of the attention and production money went to the tiles, which are thick and satisfying, and the translucent blue and red resources, which are shiny and wonderful. Days of Wonder, so well known for their lavish productions, also came through with attractive artwork and a well-designed, easy-to-read manual.
Overall, I enjoyed Quadropolis. Play is quick, the game is thinky right from the start, and it's all over in thirty minutes to an hour. That's my kind of game! It helped that my kids picked it up quickly and my gaming group also latched onto it.
But I had to make my peace with one key fact: Quadropolis is an intricately linked abstract puzzle, not a city-building game. Sure, you are "building" a "city," but this must be the most generic city on the planet. It's Anytown, USA or Centre Ville, France. You populate it with identical "shops" and flats and "civic buildings" so bland they don't have a name, upon a background so abstract that it's broken into four color-coded quadrants. There's nothing wrong with this; just be aware that Quadropolis won't give you that feeling of building up a specific city or a civilization.
Even the name is generic. You aren't playing the very specific Kemet or Tigris & Euphrates or Champions of Midgard or Lords of Waterdeep or New York 1901. You're building a quadrant city.
In writing, as in board gaming, I prefer the specific to the generic. As I played Quadropolis, I wondered whether the exact same game would be even better if the players were trying to build, say, Paris or New York, with recognizable artwork on the tiles. I'm not sure—perhaps that sort of specificity would have mucked with the abstract puzzle underlying Quadropolis. But given what we have now, this is a game for people who love puzzles and placement efficiency rather than building monuments to their own greatness.
But if you're that kind of person, Quadropolis is fun, fast, and clear.
PRESSURE on Enda Kenny to step down as leader of Fine Gael is set to intensify this weekend as the first Sunday Independent/Kantar Millward Brown opinion poll of the year shows the party is haemorrhaging voters.
PRESSURE on Enda Kenny to step down as leader of Fine Gael is set to intensify this weekend as the first Sunday Independent/Kantar Millward Brown opinion poll of the year shows the party is haemorrhaging voters.
Fine Gael has plummeted four points to 25pc, while Fianna Fail has jumped six points to 33pc. This is the highest rating Fianna Fail has recorded in this poll since 2008.
The opinion polls also finds more than half (53pc) of voters believe Mr Kenny should resign as Fine Gael leader, while one in four (25pc) said he should remain in place.
The damaging poll result is likely to lead to fresh calls for Mr Kenny to name his departure date as Social Protection Minister Leo Varadkar ramped up pressure on the Fine Gael leader to resign.
In tomorrow's Sunday Independent dramatic new poll findings will reveal who is leading the leadership race between Mr Varadkar and his closest rival Housing Minister Simon Coveney.
Meanwhile, The state of the other parties are Sinn Fein unchanged at 20pc, the Labour Party down two points to 6pc, the Independent Alliance unchanged at 5pc, the Anti-Austerity Alliance-People Before Profit up one to 3pc and Social Democrats up one to 2pc. Independent candidates are down two 4pc.
Satisfaction in the Government has dropped four points to just 27pc while dissatisfaction has increased two points to 64pc. Mr Kenny's personal satisfaction rating has dropped two points to 27pc, while Fianna Fail leader Micheal Martin's rating has increased a point to 44pc. Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams is on 30pc and Labour Party leader Brendan Howlin is on 26pc.
Fianna Fail is the least toxic of the main political parties with one-in-five (21pc) people saying they would never vote for the party. Almost a third (32pc) of all people surveyed said they would never vote for Fine Gael and 36pc said they would not vote for Sinn Fein.
The poll consisted of 960 face-to-face interviews at 64 sampling points around the country. The survey was conducted between February 6th and 16th.
Online Editors
The body of a critically endangered Sumatran elephant, named Yongki, lies on the ground after he was found dead in his enclosure close to the camp where he lived (Bukit Barisan National Park/AFP)
By the time the park rangers reached Yongki, it was too late.
Instead of rising majestically to his full height of 10 feet, the massive elephant remained on the ground. And when the mahouts, or elephant riders, approached their two-ton friend, they saw Yongki was lying in a pool of his own blood. The animal's tongue was bright blue, as if poisoned, and there were gory stumps where his three-foot tusks had been.
Yongki, an endangered Sumatran elephant, was dead — slaughtered for his precious ivory tusks.
The grim discovery on Friday in Sumatra's Bukit Barisan Selatan national park marks the latest round of a raging international debate over poaching.
It comes two months after American dentist Walter Palmer shot and killed Cecil the lion. And like the Zimbabwean big cat's demise, Yongki death promises to stir widespread anger and criticism.
The hashtag #RIPYongki was already trending on Twitter in Indonesia on Tuesday morning, as were the grisly photos of the elephant's corpse.
Park officials told The Washington Post that they were “very sad” over the incident and have launched an investigation.
Yongki's death is a significant blow to both Indonesia and the world. Sumatran elephants — one of four Asian elephant species — are rare; there are less than 2,000 left alive, according to the World Wildlife Fund.
Sumatra, a large island in the west of the Indonesian archipelago, has struggled to protect the animals. Poaching has slashed the island's elephant population over the past decade. Last year was particularly bloody, with at least 45 elephants killed; a 55 percent increase over 2013, according to Vice.
But Yongki wasn't just an endangered elephant.
He was also a park ranger.
Yongki, an endangered elephant and beloved park ranger, was found dead on Friday in a national park in southern Sumatra (Bukit Barisan National Park/AFP)
Yongki was a tame elephant who had spent much of his roughly 35 years around humans, according to AFP. Along with his mahouts — a term used across south and southeast Asia for elephant riders — the lumbering creature was a member of a conservation response unit, or CRU, that sought to protect the natural habitat.
Every day, Yongki and his human partners would patrol the dense jungles of southern Sumatra. With a mahout on his back, he would trudge along paths too treacherous for any mechanized vehicle, on the lookout for ivory poachers, illegal loggers or farmers encroaching on protected parkland.
Yongki also had another duty: liaising between species.
Sumatran park rangers use tame elephants like Yongki to drive wild elephants back into the jungle, avoiding clashes between elephants and farmers who have been known to take revenge upon the animals.
As one of only a handful of elephant rangers in Bukit Barisan Selatan national park, Yongki will be sorely missed.
“All staff [are] … very sad because [of] one elephant's death in National Park,” a park official wrote in an e-mail to The Post.
“We are mourning the [loss] of an elephant who has been helping us in handling conflicts and helping forest rangers patrol the forest, and he was a good elephant,” Nazaruddin, who is the head of the Indonesia Mahout Forum and goes by one name, told AFP.
He added that the mahout in the park were “very shaken” by the elephant's killing.
Yongki was found on Friday at around 7:30 p.m. near a lodge inside the park, according to a press release provided to The Post. He had bled to death from his severed tusks.
The only hint as to how the poachers subdued the animal was his “very blue tongue.”
Poisoning elephants is increasingly common in Sumatra, where poachers can make a year's salary with one set of tusks. Many locals also view the animals as pests. Last year, seven elephants were found dead from suspected poisoning in a single day, the Guardian reported.
Raw ivory can fetch between $2,200 and $2,640 per pound, Vice reported. While some tusks are kept as trophies, others are used in traditional Chinese medicine, according to AFP.
Thai mahout Kawee Meeboon, 41, feeds his elephant at Ban Ta Klang village known also as ‘Ban Chang (Elephant Village)' in Surin province, Thailand, on July 30. Across south and southeast Asia, humans and elephants cooperate — and clash. (Rungroj Yongrit/EPA)
Yongki's death is a setback for Sumatra. In February, police in the north of the island celebrated a major success, catching eight suspected ivory traffickers including five poachers who admitted to killing four elephants, according to WWF.
The elephant's killing is sure to inflame the international debate over poaching just as it started to die down two months after the controversy over big game trophy hunting and Cecil the lion.
[PETA calls for Walter Palmer to be ‘hanged' for killing Cecil the lion]
By Monday evening, photos of Yongki's dismembered body were circulating on Facebook and Twitter, alongside emotional responses.
“This is just disgusting to kill these creatures,” wrote Facebook user Linda Pierce. “And a endangered one on top of that. They need to catch these poachers, treat them the same way.”
“DEATH to all poachers!” echoed Marianela Anderson in what was a common refrain.
As with Cecil, however, some commenters complained about the attention given to the death of an animal, even a loyal park ranger like Yongki.
“600 African children starved yesterday and you're worried about a pachyderm,” wrote Kyle Rodney on Facebook.
Yet, disgust appeared to be the most common response. Pearl Gill appeared to sum up the thoughts of most people.
“Ugh…,” she wrote on Facebook. “So sorry humans suck!”
Sept. 2017 Update: Added LogMyHours and Time Doctor.
Time tracking apps have becoming fundamental to any businesses.
Whether you work for a company or run your own business, time can be your friend or your enemy. Time tracking is crucial when you are building up your business or starting off as a freelancer.
Time tracking can help to increase your productivity.
You can monitor how you spent your time and better understand what activities lead to wasted time.
What are time tracking apps?
Time tracking app or time tracking software is an app that allows its users to record time spent on tasks. Businesses of all sizes are using time tracking apps to improve its business and profits.
Time tracking app might offer features such as:
Automatic invoice generation to clients based on the time spent
Additional billing of related cost
Workforce management packages that include scheduling, payroll, analytics, etc
Freelancers and business owners are using time tracking app to keep track of the time spent for billing purposes.
Getting Started
By now, you might have already decided to start using a time tracking app if you haven't yet. Yet, you might notice that there are many of time tracking apps and it's not easy to choose one that suits you.
No time tracking apps are made equal.
While some time tracking apps are suitable for freelancer, others might work better for teams.
Some time tracking apps focus on simplicity and design, others put more emphasis on functionalities.
Of course, there are some that provides the best of both worlds.
List of the best time tracking apps
To help you choose time tracking app that suits your more, I have compiled a list of 23 best time tracking apps to increase your productivity.
Disclosure: This post might contain affiliate links. If you choose to buy through my link I will get a small commission at no extra cost to you. Thank you so much for the support.
Anyone remembers how many billions, HSBC, Europe's largest beggar bank, borrowed secretly from The Bernank at 0% during 2008-2009... ?
Or as an AIG counterparty via Goldman Sachs... $3.5 billion.
This is nothing new for HSBC, which has a sordid history in money-laundering, or global banking in general, which relies on hundreds of billions in illicit accounts as a regular and sometimes requisite (think crisis of 2008) staple of business.
Here are a couple of reminders:
---
Bloomberg
HSBC will apologize at a July 17 U.S. Senate hearing for anti-money laundering controls that weren't effective enough, according to an internal memo obtained by Bloomberg News.
“We failed to spot and deal with unacceptable behavior,” Chief Executive Officer Stuart Gulliver said in the note sent to employees yesterday, referring to the period between 2004 and 2010. “It is right that we be held accountable and that we take responsibility for fixing what went wrong.”
Europe's largest bank will be questioned by U.S. lawmakers about two weeks after a record fine was levied against Barclays for rigging interest rates and its ex-CEO Robert Diamond was grilled in the U.K. HSBC, which has doubled spending on compliance since 2010 to curtail illicit money transfers, may also face a “hefty fine,” Mizuho Securities Asia Ltd. said.
“The real issue here is that the U.S. agencies have cited HSBC several times for being deficient at money-laundering practices as long ago as 2003,” Jim Antos, a Hong Kong-based analyst at Mizuho, said by telephone today. “Nine years later, the situation is apparently not yet under control.”
U.S. prosecutors may take criminal or civil enforcement measures involving the London-based bank amid an investigation into terrorist funding, HSBC said in February.
Continue reading...
Follow-up:
Hello my friends, sweater weather already started, and that means sweaters, jeans and boots everywhere. Well, I decided to change that and show you how you can play with your sweaters and make your outfit look a little bit different.
This Mixed Stitch Pullover is perfect for days when you want to be cozy and warm and paired with the Natalie peplum skirt gives it a dressier note.
In this case, I put the accent on the skirt, while the sweater is there to soften the outfit and give more warmth.
You can find both pieces, the sweater and the skirt, on http://www.piperlime.com or directly through these two links:
http://piperlime.gap.com/browse/product.do?vid=1&pid=289367002
http://piperlime.gap.com/browse/product.do?cid=71835&vid=1&pid=259249002
The bag and booties are neutral. I did spice the look up by adding bow socks with a dot patern.
I hope you like it.
It was a blast working with Piperlime for their new campaign #momentsofchic. I hope I'll have a chance to show you more outfit ideas from this brand, because you deserve only the best and they surely are.
An Oklahoma company has created a bulletproof blanket that children can wear like a backpack to shield themselves in the case of a school shooting.
The Bodyguard Blanket, which costs $1000, is the latest body armour product targeted at school students in the United States, where parents and schools can already buy bulletproof jackets, backpacks, and whiteboards.
Gun-control lobby groups say there were at least 44 school shootings in the US - an average of more than three a month - between December 2012 and February 10, 2014.
Steve Walker, a father of two, came up with the idea for the blanket after the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in 2012 and a tornado in Oklahoma last year that killed 24 people, including students at a school that had no tornado shelter.
The pad can also be used to protect children from flying tornado debris and is being billed as a cheaper alternative to building tornado shelters.
Continuing a yearly tradition which started in 2011 alongside the Occupy movement, activists in cartoonish Guy Fawkes masks marched through the streets in cities across the world on Thursday, protesting injustice, censorship, and corporate greed, all in the name of Anonymous.
In Central London, thousands of people, called “anti-capitalist rioters” by Scotland Yard, rushed the gates of Buckingham Palace, which was guarded Thursday evening by men with billysticks, checkered caps, and bright-yellow vests. As is customary, many of the demonstrators gathered at the nearby Trafalgar Square, only a stone's throw from the Charing Cross Police Station, which has held in the past more than one of Anonymous's more infamous members.
Just north of the tube at Trafalgar, police projected in a large font across the face of the National Gallery: “Officers may require you to remove face coverings.” The officers, targeted with fireworks by some of the pranksters, began to cordon off the square shortly after 9pm local time.
Near the high-end offices and restaurants to the west at St. James Square, a police car was set on fire and left to burn with its windshield smashed in.
#MillionMaskMarch and the @NationalGallery is clearly taking sides with a banner communication from the police pic.twitter.com/CJL2oSf6rL — soso (@sonyfromtheblog) November 5, 2015
Police block #MMM2015 route to regent street pic.twitter.com/r25pNkwLRM — Damien Gayle (@damiengayle) November 5, 2015
In the U.S. capital, a few hundred anti-establishment demonstrators gathered more quietly at the Washington Monument before marching to the White House.
A Washington Post reporter who attended the event reported—naively—that the protesters “did not seem aware that Time Warner made a profit on each of the masks sold,” citing an August 2011 article by New York Times columnist Nick Bilton.
READ MORE:
Indeed, Time Warner does profit from the sale of its officially licensed V for Vendetta merchandise, but the widely popular mask of Guy Fawkes—also known as Guido Fawkes of the infamous 1605 Gunpowder Plot—can be purchased alternatively through tens of thousands of online sellers, none of whom pay Hollywood a dime. Aside from the fact that the mask pre-dates by more than a hundred years the film by the Wachowskis, and the Alan Moore comic on which it is based, U.S. intellectual property laws do not grant Time Warner exclusive rights to reproduce the visage of a well-known historical figure.
One arrest at the #MillionMaskMarch outside the White House just happened now #anon #ows pic.twitter.com/VG0MxAqOc2 — Occupy Wall Street (@OccupyWallSt) November 5, 2013
According to the Post, the National Park Police confirmed at least one arrest in Washington, D.C., near the White House “on a charge of assault on a police officer.” The protesters, who championed a plethora of causes from climate change and police brutality to mass surveillance, marched through the streets of the capital, occasionally halting traffic and vandalizing public property with political slogans. Photos on social media showed the demonstrators gathered outside the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, where a revolving door's glass had been shattered.
[Placeholder for https://www.facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange/posts/10153416064893863 embed.]
In Los Angeles, a smaller group of masked men and women marched throughout the city just blocks from Pershing Square, the site of countless Occupy Wall Street and Anonymous protests throughout the years.
They gathered at city hall where demonstrators danced to music and spoke about corruption and police brutality, before eventually marching to the federal building at 300 Los Angeles St., which houses the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, an agency under the authority of the Homeland Security department.
Got about 30-50 people on the steps of City Hall so far#MMMLA #MMMLA2015 pic.twitter.com/NeQzEHVD1Z — LeslieOSD #OWS (@leslieosd) November 5, 2015
So-called “Million Mask March” events were also held across Australia, New Zealand, and Japan, among other countries. According to a press release attributed to “Anonymous,” the group planned more than 600 events on six continents.
“While individual participants may have different ideas about what a better future looks like,” the group wrote, “they will be demonstrating together in support of Anonymous' methods and the continued ability for people to congregate under their banner and take actions anonymously.”
Photo via Scott Beale/Flickr (CC BY 2.0)
Scientists believe they have come up with a way to print drugs, using a 3D printer. They say they can create a capsule, which can be swallowed, and it will also allow doctors to alter a dosage according to the specific requirements.
A team of researchers, from the Louisiana Tech University, believes they have come up with a solution to find a biodegradable material, which could be used to contain everyday drugs, as well as chemotherapeutic compounds for those needing cancer treatments. The 3D printer would be able to create the capsule, meaning that medicine only needs to be inserted before it is sealed, Science Daily reports.
"After identifying the usefulness of the 3D printers, we realized there was an opportunity for rapid prototyping using this fabrication method," said Jeffery Weisman, who is a doctoral student in Louisiana Tech's biomedical engineering program. "Through the addition of nanoparticles and/or other additives, this technology becomes much more viable using a common 3D printing material that is already biocompatible. The material can be loaded with antibiotics or other medicinal compounds, and the implant can be naturally broken down by the body over time."
Weisman believes that one of great advantages of the new technology will be its ability to tailor the contents of a drug for particular needs. This could mean a dose of antibiotics could be made stronger or weaker, depending on the requirements of the patient. It would also mean hospitals or pharmacies would not have to wait for deliveries from pharmaceutical companies. As long as they have the drug in question, they can create the dosage in the medical facility, or drug store.
"One of the greatest benefits of this technology is that it can be done using any consumer printer and can be used anywhere in the world," Weisman said.
Dr. David K. Mills, who is a professor of biological sciences, also added that there are other uses that 3D printers could have in the medical industry. The vast majority of antibiotic implants, which are put inside someone undergoing an operation to ensure there is no risk of infection are made out of bone cements. Bone cements, which are normally used to anchor joints, such as a hip or knee, have to be mixed by the surgeon and are non-biodegradable, meaning the implant has to be removed once the operation has been completed. The researchers now believe that these antibiotic implants can be made out of bio-plastics, which can be broken down by the body, thus meaning no additional surgery is needed.
"Currently, embedding of additives in plastic requires industrial-scale facilities to ensure proper dispersion throughout the extruded plastic," explains Mills. "Our method enables dispersion on a tabletop scale, allowing researchers to easily customize additives to the desired levels. There are not even any industrial processes for antibiotics or special drug delivery as injection molding currently focuses more on colorants and cosmetic properties."
So far 3D printers have been used to create the outer shells for devices such as hearing aids. Phil Reeves, who is an expert in the 3D printing industry, says that there are currently around 10 million hearing aids in circulation and that this is a conservative estimate, according to Forbes.
The great advantage of using a 3D-printed hearing aid is that it gives the user much greater comfort, as it can be adjusted to the exact measurements required. This would simply not be possible if it was mass produced in a factory.
Meanwhile, in February 2012, the BBC reported how a woman in the Netherlands was given a replacement jaw, made out of titanium powder, which had been created by a 3D printer.
Layerwise, the company who helped design the product said:
"Once we received the 3D digital design, the part was split up automatically into 2D layers and then we sent those cross-sections to the printing machine," the company added.
In the United States the median age at which colon cancer strikes is 69 for men and 73 for women. In Chad the average life expectancy at birth is about 50. Children who survive childbirth — and then malnutrition and diarrhea — are likely to die of pneumonia, tuberculosis, influenza, malaria, AIDS or even traffic accidents long before their cells accumulate the mutations that cause colon cancer.
In fact, cancers of any kind don't make the top 15 causes of death in Chad — or in Somalia, the Central African Republic and other places where the average life span peaks in the low to mid-50s. Many people do die from cancer, and their numbers are multiplied by rapidly growing populations and a lack of medical care. But first come all those other threats.
How different this is from the United States, where oncologists are working to rid a 91-year-old former president of metastatic melanoma, one of the deadliest cancers. One of Jimmy Carter's drugs, a new immunotherapy agent called Keytruda, has been priced at $12,500 a month, in addition to the cost of his surgery and treatment with computer-guided radiation beams.
Mr. Carter, a religious man, says he is prepared to meet his maker. But he is among the fortunate who first have the luxury of exhausting the most expensive remedies medicine has to offer.
The legal attack hit Kevin Folta in early February.
After receiving a FOIA request from US Right to Know—a nonprofit dedicated to exposing "the failures of the corporate food system"—the University of Florida notified Folta, a food and agricultural science professor at the university, that he would have to turn over all of his e-mails relating to correspondence with 14 different firms involved in agribusiness. His options: Submit all of his emails and allow lawyers to sift through them independently, or spend hours doing it himself alongside legal counsel.
The request is a response to public arguments by Folta that genetically modified foods are safe. Folta compares the strength of the scientific consensus on GM safety to the consensus on climate change and vaccines, and US Right to Know—or USRTK—believes the food and agricultural industries may be pressuring Folta and other scientists into voicing such arguments.
On January 28, US Right to Know sent out a FOIA request targeting 14 scientists at four universities, including Folta, requesting that they all turn over their email correspondence with industry representatives. Gary Ruskin, the executive director of USRTK, says the move is essential for uncovering the food industry's efforts to manipulate scientists into advancing pro-genetically-modified propaganda.
"The agri-chemical industry has spent $100 million dollars in a massive public relations campaign," he tells WIRED. "The public has the right to know the dynamics." The implication is that the scientists are working too closely with businesses who support genetically modified, or GM, foods.
Legal teams at the universities—Nebraska, University of Florida, UC Davis, and the University of Illinois—are currently evaluating the situation, but some scientists have already spoken out against the FOIA request. Although all of the targeted academics feel the requests are an unwarranted invasion of their privacy, many tell WIRED they are happy to comply with the requests, adamant that they and their colleagues have nothing to hide.
"I'm just a teacher, trying to distill a controversial literature for the general public," Folta says of his stance on genetically modified foods. "I turned over everything [requested by the FOIAs] immediately." He insists his job is to communicate that science to the public, no matter what kind of intimidation he might face. He has published extensive blog posts about the FOIA requests, some with examples of his e-mails to food industry businesses.
The situation is part of a long and heated battle over the future of GMOs. But there's much more at stake than just food safety. For some, this FOIA request—which echoes a high-profile FOIA made amidst the even more heated debate over climate change—represents a serious threat to academic freedom as well as the right to privacy.
"Open records requests are increasingly being used to harass and intimidate scientists and other academic researchers, or to disrupt and delay their work," reads a 2015 report from the Union of Concerned Scientists. "Academic institutions and other involved parties need to be prepared to respond to these requests in a way that protects the privacy and academic freedom of researchers while complying with the law and respecting the public's right to information.”
The Two Sides
Prominent scientific organizations agree with Folta on GMOs. "Every…respected organization that has examined the evidence has come to the same conclusion," reads a 2012 statement by the American Association for the Advancement of Science. "Consuming foods containing ingredients derived from GM crops is no riskier than consuming the same foods containing ingredients from crop plants modified by conventional plant improvement techniques.”
The World Health Organizations website includes a similar statement, last updated in 2014: "The GM products that are currently on the international market have all passed safety assessments conducted by national authorities." And a Pew Research Center study showed that 89 percent of scientists believe that GMO foods are safe—compared to 88 percent consensus on human-caused global warming.
This is in stark contrast to the general public, only 37 percent of whom believe that GM foods are safe. And various activist groups, including USRTK, believe that organizations such as the American Association for the Advancement of Science may have fallen victim to a massive and well-orchestrated industry PR campaign.
Ruskin, USRTK's executive director, spearheaded California's failed Proposition 37 for the mandatory labeling of genetically modified foods. And he's the author of a recent report, Seedy Business: What Big Food Is Hiding With Its Slick PR Campaign on GMOs, which accuses some of the targeted scientists of being "untrustworthy" and "shills."
GMO Answers
When journalist Keith Kloor wrote about the USRTK's FOIA request at Science Insider, Ruskin asserted that the scientists had been selected for FOIA requests due to their involvement with GMO Answers, an industry sponsored website that posts answers to public questions about the safety of GMOs, or genetically modified organisms.
After it was pointed out that some of the scientists had no involvement with GMO Answers, Ruskin apologized for the error and stated that some scientists had also been targeted for making public statements against California Proposition 37.
He and other activists claim that industry-tainted scientists unfairly harass researchers who publish studies questioning the safety of GMOs. As a result, there is no room for unbiased dialogue about the safety of GMOs in the sphere of academia.
"It's sad that it's come to this,” says Michael Hansen of the Consumers Union. “But I find it interesting that when the side that's attacked is trying to use the same tactics, they cry foul.”
The Union of Concerned Scientists
The Union of Concerned Scientists, a nonprofit science advocacy group, decried the FOIA requests in one of the first comments made on the issue by an independent organization.
"These requests to the genetic engineering researchers, just like other overly broad open records requests that seek excessive access to scientists' inboxes, are inappropriate," reads a February 20 statement. “We know such politically or ideologically motivated attacks can have chilling effects on researchers and confuse the public about the state of the science.”
Scientists targeted by the FOIAs insist that no harassment is occurring, and offer a different explanation for hostility to research that has suggested GMOs are unsafe.
"It's just bad science,” says Bruce Chassy, former head of the University of Illinois's food science department, who is also the target of a FOIA, referring to work that purportedly shows the dangers of GMO foods. "I'm an outspoken critic of bad science, and in my point of view, the anti-GMO movement is a showcase of bad science." (His university has rejected the request since Chassy is emeritus.)
Chassy points out that it was part of his job, and the job of all food scientists, to build bridges between universities and industry. To smear anyone who works with industry, he says, would be to relegate research to the ivory tower and cut higher education off from important funding sources.
"As a department head I have not always been sure about the proper relationship between a university and industry,” he says. “That's an important discussion to have, rationally and publicly. But these requests are not about rational dialogue. They are destructive, unethical, and immoral. They are looking for words to twist and take out of context.”
'Witch Hunt'
USRTK's request is the latest in a long list of controversial FOIA requests. As Ruskin points out, a Greenpeace FOIA request just uncovered industry funding of a prominent climate-change denier at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics. This, Ruskin argues, is the same kind of collusion he wants to uncover with his own request.
Chassy tells WIRED the comparison is ridiculous. “When someone is saying things that are against the scientific consensus, then you ask yourself: ‘What's going on here?'” he says. “But when people are producing work in line with the scientific consensus there's no reason to go on a witch hunt.”
He and other academics, as well as the Union of Concerned Scientists, say that a more valid comparison is with the FOIA request made of former U-Va climate scientist Michael Mann in 2011. The request was initiated by a Republican congressional delegate and the American Tradition Partnership, a conservative advocacy group. Scientists and academics widely viewed the request as motivated by the desire to intimidate Mann and suppress good science, and they applauded the Virginia Supreme Court's decision to reject the request.
Dialogue over GM foods is highly polarizing and emotional, making rational evaluation of the current situation extremely challenging. At this point, it is essential that scientists, academics, and policy-makers unconnected with the agri-chemical industry examine the relevant information—all of which is available online—and state their conclusions clearly and publicly. The status of the debate over GMOs, and nothing less than the future of academic freedom, depends on what they have to say.
In addition to Will Ospreay making his Ring of Honor debut on the promotion's upcoming tour of England in November, it looks like fellow British star Marty Scurll will soon be debuting for ROH as well.
Kevin Kelly's Monday afternoon video update was “interrupted” by a message from Scurll, who said that ROH would need to make room for the one true villain. The end of the video teased that he would be coming to the promotion soon.
Scurll has emerged as one of the brightest talents from the United Kingdom's blossoming professional wrestling scene, becoming a top star for both PROGRESS and Revolution Pro Wrestling. And he's made a name for himself in the United States with appearances for Pro Wrestling Guerrilla, EVOLVE, and others.
ROH didn't specify when or where Scurll would be making his debut for the promotion. The video announcing Scurll's impending debut is available to watch below:
The mystery surrounding a release of iodine over Europe in January deepened earlier this month as a second minor spike of radiation again tripped sensors in Svandhovd, Norway, the Barents Observer reported accurately in an article that will doubtless be followed several false ones from other sources.
The new spike, according to instruments monitored by the Norwegian Radiation Protection Authority, was measured between March 6 and 13, and, according to Bellona physicist and general director Nils Bøhmer, strongly suggest the iodine release is ongoing.
Measurements released by Finland a week earlier and reported by the news portal tend to support the notion of an ongoing release of iodine coming from somewhere – but just where remains unclear.
As such, the iodine measurements have become the stuff of Internet legend and fuel for conspiracies, and the newest reports will likely spur further theories.
Primary among This is the line several Russian news sites and bloggers have taken, which assert that the iodine is coming from Norway's Halden Research reactor, and which last October suffered a minor iodine release.
That was short lived, didn't affect the environment, and has since been controlled. Because iodine's half-life is only eight days, it's impossible that an October release would still be detectible in the atmosphere, Bøhmer has said numerous times ­– but has seen his comments fall on deaf ears.
A Twitter fire that started in Europe ­– after the reports of the iodine were confirmed by French nuclear authorities in January– spat out 140-character speculation that a nuclear bomb test in Russia, or even an accident at the Kola Nuclear Power Plant, were to blame. The theories were immediately debunked by Bellona and the Barents Observer.
Russia's guns were loaded for this. Its state news agencies began pumping out alternative facts to retaliate for the tweets. They blamed Ukraine for the radioactive release and made up quotes from European news agencies to do it.
The Kiev-based fake news debunking site Stopfake.org – which is devoted to ferreting out phony reports on all manner of calamity blamed on Ukraine by the Russian press ­­– spotlighted an article in RIA Novosti, one of Russia's most influential news agencies.
RIA Novosti falsely cited reports in Britain's Independent and the Barents Observer to make its case that the suspicious radiation spike was coming from Ukraine. Neither one of those outlets ever reported any such thing.
Germany's Deutsche Welle news agency was drawn into the controversy when it was falsely credited by Russia's Operativnaya Linya online newspaper with blaming Ukraine's Southern Nuclear Power Plant for the iodine. Deutsche Welle had likewise never said anything of the kind.
Despite the better ­– and mostly worst ­– efforts of the press, where the iodine is coming from is still not clear.
But nuclear authorities in Finland and Norway are taking the work of trying to triangulate its source seriously.
STUK, the Radiation and Nuclear Safety Authority in Finland, reported iodine 131 measurements in monitoring stations in Rovaniemi that measured at 0.3 microbecquerels per cubic meter of air. Those measurements were taken in February.
Norway has no measurements for the period reported by STUK, but its March measurements showed the iodine traces at 0.35 microbecquerels. Interestingly, Norway reports that iodine wasn't measured anywhere else in the country during that period.
Bellona's Bøhmer – who himself has been falsely credited recently with heralding radioactive calamity ­­– reluctantly called the repeat detection of iodine “serious.”
“If it is iodine-131, it is serious because that likely means a continuing release still going on. Iodine-131 has a half-life of only 8 days, so what was measured in January is long gone,” he said.
A similar mystery arose in 2012 when another strange bloom of iodine was detected over Europe. After running the less hysterical fake news gamut of a more innocent age, the source was eventually determined: Budapest's Izotop Intezet medical isotope facility.
A similarly innocent source will most likely be revealed at the culprit in the most recent iodine release, but not before the Internet explodes in a new mushroom cloud of speculation.
On behalf of FreedomWorks' activist community, I urge you to contact your senators and ask them to support the ObamaCare Replacement Act, S. 222, introduced by Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.). FreedomWorks is supporting this bill because it promotes key aspects of what the health insurance market should look like after ObamaCare is fully repealed.
With the unique moment that Members of Congress have before them, it's important that they not only repeal of ObamaCare but also move the American health care system in a more free market, patient-centered direction. While we are aware of congressional efforts to repeal and replace ObamaCare, the time is now to make it clear what the best path forward looks like.
As currently written, the ObamaCare Replacement Act repeals ObamaCare and its costly regulations and offers reforms that will will reduce excess taxation, wasteful spending, return health insurance regulation to the states, and provide more choices for Americans.
It's time we let the doctors take the reins on health care, and lower the cost by expanding the options for patients and providers.
The expansion of health savings accounts (HSAs) is a strong aspect of the bill that would incentive people to save tax-free and help make health care more affordable for the average middle-class American. Under this bill, HSAs would be able to roll over to other beneficiaries including, children, spouses or parents. The HSA could be used to purchase individual health insurance as well, which federal law currently prohibits. HSAs will reform the structure of the failing health care system by allowing Americans to invest in their health and manage it on an individual basis.
The market for which the accounts can be spent would be expanded to include nutritional, dietary supplements, and physical fitness programs to qualify as medical care. Allowing people to use their HSA to pay for preventive care promotes individual liberty and is purely good policy.
Leveling the playing field for tax treatment of health insurance will allow people to have options resulting in lower-priced health care that is better suited for individual needs. This bill would allow Americans to purchase insurance plans independent of their employer, yet this bill does not interfere with employer-provided coverage for Americans that prefer those plans.
The ObamaCare Replacement Act will lessen regulations the Department of Labor has put on group health insurance plans to allow small business to opt into association health plans (AHPs) together. Also, reforming Independent health pools would allow groups of people purchasing power regarding insurance.
This bill will amend the Public Health Service Act to allow groups of people to pool together and purchase insurance. Organizations including churches, alumni associations, and trade associations will have the opportunity to purchase group insurance and negotiate plans.
The AHP aspect of Sen. Paul's bill will also continue to act as a safeguard for those with pre-existing conditions by allowing them to get coverage as a group compared to individuals struggling to get coverage on their own. This bill will restore the HIPAA law in place prior to Obamacare, which protected patients with pre-existing conditions by guaranteeing them coverage. It will also give a two-year window through which patients with pre-existing conditions can sign up for coverage. The goal is to get people affordable health insurance so they can continually maintain coverage and will be covered before they get sick.
The ObamaCare Replacement Act comprises the aspects of reform that are necessary to make health care more accessible and affordable by allowing individuals to make choices regarding their health care and encouraging a more competitive marketplace. Giving people the option of a tax-free savings plan and associating with groups to negotiate prices, gives the power back to the people where it has always belonged.
It's time to put down a marker of what real free-market, patient-centered health insurance reform looks like and begin to repeal ObamaCare with a sense of urgency. For these reasons, I urge you to contact your senators and ask them to support the ObamaCare Replacement Act, S. 222.
Sincerely,
Adam Brandon, President and CEO, FreedomWorks
(Fortune) -- Until the recent tempest, Wall Street firms looked like just about the world's best businesses. Year after year, they posted sumptuous returns on equity, ever-rising share prices, and if you believed their claims, a new breed of CEOs who'd mastered the art and science of risk management. True, it was hard to decipher exactly how they made all that money. But make it they did.
The standards that rule most businesses�� - avoiding excessive leverage, reining in rampant pay and the massive dilution that goes with it�� - didn't apply to Wall Street. So what if investors didn't understand all those arcane instruments and sophisticated hedging strategies? Wall Street was the black box on the Hudson that worked its own brand of magic.
Today, the magic is fading fast. It's time to step back and analyze how financial firms actually operate.
The truth is that they've been relying on a highly-flawed business model for years. Put simply, Wall Street firms used towering leverage to make tons of money in a long-running bull market that blatantly underpriced risk. At the same time, they handed a huge chunk of the gains to employees in the form of excessive pay.
Now that run is over, and the price of risk is rising dramatically. That's driving down value of everything from junk bonds to mortgaged backed securities. Wall Street's addiction to leverage is cutting the wrong way. The Bear Stearns (BSC, Fortune 500) meltdown is a primer in the Wall Street curse: When portfolios are built on a mountain of debt, a firm's entire equity base can vanish overnight. The same curse is now taking its toll at Lehman (LEH, Fortune 500), Morgan Stanley (MS, Fortune 500), and Goldman Sachs (GS, Fortune 500).
So let's look at where Wall Street went wrong, and what it can do to redeem itself. Be warned. Redemption won't be easy. The three big weaknesses of Wall Street are deeply embedded in its culture.
First, firms rely far too heavily on trading as opposed to solid, reliable fee-based businesses favored by big commercial banks. As we'll see, one type of Wall Street trading is consistently lucrative. The rub is that firms always blow it on the risky trading.
Second, firms embrace leverage levels so dangerous that even the best risk management can't prevent a collapse.
Third, an outsize share of the gains go out the door to CEOs, CFOs and traders when times are good�� - or rather, when firms get lucky - ��leaving shareholders with far less wealth when markets go sour.
The first issue�� - trading�� - is complex. That's because a large part of Wall Street trading is a super money-maker, even if the way it's conducted is a drag for the average investor. A decade ago, Wall Street garnered most of its revenues from fee-based businesses, including M&A advisory, brokerage, equity and debt underwriting, and asset management. Today, over 60% of revenues flow from trading.
It's important to realize that trading falls into two distinct categories, call them part A and part B. Wall Street firms occupy a highly privileged position for viewing which investors are buying which stocks and bonds. That's because their primary clients, often through their prime brokerage businesses, are the world's biggest investors, mutual funds. Anyone who's worked as a Wall Street trader will tell you that the firms use their market intelligence to trade for their own accounts. Though the fund clients complain about the practice, they put up with it. So Wall Street firms enjoy an edge over the rest of us, and use it aggressively. This part of trading is incredibly, even consistently, lucrative.
If Wall Street stopped there, it wouldn't be facing its current crisis. The problem comes with Part B, trading that's potentially dangerous. Wall Street firms can't resist taking big positions in currencies, mortgage backed securities, oil futures, junk bonds or other speculative vehicles, especially when they're hot. It happened in the late 1990s with the Asian Contagion, the LTCM meltdown, and the Russian debt crisis, and again with the tech bubble. When risk premiums on those assets keep falling, as they did consistently from 2002 until the middle of last year, the Wall Street mavens look like geniuses.
But when the risk spreads expand suddenly and dramatically, the story of the last 9 months, the prices of those assets drop sharply. Wall Street leaders from Stan O'Neal, former Merrill Lynch (MER, Fortune 500) CEO, to John Mack, chief of Morgan Stanley, boasted that their firms' skills in risk management would prevent massive losses from proprietary trading, part B, as we call it.
But the enormous profits on the way up was a danger signal that Wall Street was playing on the edge. The losses on the way down are proof that either Wall Street isn't as good at hedging as it claims, or more likely, that too much hedging would spoil the huge profits it craves when markets are roaring.
Wall Street's second problem is its love of leverage. At the end of 2007, Morgan Stanley and Lehman had ratios of assets to shareholders' equity of 33 to 1, closely rivaled by 28 to 1 at Merrill. Again, it's the curse that felled Bear Stearns: If the value of the portfolios of any of these firms falls by 3%, their entire capital would be wiped out. To be sure, that massive leverage magnified gains mightily from 2002 to mid-2007. But today, it threatens to erase most, or even all, of their shareholders' wealth. The sad truth is that Wall Street managers aren't geniuses but big risk-takers who get lucky. Until they get unlucky.
It's the third problem, Wall Street's legendary largesse on pay, that encourages that outrageous risk-taking. The system rewards swashbuckling behavior from every level from traders to CEOs. If traders can generate big profits for a year or two by taking risky bets, they can collect bonuses big enough to retire on. In good years, top managers at places like Bear and Morgan Stanley collect grants of restricted stock and options far out of proportion to the size of their companies. For example, James Cayne, Bear's former CEO, collected almost $40 million in pay for 2006.
Once again, Bear's big profits were driven largely by excessive leverage and a frothy market, not, to put it mildly, by enlightened management. At most of the firms, the employees took 30% or more of the company through stock grants that they paid nothing for, leaving far less for shareholders.
So what's the solution? First, Wall Street must return to its roots in fee-based businesses. It would also do far better relying on part A type trading, though the ethics of that business are questionable, and it may fade as trading becomes more automated and electronic systems that allow clients to remain anonymous inevitably flourish.
Second, the current leverage ratios are irresponsible, and must come down. Indeed, Jamie Dimon forged his reputation as one of Wall Street's most prudent managers at Travelers by demanding that the investment bank limit its leverage.
Third, the compensation system must be revamped so that traders and managers bank their bonuses forward, so that they're only released if the firms are profitable over a sustained period of say, four or five years, not a single year. That reform is probably just a dream, given what stars expect on Wall Street. But it would favor shareholders over employees, a dream that's worth achieving.
The most probable result of all this turmoil isn't the reforms I've mentioned, at least not directly. It's that the already shrinking ranks of independent firms get swallowed up by big banks, either domestic or foreign. That's the system in Europe and Asia. It was only the artificial separation of investment and commercial banks that kept the Wall Street firms independent for this long. But Wall Street has blown it. Over time, big banks, boasting far more capital and far more discipline, will tame Wall Street. It just happened with JP Morgan (JPM, Fortune 500) and Bear. And that's just the beginning.
ADVERTISEMENT
The results from the first round of France's presidential election are likely to be over-interpreted as a reprieve for the European Union. The pro-Europe candidate Emmanuel Macron won nearly one-fourth of the vote, with the anti-EU Marine Le Pen nipping at his heels. Macron is now the favorite to beat the far-right Le Pen in the run-off, as establishment political actors and institutions are sure to coalesce around the banker and ex-socialist to topple Le Pen and rebuff her promises of a Frexit.
And so, the increasingly internationalist political class breathes a sigh of relief. Finally, after populist uprisings in Britain and America, the great political project of our time has been vindicated.
I will concede that the ugliness, distemper, and pure blinding amateurism of nationalist and euroskeptic movements can be alarming. But for all of that, they are right. The European Union has to die. And the sooner it goes away, the better for everyone.
Europe's post-war peace has been guaranteed by the hegemony of the last World War's winners, not the institutions of the European Union itself. And at this point, EU institutions are obviously the cause of enflamed nationalism, not the remedy for it.
Nationalism is a persistent feature in the political landscape, but it usually lies dormant. Nationalist political movements come to life in the presence of an irritant or an achievable ambition. The European Union acts as a major irritant to nationalism in two ways.
Number one: A multinational governing project is bound to override the wishes of individual nations, especially less powerful ones. The post-financial-crisis governance of the European Union revealed that the government in Brussels had not dissolved realpolitik. If the choice was between the interests of German bondholders and Greek or Irish debtors, the dispute would always be resolved in favor of Germany. Elect a recalcitrant and rebellious government in Athens if you like; it doesn't matter. The real bosses are in Brussels.
The European Union's structure, in which most decisions are made by the European Commission, is undemocratic. The commission is not elected, and sometimes the leaders selected to it, like England's Neil Kinnock, are politicians who have just lost an election. Similarly, Poland's Donald Tusk ascended to be president of the European Council just before Poland tossed his Civic Platform party out of government at home.
The European project irritates and insults the democratic aspirations of individual nations in other ways, too. Making individual nation states vote repeatedly until they give the "correct" answer on an EU treaty is an obvious instance. But there are others. To protect itself, the pro-EU political class absconds major issues into its "opinion corridor" or "consensus." It simply forbids democratic sentiment to impinge on the freer movement of people into and through the EU.
The second way that the EU enflames nationalism is more subtle. The EU creates the conditions whereby nationalist movements can free-ride on the structures created by multinationalism. By providing the semblance of a defense policy, along with a battery of trade policies and its own central bank, the EU makes it easier for secessionist movements to imagine a future for themselves. Catalan, Flemish, and Scottish nationalists would have a much harder time convincing their regions of the feasibility of a breakaway if America wasn't providing for Europe's security at the continental level, and the EU wasn't making the monetary policy decisions anyway.
We should ask if these assertions of nationalist identity don't trigger others. Is it not a coincidence that a defiantly English-led Brexit won so quickly after a referendum on a Scottish exit from the United Kingdom?
Now that one nation has invoked Article 50, it seems likelier that another one, somewhere in the heart of the continent, will do the same. It may not be France this time. But it could be Italy, or Spain, in the future. Whenever an economic cycle goes into bust and the costs are concentrated in one nation, the reluctance of Germany or other high-performing nations to bail it out will bring euroskepticism to a boil again. Even those who are celebrating Macron's likely victory are doing so only because he blocks Le Pen. Nobody seems to have faith that he can resolve the social tensions in France, or make the economy work as well for those on the "peripherique" in France.
Dismantling the EU will have major economic costs. Unwinding a bad investment is always painful. But it will not cost Europeans everything that they like about the present. The "Europe of Nations" that Marine Le Pen dreams of can still be a Europe with liberal travel arrangements. The Erasmus program that is so beloved manages to reach beyond the strict limits of the European Union as well. The growth in social tolerance and liberality in Europe is a pan-Western phenomenon, led by the culture of the United States.
Prolonging the EU's life would require greater and greater interventions against the democratic publics in larger and more central nations of the union. A peaceful dissolution soon is better than the conflict that these EU-preserving interventions would call forth.
OTTAWA — Conservative leadership candidate Maxime Bernier is reaching out to gun owners, saying that when he's prime minister, they “won't have to worry anymore” that their firearms can be reclassified or taken away.
“Liberals hate guns,” Bernier asserts in a fundraising note sent to Conservative party members on Tuesday. “We know [the Grits are] going to change the law. But we don't know how,” the Tory candidate states.
Maxime Bernier is seen in Toronto on Sept. 20, 2016. (Photo: Colin Perkel/CP)
The Liberals say they are letting the RCMP decide how guns should be classified.
"The position of the government of Canada is that this judgment needs to be left in the hands of the professionals in the police authorities, who are by far in the best position to make these judgment calls based upon their expertise," Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said earlier this year.
The police force's decisions should not be second-guessed by politicians, Goodale added.
Days before last year's federal election, the Conservative government reversed a decision the RCMP had made two years before and announced that the Ceska Zbrojovka (CZ) 858 rifle and certain Swiss Arms rifles would no longer be prohibited.
Gun owners praised the move.
Ralph Goodale arrives to a cabinet meeting on Parliament Hill on May 31. (Photo: Sean Kilpatrick/CP)
Back in 2014, then public safety minister Steven Blaney — now also a Conservative leadership candidate — had given rifle owners a two-year amnesty from the RCMP's decision, which prevented them from hunting with their weapons. Blaney expressed shocked at learning of the decision by “unelected bureaucrats” to ban the controversial semi-automatic Swiss Arms Classic Green rifle and other PE90 models.
But as the CBC found, through the Access to Information Act, the Mounties had informed Blaney at least twice about their investigation into a complaint that the semi-automatic rifle could be easily converted into a fully automatic weapon.
This week, Bernier asked the Liberal government whether it is planning to reclassify any firearms and whether the RCMP currently has any firearms under a review that could lead to a reclassification of their status in Canada.
Bernier also asked to know how many Canadians are really considered “too dangerous to own firearms,” how many have been prohibited from obtaining firearms, prohibited from hunting, or have had their firearms licences revoked.
"Without changing any laws, the Liberals could steal our property and make people criminals overnight."
“Without changing any laws, the Liberals could steal our property and make people criminals overnight,” Bernier wrote in his fundraising note. “It's not fair, and it doesn't make Canada any safer.”
Bernier, the 53-year-old former cabinet minister in prime minister Stephen Harper's government, added that he doesn't believe public safety means taking guns away from law-abiding citizens.
“I don't believe that owning firearms makes you a criminal, or dangerous, or violent person,” he wrote. “When I'm prime minister, firearms owners won't have to worry anymore.”
Last year, the Conservatives passed legislation allowing the cabinet to overrule the RCMP's firearms classification and to redesignate restricted or prohibited firearms as non-restricted.
Liberals won't create federal registry: Goodale staffer
Goodale's spokesman Scott Bardsley said the Liberals plan to repeal “some elements” of bill C-42, for example, a section that allows restricted and prohibited firearms to be transported without a permit, but not, specifically, cabinet's overrule provisions.
Still, Bardsley said, the Liberal government “will not interfere in the police's decision-making about weapons classifications.”
“Our government believes in balanced, effective gun control that prioritizes public safety while ensuring law-abiding firearms owners do not face unfair treatment under the law,” he wrote in an email.
The Liberals want to make it more difficult for criminals to acquire and use handguns and assault weapons, he said. The government is also focused on reducing gang violence and making investments to tackle “the social roots of violence,” he said.
And while, the government is willing to assist Quebec creates a firearm registry, Ottawa “will not recreate a federal long gun registry,” he added.
Bernier has raised more than $500K
Bernier's fundraising note ends with a call for supporters to donate $5 to help his campaign. His campaign has raised more than $500,000 so far, spokesman Maxime Hupé told HuffPost.
The Conservative leadership contenders face off in a first official debate on Nov. 9 in Saskatoon.
Eight Tories have so far as registered as candidates. They include, aside from Bernier and Blaney, Michael Chong, Kellie Leitch, Deepak Obhrai, Erin O'Toole, Andrew Scheer and Brad Trost.
With files from the Canadian Press
Also on HuffPost
Every Sunday we offer up an article from our archive, either for you to discover for the first time or to get acquainted with all over again. This week we present Simon Parkin's profile of Hironobu Sakaguchi, originally published in February 2012.
"So, what are you doing in London today?" The hairdresser speaks in broken English, pausing every few words with the sheer effort of foreign sentence construction. "I am a video game journalist," I reply, hopefully. "Ahhh!" he laughs, a mixture of amusement and the relief of simply understanding the response.
"I just interviewed Hironobu Sakaguchi," I offer. A pause. "Do you know the Final Fantasy games? He made those."
I need a haircut, sort of, but really I came to this unassuming hairdressers near Oxford Street for this specific conversation. Never meet your heroes, they say: they can only disappoint. There's bruising truth in the cliché. When I was a teenager I would take the train to central London and walk through Soho to peer in the windows of Squaresoft's London office in the hope of catching a glimpse of a developer.
Of course, Golden Square was home only to weary marketing men, the company's creative teams housed thousands of miles away on two floors of the Phizer building in Shinjuku, Tokyo. There was never any chance of bumping into a Final Fantasy artist or Secret of Mana coder. Deep down maybe I suspected as much. If nothing else, video games make masters of suspension of disbelief of us all.
An hour earlier I stepped out of The Soho Hotel having sat down with the man whose games paid for that office in Golden Square and which inspired my stalking of it. But there's no sense of elation following the long-awaited meeting.
The Last Story is Sakaguchi's first game as director since 1992's Final Fantasy 5, although Sakaguchi insists that the change in title hasn't really affected his role.
The preceding interview overran, cutting into an already tight schedule. A lunchtime dialogue became a 45-minute interview became a 30-minute race. Sakaguchi, jetlagged from his flight and weary from a morning answering the same questions worded differently, speaks in a slow and thoughtful Japanese drawl.
His translator writes copious notes as the director talks, processing the answers for a few seconds before assembling his mental translation. He gropes for words, occasionally referencing an electronic dictionary; answers that could take 30 seconds take five minutes to unfurl. Information remains coy under the ticking of a relentless clock.
By the end of the conversation, this treasure trove of anecdotes and facts feels almost untouched. Worse, when prompted by the Nintendo rep to bring things to a close with a final question I ask the 50-year-old Sakaguchi what he hopes to achieve with his remaining 15-odd years of working life. He pauses a dull pause.
Eventually: "There is nothing in particular that I want to achieve."
The suspension of disbelief crashes to the floor.
"I had so much fun when I first started at Square. During those days the development studio was in a rented apartment. Because I was so poor I'd often stay at their premises because they had a bath and air conditioning. I never really went home..." Hironobu Sakaguchi
Ten minutes later I head to perhaps the only place within walking distance where there might be someone to help me replace disappointment with celebration. The hairdresser is staffed by young Japanese in their mid to late 20s, spending perhaps a year out in London before heading back to Tokyo to settle down. If meeting Hironobu Sakaguchi is still an occasion in 2012, then surely somebody here will recognise it as such.
"Ahhh!" says the hairdresser, smiling broadly. "I loved Final Fantasy 6!"
"Yes," I laugh, all relief. "Me too."
"So funny!" His face changes, quizzical. "His latest game. Final Fantasy...15? Or 14?"
"14," I say. "Well, 13 part two actually. But he wasn't invol..."
"I've not played that one," he laughs, not listening.
---
Hironobu Sakaguchi is a designer exceeded by one of his earliest creations. This rare press trip to the UK, the first in over a decade, is to promote his studio Mistwalker's latest Nintendo Wii title, The Last Story. Later that night, at a public BAFTA interview an audience member asks him if he's bored talking about Final Fantasy and he admits that, yes, after an afternoon being quizzed about the series by so many European journalists he is so very tired of it.
And yet, what a story.
Sakaguchi's first contact with a video game came soon after the birth of the industry, with Pong (although he forgets the name of the game when I ask him, instead acting out turning the dials used to move the proto-bat to swipe at the pixel ball). From there he bought an Apple II and played American role playing games such as Ultima and Wizardry, then later Transylvania by Penguin Software, games that pointed at a creative fissure he would later mine.
He joined Square - as the company was known at the time before it merged with long-time rival Enix to form an RPG super group - in 1983 and made three computer games, none of which excelled commercially. Soon afterwards he switched development to Nintendo's Famicom developing the racing game Highway Star, then King's Knight and World Runner.
Sakaguchi renews his partnership with Nobuo Uematsu for The Last Story, and it's a partnership that predates the Final Fantasy series.
"I had so much fun when I first started at Square," he tells me when I ask him to paint a picture of the early days. For the first time in the interview he becomes animated, makes eye contact and smiles. "During those days the development studio was in a rented apartment. Because I was so poor I'd often stay at their premises because they had a bath and air conditioning. I never really went home..."
His formative titles sold reasonably well but Sakaguchi wasn't excited by the designs ("The reason these games failed to do better was because I was copying what was already on the market"). His bosses had assigned him to make 3D games for the system because the programmer working with him, Nasir Gebelli, excelled at 3D graphic coding.
Sakaguchi resolved to try one last project in the emerging genre that first attracted him to the industry. He wrote the design document for Final Fantasy, labelling the project with a name that reflected the fact he expected this to be his final video game project, his first and last story.
It wasn't. Final Fantasy launched with perfect timing, riding the swell of RPG popularity kicked up by Black Onyx (the first Japanese RPG, introduced to the country by Bulletproof Software's Henk Rogers) and Enix's own Dragon Quest. Final Fantasy found a vociferous following, first in Japan, then in America following the release of Final Fantasy 6 and, finally, in Europe following the release of Final Fantasy 7.
As the company moved from its rented apartment to multinational offices, Sakaguchi sought out Japan's brightest talent, hiring people such as Tetsuya Nomura, the artist who designed Cloud and Aeris and whose art style now defines Square Enix's Japanese output; Tetusya Takahashi, designer of Xenogears and last year's triumphant Xenoblade Chronicles and Yasumi Matsuno, creator of Ogre Battle, Final Fantasy Tactics and Vagrant Story.
Sakaguchi had a knack for partnering with keen talent; even Ted Woolsey, the man tasked with translating many of the company's 16-bit titles within punishing deadlines (Final Fantasy 6 was reportedly translated in just 30 days) is now director of first party publishing for Microsoft's Xbox Live Arcade service.
On the immediate horizon for Sakaguchi is a handful of iOS games - the first, he revealed recently, is to be influenced by his love of surfing.
These were the golden years, arguably the most productive and creatively rich in the company's history. Fascinating curios such as Bahamut Lagoon, Brave Fencer Musashi, Racing Lagoon, and Dew Prism refute the lie that Squaresoft was a one trick Chocobo. Rarely has a publisher pressed its nose against the boundaries of its chosen genre with such force and abandon.
The publisher even set up its own 'indie' label, the anagrammatically-named Aques, to release non-JRPGs during the PlayStation years. But with all that success came hubris and, having fantasised for so many years about making games masquerading as films, Sakaguchi was finally offered the chance to make a film masquerading as a game.
Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within was a movie directed by a man whose sole experience of directing was in video game cut-scenes, the 45-second CGI money-shots that brought the rudimentary sprites used in gameplay to life. No animated movie before or after its release has lost more money at the box office (the movie cost $137 million and took just $85 million worldwide). Regardless of how much money Sakaguchi had brought to the Square empire, the movie's failure undermined his position as director at the company to shareholders, reportedly delaying the merger deal with Enix by several years.
The headlines, real or imagined, became 'Square - the Japanese game maker with ideas above its station'; 'Square - not good enough for Hollywood'. In 2004 Sakaguchi stepped down from his position as an executive vice president at the company he built. A Japanese game reporter once told me that, following the director's departure, those creative minds he had mentored within the company were ostracised by the new management. Midway through development of Final Fantasy 12 Sakaguchi's protégée, producer Yasumi Matsuno, departed citing "ill health", never to return.
"I am always most excited about the now. It's always the current moment that is the most exciting in game development. Of course the techniques that are used in game creation and theory are always evolving. When I first started in the industry I could never have imagined games would look the way that they do today. So I am excited for today. But also I am excited for tomorrow." Hironobu Sakaguchi
Sakaguchi retired to Hawaii, where he still lives today, surfing and dreaming up ideas for video games ("the idea for the 'gathering' mechanic in The Last Story came to me while I was waiting for a wave"). His reputation ensured that by the time his no-compete clause with Square Enix was up, Microsoft was at his front door holding a chequebook and invitation to come aboard. Together they formed Mistwalker studios, based in Tokyo yet managed by Sakaguchi from Hawaii. Development began on two Xbox 360 exclusives: Blue Dragon and Lost Odyssey.
Sakaguchi was back in the game. But what had been lost in the fire?
---
"Whenever I create a game it's still like my own child is being born," he tells me. "The Last Story took three and a half years to complete and all of the staff members put their all into creating the game. Our child is extremely beautiful. We have a lot of love for the game. I am extremely satisfied with the outcome."
There's a passion in his words that goes beyond a fulfilment of marketing duty. The Last Story, a competent, interesting Japanese RPG may not be his best work, but it's no runt of the litter. And to characterise Sakaguchi as an absent father would be grossly unfair. He is still present and hands on in the creative birthing process, to play on his own analogy.
"Normally I would spend three weeks in Hawaii followed by three weeks in Japan during a development," he says. "But for The Last Story I spent three months in Tokyo followed by just 10 days in Hawaii, a repeating pattern for three years. Even though we have video chat these days I still prefer to be in front of the team."
Beyond scratching that creative itch, Sakaguchi is eager to continue to gently but forcibly push the genre he helped establish. The first year of The Last Story's production was given over to prototyping. "The game was born from the feeling that we need to move away from the traditional turn based combat of JRPGs," he says. "We had a trial and error phase that lasted a year where we just tried different approaches. A lot of those ideas were rejected but many were adopted."
Even so, with the JRPG long fallen from its dizzy commercial heights of success in the 32-bit era, it's difficult to imagine Sakaguchi could be as excited about games as he has been at other pivotal times in his long-running career.
"I am always most excited about the now," he counters. "It's always the current moment that is the most exciting in game development. Of course the techniques that are used in game creation and theory are always evolving. When I first started in the industry I could never have imagined games would look the way that they do today. So I am excited for today. But also I am excited for tomorrow."
Ands that's when I ask him about his own future; about his own ambitions and goals.
The long pause.
"There's nothing in particular that I want to achieve. I want to enjoy the moment, have fun as I go alone." And why shouldn't he? Here is a man who bet everything on a game, a fantasy, and hit the jackpot. Here is a man who bet everything on a film, a fantasy, and lost it all again. Here is a man who, thanks to his legacy, now runs a company that can make the games that pop into his head while he surfs on a beach in Hawaii. Here is a man whose legacy means two people from different walks of life and from different ends of the earth can share a laugh in a hairdressers' salon about a game that was released 18 years ago.
It doesn't matter that the hairdresser doesn't know Sakaguchi isn't working on Final Fantasy any more. Hironobu Sakaguchi is a designer exceeded by one of his creations. If indeed he views his games as his children, then no man wants more for his children than a story greater than his own.
At home that night I begin to transcribe the interview. The .mp3 reaches the question about future ambition, and I realise that I'd stopped listening before the translator had finished the thought. "There are times when I suddenly come up with an idea," he added. "I've always felt that when you are gifted with an idea you have a responsibility to carry it through, to make it into something."
For Sakaguchi the creative process is not an ambition; it is a duty, a responsibility. And while that continues to remain his attitude, there will be no ending, merely the opportunity for another final fantasy, and another again.
Introduction
ne is a free (GPL'd) text editor based on the POSIX standard that runs (we hope) on almost any UN*X machine. ne is easy to use for the beginner, but powerful and fully configurable for the wizard, and most sparing in its resource usage. If you have the resources and the patience to use emacs or the right mental twist to use vi then probably ne is not for you. However, if you need an editor that:
compiles without effort everywhere (or almost everywhere), is packaged for all Linux distributions, and ported to other operating systems (such as Mac OS X);
is fast, small, powerful and simple to use;
has standard keystrokes (e.g., copy is CTRL-C);
uses little bandwidth, so it is ideal for email, editing through phone line (or slow GSM/GPRS/UMTS) connections;
has a very compact internal text representation, so you can easily load and modify very large files…
ne
… then you should try
Some of the features of ne are:
three user interfaces: control keystrokes, command line, and menus; keystrokes and menus are completely configurable;
syntax highlighting;
full support for UTF-8 files, including multiple-column characters;
64-bit file/line length;
simple scripting language where scripts can be generated via an idiotproof record/play method;
an idiotproof record/play method; unlimited undo/redo capability (can be disabled with a command);
automatic preferences system based on the extension of the file name being edited or regex content matching;
automatic completion of prefixes using words in your documents as dictionary;
a file requester with completion features for easy file retrieval;
extended regular expression search and replace a la emacs and vi ;
and ; a very compact memory model—you can easily load and modify very large files, even if they do not fit your core memory;
editing of binary files.
Linux Voice ranked ne as the third best editor for Linux!
There are a few archives related to ne : the general distribution is a tar gzip'd file containing sources that should compile under any POSIX-compliant UNIX. The RPM archives provide easy installation on RPM-based distributions.
If you use the Cygwin environment there is a version of ne compiled for it (you just have to untar it in the root directory). This version requires the last version of ncurses , but you can also get a termcap -based version that has no dependencies and starts by default using the built-in ANSI sequences.
The following is an outline of the last 40+ years of Capitalist economics, what it has caused, and what is yet to come.
The explanation for the success of Corbyn, Farage, Trump, Bernie, and many more you have never heard of in places you never knew existed lays below. The Center ground has failed.
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR WAGES POST 1980 UK / US
WHAT HAPPENED TO POOREST U.K PEOPLES POST 1980
WHAT HAPPENED TO AMERICAN PEOPLES PRE/POST 1980
A REASON WHY WE DON'T TAX THE RICH ANYMORE & WHO WAS PRIMARILY RESPONSIBLE
EXAMPLES OF HOW CAPITALISM HAS FAILED THE WESTERN MAJORITY:UK
^ In addition to this, 16 million working age people in the UK have less than £100 in savings, living paycheck to paycheck. Prior to 1980 the UK peoples were net savers, post 1980 you can see whats happened.
^ This chart shows that the majority of new income generated from the explosion of profits posts 1980 has not been passed on to those who created those profits. If you want to know where it went, Keep reading.
WHAT HAPPENED TO EXECUTIVE PAY POST 1980:UK
EXAMPLES OF HOW CAPITALISM HAS FAILED THE WESTERN MAJORITY:USA
^ For a country that has no universal healthcare nor free education to spend that much on war does nothing more than create enemies with whom to fight. US total military spending + reserve = $1TRILLION a year. For Comparison, Russia spends $60Billion. As does the UK. The banks however are making a killing off Arms in general. Google “disaster Capitalism” for more info.
WHAT HAPPENED TO EXECUTIVE PAY POST 1980:USA
WHAT THE ELITES DID WITH OUR STOLEN WAGES
^ This doesn't even cover their hard assets. This is just the excess cash they don't know what to do with because their is virtually no return on investment to be found in the global economy and you can only buy so many shares before the returns don't match your outlay. It is now $12+Trillion as of 2016. And its also a big driver behind a rising stock market above a stagnant global economy.
WHEN THE WAGE THEFT TOOK OFF. USA DATA
UK=A MIRROR IMAGE
I can replicate this picture in most capitalist countries. A model Exported via financial markets of US&UK over the 1980's and 90's is now dominant. It is supply side economics or “neoliberal” economics as the media likes to say without a clue as to its history nor the citizens of Chile murdered for its founding but that's another story.
Generally speaking, modern Capitalist economics doesn't give a damn how much money is in your pocket, you are a consumer only. Only when you can't increase your consumption year on year by taking on more debt do the asset owning classes care(1929/2008) but only enough to pillage your country's savings to allow them to keep lending you the wages you no longer get for what you produce for them per hour, and haven't done since before 1980, never to change.
Indeed, it's getting worse: (clicking a link should open it in new window)
http://www.ifs.org.uk/tools_and_resources/incomes_in_uk
http://www.mckinsey.com/global-themes/employment-and-growth/poorer-than-their-parents-a-new-perspective-on-income-inequality
points of interest:
66% of all shares globally are owned by 1% of the population. That 1% decide the board of directors who make decisions in their interests that effect the economics and thus lives of billions of people.
In the UK, half the working age population has less than £100 in the bank. Thats 16 million people. The next 4 million have less than £1000. These are working people, in their millions, that after working the entire year wouldn't have enough left in the bank to pay for a new combi boiler. The USA and many other western nations are no better.
Question: Do I think going back to the laws and tax rates of 1945 -> 1980 (a return to Keynesian economics) will help? NO. If we reverse history with laws, when we are grey and mostly gone, the new generation of the 1% will use their wealth to undo everything working people achieved, as they have done many times before. The repeat of history has to stop if this world is to survive, the instabilities of capitalism have to end if all our people are to live with dignity. And you can only do that with systemic change.
HOW MODERN SOCIALISM CAN SAVE CAPITALISM FROM ITSELF & AN EXAMPLE OF WHAT UKLABOUR PARTY UNDER CORBYN WANT
Along with this is a law that UK Labour party will pass that states, any company selling up, merging, off shoring, closing, the workers will be given the option, to take control of and operate the company or the buildings and equipment that the company has here if a multinational chooses to leave, and the public bank Jeremy will create will provide the loans to do so.
The Corporations will not be allowed to take the equipment and resources the UK taxpayer subsidized if they leave. The workers left behind take that over. It's called Democracy @ work and Germany already has similar laws including that 45% of the board of directors of a company employing over 1000people must be taken from the base work force. All combined, it's a major reason why their manufacturing hasn't buggered off to China.
If the UK/USA had these laws by 1980 the last 40 years would have been very different indeed, it would have made it so much more difficult for capitalism to abandon the country's in which it grew up, and with the tools and factories left behind turned over to the workers the corporate elites would have to compete with the workers they left behind for their UK market share which they would lose once the word got out in favour of the UK workers at X factory v shoddy Chinese goods from x Global Capitalist Supranational Corporation.
Socialism & the Media
We are told three lies regarding Karl Marx & Socialism by our historians, teachers, parents, media, and the defenders and beneficiaries of Capitalism:
The Media Says Marx =
1) Central planning
2) Government ownership
3) Single party rule i.e. the USSR on wards …
He never wrote a single word on these three topics above, nor did he ever propose “an economic model to follow”. He was a critic of Capitalism. For the private sector, he wanted nothing less than democracy at work in order to save capitalism from itself and save us from Capitalism. He saw and documented the future from 150 years ago, and our leaders response was to discredit him through manipulations of economic fact and history taught from the youngest age in the farthest schools for eternity.
His entire and ONLY focus was on the problems and injustices of capitalism and how to solve them, this is why our Captains of Capitalism, our education, our historians and the Media have lied to us for generations. His life and writing are a danger to the slave master relationship that the asset owning classes want regardless of the country where they control the show, capitalism promised to get rid of this slave master relationship which is a hangover from feudalism with liberty, equality, and fraternity and then it failed to do so anywhere on this earth, instead creating a global version of the hunger games with a trans boarder capable elite.
In summary, Capitalism, has collapsed twice in 75 years and had 11 downturns in between for the USA, 6 for the UK, now entering the 12th/7th since the depression. As I have proven, and many places are proving, we can do better than capitalism. We MUST do better than capitalism, or else it's only ever downwards for the western majority from here on out. We need to move far quicker than we are at reclaiming our economies for the many not the few. We are out of time…
Ecology collapse via rapid climate change
The Crisis driven by Capitalism.
Some simple immutable scientific facts:
The global Capitalist economy doubles in size over the course of 30yrs @ avg norm of 3% growth a year. With each doubling comes a doubling of energy and resources required*Source Post Carbon institute. IEA. Man-made Co2 emissions take roughly 37yrs from emission to become fully active participants in climate warming. Co2 is cumulative and persistent over millennia. Meaning every gram we have emitted as a species over the last millenia is having an effect on us today, when this was small scale and the population low it was inconsequentioal, today Co2 production is a global industry and it will not naturally resolve itself within acceptable human time frames if we dont take massive immediate measures. Above 2.3oC of warming = runaway warming. All life on earth will be in terminal decline by 2100. The system will not save us. Paris climate deal in 2015 promised not to break 1.5 oC of warming, but constant rises in temperature may now be inevitable due to the lag to effect. Consequently any measures we put in place to reduce carbon today, will not be felt for decades. We have no time left for discussion yet we are locked into an economic system that demands it survive at the cost of this world. Transportation accounts for 20.7% of global emissions*2013. Nothing can replace the 1.2billion fossil fuelled vehicles we have today, we do not have the electrical generating capacity nor the available space in emissions before 1.5oC to produce a billion electric cars and infrastructure globally, and charge a third of that number in electric vehicles. Their limited range impairs their usefulness to a global economy with supply chains that cross continents. There will be near 2 billion fossil fuel vehicles in use by 2050. 150 to 250 million electric vehicles. Yes it is progress but it will be too slow to be of use. If we stopped all man made production of Co2 RIGHT NOW. Temperatures would still rise for near four decades due to the lag to effect of man-made Co2, meaning it may already be too late to avoid 2.3oC never mind 1.5oC as set out by Paris climate talks.
It is my belief that I have spotted something that our climate models missed and our world leaders either do not know about, or they do not want you to know the following. We only discovered the 37yr lag to effect in 2012. This means all warming experienced so far is prior to 1980, i.e. prior to globalization's accent. Post 1980 we massively increased our rate of Co2 emissions year on year, in effect, we turned the gas up on the stove, and only now, 2015> do I believe we will see the full effects of this. If I am right, changes will happen far quicker than models previously suggested which in turn may lead to all life on earth being in terminal decline by 2100 as crops fail and resource wars rage.
As you will see from this image, the rate of warming has increased dramatically over the past few months. for now we are blaming el nino. I am not so sure. Time will tell…
Congratulations You now know everything you need to know about how capitalism is failing the majority and one way to try to change it via democracy at work which is more than most politicians and economists will ever offer you. Power never conceded a damned thing without demand. You may also have trouble sleeping at night if you've understood it all and realise the implication of continuing as we are.
Originally written 05/2015. published here 10/12/2016
Advertisements
Renegade Kid was founded back in 2007 and has had some successful titles since, mostly on the Nintendo DS and Nintendo 3DS. One of the co-founders, Jools Watsham, took to Twitter earlier this morning to tease an upcoming announcement from Renegade Kid.
We have a pretty big announcement coming up later this month. Something FPS lovers and 3DS owners might be happy about. :)
The question is whether or not this is involving the already announced Cult County or not. Someone on Twitter asked Watsham “This is separate from Cult County, correct?” Watsham responded by saying “If I told you that, it could spoil the announcement. :)”
You would possibly think that this is a sign of something, but he also gave very cryptic responses to tweets about Moon and the Dementium games. At this point, we will just have to wait and see.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel welcomed the Justice Department's investigation into the Chicago Police Department and appointed Sharon Fairley as the new head of the Independent Police Review Authority. (Reuters)
Two weeks after a video was released of a Chicago policeman shooting a black teenager 16 times, the mayor of Chicago on Wednesday apologized for it and took some measure of responsibility.
"I'm sorry" for the shooting of Laquan McDonald, which "happened on my watch," Mayor Rahm Emanuel (D) told the full Chicago City Council in a rare speech.
For the next 40 minutes, Emanuel delivered a "genuine" and "heartfelt" speech about police brutality and city violence that seemed "real," said critics and supporters alike who heard it, according to the Chicago Tribune.
Protests continued on Dec. 9 in Chicago, as people took to the streets to protest the death of Laquan McDonald, a 17-year-old black teenager. McDonald was shot and killed in 2014 by a white police officer, and protestors are calling for Mayor Rahm Emanuel and state's attorney Anita Alvarez to resign. (Victoria M. Walker/The Washington Post)
But the reaction on the street was a very different story. Emanuel cried "crocodile tears," one protester said. The only people who believe it will be his "lap-dog city council," another said, according to the Tribune. They carried signs calling on Emanuel and his leadership team to resign.
Passing the Water Tower pic.twitter.com/Q1YL8sR8FO — Tony Briscoe (@_TonyBriscoe) December 9, 2015
And more and more — despite his speech Wednesday— it appears resigning could indeed be what Emanuel will be forced to do in order to restore Chicagoans' faith in their government. (Already, an Illinois state lawmaker is starting the process to recall him.)
Thanks in part to a series of missteps by the mayor after the shooting, exacerbated by a longer-term failure to address more systemic problems with Chicago's police department, Emanuel appears to have lost much of the city's trust. His approval rating has hit a record low of 18 percent, and 51 percent of residents think he should resign, according to a new poll from the Illinois Observer.
For Emanuel, trust is the most critical element right now for him to take any meaningful action to help a wounded Chicago. And it's increasingly difficult to envision a scenario in which whatever Emanuel does isn't viewed as a political Hail Mary to save his career by understandably frustrated and suspicious Chicago residents.
President Obama's former chief of staff has a reputation for being a savvy political operator — a real tough guy who plays politics like chess. But in every new twist and turn of the McDonald shooting, Emanuel has appeared to act only after he was backed into a corner by political pressure.
"I think the problem is that a lot of what's happening now seems reactive," said Vanessa Williamson, a fellow at the Brookings Institution.
Consider the timeline of how we got to this point of Emanuel apologizing:
The police department fought for months to keep the video from being released until a judge finally decided it should be. On the same day the grisly video was released, the county prosecutor charged the officer in question, Jason Van Dyke, who is white, with the murder of McDonald.
The charges came 13 months after the shooting. Critics cried foul, alleging that the city and police had tried to cover it up. Emanuel was forced to write an op-ed in the Chicago Tribune denying accusations he ordered the video held from public view until after he won a tough reelection race in April.
"I own the problem of police brutality, and I'll fix it," he promised.
But around the same time, Emanuel called a Justice Department investigation of the Chicago Police Department "misguided," even though Illinois' state attorney, one of its U.S. senators and its governor — as well as Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton— all said it was merited.
The next day Emanuel clarified his comments about the investigation: "We have a long road ahead of us as a city, and I welcome people from many views to help us do exactly what we need to do."
Making matters worse was the fact that, at the beginning of all this, Emanuel suggested the shooting was the act of a single bad apple — not, as The Washington Post editorial board noted, the act of a police department that fatally shoots more people than any other in the nation.(An update: In The Washington Post database of fatal police shootings, Chicago has 6 fatalities this year, behind Los Angeles (16), the Los Angeles sheriff (12), Miami, San Diego, New York, Las Vegas (each with 8), Oklahoma City (7) and the Riverside County sheriff (7).)
Undermining his argument even further were accusations that the police allegedly destroyed evidence by trying to delete footage of the shooting from security cameras at a nearby Burger King.
In a sense, the whole world seemed to know what Emanuel didn't seem to want to admit up front: The Chicago Police Department has a problem.
He has, however late, since come to say just that. He fired the city's police chief, set up a task force that promises to be independent, and on Wednesday gave that heartfelt speech.
But those actions don't change the fact that Emanuel appeared defensive at nearly every turn to get there. However sincere he might be when it comes to fixing the city's problems, Chicagoans can understandably now view his next steps through a lens of political opportunism rather than thoughtful leadership.
As such, a quick fix for Emanuel to help improve relations with his city — fire more people, give more speeches, hosts roundtables, invite even more federal investigations — is increasingly difficult to conjure.
"There may be some brilliant political play here," Williamson said, "but I think the time of political plays has passed."
The natural thing to do would be to spend time in Chicago's community rebuilding trust — listening to people instead of talking to them, Williamson calls it, stressing that Emanuel's first priority should be how to keep Chicago governable rather than how to keep his job.
But mending relationships takes time, and as the protests on the streets of Emanuel's beloved city make clear, the time for sincere action from Chicago's mayor might have already passed in the eyes of those who matter.
(1) The Arrivals
Originally, more than 35,000 Chinese immigrated to America to work in California during the Gold Rush of the 1840s. But many also found work building the railroad leading the community to grow throughout the West. Conflicts developed in the 1870s and 1880s when White workers saw the Chinese migrants as a threat, according to the New York Historical Society. According to its website: “Anti-Chinese activists branded Chinese as racially inferior and unfit to be part of American society. Chinese and others who supported their presence fought back against such perceptions. However, fear and envy of the Chinese grew to become a national issue—the 'Chinese Question.'"
(2) The Exclusion Act
In 1882, Congress passed the Chinese Exclusion Act that prevented any new Chinese immigration. Exemptions were made for merchants, students, teachers, and diplomats in order to permit trade. Limits were also placed on existing Chinese immigrants who weren't allowed to naturalize as Americans.
(3) Life Under the Exclusion Law
The implementation of the law made tracking Chinese immigrants difficult. Identity cards were distributed. Those who traveled from the U.S. to China and back were often subjected to detention and extensive interviews upon their return at San Francisco's Angel Island. The law also posed problems for legal immigrants before the exclusion who had Chinese American babies in the U.S. Their birth right to U.S. citizenship was upheld by the Supreme Court in the Wong Kim Ark case, which is still the legal standard today.
The 24 year-old this summer completed an £11 million move from Lille, where he had helped fire the French side to a domestic double with 18 goals.
The Ivory Coast forward made an instant impact on his friendly debut for Arsenal, scoring twice inside the opening 15 minutes against Cologne.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger believes Gervinho's movement and link-up play will add another dimension to an already formidable front line.
Gervinho intends to do all he can to hit the ground running in time for when the new Premier League season kicks off at Newcastle on Aug 13.
"I want to use my time here at Arsenal to develop my strengths," he said.
"I know English football is harder and I might need a bit of time at the start, but ultimately it is down to me to raise my game and adapt.
"With the help of the team, I hope I can do that quickly. I will prepare well to be ready by the start.
"Regarding my position, I feel really comfortable in any position up front.
"The most important thing is that I bring a lot to the team wherever I am playing. My idol has always been Thierry Henry."
Gervinho's performances last season attracted attention from several English clubs, including both Liverpool and Tottenham.
The forward, though, maintains once Arsenal's interest was confirmed, it was an easy decision to make.
"When you are young, you always want to improve, to work with great managers - and Arsene Wenger is one of the best in the world," Gervinho said.
"I think that with him, I will become a much better player, and he was very important in my choice to sign here.
"I came here because I believe that he can improve my game and help me reach another level, but the most important thing for me is that I bring a lot to the team for whom I am playing."
Wenger is in no doubt the Ivory Coast forward can do just that.
"He has shown his qualities. He has quick movement behind [the defence], the timing of his movement is great and he is easy to find," said the Arsenal manager after Gervinho's quickfire double in Cologne.
"We have seen what he can bring to the team and he contributes to the high pace we have in the team."
The capture of Gervinho was the first major addition by Wenger as he looks to arrest a six-season trophy drought and put together a squad capable of lasting the distance.
Gervinho is in no doubt he has joined a club going places in 2011-12 and beyond.
"I have always followed Arsenal in the Premier League. At some points they were really good, but also had some difficulties like a lot of big clubs do," he said.
"They did not finish in the position they wanted, and sometimes seasons like that happen - but we all know the potential of this team and hopefully we will do better next season.
"I can expect a great season from Arsenal, with a lot of success and a lot of emotion at the end.
"I expect us to achieve our goals, and also in the seasons beyond.
"I hope the fans will enjoy watching me play and that at the end of the season we will have the opportunity to celebrate something great together."
Pointyleaf wrote:
Here's how I see Ansom:
He follows his beliefs wholeheartedly. He holds nothing back. He is entirely devoted.
But.. he also follows them like a fad. He picks up and follows his passions and beliefs without understanding why, like an adolescent child going through phases of first being gothy and then country and then jock.
And now, for the first time, he sees that he used to love something passionately (the idea of "royalty") which he no longer does. And he thinks that this past him was his "real" self, and he wonders what that means. Is he no longer really himself?
Or.. was that past-him really him? Maybe he just was devoted to the idea of Royalty because that was the beliefs that his family had raised him with, and he deeply loved his family.
That's where he should go with it, at least. He needs to understand why he follows his beliefs, and why he should, rather than just picking them up and following them blindly. Until then, he's going to keep drifting.
He never had a firm basis or foundation for why he followed his beliefs. He needs to find one.
I think it's more that until recently Duty was, for Ansom at least, a sufficient reason for Living and fulfilling the Titanic Mandate: Serve your Side faithfully until you croak, Bam, City of Heroes, here you come. Now he is starting to question that. The fact that Ossomer turned back to Jetstone when Ansom has had no such compulsion rise within himself, either for Jetstone OR Faq is what troubles him deeply. Ansom doesn't wonder whether his past self was him or not - he wonders if he has ever been truly alive, even before Decryption. And if Duty is not in and of itself sufficient for Living, what then of the Titanic Mandate? What do the Titans want Ansom to do with this second chance at Life that goes above and beyond doing his Duty to his Side??
1. “Degas: Russian Dancers and the Art of Pastel” at the J. Paul Getty Museum, Getty Center, Los Angeles
The Getty has based this exhibition of late 19th-century pastels on a temporary loan of Russian Dancers, a spirited 1899 work by Edgar Degas. The women, engaged in a traditional Ukrainian folk dance, make for a fascinating departure from the more demure ballerinas for which the artist is traditionally known.
May 3–October 23, 2016
2. “Joel Shapiro” at the Nasher Sculpture Center, Dallas
Brightly-colored geometric forms are magically suspended from the ceiling in Joel Shapiro‘s show at the Nasher, challenging viewer's notions about balance and weight. The site-specific installation was created specially for the museum's Renzo Piano-designed galleries.
May 7–August 21, 2016
3. “James Rosenquist” at the Judd Foundation, New York
Since transforming Donald Judd‘s Soho home and studio into a museum in 2013, the Judd Foundation has quietly begun an exhibition series exploring influences on the artist's practice. The latest show features five works by James Rosenquist, including the 35-foot-long billboard Time Dust – Black Hole, paired with Judd's writings about his contemporary.
May 13–August 6, 2016
4. “Moholy-Nagy: Future Present” at the Guggenheim, New York
Artist László Moholy-Nagy, who taught at Germany's famous Bauhaus school in Weimar and at its Chicago outpost, has always been a major part of the Guggenheim's collection. Here, the museum presents a chronological look at the artist's work in kinetic sculpture, abstract painting, and experimental photography. (artnet News's Ben Davis was disappointed by the curation, but remains a champion of the artist's intentions.)
May 27–September 7, 2016
5. “Burk Uzzle: Southern Landscapes” at the Nasher Museum of Art at Duke University, Chapel Hill, North Carolina
North Carolina-based photographer Burk Uzzle, a former president of Magnum Photos who shot for LIFE magazine, has spent the last five decades capturing views of the American South. The Nasher has teamed up with the Ackland Art Museum at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and the North Carolina Museum of Art to showcase Uzzle's work in a trio of exhibitions highlighting different aspects of his career.
May 28–September 18, 2016
6. “Bettina Pousttchi: World Time Clock” at the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden, Washington, DC
Over the course of the last seven years, German-Iranian artist Bettina Pousttchi has traveled around the world, photographing clocks in public places around Mexico City, Bangkok, Auckland, New Zealand, and Tashkent, Uzbekistan. Installed here for the first time as a complete set, in a circular gallery that recalls the shape of a clock, each of the 24 photos freezes the hands at exactly 1:55.
June 9–October 2, 2016
7. “Picasso: The Great War, Experimentation and Change” at the Columbus Museum of Art
If you missed this one at the Barnes Foundation in Philadelphia, you have a second chance to dive into Pablo Picasso‘s World War I-era work in Ohio. Curated by Simonetta Fraquelli, the exhibition spans 1912 to 1924, beginning with some of the artist's first Cubist works. Some 50 pieces, including oil paintings, watercolors, drawings, and a quartet of 1917 ballet costumes, have been brought together from private collections and museums across the US and Europe.
June 10–September 11, 2016
8. “Stuart Davis: In Full Swing” at the Whitney Museum of American Art
Catch the pop-infused painting of Stuart Davis, which offer a more easily-digestible take on abstract art, at the Whitney Museum this summer. It's a rare chance to experience the whole breadth of his career, including Davis's more mature works.
June 10–September 25, 2016
9. “Splendor, Myth and Vision: Nudes From the Prado” at the Clark Art Institute, Williamstown, Massachusetts
Canvases by Titian, Peter Paul Rubens, Jan Brueghel the Elder, and Diego Velázquez are among the 28 Old Master works included in this exhibition. The works are on loan from the collection of the Museo Nacional del Prado in Madrid, which was amassed by the Spanish royal family the late 16th to early 19th centuries; most have never been shown in the US before.
June 11–October 10, 2016.
10. “Cindy Sherman: Imitation of Life” at the Broad, Los Angeles
The first temporary exhibition at Eli and Edythe Broad's new museum is a comprehensive survey of the work of photographer Cindy Sherman, who hasn't had a major museum show in LA in 20 years. Among the artist's first collectors, the Broads have paired key loans from other institutions with selections from their own holdings to fully explore Sherman's thought-provoking work and its questions about identity, gender, and the role of images in contemporary society.
June 11–October 2, 2016
11. “Walker Evans: Depth of Field” at the High Museum of Art, Atlanta
The High Museum is the only US venue for this comprehensive retrospective of the career of photographer Walker Evans, which previously appeared at the Josef Albers Museum Quadrat in Bottrop, Germany, and will travel this fall to the Vancouver Art Gallery. The show features 120 black-and-white and color prints taken between the 1920s and the 1970s, including Evans's iconic Depression-era photos of the American South, taken for the Farm Security Administration in the 1930s.
June 11–September 11, 2016
12. “Women of Abstract Expressionism” at the Denver Art Museum
You probably know the work of Jay DeFeo and Elaine de Kooning, but for the first survey of woman Abstract Expressionists painters, curator Gwen Chanzit has also tapped a number of other formidable artists. More than 50 major paintings are included in the first-of-its-kind exhibition, which brings long-overdue recognition to Sonia Gechtoff, Judith Godwin, Ethel Schwabacher, and other overlooked female Ab Ex greats.
June 12–September 25, 2016
13. “Double Take: Daguerreian Portrait Pairs” at the Smithsonian National Portrait Gallery, Washington, DC
The National Portrait Gallery shows off the versatility of photography through this selection of daguerreotypes from its collection. Pairing different photographers' portraits of 19th-century notables such as Frederick Douglass, Jefferson Davis, Daniel Webster, and John Quincy Adams, the exhibition showcases the widely different results photographers can achieve even when working with the same subject.
June 17, 2016–June 4, 2017
14. “Goya: Mad Reason” at the Blanton Museum of Art at the University of Texas at Austin
Thanks in large part to a loan from the Yale University Art Gallery‘s Arthur Ross Collection, the Blanton presents nearly 150 paintings and prints by Spanish Old Master Francisco de Goya. Greatly influenced by the tumultuous time period in which the artist lived (1746–1828), Goya's work explores the instability of reason, with works depicting war, bullfighting, and the allure of power.
June 19–September 25, 2016
15. “O'Keeffe, Stettheimer, Torr, Zorach: Women Modernists in New York” at the Portland Museum of Art, Maine
This exhibition from the Portland Museum of Art identifies parallels in the careers of pioneering American modernists Georgia O'Keeffe, Marguerite Thompson Zorach, Florine Stettheimer, and Helen Torr. The show aims to present, as the press release states, “valuable perspectives on the meaning of modernism, the life of a working artist in New York in the early 20th century, and the shared and differing experiences of being women at a crucial moment in first-wave feminism.”
June 24–September 18, 2016
16. “Nalini Malani: In Search of Vanished Blood.” at Institute of Contemporary Art Boston
Woman's rights activist Nalini Malani, perhaps India's most famous video and installation artist, brings work on paper and her multimedia installation In Search of Vanished Blood to the ICA. Named after a poem by renowned revolutionary poet Faiz Ahmed Faiz, the piece projects six 11-minute videos through clear Mylar cylinders hand-painted by the artist.
July 1–October 16, 2016.
17. “Art AIDS America” at the Bronx Museum of the Arts
Billing itself as “the first exhibition to examine the deep and ongoing influence of the AIDS crisis on American art and culture,” the Bronx Museum brings together more than 125 works made in response to the epidemic between 1981 and the present day. Featured artists include Félix González-Torres, Annie Leibovitz, Robert Mapplethorpe, and Martin Wong.
July 13–September 25, 2016
Follow artnet News on Facebook:
An Ohio University student says she was raped, and the alleged assault was photographed and shared on social media.
Investigators say they have spoken to both the man and woman in the photo, and they are trying to determine exactly what happened.
They say one thing is clear: there were witnesses, and investigators want to speak with them.
The 20-year-old woman contacted Athens Police Sunday night and said she had been raped.
She said the assault happened on Saturday morning sometime between 1 and 6 a.m.
Within hours, photos and video of the incident were online and sparking outrage.
It is the photo that started a firestorm.
It shows a young woman against the window of a bank.
A man kneels in front of her, his hand on or near her genitals.
Along with the person taking the photo, there is at least one other bystander visible.
"You could view that picture and certainly suggest that a sexual assault took place,” said Athens Police Chief Tom Pyle. “You could also suggest other things."
Pyle is trying to determine exactly what happened Saturday morning at the corner of Court and Washington streets.
He says the photos and a video that were posted on social media are equal parts offensive and essential.
"While it certainly to the lay person would appear to be despicable that they're posting this information, it also assisted us in our investigation. So a real double-edged sword."
But OU Senior Allie Erwin sees no gray area here.
"Our first instinct as a community was not to intervene and help this woman, but to post it on social media, and make a mockery of probably the most traumatic experience of her life,” said Erwin.
She is not alone.
Social media erupted with commentary on the posts.
But investigators are urging the public not to rush to judgment.
They have not yet located those who witnessed and posted about the incident, and fear the public backlash may keep them from coming forward.
"The community at large views this as they watched and witnessed a sexual assault occurring, and did nothing but watch,” said Pyle. “But the flipside of that is that they may not have realized what they were witnessing."
Erwin is dubious.
"All that needed to happen was to say, ‘Hey are you alright? Is this what you want to be happening?'” she said. “She obviously wasn't OK with what happened. It was rape. She reported it to the police as rape."
As of Tuesday night, the male suspect remained free and uncharged.
Athens Police urge anyone who witnessed what happened to come forward to help them determine the facts behind the photos.
Watch 10TV News and refresh 10TV.com for more.
Playable minigames will be able to return to loading screens soon, thanks to today's expiry of the patent governing them.
Bandai Namco (pre-merger, just Namco) has held the patent since November 27th, 1995, and its twenty years are up.
The patent refers to "auxiliary game program code," which is smaller than the main game, "such that the auxiliary game program code is loaded first, before the main game program code."
Various games from Bandai Namco have featured loading-screen games, including Dragon Ball Z: Budokai, Tekken 5, and Ridge Racer.
But thanks to the patent, other companies have only been able to put relatively static graphics or text on their loading screens, or use game environments to hide the loading process (as with Mass Effect's elevators).
Meanwhile, EA's FIFA games have circumvented the patent by loading a subset of the main game's code (like a goal-kicking minigame) as opposed to an entirely "auxiliary" game.
In celebration of the patent's expiry, a game jam is underway, with entries closing December 4th.
MADISON, Wisconsin (Reuters) – Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker issued layoff warning notices on Friday to unions representing state workers as a battle intensified between Republican and Democratic lawmakers over union bargaining rights that has sparked protests and a national debate.
“If the Senate Democrats come back to Wisconsin, these notices may be able to be rescinded and layoffs avoided,” Walker said in a statement. “This action is necessary due to the delay in passage of the budget repair bill.”
The warning notices were sent to at least 13 unions including AFSCME, Association of State Prosecutors and Wisconsin Education Association Council. The notes do not represent actual layoffs, but took the war of words between the newly elected governor and state Democrats to a new level.
The number of potential layoffs was not specified, but Walker said this week about 1,500 workers would be affected.
Walker, a Republican who this week projected a budget deficit for Wisconsin of $3.6 billion for the coming two years, has proposed a budget “fix” for the current year ending in June that would eliminate most of the collective bargaining rights for most of the state's 300,000 public employees.
That measure drew more than 70,000 protesters to the capital a week ago the biggest local march since the Vietnam War. It has also become the epicenter of a national debate on union rights.
Walker's bill remains stalled in the Wisconsin Senate where all 14 Democrats fled to neighboring Illinois two weeks ago to deny the measure the quorum it needs to pass in the chamber.
Dave Hansen, one of the 14, issued a statement on Friday saying that while he had believed the two sides were making progress earlier in the week, “it has become increasingly apparent that Governor Walker is not interested in compromise, but instead appears intent on prolonging the impasse.”
Behind-the-scenes negotiations have failed to produce a compromise. Just one Democrat is needed for a quorum.
Walker told reporters late on Thursday that “extremist elements” among 14 absent Democrats had blocked progress.
“Just when we think the process is moving forward, we see no action,” Walker said. “We're frustrated.”
Walker said some of the absent Democrats, who have been threatened with $100-a-day fines and the prospect of being arrested and taken to the Senate if they return to Wisconsin, appear willing to stay away “not only for several more months, but potentially the next two years.”
With no action expected on the bill, Walker said he will be forced to send out layoff notices to 1,500 state employees, saving some $30 million.
“The reality is, we shouldn't have to be going down the path of preparing for layoffs.” Walker said.
POTENTIAL BACKLASH?
In the Midwest, the traditional “Rust Belt” heartland of the country and home to big unionized manufacturers like the auto and steel industries, there were signs that some Republican budget “hawks” were taking caution from Wisconsin.
A poll by Rasmussen Reports of 800 Wisconsin voters on March 2 found 34 percent strongly approved of Walker's performance as governor, while 48 percent strongly disapproved. Walker was elected with a 52 percent majority last November.
In Ohio, where legislators are considering even more stringent curbs on unions, the Republican leader of the state's House of Representatives decided on Friday to hold at least three weeks of debate on a bill — a setback for its backers.
Republican Gov. John Kasich had hoped to enact Senate Bill 5 by March 15 when he is scheduled to unveil his two-year budget proposal for fiscal 2012-2013.
The vote in the Ohio Senate on Wednesday was 17 to 16 with six Republicans joining Democrats in voting against.
In Indiana, where 38 Democrats have also fled the state to delay a vote on bills they say would harm workers' rights, Republicans on Friday voted to impose a $250-a-day fine starting on Monday for members who aren't on the House floor.
Protests against the Wisconsin bill included a two-week-long occupation of the state Capitol building.
Walker's budget repair bill increases worker contributions to their pensions and health care and Walker said it provides tools for local governments to cut expenses, reducing the need for layoffs in the current fiscal year.
The group Americans for Prosperity said on Friday they will do a “Stand Against Spending, Stand With Walker” bus tour around Wisconsin on Saturday in support Walker's plan, with a rally planned for Sunday in Madison but not at the Capitol.
Opponents including the AFL-CIO and other unions said they will continue to organize protests at the Capitol on Saturday and Sunday along with smaller events throughout the state.
(Additional reporting by Susan Guyett in Indianapolis and Jim Lekrone in Columbus. Editing by Andrew Stern and Peter Bohan)
Schizophrenia is a severe psychiatric disorder characterized by three symptom domains, positive (hallucinations, obsession), negative (social withdrawal, apathy, self-neglect) and cognitive (impairment in attention, memory and executive function). Whereas current medication ameliorates positive symptomatology, negative symptoms as well as cognitive dysfunctions remain untreated. The development of improved therapies for negative symptoms has proven particularly difficult, in part due to the inability of mimicking these in rodents. Here, we address the predictive validity of combining an ethologically well preserved behavior in rodents, namely nest building activity, with an established animal model of schizophrenia, the sub-chronic PCP model, for negative symptoms. Decline in rodent nesting activity has been suggested to mirror domains of negative symptoms of schizophrenia, including social withdrawal, anhedonia and self-neglect, whereas repeated treatment with the NMDAR antagonist PCP induces and exacerbates schizophrenia-like symptoms in rodents and human subjects. Using a back-translational approach of pharmacological validation, we tested the effects of two agents targeting the nicotinic α7 receptor (EVP-6124 and TC-5619) that were reported to exert some beneficial effect on negative symptoms in schizophrenic patients. Sub-chronic PCP treatment resulted in a significant nest building deficit in mice and treatment with EVP-6124 and TC-5619 reversed this PCP-induced deficit. In contrast, the atypical antipsychotic drug risperidone remained ineffective in this assay. In addition, EVP-6124, TC-5619 and risperidone were tested in the Social Interaction Test (SIT), an assay suggested to address negative-like symptoms. Results obtained in SIT were comparable to results in the nest building test (NEST). Based on these findings, we propose nest building in combination with the sub-chronic PCP model as a novel approach to assess negative-like symptoms of schizophrenia in rodents.
Copyright © 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
West Ham fans finally got a look inside their brand-new stadium on Thursday but not all of them were pleased with what they found.
The Premier League club were playing at the Olympic Stadium for the first time since they were controversially awarded rights to take up residence at the venue built for the 2012 Olympics.
They were involved in a Europa League qualifier against NZ Domzale. However it seems that from some seats no one would have had a clue who the Hammers were playing.
Some fans were left in shock…
Sent this pic from a pal. Surely West Ham can't be serious with some of them seats! pic.twitter.com/icu0z08wjE — Tom Fleming (@trenchfoottom) August 4, 2016
Hoping to avoid Twitter whilst away on holiday but, seriously, the state of this. #FOYI pic.twitter.com/2QtvEWt7t5 — Matt.Spurs (@MattISpurs) August 4, 2016
Them restricted view seats at West Ham really take the piss! 👀😰🙈 pic.twitter.com/AQwTR5XzLj — Wroey (@mswro2012) August 4, 2016
Rival fans though thought it was all very funny…
West Ham have set themselves up to attract the floating tourist coin with that horrendous athletics stadium. They are dead now. — Michael Martin (@tfeditor1892) August 4, 2016
The atmosphere at West Ham is going to be worse than the Emirates… Jheez that stadium is horrid! — Josh Fitter (@JoshFitter95) August 4, 2016
The retractable seating is basically a very expensive version of the away end at Gillingham… pic.twitter.com/d8etGIIwoI — Matt Van-Der-Vord (@MatthewV_ENG) August 4, 2016
It's not believed the seats were in use for the match on Thursday.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Co-owner David Gold has meanwhile been insisting everything will be alright.
‘Everybody keeps talking about the atmosphere, but we know and are convinced that 54,000 West Ham fans will bring in that atmosphere to the London Stadium.
‘I've been there on a number of occasions when they're nobody there, it's completely empty, yet even so when you walk into the stadium you just get this feeling that once the fans are in there the atmosphere will follow.'
To be fair the atmosphere sounded pretty good just before kick-off…
West Ham inviger nya arenan.pic.twitter.com/pMUjxj9aoA — sebastianlaneby (@sebastianlaneby) August 4, 2016
MORE: West Ham try to give fans directions to their new stadium, it backfires completely
MORE: West Ham players' entrance slogan looks copied from Arsenal
BART has a plan to double the rate at which riders access the system by bicycle and now, five years into the 10-year plan, there are some exciting improvements underway to make parking your bike at BART stations more secure and convenient than ever before.
These projects include testing new, more secure types of bike racks, the expansion of bicycle parking at nine stations and stairway channels to help riders transport their bike up and down BART staircases.
MORE SECURE BIKE RACKS
An example of the bike racks used in a pilot project at 16th/Mission and Pleasant Hill.
A new generation of technology-rich bicycle racks is just coming to market. These racks lock the frame and one wheel with a mechanism that is significantly stronger than the traditional bike rack and U lock combination. They also feature an alarm that sounds if someone tampers with the bike. Users access the racks with a Clipper card, but solely for the purposes of locking/unlocking the racks -- the racks will have no access to the financial or any other data from your Clipper account.
"We're using the Clipper card here solely as a convenient identification mechanism," said Steve Beroldo, BART's manager of access programs, who notes that most BART riders already have a Clipper so it is handy without requiring another card. "The racks just read the unique Clipper number and use it as one's personal key to lock/unlock the racks," he said.
The registration process should take less than 30 seconds, which is important with a pilot project, Beroldo said, so that BART can receive feedback from those using the racks. All that is asked for on registering is your name, Clipper card number and email address.
Ten of these units each have been installed at 16th Street/Mission and Pleasant Hill stations. If the pilot is successful, BART may install more of these racks at 24th Street/Mission and other stations.
BIKE STATIONS
BART is also making a number of improvements to its bike stations. The self-serve bike station at Embarcadero Station, for example, is not getting as much use as expected, so we're making changes to increase the bike station's visibility and transparency. We'll be replacing the dense perforated metal entryway with glass, similar to the Civic Center station's bike station entrance. We'll install wayfinding signs to the bike station, a bicycle channel on a nearby stairway and new LED lighting to brighten the interior.
There's a flurry of bike station activity at East Bay BART Stations. BART and the City of Berkeley are building a new space to house the bike station at Downtown Berkeley BART. It's part of the Center Street Parking Garage replacement project. The garage is located on Center Street between Milvia Street and Shattuck Avenue, about a block from the BART entrance on Shattuck Avenue. When this project is completed in early 2018, the bike station will move to the new space, which will hold 272 bikes in the valet area and 56 bikes in the 24/7 self-park area.
At Oakland's MacArthur Station, transit-oriented development under construction will modernize the station plaza, including reconfiguring the existing bike lockers and racks and construction of a new 174-bike self-park bike station
In Concord, BART is working to design a customized, modular structure to be used for BART bike stations. The first installation will be in a currently landscaped area at the Concord BART station, just steps south of the fare gates. This self-serve facility will require a key card to enter and will be able to house approximately 100 bikes. It will provide full shelter from the elements, security cameras and a self-serve bike maintenance station – all accessible 24/7.
Elsewhere in the East Bay, riders at Lafayette Station can look forward to a new 60-to-90-bike self-park bike station at the base of the stairways, adjacent to the existing bike lockers and racks. And at Pleasant Hill a combination self-park/self-lock bike station and retail/maintenance facility is under construction. It will be the first wholly self-park facility to provide retail and maintenance services, including a controlled access 230-bike self-park area and an adjacent bike retail/maintenance shop staffed each morning.
At Walnut Creek earlier this year, BART refurbished and expanded a space just south of the fare gates for 96 electronic lockers and 64 bike rack spaces. The project includes an expanded plaza area, new lighting, landscaping and pigeon control.
eLOCKERS ONLINE
BART and partner agencies currently own and operate almost 1,500 BikeLink eLockers at 37 stations. Right now, each pair of locker doors has a standalone controller/card reader, which cannot be monitored or updated remotely. BART is proposing to electronically link all of these eLocker controllers online.
This would allow bicyclists to rent them using a Clipper, credit or debit card instead of exclusively using the BikeLink card that's now required. It would also give bicyclists the ability to check eLocker availability online.
The BikeLink eLockers are very popular with users; however, they are too big to fit inside some of BART's stations.
STAIR CHANNELS
Although BART encourages passengers with bicycles to park them rather than bringing them aboard trains, we understand not everyone has that option.
For those who need or want their bicycle on both ends of their trip, BART is installing stair channels, mini-ramps beneath the handrail to allow passengers to roll their bicycles as they walk up or down staircases. Some stairways at the 16th Street/Mission, Downtown Berkeley, Lafayette and Warm Springs stations have been retrofitted or constructed with stair channels of various designs; there are plans to roll out an improved design and expand this program to other stations throughout the BART system.
To learn more about what's planned for bikes on BART, download and read the BART Bicycle Capital Plan.
Word by Word: The Journey Up Fate Mountain
Hi everyone, Ryan here. Sorry I haven't blogged in a while, but I've been busy running the localization ofFate/EXTELLA, among a few other projects.
Of all the localization projects I've been a part of, going all the way back to Suikoden V, I can safely say thatFate/EXTELLA has been both the most challenging and the most rewarding.
The Fate series, mainly written by Japanese author Kinoko Nasu, has always been known for its distinctive literary style. Its volumes of dialogue and description are flush with poetic turns of phrase, references to world history/mythology/fiction, and, after over a decade's worth of material, callbacks to the series' own well-established lore. Extella, despite being an action game, boasts enough text to fill a good-sized RPG, all in that same distinctive style. Looking at those huge, oblique script files for the first time felt like looking up a sheer, looming cliff face, with just a rope and pickaxe in hand.
As we started climbing that cliff, we encountered lines that made the whole office scratch their heads. One of Tamamo's lines, for example, has her say (with the context of having just been lightly wounded), “この程度の痛み、馬耳東風に糠に釘、焼け石に念仏ですよーだ。” — which literally translates to, “For this level of pain, it's quite useless to turn a deaf ear and I'll just pray to Buddha on a hot stone.” Several native Japanese speakers came together to ponder that one, eventually puzzling out that the line was a deliberately mangled mishmash of three different Japanese idioms, all referring to doing something foolish and futile. In our rough draft of the English script, bits and pieces of which appeared in the E3 demo, we edited this line to, “Is that the best you can do? You haven't got a prayer!” That conveyed the same message, and included some of the same imagery, but departed from the style of the original line. To get the same point across without losing that style, we eventually came up with, “You might as well try to push a boulder through the eye of a needle, uphill both ways!” Similar lines appear throughout the script, including entire dialogue trees revolving around Japanese puns. In each case, we've done our best to convey the intended meaning while staying as closely as possible to the original line's tone and tempo — while alsomaking each line sound “in character.”
We've said it before, but one of the most important aspects of any good localization is, of course, preserving each character's “voice,” their own unique speaking style and personality. Ten different characters can express the same message ten different ways (or 108 different ways, if you're working on a Suikodengame), and ideally, a reader who knows the characters should be able to look at a particular line, without its name tag or character portrait alongside it, and be able to tell which character said it. Since part of Fate'scentral premise involves a variety of historical and mythical figures coming together to battle, each character comes from a very different time and place, with a different cultural background, outlook, and set of goals and desires. Nero, one of the main characters, tends to speak in regal proclamations, treating everything she says in public like a grand performance, while being only slightly less extravagant in private. Tamamo, a legendary fox spirit known for cozying up to powerful rulers in order to corrupt them, speaks in playful, whimsical tones, while also using somewhat elevated speech to reflect her high-class station. Altera, a self-described “killing machine,” speaks the way she fights — with clipped, precise efficiency — except in those rare moments when she opens up. Gawain speaks as befits a noble knight of chivalric romance, Iskandar (aka Alexander the Great) roars with laughter at the thought of a good fight, and Gilgamesh, arrogant to the core, never hides his contempt for the “mongrels” around him.
Keeping those characters' personalities front and center is especially critical when the characters are giving exposition, which — again, true to the series' roots — they often love to do in this game. The more elaborate the lore, and the more critical it is to the events of the story, the more time the characters have to spend explaining it, which can bring any story to a halt if it's not handled carefully. The key to presenting exposition successfully, and making the player care about it, is to convince the player that the characters care about it first and foremost. To that end, we did our best to illustrate the characters' emotional states, couching the exposition in conflict, excitement, passion, and humor (when warranted by the original script, of course) whenever possible.
It hasn't always been easy, and it's taken about ten months from start to finish, but seeing it all come together — that's been our reward. Little by little, we've seen our work integrate with the original game, joining with the music, Japanese voiceovers, camerawork, visual effects, and gameplay to help create a powerful gaming and storytelling experience. We're all proud and honored to have had the chance to contribute to a series as well loved and respected as Fate, and we hope we've done it justice in the eyes of the fans.
We also hope that all players, Fate fans and newcomers alike, enjoy the journey through the characters' struggles and adventures as much as we do.Fate/EXTELLA launches in North America for PS4 and PS Vita in January 17, 2017.
Story highlights Jill Filipovic: Kenya holding tense elections; Obama has weighed in to urge credible, peaceful polling. Trump has said nothing
She says this shows the difference between commanding, respected presidential authority, and the easily-dismissed petulance of the current leader
Jill Filipovic is a journalist based in New York and Nairobi, Kenya, and the author of the book "The H-Spot: The Feminist Pursuit of Happiness." Follow her on Twitter. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.
(CNN) A decade after vicious election-related violence in Kenya left more than 1,000 dead and the country in shock, Kenyans were voting Tuesday in a hotly contested presidential election. Trust -- in politicians, in the integrity of the political system -- remains low. Fear -- that the vote will be compromised, that unscrupulous leaders will inflame the public -- runs high.
Enter a true global leader: Barack Obama.
Jill Filipovic
Obama, whose father was from Kenya and who remains a beloved adoptive native son, spoke out about the elections, imploring leaders and law enforcement to behave responsibly.
"I urge all Kenyans to work for an election -- and aftermath -- that is peaceful and credible, reinforcing confidence in your new Constitution and the future of your country," he said in a statement. "Any disputes around the election should be resolved peacefully, through Kenya's institutions and the rule of law."
President Donald Trump has had nothing to say about the election. He's spent this week on vacation, tweeting about a senator who criticized him and complaining, yet again, about the "fake news" of every reputable news source in the country.
Read More
All of these programs are great news and an encouraging sign of the trajectory of the movement, but at this point they're much more likely to be big once-a-month events than daily, routine commutes. How are kids getting to school the other 95% of the time? Too often, the answer is still "cars and buses."
Given the number of students arriving at school in cars, there are clearly plenty of parents with time in the mornings, many of them probably stay-at-home moms or dads. They could be taking some extra time to lead biking and/or walking trains every morning, gathering students as they make their way to school with their own children, but they're not. With the full disclosure that I'm not a parent and can't pretend to know exactly what their concerns might be, I think much of it comes down to two related issues: potential parent leaders may not want to take responsibility for the safety of kids they don't know, and other parents may not be comfortable leaving their kids in the care of someone they don't know well, even for a 15-minute walk.
The problem here, if it is indeed a part of the problem, is ultimately a lack of community. Most people would never harm a child, but when people don't know the members of their community they can't always trust them by default. It may be that school districts or another credible institution can step in to bridge the gap and provide a framework for continued growth.
Schools, teachers, and administrators are extremely well-respected and trusted in America, and they could function as intermediaries in this impasse. (They could also lead these trips themselves, though they shouldn't be obligated or expected to do so.) They're in a position to lend credibility to potential parent leaders interested in running bike or walking trains on a regular basis, as well as to allay the concerns of hesitant parents. Bestowing credibility upon parent leaders could take the form of something simple and informal, like a brief interview or background check, or could be a more involved "licensing"-like process with classes and meetings with other parents and children. Though this might be a bit over-the-top in terms of burdening the parents interested in participating, I would argue that if it's what's necessary to get kids walking and biking to school every day, it's worth the trouble. As familiarity with the program and a proven track record of safety was established, the need for such formalized measures would be likely to fade.
There's also room for technology in solving this problem. Lenore Skenazy, interviewed last year by Salon, captured my thoughts pretty well:
So what's the antidote? Skenazy has thought about setting up a website, Find a Free-Range Friend, “like a dating site,” she says. “You put in your kid's age and ZIP Code so you can find another parent and say, ‘OK, you believe in it and I believe in it. Let's send them to the park together, or they can walk to school.'”
A better analogy might be something like Lyft, the ride-sharing business where people can use their cars as taxis and connect with people who need rides via a convenient smartphone app. In that same spirit, parents walking or biking to school with their kids could broadcast their trip, inviting other parents to contact them if they'd like their kids picked up on the way, free of charge!
As a last note, the emotional pull of how little freedom kids have nowadays, and their utter dependence on adults for transportation, is especially powerful for me. With that in mind, I'll leave you with this excellent Streetfilms production on how many things have changed over the past half-century:
The reboot, which will feature returning stars Roseanne Barr and John Goodman among others, is set to air midseason.
It's official: Roseanne is returning to ABC.
The network has handed out an eight-episode straight-to-series order for a revival of the wildly popular family sitcom headlined by comedian Roseanne Barr. The reboot will debut sometime midseason on the network.
"We're rebooting Roseanne," ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey said Tuesday during pre-upfronts call with reporters. The series will return midseason, with a formal date to be announced later.
Original castmembers Roseanne Barr, John Goodman (despite the fact that his character Dan died of a heart attack during the final season), Sara Gilbert (Darlene), Laurie Metcalf (Jackie), Michael Fishman (D.J.) and Lecy Goranson (Becky) are all set to return. Sarah Chalke, who played the role of Becky after Goranson, will also return, but in a different role.
“The Conners' joys and struggles are as relevant — and hilarious — today as they were then, and there's really no one better to comment on our modern America than Roseanne,” Dungey said in a statement.
The pickup comes almost 20 years after the Emmy-winning multicam went off the air. The revival will again be a multicamera comedy.
The revival sparked interest from several potential buyers including Netflix, which has revived Full House, Arrested Development and Gilmore Girls. The Roseanne revival was spearheaded by Gilbert, who currently hosts and exec produces the CBS daytime show The Talk.
Gilbert joins original exec producers Barr, Tom Werner and Bruce Helford. Whitney Cummings and Tony Hernandez also exec produce. Like the original series, independent studio Carsey-Werner Television will produce.
Roseanne centered on the working-class Conner family in Illinois and ran on ABC from 1988-97. At its peak, Roseanne ranked as the top series on television during the 1989-90 season and drew nearly 17 million viewers for its final episode. The series has continued to air in reruns on TV Land, CMT and Logo.
The pickup comes as networks, including ABC, have worked hard to better appeal to working-class middle America in the wake of Donald Trump's stunning defeat over Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election. "[The election] made the ground shake underneath media," TLC president Nancy Daniels told THR in December, "and now everybody is taking a hard look: Are we telling the right stories? Are we reaching the right people?"
Roseanne is just the latest in a long line of revivals that includes NBC's Will & Grace, as well as 24, Prison Break and The X-Files — which will return with another 10 episodes in 2018 — on Fox. ABC's cult beloved mystery Twin Peaks is also getting the revival treatment, albeit on Showtime.
Roseanne will be one of two revivals on the Disney-owned broadcaster. The network beat out NBC and Fox to resurrect American Idol only a year after Fox opted to cancel the singing competition. On the unscripted, ABC has also found success with revivals of game shows like Match Game and $100,000 Pyramid.
Roseanne's straight-to-series pickup will be ABC's lone multicamera comedy on its 2017-18 schedule. ABC recently canceled Last Man Standing and Dr. Ken — its only multicamera shows. The Disney-owned network will start the fall 2017-18 season without a single multicamera comedy on its schedule as pilot Household Name, starring Carol Burnett, is being redeveloped. The format, however, remains popular on CBS, which is home to Big Bang Theory, Mom, Kevin Can Wait, Superior Donuts and Man With a Plan. (Both Big Bang and Mom are executive produced by former Roseanne writer Chuck Lorre.)
In addition to the Will & Grace revival, launching in the fall, NBC has The Carmichael Show and Marlon, both of which are being held for summer. Fox has been out of the multicam business for a few seasons.
Here's the full original cast reunited at ABC's upfront:
Citing the potential danger of Hurricane Irma, the Florida State League has announced that it will cancel its 2017 finals. The league will instead recognize co-champions at the conclusion of its Division Series.
“Safety is our first concern for our players and staff,” Florida State League president Ken Carson said in a statement. “After consulting with the Major League Clubs of the participating teams, it was unanimously decided this was the proper thing to do.”
The league began its divisional round on Tuesday. In the North Division, the Tampa Yankees defeated the Dunedin Blue Jays in game one by a score of 8-6, while the Palm Beach Cardinals pulled off a 3-2 victory over the Fort Myers Miracle in the South Division.
The pair of best-of-three series are slated to conclude on Wednesday. If needed, the clubs will play doubleheaders to determine the outcome of their series.
This will be the first time in 13 years that the Florida State League declares co-champions. In 2004, the league declared the Yankees and the Daytona Cubs co-champions because of a hurricane.
You've probably heard a hundred times you should just be happy with what you have and make the most of it. Psychology Today points out this isn't mere "feel better about your life" advice—it's critical to your mental and emotional well-being.
Realizing that the grass isn't always greener on the other side is, psychologist Melanie Klein says, "a cornerstone of mental health, contentment, inner security, and peace of mind." Believing that others have it better or yearning for their lives undermines the goodness of our own and distracts us from the main task of making the most of what we have:
We only have our own [lawn]. But that is the pivotal spot. If we can accept reality for what it is, we have the chance to develop it, to improve it, and to grow it.
Advertisement
Next time you catch yourself thinking, if I only had so-and-so's life/job/talents/money/stuff/whatever... remember to turn back towards the life you have (it's the only one you can tend to and grow).
Mythbusters: The Grass Is NOT Always Greener on the Other Side of the Fence | Psychology Today
You can follow or contact Melanie Pinola, the author of this post, on Twitter.
‘I increasingly felt less welcome': Martin Seeleib-Kaiser, 53, German
Returned in 2017
As a family we moved to the UK in the autumn of 2004. The rights associated with EU citizenship were core to my decision to accept the offer of teaching at the University of Oxford. However, after having contributed to UK higher education for more than a decade, I increasingly felt less welcome as the political discourse on “benefit tourism” developed over the years. The decision by the British electorate to vote for Brexit was the final tipping point for our decision to leave.
Having spent only very little of my professional life in Germany, working at one of Germany's leading universities is a new and exciting experience. The University of Tübingen has been more than welcoming and not only recruited me, but also two further members of my team, both EU citizens, from Oxford. Here we continue our work on the social rights of EU citizens.
‘I didn't like the prospect of having to queue for hours to cross the border': Una, Irish
Returned in 2016
After studying and working in the NHS, I moved back home. The original motivation behind my move was saving to buy a house. However during the time I was moving, the junior doctors' strike, Brexit, increasing anti-European sentiment and chronic, dangerous underfunding of the NHS derailed my plans. The final nail in the coffin was the comments of the health secretary, which implied European doctors would no longer be welcome in the NHS. And, of course, the prospect of having to queue for hours to cross the border.
The Irish health service is not without its problems but the essentials of good-quality public service healthcare remain the same. Tax is slightly higher here, but then again so is my salary. The training I am getting in my chosen specialty is superior to that offered in the UK. It's good to be home.
‘Brexit felt like a massive spit in the face': Krzysztof, 25, Polish
Returned in 2017
I worked as an aerospace engineer in the UK but there ended up being too much propaganda against the Polish, and Brexit felt like a massive spit in the face to all who are not British. It was a shame that after 10 years of living in a country I thought was my home, I've been so brutally asked to get out. The UK is growing inward, but the government, instead of educating people about the benefits of migration (both to them and to the migrants), has decided to use us as scapegoats to cover their incompetence.
Poland is considerably better since I left as a teenager 10 years ago, so I decided to try it here. There's better weather, I have more money left over after expenses and I can actually afford to buy a house. Most important of all nobody tells me to ‘go home'. What's not to like?
‘The UK has gone backwards in its attitude towards non-English': Rolph, Dutch
In the process of returning
I have lived in the UK for more than 50 years and I am disgusted with the way England feels like it has turned its back on the UK. The government has misled its citizens by only concentrating on the money we would be getting back and the way the UK can control immigration once we leave the EU. It is not possible to make a direct comparison between the two countries, but during my time in the UK I feel it has gone backwards in its attitude towards non-English.
‘I couldn't look people in the eye after Brexit': Cat, Swedish
Moved to Italy
There were many factors that made us leave: the pollution and the way the English school system is stuck in Victorian times to name but a few. Then came Brexit. This turned everything upside down. I couldn't look people in the eye anymore. Even those who voted remain were being flippant about it. I wasn't allowed to be angry. Italy has got plenty of problems but the Italians are kinder and a bit more straightforward. We live in a house that we bought for less than the cost of a one-bed in London. We are surrounded by green and amazing views, have a pool and 1,000 olive trees. We want to live differently and try to give our children a different perspective on life.
‘I can plan my life as a person – not as a bargaining chip': Miguel Lopes, 24, Portuguese
Returned in 2017
Since the Brexit vote I have felt very unwelcome. Seeing things such as landlords refusing to rent to EU citizens, permanent residency cards not having any effect after Brexit and the limbo we are being subjected to have made me decide to leave. Real wages have dropped too, especially for people who have to send money abroad to pay their expenses back home. It is not worth being away from your loved ones in exchange for hatred and low standards of living.
I am currently living with less money in my pocket but I can finally plan my life and know what is ahead of me as a person – not as a bargaining chip. I had a partner when I was in the UK who unfortunately was not in a position to return with me, but who understood the reasons behind my decision. After being back I'm finally being able to find myself again. I would never go back to the UK unless things changed radically and it became the country it once was.
Late on Tuesday evening, Republicans on a House panel in New Hampshire voted to advance legislation that resembles Scott Walker's law in Wisconsin ending collective bargaining rights for public sector unions. It's actually farther reaching.
Under the terms of this plan, public sector workers in the state would become “at will” employees if and when their contracts expire.
That eliminates all the leverage state employees have in negotiation with their employers, and could ultimately end up busting the unions entirely.A labor fight has been brewing in New Hampshire, where Republicans have huge House and Senate majorities, for weeks. But this was the first legislative step toward actually undermining unions — and the skewed 18-7 vote suggests it could ultimately land on the Democratic governor's desk, in some form.
The vote came down as protesters jeered and yelled at committee Republicans who had them evicted from the committee room. You can watch that scene unfolds here.
MEN who believe they are alpha males are deluded, it has emerged.
Researchers at the Institute for Studies studied self-styled alpha males and found them to be undistinguished men with larger-than-average watches.
Professor Henry Brubaker said: “One thing that's clear is that anyone who thinks they're an alpha male isn't one.
“94% of these people are involved with either the selling or marketing of mobile phones, an industry which is inherently unmanly. They live in new-build flats they can't really afford and read GQ magazine for tips on how to find favour with their boss.
“The true alpha male is a mythical yeti-like beast – wild, unphotographed and possibly mythical.
“It would be more useful to classify men, and indeed humans overall, as ‘idiot' or ‘not idiot'.”
31-year-old Stephen Malley said: “I'm an alpha male because I shout at people, for example laundrette staff and anyone else who isn't allowed to answer back because of their employment terms.
“Also I have a weirdly clean serial killer-type home and a remote control that operates nine different gadgets and can make my favourite Olly Murs track play in any room including the airing cupboard.
“Additionally I have previous convictions for stuff involving rohypnol but that's all in the past now.”
In the past several weeks, we've covered some ground-breaking bus rapid transit (BRT) systems on TheCityFix, including Ahmedabad's Janmarg, the first full-featured BRT in India, and Johannesburg's Rea Vaya, which will eventually be the first full-featured BRT in Africa. The newest of these pioneering transit systems recently opened in China – the Guangzhou BRT, known as GBRT.
After a ten-day test run over the Chinese New Year holiday, the 22.5-kilometer system launched on February 21. The GBRT is a system of superlatives, like so many other things are in China: it has the world's highest number of passenger boardings at BRT stations, the highest BRT bus frequency, and the longest BRT stations. What's more, it is the first BRT to directly connect to a metro system and the first BRT system in China to include bike parking in its station design. In its first month of operation, the GBRT's ridership levels are second only to Bogotá's Transmilenio, with more than 25,000 passengers per hour in a single direction at rush hour,and more than 800,000 boardings per day.
The GBRT also includes the following features:
26 stations
42 bus routes operate in the corridor, all but one of which operates both inside and outside the BRT corridor
A smart card system
Connecting tunnels from the BRT platform to the Guangzhou metro at three stations
Bike lanes along the trunk line
5,500 bike parking spaces at stations (planned)
5,000 rental bicycles at stations (planned)
GBRT is noteworthy for its provision of “direct service.” This takes advantage of the ability of buses to operate both inside and outside a BRT corridor, greatly reducing passenger transfers compared to a trunk-and-feeder system. Experts also point to good corridor selection and station design (in terms of dimensions, placement, architecture and configuration). Additionally, Guangzhou takes a novel approach to bus operations. All of the other Chinese BRT systems have one BRT operator, typically the dominant state-owned bus operator. In Guangzhou, there are seven operating companies in three large corporate groups. This makes some aspects of regulation more complicated, but ultimately, gives regulators more options in terms of ensuring good service.
GBRT's launch was not without challenges. The media coverage was hostile prior to the opening. The system was also plagued with a few operational problems later in February as demand returned to normal levels after the Chinese New Year holiday.
However, the media now reflects generally positive views, and officials are working to further improve the system in the coming months. Currently, it relies on some regular urban buses, which are unable to meet the high demand. The city is now procuring new 18-meter BRT buses to add to those already in operation. Additionally, planners are working on BRT route adjustments, with technical input from the Institute for Transportation and Development Policy (ITDP) and a public consultation process. Minor route changes, combined with the phased introduction of express routes and larger buses, will result in dramatic operational improvements even as passenger demand continues to grow.
So far, GBRT's achievements are impressive. The system is already thought of as a top contender for next year's Sustainable Transport Award (Ahmedabad's Janmarg took home this year's top honor.) What's more, it is expected to have impacts around the world.
In the words of Karl Fjellstrom, ITDP's Vice Director for China:
“GBRT is revolutionizing perceptions of bus-based travel. The system is already having a significant demonstration impact in China, but we expect an eventual international impact as well. Never before has an Asian BRT system carried more than 8,000 passengers per hour per direction, and the Guangzhou BRT is already carrying more than 25,000 passengers per hour per direction, with significant future growth expected. It is not just the high capacity that is changing public perceptions, but also the high-quality station design, radical bus priority (with 22-24m of road width in the middle of the road given to BRT at all of the main stations), provision of bike parking in the BRT station design, direct connections from the BRT platform to three metro stations, and sheer passenger volume. To give an idea, two stations (Gangding and Tangxia) both have more than 70,000 passenger boardings per day, more than many BRTs achieve system-wide.”
Fjellstrom points out that local support for the system is also strong. All of the key provincial and city level officials have ridden and endorsed it, and there is still a regular line of people along the pedestrian bridges who come to watch it in operation. In a sense, Fjellstrom observes, GBRT has created a million new bus rapid transit experts.
Check out this GBRT photo gallery. And if you're visiting Guangzhou anytime soon, this blog posted some handy users' tips.
(Read our post about congestion pricing proposals in Guangzhou here.)
HBO Go fans can now stream all their favorite HBO shows on Microsoft's Xbox One.
In what seemed like a heated race, the Xbox One became Thursday the first of the next generation gaming consoles to implement HBO's streaming service. Not to worry, the PS4 version is currently being developed and should arrive sometime before the new year, or shortly thereafter.
The look and feel of the Xbox One app is pretty much par for the course for Microsoft but with a few tweaks. For example, the Xbox One app has larger images, and a neat feature that allows users to pin their favorite individual TV shows to their home screen. This is ideal for binge watchers.
HBO Go is pay-to-play so users will need a subscription to the streaming service. Gamers without Xbox Live Gold memberships, will still be able to view content by providing their HBO credentials to log-on. The offer is only available in the U.S. and will support subscribers of over a dozen providers, including Time Warner Cable, Comcast, AT&T, Verizon, DirecTV, and Dish.
The Xbox One offers a slew of options when it comes to streaming media, but pushing the the popular cable network's streaming service to Microsoft's gaming system is a step in the right direction for the company in implementing a centralized media platform for its users.
CINCINNATI (MarketWatch) — U.S. stocks have reversed from the year's worst levels, and a corrective bounce is technically underway.
Nonetheless, the August downdraft has inflicted broadly-based damage, and an extended basing period is likely due — in the best case — before the U.S. markets' next durable leg higher.
Before detailing the U.S. markets' wider view, the S&P 500's SPX, -0.08% hourly chart highlights the past two weeks.
As illustrated, the S&P has extended its breakdown, punctuating a steep plunge from the 200-day moving average. The index has dropped as much as 268 points, or 12.5%, from the 2015 peak.
From current levels, very near-term resistance rests at 1,954, and is followed by firmer overhead at last week's close of 1,971, an area matching the December low.
Meanwhile, the Dow industrials' DJIA, -0.13% near-term backdrop is similar.
Consider that the index has plunged 2,198 points — the bulk of it across three sessions — after topping just under major resistance at 17,580, better illustrated on the daily chart.
Its technical levels are poorly defined against the current backdrop, though last week's close of 16,460 marks the Dow's first notable resistance.
And the Nasdaq Composite COMP, -0.07% has fallen off a cliff, plunging to 10-month lows.
From current levels, initial resistance spans from 4,695 to last week's close of 4,706.
Collectively, last week's close punctuated the U.S. markets' initial breakdown, and each benchmark's response on the first retest should be a useful bull-bear gauge.
Widening the view to six months adds perspective.
On this wider view, the Nasdaq violated major support at the March peak last week, and has plunged to 10-month lows across just four sessions. Its breakdown includes a violation of the 200-day moving average, and former support at the 2014 peak.
The straightline downdraft is distinctly bearish for the longer-term, though a close atop first resistance around 4,700 would mark a first step toward stabilization.
Similarly, the Dow Jones Industrial Average has broken down technically, plunging to an 18-month closing low.
The downdraft punctuates consecutive failed tests of the 2014 peak, the 200-day moving average, and the 17,580 breakdown point.
Again, the Dow's technical levels are now poorly defined, though notable resistance rests at last week's close of 16,460.
And the S&P 500 has plunged to 10-month lows, after knifing through major support at the 200-day moving average and the 2,080 mark.
The S&P closed Monday down 8.1% on the year, and has dropped as much as 12.5% from the 2015 peak. First resistance rests at last week's close of 1,971, and a close higher would mark an early step toward stabilization.
The bigger picture
Broadly speaking, the August downdraft has been a technical tidal wave, inflicting severe, and likely lasting, damage.
Looking ahead, the best-case scenario is that Monday marked the low, and the major benchmarks swiftly reverse course, mirroring the October market whipsaw. Though possible, the “swift reversal” outcome is less likely against the current backdrop. The August plunge has been directionally aggressive — originating from an historically tight range on the S&P 500 — and punctuated by the Volatility Index' biggest weekly spike on record.
Beyond the headline benchmarks, consider the following:
Returning to the small-caps, the iShares Russell 2000 ETF IWM, -0.69% has plunged to 10-month lows, following a failed retest of the 200-day moving average from underneath.
The downturn resolves a head-and-shoulders top — a high-reliability bearish reversal pattern — and the IWM's breakdown point now marks major resistance. Though due a corrective bounce, the small-cap benchmark's longer-term bias technically points lower.
Similarly, the SPDR S&P MidCap 400 MDY, -0.84% has plunged to a 10-month closing low following a failed retest of its breakdown point from underneath. The mid-cap benchmark is traversing less-charted territory, and volatility is to be expected as it establishes a technical floor.
And to reiterate, last week's technical breakdown truly took hold as the Russell 3000 Index RUA, -0.16% violated its 200-day moving average concurrently with the S&P 500. The Russell 3000 is a more comprehensive benchmark, encompassing about 98% of all U.S. market capitalization.
Moving to the SPDR Trust S&P 500 SPY, -0.07% its breakdown has been driven by a volume spike, and distinctly bearish internals.
Consider that Friday's down volume surpassed up volume by a nearly 14-to-1 margin on the NYSE, while Monday's downdraft was underpinned by nearly 33-to-1 negative breadth.
Under normal market conditions, two 9-to-1 down days would signal bearish extremes, consistent with a major trend shift.
More plainly, the August downturn has been internally aggressive, fueled by bearish breadth statistics that until now, hadn't surfaced for several years.
Against this backdrop, the Volatility Index VIX, +2.15% has taken flight, notching consecutive daily spikes exceeding 45%.
And consider that Monday's incremental increase followed what was already the VIX' largest weekly spike on record.
As detailed repeatedly, this likely isn't a bullish volatility spike. The VIX briefly reached its highest levels since 2009 this week, and is now traversing less-charted territory. Its series of “higher highs” is a bearish longer-term structure.
Moving to potential support, the S&P 500's three-year view adds perspective. This is a weekly chart, with each bar representing one week.
Several inflection points remain worth tracking, as initially detailed in Monday's review. Specifically:
The S&P's 10% correction mark rests at 1,921. Recall that the October downturn concluded with a 9.9% correction.
The S&P's weekly closing low, going back to May 2014, rests at 1,886. This area matches a former range top, and marks its first notable technical floor.
The S&P's October closing low held at 1,862, and its absolute October low came in at 1,820.
With these areas detailed, the S&P bottomed Monday at 1,867 before rising to close at 1,893. So it's initially stabilized near potential support, a near-term positive.
The question now is the sustainability, and quality, of this week's rally attempt.
When gauging the quality, the S&P's first notable resistance rests at last week's close of 1,971, a level matching the December low. A nearly immediate reversal higher would strengthen the near-term bull case, placing the S&P on somewhat firmer technical ground.
But beyond near-term tests, the August downdraft has inflicted significant technical damage, and the U.S. markets' longer-term bias points lower. Establishing a durable floor will more likely be a process than an event.
Still well positioned
The table below includes names recently profiled in The Technical Indicator that remain well positioned. For the original comments, see The Technical Indicator Library.
Company Symbol Date Profiled Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. AAOI Aug. 10 Zeltiq Aesthetics, Inc. ZLTQ Aug. 10 Masimo Corp. MASI July 30 Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. SCMP July 29 CubeSmart CUBE July 16 Teva Pharmaceutical TEVA July 2 Builders FirstSource, Inc. BLDR June 16 Anacor Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ANAC June 8 Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. SRPT June 3 Advance Auto Parts, Inc. AAP May 28 Netflix, Inc. NFLX May 11 Amazon.com, Inc. AMZN May 8 O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. ORLY Mar. 3 Skechers USA, Inc. SKX Feb. 20 Infinera Corp. INFN Jan. 28 Ulta Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance, Inc. ULTA Oct. 30
Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.
Share. “The micro-transaction is so strong and it's definitely a much better model," says Palm. “The micro-transaction is so strong and it's definitely a much better model," says Palm.
The future of all games is with free-to-play and micro-transactions, according to the man behind Candy Crush.
During an interview with IGN, King Games Guru (that's his real job title) Tommy Palm spoke about other, more traditional games publishers exploring the free-to-play models frequently adopted by King.
“The micro-transaction is so strong and it's definitely a much better model. I think all companies have to transition over to that. If you talk to many hardcore gamers, they're not happy about it right now, but if you asked them about the long term, “Do you want to continue playing your favourite game for years to come?' And the answer will be yes.”
Palm went on to stress the importance of sensible pricing and making games truly F2P. “I think for companies it is very important to find a good balance. Free-to-play games are difficult to do, and you really need to be good at making it feel balanced to the gamers. So it's not too greedy.
“At King, for instance, we took the decision to make our games truly free-to-play, so you will never end up in the position where you're forced to pay. So you can play all the way to the end without having to pay. For instance, in Candy Crush, of the players who are on the last level, more than half of them didn't pay to get there.”
Pain went on to cite Hearthstone as an example of a great free-to-play title that is resonating with a more traditional gaming audience. “Just looking at Blizzard's Hearthstone – it's a great example of a F2P game that is made really well, it's well balanced, and I don't think many people are complaining about that business model. It's easy to see if there's concept that is close to your heart. It works out really well.”
Daniel is IGN's UK Games Editor. He sometimes writes about movies, too. You can be part of the world's most embarrassing cult by following him on IGN and Twitter.
Irbil, Iraq (CNN) Iraqi forces have liberated the eastern half of Mosul from ISIS' grip, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi reported Tuesday on state television.
"I call on those heroes to move quickly to liberate the remaining part of Nineveh province, especially the right side, which is the western side of the city," Abadi said.
Mosul is divided by the Tigris River, with both sides making up about half of Iraq's second-largest city.
"The Iraqi and Peshmerga security forces fought through an elaborate defense formed over the past two years to not only keep the Iraqi security forces out, but the residents of Mosul captive," said a statement from US Central Command Combined Joint Task Force-Operation Inherent Resolve.
The US statement lauded Iraqi efforts to keep civilians safe as it fended off mortar, sniper and drone attacks, while ISIS used human -- including child shields -- and stored weapons in hospitals, mosques and schools.
"To see how far the Iraqis have come since 2014, not only militarily, but in their ability to put their differences aside and focus on a common enemy, gives real hope to the people of Iraq that after years of fighting and instability, peace and security are attainable," said Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend, the task force's commanding general.
Experts said last week the terrorist organization had been confined to Mosul's urban centers and was on the cusp of losing the city's east bank. Still, the battle to wrest control of the west side could drag on into March.
Losing its last major Iraqi stronghold would be a huge blow to ISIS, which, according to US Air Force Col. John L. Dorrian, has already lost Ramadi, Falluja, Hit, Qayyara and Sharqat. Tuesday's statement also mentions Kirkuk and Tikrit.
Gen. Abdul Wahab al-Saadi of the Iraqi counterterrorism forces. Earlier this month, Iraqi-led forces made significant gains , seizing the Mosul's university, a government complex and parts of the Tigris' east bank, said Lt.Gen. Abdul Wahab al-Saadi of the Iraqi counterterrorism forces.
ISIS seized control of Mosul in 2014. Ousting the group would be a challenge for any of the world's militaries, Townsend said.
JUST WATCHED Mosul residents caught between war and peace Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Mosul residents caught between war and peace 02:16
Mounting advances
The new government complex in eastern Mosul as well as several Mosul University buildings at one time had been a headquarters and killing ground for ISIS fighters.
Iraqi forces discovered large amounts of suspected chemical substances and a "bomb factory" at the university, said Sabah al Numan, spokesman for Iraqi counterterrorism forces.
ISIS militants have used chemical weapons such as mustard gas , according to Iraqi and US officials.
About 10 days ago, counterterrorism forces reached the east bank of the Tigris for the first time since the large-scale military operation to reclaim Mosul began in October.
They did so in spite of ISIS destroying all five of Mosul's bridges crossing the Tigris to slow the advance of Iraqi troops toward the city's western side, said Lt. Gen. Abdul Amir Rasheed Yarallah, commander of Iraqi forces in Nineveh province.
The bridges had already been damaged in airstrikes carried out by the US-led coalition. In previous instances where ISIS destroyed bridges, Iraqi forces built temporary or floating structures, slowing down troops but not deterring their advance.
"There is still a long way to go before ISIL is completely eliminated from Iraq, and the fight for Western Mosul is likely to be even tougher than the Eastern side," Townsend said in the Tuesday statement, using another name for ISIS. "But the (Iraqi security forces) have proven they are both a professional and formidable fighting force, and I have every confidence that ISIL's days are numbered in Iraq."
On behalf of the coalition, Townsend congratulated the Iraqi troops, wishing them "good luck and Allah's blessings for the fight on the west side that lies ahead."
Leader in cross hairs?
JUST WATCHED Ash Carter: ISIS leader's days are numbered Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Ash Carter: ISIS leader's days are numbered 01:38
News of advances made by Iraqi forces comes days after outgoing US Defense Secretary Ash Carter said during a PBS interview that ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi's "days are numbered."
"I'm just confident. I don't want to say any more than that, but I wouldn't want to be a senior ISIL leader," Carter said. "Many of them have died already. The more we do, the more we learn about where they are. So his days are numbered, and that's true of all the rest of the leadership."
An American official said December 29, "In the last few weeks we've been aware of some of Baghdadi's movements."
The official had access to some of the most recent US government reporting on ISIS at the time, but because of the sensitivity of the information, the official declined to provide more details. That includes whether intelligence indicates if Baghdadi is in Syria or Iraq.
According to Iraq's Shiite-led Popular Mobilization Units, or PMUs, Baghdadi is hiding in an area west of Mosul.
"We've received information that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is hiding between the towns of al Baaj and Al-Qairawan, near the Iraqi-Syrian border," PMU spokesman Ahmed al Assadi has said.
Last month, American officials increased the reward for information leading to Baghdadi's capture to $25 million from $10 million.
Android realizes parts of its sandbox model for the apps with SELinux. SELinux blocks the access to resources on your device by default. You have to specifically write rules to grant access. It appears Android allows all apps the access to the /proc/net directory by default. Some background information about proc:
The proc filesystem (procfs) is a special filesystem in Unix-like operating systems that presents information about processes and other system information in a hierarchical file-like structure, …
/proc/net/, a directory containing useful information about the network stack, in particular /proc/net/nf_conntrack, which lists existing network connections …
This means that every app on your Android smartphone can monitor which apps connect to the internet and also when and where they connect to, without having to ask permission do so. People familiar with SELinux will find the related rule in the untrusted_app.te policy file under android / platform / external / sepolicy:
# access /proc/net/xt_qtguid/stats
r_dir_file(untrusted_app, proc_net)
Untrusted apps mean:
In current AOSP, this domain is assigned to all non-system apps as well as to any system apps that are not signed by the platform key.
This rule does not only give access to the stats file as indicated but also any other file under /proc/net.
Oh my God! I can't believe I'm so lucky to have such an amazing and thoughtful Santa!!
So let's start from the very beginning. When I unwrapped the package I noticed an envelope that said “Open me after the box!”. So I put it aside and dug into the box. The first thing that I saw was some folded magazine which turned out to be a guide to Scotland (my Santa's from there) and it was in Russian! Actually it is a nice surprise to get something in my native language from Scotland! :) Along with the guide I found 5 postcards with Scottish views. I told my Santa that I exchange postcards with people from all over the world so he nailed it! All the postcards are very-very beautiful, I love them! :) I've always wanted to visit Scotland but now my Santa made me even more excited about this country!!
Besides, I received many little things that made my day! Here they are:
1) some Scottish confectioneries and a pack of shortbreads. Can't wait to try them all, they look delicious!!
2) 3 pens. I told my Santa that I've been looking for good pens to write my postcards and he fulfilled my wishes :3
3) mini easel and canvas. It looks so nice! I used to paint in oils several years ago and now I feel that I should start again ;)
4) a Scottish cookbook. I love cooking so that's a perfect gift for me! I've never heard of many of these recipes and I'm very excited to make something from them!
5) a set of UK coins. Santa did a good job to get me all the same year (2014). They make the Royal Coat of Arms together!
6) anddd Scottish whiskey!! When I finally opened the envelope with a note I read this: “Being from Russia you MUST like vodka. I know it's a stereotype haha but you must. In Scotland we have whiskey, enjoy with ice or neat.” :D Actually I don't like vodka very much (I think there's something wrong with me :D) but I do like trying alcohol from abroad! So this is a treasure for me, I'll keep it for some special occasion :3
Thank you so much for all your gifts and a sweet note!! It's a real pleasure being a happy giftee of such an awesome Santa!! ;) I couldn't ask for more! Priceless exchange!
P.S. You have very beautiful handwriting!
Brominated vegetable oil (BVO) is a complex mixture of plant-derived triglycerides that have been reacted to contain atoms of the element bromine bonded to the molecules. Brominated vegetable oil is used primarily to help emulsify citrus-flavored soft drinks, preventing them from separating during distribution. Brominated vegetable oil has been used by the soft drink industry since 1931, generally at a level of about 8 ppm.[1][2]
Careful control of the type of oil used allows bromination of it to produce BVO with a specific density of 1.33 g/mL, which is noticeably greater than that of water (1 g/mL). As a result, it can be mixed with less-dense flavoring agents such as citrus flavor oil to produce a resulting oil whose density matches that of water or other products. The droplets containing BVO remain suspended in the water rather than separating and floating at the surface.[2]
Alternative food additives used for the same purpose include sucrose acetate isobutyrate (SAIB, E444) and glycerol ester of wood rosin (ester gum, E445).
[2] Chemical structure of a representative constituent of BVO, featuring, from the top, brominated linoloate linolenoate , and oleate esters.
Regulation and use [ edit ]
United States [ edit ]
In the United States, BVO was designated in 1958 as generally recognized as safe (GRAS),[2] but this was withdrawn by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in 1970.[3] The U.S. Code of Federal Regulations currently imposes restrictions on the use of BVO as a food additive in the United States, limiting the concentration to 15 ppm,[4] limiting the amount of free fatty acids to 2.5 percent, and limiting the iodine value to 16.[5] BVO is used in Mountain Dew, manufactured by PepsiCo;[6] Powerade and Fanta Orange made by Coca-Cola; and Squirt, Sun Drop and Sunkist Peach Soda, made by the Dr Pepper Snapple Group.[7] Numerous generic citrus sodas also use it, including "Clover Valley"/Dollar General sodas and Stars & Stripes.[citation needed] On May 5, 2014, Coca-Cola and PepsiCo said they will remove BVO from their products.[8]
BVO is one of four substances that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has defined as interim food additives;[9][10] the other three are acrylonitrile copolymers, mannitol, and saccharin.[11]
Online petition [ edit ]
An online petition at Change.org asking PepsiCo to stop adding BVO to Gatorade and other products collected over 200,000 signatures by January 2013.[7] The petition pointed out that since Gatorade is sold in countries where BVO is not approved, there is already an existing formulation without this ingredient. PepsiCo announced in January 2013, that it would no longer use BVO in Gatorade,[6][12] and announced May 5, 2014,[13] that it would discontinue use in all of its drinks, including Mountain Dew. However, as of February 20, 2019,[14][15][16] BVO is still an ingredient in Mountain Dew, Sun Drop, and AMP Energy Drinks.
Canada [ edit ]
BVO is currently permitted as a food additive in Canada.[17]
Europe [ edit ]
In the European Union, BVO is banned from use as a food additive.[18] In the EU, beverage companies commonly use glycerol ester of wood rosin or locust bean gum as an alternative to BVO.
India [ edit ]
Standards for soft drinks in India have prohibited the use of BVO since 1990.[19]
Japan [ edit ]
The use of BVO as a food additive has been banned in Japan since 2010.[2]
Health effects [ edit ]
There are case reports of adverse effects associated with excessive consumption of BVO-containing products. One case reported that a man who consumed two to four liters of a soda containing BVO on a daily basis experienced memory loss, tremors, fatigue, loss of muscle coordination, headache, and ptosis of the right eyelid, as well as elevated serum chloride.[20] In the two months it took to correctly diagnose the problem, the patient also lost the ability to walk. Eventually, bromism was diagnosed and hemodialysis was prescribed which resulted in a reversal of the disorder.[21]
Peter Carlsson talking about his view on innovation for Innovation Sweden. Youtube / Innovation Sweden
After five years at Elon Musk's side, serving as the CPO of Tesla, Peter Carlsson is back in Sweden to start his own gigafactory, with a venture called SGF Energy. The goal is to produce the next generation lithium-ion batteries, at half the current price.
It's about bringing the electric car to the people and breaking Europe's carbon dependency.
Ad
According to Carlsson, cutting the price is exactly what's needed to take the electric car from a luxury good to everyman's standard. It would finally make it possible to construct mid-range electric cars with the same performance as cars with combustion engines – or even better. That, in turn, would be a defining moment in the deteriorating environmental trend.
“Elon Musk's vision is to drive the transition away from oil in transportation. He knows that to achieve that, capital and resources far beyond Tesla's capacity will have to be amassed. So we're not competing with Tesla, we're helping to drive the transformation,” Carlsson told Veckans Affärer.
Battery factories are popping up all over Europe.
Ad
SGF Energy isn't alone in wanting to ‘help drive the transformation'. According to Green Tech Media, we can expect a German battery factory to be opened by BMC, and another in Poland by LG Chem – both during 2017. Samsung wants to open a factory in Hungary in 2018. At the same time Tesla is going for a gigafactory of its own in Europe, whilst aiming to double the production of the one in Nevada by 2018. The supply of batteries is going to sky-rocket.
Cutting costs in half is all about optimizing logistics.
The secret to reach profitability in an industry that's been hard-pressed historically is to treat it like a process industry – an area Peter Carlsson feels at home in from his day working logistics in the production of the first mobile phones, for Ericsson. And as the former CPO of Tesla, cost-efficient logistics are somewhat of a specialty.
The goal is to reach a cost of $100 per kilowatt hour. That's comparable to the current prices of between $200 and $250 per kilowatt hour.
”To reach that magic threshold we need to have the best cell chemistry and an extremely cost efficient production.”
Demand is expected to skyrocket along with supply.
A presentation by SGF Energy to the Swedish Energy Commission claims 110 gigawatt hours is a conservative estimate for the demand for lithium-ion batteries of the European car industry by 2025. With energy storage application necessary for breaking Europe's fossile fuel dependency SGF Energy estimates the total demand to 600 gigawatt hours.
Carlsson wants to make Sweden a center for European battery production.
The Swedish gigafactory is to produce batteries of a total capacity of 35 Gigawatt hours per year. To do that the factory will require huge amounts of energy, which gives Sweden a comparable advantage for production because of its abundance of carbon free energy.
Another advantage of locating battery production to Scandinavia is the proximity of required resources. Finland has cobalt, nickel and lithium, and Sweden produces graphite, nickel and manganese, Carlsson told Affärsvärlden.
The project requires huge investments.
The Swedish gigafactory will require an investment of SEK 40 billion – some $4 billion. To that effect, Carlsson's team is meeting with suppliers, mining coporations, energy companies, politicians, investors, experts and potential customers all over Europe.
“By having a number of entities with insight into the project at this early stage we hope that in 12 months, when we really need to start raising capital to get the shovel in the ground and start building a factory, they will have enough confidence in the project to support it. It's estimated to cost SEK 40 million in four steps. Vinnova and the Swwedish Energy Agency were early supporters.”
But for the first stage of the project only SEK 100 million is needed. The first step is to recruit the best engineers to be found.
“We are six today, but our intention is to create a group of 25 to 30 of the best engineers. We're going to recruit many from abroad, from the US and Japan, but we also want the best in Sweden.”
Lithium-ion batteries are the future.
“Hydrogen is not an alternative. It's too expensive, underdeveloped and doesn't have the infrastructure. I think predominantly two types of battery chemistries will dominate the future battery market. Both are based on lithium, cobalt and nickel, but one contains more manganese and the other more aluminum oxide.”
PETER CARLSSON'S CAREER
1989 – Moved to Luleå to study business with a focus on production and quality control.
1993 – His first job after graduation was Quality Manager at Kami, a producer of tin roofs.
1995 – Started working as Sourcing Manager for Ericsson in Lund, Sweden.
1997 – Moved to the US to help Ericsson set up an operation there.
2003 – Became Global Supply Chain Manager for Sony Ericsson.
2007 – Left Sony Ericsson to manage the operational activities of the semi-conductor company NXP in Singapore as SVP and CPO.
2011 – Became CPO of Tesla and one of Elon Musk's closest co-workers.
2012 – The launch of Tesla's Model S became a symbol of the disruption of the car industry. Carlsson was in charge of manufacturing it.
2013 – Carlsson's only performance review with Eon Musk. “It took five minutes and in response to the question of what I could improve he thought I could talk a bit faster.”
2015 – Left Tesla and became an angel investor, professional board member and entrepreneur.
2016 – Unveils his plans to build a gigafactory and make Sweden the battery center of Europe.
This article was translated and adapted from the original verion written by Jill Bederoff for Veckans Affärer. Additional reporting by Vilhelm Carlström. Follow Veckans Affärer on Facebook and Twitter.
These new Chromebooks offer greater mobility, together with all your favorite apps, so you can use Chromebooks in entirely new ways. Top apps for productivity like Slack™ help you get more done. When you want to play, you can enjoy popular games like Plants vs. Zombies Heroes™ on the high-resolution, large touch screen. And with apps like Google Play Movies and Spotify™, you can download movies, shows and music to keep watching or listening when you're on the go.
Thin and lightweight, the Samsung Chromebook Pro and Chromebook Plus are easily convertible from a laptop with a full keyboard to a tablet that's comfortable to hold at only 2.38 lbs. In addition to a Quad HD high-resolution touch screen, these devices are the first Chromebooks to come with a built-in pen. This pen can be used with apps like Samsung ArtCanvas™ to make detailed drawing easy and fun. And you can not only capture handwritten notes but also search them with Google Keep.
All the great Chromebook features, like simple automatic updates and built-in virus protection, haven't changed. You can also run multiple apps at the same time — online or offline — helping you enjoy all the entertainment and productivity from Google Play apps anytime and anywhere.
The Samsung Chromebook Pro, featuring an Intel® Core™m3 processor, will be available in April. The Samsung Chromebook Plus with an ARM microprocessor is available for pre-order starting today and in stores in early February, starting at $449. Learn more at BestBuy.com.
We look forward to seeing what you do with this new generation of Chromebooks!
HOLYOKE – Investigators seized $100,000 worth of cocaine early Thursday night that had been hidden inside a hollowed-out hunk of bologna and mailed to an Essex Street address from Puerto Rico.
Holyoke detectives with the department's narcotics and vice division, along with a U.S. Postal Service inspector and agents from the FBI's Gang Task Force and Drug Enforcement Agency, executed a federal warrant and raided 193 Essex St. shortly after 5 p.m., Scott said.
Juan G. Rodriguez, 30, of 193 Essex St., was arrested and charged with trafficking cocaine. He was ordered held in lieu of $100,000 cash or $1 million surety bail during his arraignment Friday in District Court.
The investigation began Wednesday after Postal Inspector Brian Dailey contacted Holyoke Police Lt. David R. Pratt regarding a parcel, addressed to man at 193 Essex St. and believed to contain illegal drugs.
Dailey has been working with postal inspectors out of Puerto Rico regarding an ongoing investigation of illegal drugs being shipped from there to various people in the United States.
Postal records revealed that similar packages had been sent to that address in May and June.
When Dailey, working undercover, delivered the parcel to 193 Essex St., it was signed for by a female that had been sitting on the front steps with Rodriguez.
Scott said the suspect immediately took custody of the package and both went inside the house. Police raided the property about 15 minutes later and found the female and the suspect coming down from the attic. The cocaine, which weighed one kilo or 2.2 pounds, has a street value of about $100,000, he said.
Investigators arrested Rodriguez and arrest warrants are being sought for other suspects, Scott said.
“I commend Lieutenant Pratt,Inspector Dailey and all the agents and detectives involved in this operation,” Scott said. “This is a clear example of the cooperation which exists between federal, state and local law enforcement working to keep communities safe.”
Scott said Rodriguez was charged with assault and battery and threatening to murder in 2008. Both charges were continued without a finding in Springfield District Court.
An innocent plea for Rodriguez was entered in court and he was ordered to return on Sept. 23 for a pre-trial hearing.
Pin 0 Shares
There is no way to be completely prepared for a disaster. However, you can do your best to prepare yourself financially for an emergency that could cause you problems. If you haven't thought about it in the past, think about it now. Recent events, from large scale natural disasters (such as the earthquake in Japan) to man made problems (like last year's oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico) can impact your income, as well as prevent you from accessing your money. You need to be ready for these situations.
Build Up an Emergency Fund
An emergency fund is there for…emergencies. You should build one up so that you are prepared. Your emergency fund can help you pay for repairs not covered by insurance, and it can also help you offset other costs that might be related to a natural disaster. Another reason an emergency fund is important is that your income might be interrupted by a disaster. What happens if you can't get to work? Or if the disaster results in you being laid off altogether? If some sort of catastrophe knocked out the Internet in my locale, I'd experience a severe drop in income. An emergency fund can help you avoid complete financial disaster in such circumstances. Take some time to get your finances in order, and start an emergency fund.
Continues after Advertisement
Keep Emergency Cash at Home
As nice as an emergency fund is, you should realize that power outages and interruptions in the banking system can limit access to your money. An earthquake once made it impossible for me to get my money via ATM for two days. Realize, too, that a lack of power or downed phone lines can mean that using a credit card might be out. Have a stash of cash at home, kept in a safe place. Don't use it for every day expenses; instead, save it for when you really need it. Consider three days' worth of cash to complement your 72-hour kit.
Know Important Numbers, And Protect Your Financial Documents
In addition to making sure that you have access to liquid funds, you need to consider your financial documents, and your financial accounts. Keep a list of financial account numbers and contact information for insurance policies, retirement plans, bank accounts, loans and credit cards. This list should be kept someplace safe and secure, along with hard copies of documents, such as insurance policies, loan papers, car and home titles, passports and birth/marriage certificates. A waterproof fire safe is one of the best options for these papers. You can even keep some of your emergency cash stash in the safe. That way, your most important information is safe guarded.
What If You Have to Leave?
Your next concern should be whether or not you have to leave. Your emergency stash of cash should be easy to get to, so that you can take it with you. Account numbers and other information should also be taken with you, just in case you need to get in touch with representatives of different companies. Have a 72-hour kit prepared for each member of your family (or create a family kit), and keep it somewhere accessible. These are things you need to grab and take with you in addition to cash and financial account information. You also need identification (if you have a passport, bring it along) and insurance cards.
Make sure everything you need is in a central location so that you can just grab it and go.
Do you have any other tips for financially preparing for a disaster?
Pin 0 Shares
The Turkish military said its fighter jets hit Syrian Kurdish targets in northern Syria, and killed up to 200 fighters, according to state media.
The jets hit 18 targets in Maarrat Umm Hawsh, a region north of the city of Aleppo, the official news agency Anadolu said.
Quoting the army, the report claimed that between 160 and 200 fighters from the YPG, the People's Protection Units, were killed in the raids on Wednesday night.
A Syrian-Kurdish forces leader, however, said that while Turkish jets and artillery were attacking, no more than 10 fighters had been killed so far.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a monitoring group, said at least nine YPG fighters were confirmed killed and 26 people were injured in some 20 raids.
Anadolu said nine buildings used as YPG headquarters, meeting points, shelters and weapons depots were destroyed as well as four vehicles.
Al Jazeera was unable to independently verify the death toll.
The Anadolu report said that the YPG had attacked Turkish-backed Syrian rebels. However, the Observatory said it had no information on such an incident.
On Thursday, the Syrian military said it would bring down any Turkish war planes entering Syrian airspace.
"Any attempt to once again breach Syrian airspace by Turkish war planes will be dealt with and they will be brought down by all means available," the Syrian army general command said in a statement.
US-Turkey tension over Syria
In August, Turkey launched a ground operation in northern Syria, targeting the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL, also known as ISIS) group and the YPG, and continues to maintain a military presence in the neighbouring country.
The United States considers the YPG to be a key force in the fight against ISIL in Syria.
Turkey says the group is an extension of its own outlawed Kurdish fighters - the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) - who have carried out a series of deadly attacks in Turkey over the past year.
Tensions between Turkey and the US have increased over the YPG, but Ankara has repeatedly said it will not allow a "terror corridor" on its southern border and wants to prevent the joining of the Kurdish "cantons" of Afrin and Kobane.
"It will be interesting to see what the United States has to say about the attack Turkey has carried out on the force [the US] sees as effective in fighting ISIL in Syria ," said Al Jazeera's Mohammed Adow, reporting from Gaziantep - a Turkish border town near Syria.
Turkey entered the Syrian war to try and remove ISIL from its border - which last month Ankara said it achieved - while also aiming to halt the westward advance of the YPG.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said on Wednesday that Turkey would not "wait for terrorist organisations to come and attack us" during a speech in Ankara.
"These organisations, wherever their activities are, wherever they are nesting, we will go [there]," he said.
By Casey Baseel, RocketNews24
Japan has a pretty intense mix of emotions about Tokyo serving as host of the 2020 Summer Olympics and Paralympics. On one hand, as a country that prides itself on hospitality and is always pleased to see people of other nations taking an interest in its traditions and accomplishments, many locals are excited about hosting the Games.
But on the other hand, the surge in visitors and attention from abroad that Japan will be experiencing has some worried about how certain social norms of the geographically, and at times socially, insular nation will be perceived by the international community. For example, Japanese smoking restrictions are much laxer than those in many similarly developed countries.
With Japanese public opinion also gradually becoming more critical of second-hand smoke, some legislators are arguing that now is as good a time as any to begin transitioning to stricter regulations and anti-smoking measures. The Ministry of Health, Labour, and Welfare is contemplating an indoor smoking ban that would prohibit lighting up in restaurants and bars, and now Akiko Santo, a member of the House of Councilors and the head of its Second-hand Smoke Prevention Committee, is pushing for another dramatic change.
On Oct 25, Santo formally suggested to Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga that the government look into the ramifications of significantly raising tobacco taxes, to the extent that a single pack of cigarettes would cost more than 1,000 yen. Should such a move be carried out, the retail price of an average pack would be more than double what it is now. While no official legislation has been introduced for debate, Santo seems determined to implement higher taxes on cigarettes by 2020, saying “The Olympics are coming up, and the timing is right.”
Source: Jiji
Read more stories from RocketNews24. -- Japanese government mulling indoor smoking ban to be introduced as early as next year -- All censor, no sense: Recent cover-ups in Jojo anime are laughably bad, kind of pointless -- Tokyo considering removing overhead power lines in run-up to 2020 Olympics
© Japan Today
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Google has ignored an ultimatum from Kenya's media regulator, after the body ordered it to block access to a gay music video.
Kenyan band Art Attack released a music video last month for their remix, which features images of same-sex couples and pride marchers in the country.
Despite attracting attention online, the video fell foul of the Kenya Film Classification Board – which denied the video a license because “it does not adhere to the morals of the country”.
The regulator later threatened action against internet giant Google because the video is still accessible in Kenya on YouTube
According to AllAfrica, on March 1 KFCB Chief Executive Ezekiel Mutua warned Google it had just one week to comply.
He warned: “Kenya must not allow its people to become the Sodom and Gomorrah of the current age through psychological drive from such content.
“We have written to Google to remove the video from their platforms. We expect they will do it within one week from now to avoid further violation of the law.”
However, the video appears to be very much still online – despite the deadline passing.
A spokesperson for Google told online outlet Quartz: “YouTube has clear policies that outline what content is acceptable to post and we remove videos violating these policies when flagged by our users.
“We review government removal requests when notified through the correct legal processes and in keeping with our company philosophy on transparency and freedom of expression.”
It is unclear whether the Kenyan body actually has any authority to take action against Google.
The fallout from the arrest and suspension of Sheriff Chris Blair continued on Saturday as two high ranking agency officials were put on administrative leave with pay.
The fallout from the arrest and suspension of Marion County Sheriff Chris Blair continued on Saturday as two high ranking agency officials were put on administrative leave with pay.
The officials are Maj. Don Maines, who heads the Bureau of Professional Standards, and Maj. Tommy Bibb, in charge of the Bureau of Special Investigations, which includes the Major Crimes Division. Newly appointed Sheriff Emery Gainey declined to say why he sidelined the two men, but did say through a news release that neither is the subject of an internal affairs investigation.
“Sheriff Gainey knows these are tough decisions during very difficult times, but Sheriff Gainey is dedicated to the task of providing a stable and professional law enforcement agency for the citizens of Marion County,” the release said.
Nothing has been said about Chief Deputy Fred LaTorre, the No. 2 man at the agency. LaTorre was once a chief of staff under former Sheriff Ed Dean and had retired before returning to serve under Blair.
Gov. Rick Scott suspended Blair on Friday, the same day the sheriff was booked into his own jail on three felony counts. Blair was released and now awaits trial.
A grand jury indicted Blair on two counts of perjury and one count of official misconduct. The charges stem from what the panel calls knowingly false statements Blair made, both in grand jury testimony and in a federal court affidavit, concerning what he saw the day Dustin Heathman was arrested following a violent encounter with the SWAT team.
Collectively, Blair, Maines, Bibb and LaTorre are known within the agency as the “Four Horsemen.” Three of the four – Blair, LaTorre and Bibb – previously worked for Dean in high-ranking posts. Maines worked for the Florida Department of Law Enforcement.
In his inaugural speech, delivered when he was sworn in as sheriff in January 2013, Blair told the audience that he was bringing back the men, who were all retired, because “I ran on my platform that experience matters.” Maines was given the newly created position of heading the Bureau of Professional Standards.
The appointments met some criticism inside and outside the agency, in part because all earned more than $100,000 per year plus some benefits.
A little more than a year later, Bibb interfered in a traffic stop involving Matthew Tillander, the son of a Blair supporter, who had been pulled over by a deputy on suspicion of DUI. Bibb was suspended for two days without pay.
Maines, a regular on social media sites, was counseled by Blair for telling a citizens' group that the county commissioners were "arrogant sons of (expletive)" in 2013.
While the interim sheriff makes his preliminary moves — he continued swearing in employees on Saturday, a process he began on Friday — Blair was busy on other fronts.
Contacted by the Star-Banner, well-known Gainesville lawyer Bill DeCarlis, of DeCarlis & Sawyer, said he and Blair are “talking about” representation. The lawyer declined further comment.
DeCarlis' partner, Mike Sawyer, represented Trevor Fitzgerald, one of the Marion Oaks 5 group indicted for their roles in the mistreatment of drug suspect Derrick Price.
Though Fitzgerald and another deputy didn't hit Price during his arrest, they along with two other deputies pleaded guilty to federal charges and have been sentenced to prison. The fifth person, Jesse Terrell, was acquitted by a federal jury in April but earlier had been dismissed from the Sheriff's Office.
Sawyer also represents sheriff's Sgt. Timothy Liberatore, one of several deputies whose files have been subpoenaed as part of a wide-ranging investigation of the Sheriff's Office.
Blair has not said anything publicly.
On his wife's Facebook page is a profile of a lion and above it are the words “we will let it loose.”
Below the caption is a quote from St. Augustine: “The truth is like a lion. You don't have to defend it. Let it loose. It will defend itself.”
•••
Cody Hoppel, one of the Marion Oaks 5, admitted in federal court that he punched Heathman in the face during his arrest. Hoppel says two fellow SWAT members were present at that time, and at least one of them also struck a blow.
Sheriff's Office officials said Hoppel's admission in the Heathman case surprised them, as no one had said anything about a beating. They said Heathman never filed a complaint.
Heathman said he did complain, but his pleas were ignored.
According to a transcript of an interview Heathman gave about his treatment, he said he was struck several times and was afraid to be transported in a sheriff's vehicle after his arrest.
While at the Marion County Jail on Sept. 1, 2014, Heathman filed a complaint to the sheriff. He said he did not get a response.
A letter addressed to Blair and dated Sept. 23, 2014, from the state Attorney General's Office, states that it received correspondence from Heathman and asked the Sheriff's Office to “please handle as you deem appropriate.”
The next day Heathman sent another complaint form, this time asking for an Internal Affairs investigation regarding his arrest. Again, he said, there was no response.
Heathman said that when he was sitting in the back of a sheriff's cruiser the day of his arrest, Blair was at the location. The sheriff was there to make a video describing the standoff.
Blair's indictment states he was so close to Heathman that he had to step back to let Heathman and the deputies pass by. But that's not what he told the grand jury.
Contact Austin L. Miller at 867-4118, austin.miller@starbanner.com or @almillerosb.
I'm going to go on record as the first person this year to state that without a doubt Patriots quarterback Tom Brady is done. Over the hill. Hopeless. He's looking like the Pillsbury Doughboy and playing like 2011 Colt McCoy, and I'm not sure which is more insulting.
Player Tom Brady Colt McCoy Age 36 24 Year 2013 2011 Tm NWE CLE W 6 3 L 2 5 Cmp 171 177 Att 307 308 Cmp% 55.70% 57.47% Yds 1824 1764 TD 9 10 Int 6 6 Rate 74.9 76.5
As it stands, the Patriots only have a two game lead in the AFC East, which is an entire half game less than the league's largest distance the Bengals have in the AFC North. It's clear New England is standing at the precipice of disaster and all the fault lies with the impotent arm of Tom Brady.
Through eight games, Brady's setting some near record lows. His career-low Passer Rating is sitting at a paltry 74.9, nearly 5 whole points lower than his disastrous 2003 season. His completion rate is also at a career low at 55.7%- His next four worst completion ratings through 8 games were in 2006 (58%), 2004 (59.7%), 2003 (60.3%), and 2001 (62.5%). His current touchdown count (9) is his lowest since 2003 (8) and 2001 (10).
That this year is going as poorly as This is a scary thought, and the fact that players like Reche Caldwell, Daniel Graham, and Doug Gabriel aren't going to walk through the locker room door pretty much spells doom for this franchise.
Please note that the Patriots are tied for their third worst start in the Brady era.
Make sure you point out the fact that the Patriots receiving corps are their most inexperienced since Rob Gronkowski's rookie season (fun fact: this marks the first season Brady isn't throwing to a receiver over the age of 30. The oldest receiver is Danny Amendola, who turns 28 on November 2nd).
Whatever you do, make it clear that the Patriots are on pace for the same record as last season, when they couldn't even make the Super Bowl.
And this is all Brady's fault.
I blame him for all the injuries to Danny Amendola, Aaron Dobson, Matthew Slater, Dan Connolly, Sebastian Vollmer, Shane Vereen, Leon Washington, Stevan Ridley, Rob Gronkowski, Vince Wilfork, Tommy Kelly, Jerod Mayo, Kyle Arrington, Alfonzo Dennard, Aqib Talib, and Adrian Wilson.
I blame him Ridley's fumbles, the miscommunications on the offensive line, the porous nature of the defensive line's core, and Bill Belichick's grumpy face.
I blame him for Wes Welker going to the Broncos, the Chiefs going undefeated, Marvin Jones scoring four touchdowns last week, and the deplorable state of my fantasy football team (even though I have Eli Manning at quarterback, instead of Brady).
I blame him for pushing Will Svitek on the overtime field goal against the Jets, for all these notions that the Patriots are no longer the dominant team in the AFC East, and for every single lousy update to Tweetdeck and my Facebook news feed.
This season is all Brady's fault, and I just wanted to be the first one to point that out. Because no matter what happens the rest of the year, with Gronkowski getting back up to speed, Amendola recovering from his groin injury, Vereen getting back on the field, Ridley getting his playing time inevitably increased, and the defense playing with half a roster, Tom Brady is the reason for them being where they currently are.
And even though the trading deadline is passed, it might be in the Patriots best interest to call up San Francisco to see if Colt McCoy is available to play out the rest of the season.
Sunset Hills resident Alwal "Al" Moore has donated the $2 million, 10-acre former Paraclete property to the Lindbergh School District, the school district announced Thursday.
The school district will have a 50-year lease on the property at the cost of $1 per year, according to a news release from the school district.
The estate of "Papa" Joe Griesedieck once served as home to the Paraclete Fathers. Moore, a longtime resident who served as the city's first fire marshal, bought the property in an effort to preserve the land and its buildings. He has unsuccessfully tried to develop the property to serve as a city park, community library, even home to the Children's Illustrated Art Museum.
Moore told Suburban Journals in March that he was still seeking historical status for four buildings on the property (out of a total of 10).
"We are grateful to Mr. Moore for his overwhelming generosity, which could not have come at a better time, considering our aggressive student growth. This property offers historical value and cultural opportunities for residents, educators, and several generations of children. It is a place where they can learn and grow, and appreciate the history of their local community," Superintendent Dr. Jim Simpson said in the release.
Tourists will soon stop looking for their lost shaker of salt on lower Decatur Street. Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville at Storyville is set close its doors on June 30. A B.B. King's Blues Club is slated to take over the space.
Several employees of Margaritaville told NoDef that staff were informed of the closure at a meeting on Wednesday (6.03) morning. A visit to the establishment confirmed the story. Calls to management were not returned. No cause for the closing was provided; some people say that there was a woman to blame, but NoDef suspects that it was their own damn fault.
A B.B. King's Blues Club will occupy the space with an expected opening in mid to late fall. Tommy Peters, President of B.B. King's says that comapny spent nearly 15 years searching for a NOLA location before finding the Decatur St. spot.
Peters says that the King's will be employing local musicians. New Orleans' Brooks Graham, the architect behind Herbsaint and Cochon, will design the venue. One element that will not be entirely local is the food. Peters notes that he is looking forward to bringing some authentic Memphis barbeque to the Crescent City.
The trop-rock mecca occupied the space at 1104 Decatur Street since the early 90's. Local musicians such as Coco Robichaux and Colin Lake played many of their early gigs at the venue. Last year, the adjacent Margaritaville gift shop closed, a move that was attributed to a rent increase.
Prior to Buffet's acquisition, the property was the site of the legendary Storyville Jazz Hall.
By: Mike Wall
Published: 01/10/2013 05:30 PM EST on SPACE.com
Astronomers have crowned the universe's largest known spiral galaxy, a spectacular behemoth five times bigger than our own Milky Way.
The title-holder is now NGC 6872, a barred spiral found 212 million light-years away in the southern constellation Pavo, researchers announced today (Jan. 10). The distance between NGC 6872's two huge spiral arms is 522,000 light-years, compared to about 100,000 light-years for the Milky Way.
NGC 6872 has ranked among the largest known spiral galaxies for decades. But it has only now been crowned champion, after detailed study of data gathered by a number of instruments, including NASA's Galaxy Evolution Explorer spacecraft, or GALEX.
"Without GALEX's ability to detect the ultraviolet light of the youngest, hottest stars, we would never have recognized the full extent of this intriguing system," lead scientist Rafael Eufrasio, of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md., and the Catholic University of America, said in a statement. [Photos: 65 All-Time Great Galaxy Hits]
Eufrasio presented the results today at the 221st meeting of the American Astronomical Society in Long Beach, Calif. He stressed that spirals bigger than NGC 6872 may be out there, still waiting to be spotted and studied in depth.
NCG 6872's enormous size and odd appearance are the consequence of its gravitational interaction with a neighbor galaxy called IC 4970, which contains just 20 percent of NGC 6872's mass, researchers said.
Computer simulations suggest that IC 4970 made its closest approach about 130 million years ago, stirring up a burst of activity in certain parts of NCG 6872.
"The northeastern arm of NGC 6872 is the most disturbed and is rippling with star formation, but at its far end, visible only in the ultraviolet, is an object that appears to be a tidal dwarf galaxy similar to those seen in other interacting systems," Duilia de Mello, a professor of astronomy at Catholic University, said in a statement.
NGC 6872's bar, which links the galaxy's arms and its central regions, is also huge. With a radius of 26,000 light-years, it's about twice as big as the bars of nearby spirals, researchers said. No evidence of recent star formation is apparent in NGC 6872's bar, suggesting that it formed several billion years ago or more.
The $150 million GALEX mission launched in April 2003 to study the history of star formation in the universe. NASA stopped funding the mission in February 2011, and in May 2012 it handed the spacecraft's reins over to the California Institute of Technology, which is keeping the mission going with private funds.
Follow SPACE.com senior writer Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall or SPACE.com @Spacedotcom. We're also on Facebook and Google+.
Copyright 2013 SPACE.com, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Screenshot by Dara Kerr/CNET
As Congress readies for what's sure to be a heated debate over the controversial cybersecurity bill CISPA, leaders in the tech community are speaking out.
Unsurprisingly, a known activist for Internet freedom and Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian is one of those leading the charge. In a comical video released today in conjunction with digital rights advocate group Fight for the Future, Ohanian calls on tech CEOs to join his cause (see below).
"I'm hoping all of these tech companies take the stand that their privacy policies matter. Their users' privacy matters," Ohanian said in the video. "And no legislation like CISPA should take that away."
The video shows Ohanian calling Google and asking the operator if he could speak with CEO Larry Page. After being on hold for nearly an hour, he is told by the operator that there is no Larry Page at Google. Then she says Page isn't around. Apparently, Ohanian tried to call Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and Twitter CEO Dick Costolo and had similar results.
Ohanian ends the video by calling on U.S. residents to sign an anti-CISPA petition. "Since we couldn't get a hold of the deciders, maybe you can. Sign the petition, get on the social media, because this is what defeated SOPA and PIPA and this is what will defeat CISPA," he says. "Internet freedom and Internet privacy matters."
The Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act, or CISPA, is controversial because it overrules all existing federal and state laws by saying "notwithstanding any other provision of law," companies may share information "with any other entity, including the federal government." This language has alarmed dozens of advocacy groups, including the American Library Association, the ACLU, the Electronic Frontier Foundation, and Reporters Without Borders.
A version of CISPA was approved by Congress last year but did not receive the vote in Senate. Undaunted, Rep. Mike Rogers, a Michigan Republican and influential chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, reintroduced CISPA last month. It's supported by AT&T, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Verizon, Intel, IBM, Comcast, and industry trade associations. Rogers said his legislation is necessary to head off cyberattacks from China and other sources.
While Ohanian contacted Facebook in the video released today, the social network already announced last month that it would no longer support CISPA. Despite having withdrawn support, however, Facebook has not stated opposition to the legislation. Google and Twitter have not made public statements regarding their stance on the bill either.
The U.S. House Intelligence Committee held a closed-door markup of CISPA today and a full congressional vote could come as soon as next week. Stay tuned to CNET for more information on today's meeting.
TORONTO, ON—When Bill Smitherson strolled in 1.5 hours late for his job interview with the TTC yesterday, hiring manager Rick Beland knew they had their man.
"We interviewed four other people and he was by far the latest," explains Beland. "Some people just have it."
Other interviewees had extensive experience working with New York City transit, but weren't hired for fear of the immense effort that would be required to retrain them out of their bad habits.
During the interview, Smitherson nailed the other criteria one might expect.
Asked his greatest weakness, Smitherson said, "Transit." Asked where he wants to be in five years, he made outlandish claims about being the best employee in the world with no clear plan or resources to get there.
Smitherson had also somehow obtained a TTC uniform, which meant all training had effectively already been completed.
"He holds the same values that we at the TTC hold," explains Beland. "He's late every day, he has that real 'can't do' attitude, and he strives to say that he's looking to improve but makes no measurable effort to do so."
Even as a child, Smitherson exhibited traits that would ultimately lead him to his future career.
"When he played with his model train set, he was always doing random maintenance on it instead of just driving it," explains Smitherson's mother, Deborah. "The trains would basically never run."
Today was Smitherson's first day on the job. This morning he announced that he was running behind and that he'd update his boss as more information became available.
Don't miss anything from CBC Comedy - like us on Facebook.
There are many arguments for and against the use of hydrogen as a fuel for vehicles. One of the biggest obstacles that has prevented the gas from becoming commonplace is storage. As a gas, hydrogen is very energy dense but requires heavy, thick-walled tanks to contain it. Liquified, its energy density plummets to a quarter of that of petrol. Scientists think the solution lies in nano-engineered sponges.
The US Department of Energy set scientists a challenge five years ago, to develop a material that could hold 6% of its own weight in hydrogen. Researchers at the University of Crete have beaten that target, coming up with a theoretical material that can hold 6.1% of its weight in the gas.
In theory, the material would consist of atom-thick carbon sheets called graphene (see photo above). These sheets would be separated by carbon nanotube pillars just 1.2-nanometers tall. The sponge would be coated, or “doped”, with positively charged lithium ions which would enhance its hold on the gas.
The sponge would be capable of storing hydrogen at normal temperature and pressure, without the need for a heavy-duty storage tank. This is a crucial factor if we hope to use hydrogen in smaller applications such as home heating, or even to power our gadgets.
Sources:
NewScientist and DoE's National Hydrogen Storage Project
NO,
The miniature giraffe in the Russian Direct TV commercial is NOT REAL! it is a computer animation trick.
No, Not like the one on the commercial, but yes there are 'smaller' giraffes, there really are certain giraffes that are smaller than the main species you find in Africa, but a 'miniature giraffe' is just a wee bit smaller than an actual giraffe, so don't plan on sticking it in your purse and taking it to the mall. The smallest giraffe you will find is a newborn, and they are about 5 ft tall.
Click on the link below to see the Direct TV ad.
There are no miniature giraffes. Sad but true. It is just a clever marketing campaign by Direct TV that has now worked its way onto Facebook. Direct TV had a miniature giraffe in one of their ads and interest was so high they created a website of a farm in Russia that claims to breed them. Even have a giraffe cam where you can watch the little critters live! Except you can't see them. That's because they're not real. Real cute though.
NO,
Not like the one on the commercial, but yes there are 'smaller giraffes', Just as there are Bulldogs and toy bulldogs that are bred,
or miniature chameleons that are a different species than the larger ones more commonly found in nature.
There really are certain giraffes that are smaller than the main species you find in Africa, but a 'miniature giraffe' is just a wee bit smaller than an actual giraffe, so don't plan on sticking it in your purse and taking it to the mall.
The miniature giraffe in the Russian Direct TV commercial is NOT REAL! it is a computer animation trick. Click on the link below to see the ad.
You have seen the commercial with the small giraffe have you? Well the answer is no sorry. I really wish they were real because I'm a giraffe lover! But there are baby giraffes! they're small but not miniature, and will eventually grow to be a full size giraffe.
2 people found this useful
OnLabor will soon launch a new feature providing coverage of labor news from the “gig” – or “sharing” – economy. Similar to our Fast Food News feature, Gig News will consolidate stories with important labor implications from these emerging sectors of the labor market.
In anticipation of our first installment, it is worth posting here Judge Chen's recent order denying Uber Technologies' motion for summary judgement in Uber Technologies, Inc. v. O'Connor. The question in this litigation is the fundamental one: are Uber drivers employees or independent contractors? Proceeding under California law, and applying the Borello standard, Judge Chen holds that the “most significant consideration” in a case like this one is the putative employer's “right to control the work details.” After an extensive review of the record – one that provides an illuminating picture of Uber and the relationship between Uber and its drivers – Judge Chen determines that “the Court cannot conclude as a matter of law that Plaintiffs are Uber's independent contractors rather than their employees” and so he denies Uber's summary judgment motion. Along the way, Judge Chen rejects many of Uber's primary claims, including that Uber is a “technology company” rather than a “transportation company.”
Perhaps the highlight of the order comes when the court addresses Uber's assertion that it does not monitor drivers sufficiently to warrant a finding of employment. Judge Chen writes:
Uber drivers . . . are monitored by Uber customers (for Uber's benefit, as Uber uses the customer rankings to make decisions regarding which drivers to fire) during each and every ride they give, and Uber's application data can similarly be used to constantly monitor certain aspects of a driver's behavior. This level of monitoring, where drivers are potentially observable at all times, arguably gives Uber a tremendous amount of control over the ‘manner and means' of its drivers' performance.
The citation for this part of the court's holding? A cf. to Michel Foucalt's, Discipline and Punish.
This will be an interesting case to watch, one with critical implications for gig and sharing economy jobs. We'll have updates as the litigation progresses.
Related
© 2019 On Labor | http://onlabor.org/uber-the-gig-economy-and-labor/
It was recently announced that Anheuser-Busch plans to acquire Bend, Oregon's 10 Barrel Brewery, once again firing up the craft vs. crafty debate. The term “crafty” here is a reference to a big brewery's attempt at masquerading as a small craft brewery, and it was used most prominently by the Brewers Association in a press release entitled “Craft vs. Crafty: A Statement from the Brewers Association,” which they issued in December of 2012.
In this release, the Brewers Association accused the large brewers of “attempting to blur the lines between their crafty, craft-like beers and true craft beers from today's small and independent brewers.” Crafty is now a commonly used term amongst the craft beer cognoscenti, especially when one of the big brewers acquires a small craft brewery.
While the craft vs. crafty debate has now reached fever pitch, it has been simmering for 20 years. In fact, the debate started in earnest in 1994, and if you look at the years prior, it is easy to see why we can look to that time as the origin of the craft vs. crafty battle.
Craft Brewing's Early Successes
Most point to Fritz Maytag's revival of the Anchor Brewing Company in 1965 as the first craft brewery in the U.S. At the time, Maytag and his brewery were outliers—only a handful of breweries would join him in producing craft beer in the decades to come. It would be many years before the craft beer segment would start to really gain ground in the late '80s and early '90s, as Americans embraced affordable luxuries.
In 1987, for example, craft brewing represented only 0.1% of the total beer market (according to “The Market for Craft and Specialty Beer,” a lengthy analysis put together by Find/SVP Publishing in 1997). The category would continue to grow year over year, until in 1994 it had reached 1.3% of the total beer market.
David Edgar, then director of the Institute for Brewing Studies, wrote an article for The New Brewer in 1995 called “Craft Brewing: Fastest Growth in the Industry.” He points out that following “three years of 35 to 40 percent growth, the craft-brewing industry surged by 50 percent in 1994 for a total of 2.5 million barrels sales.” And breweries weren't closing their doors at a high rate either, though that would come later. In 1994, only seven small breweries closed, and three states—Hawaii, Wyoming and South Carolina—saw their first brewpubs open.
The top 10 craft breweries of the time, as reported by the Institute for Brewing Sciences in 1995, were as follows: Boston Beer Co., Pete's Brewing Co., Sierra Nevada Brewing Co., Anchor Brewing Co., Redhook Ale Brewery, Hart Brewing Co., Full Sail Brewing Co., Widmer Brewing Co., Portland Brewing Co. and Spanish Peaks Brewing Co.
Anheuser-Busch's Specialty Brewing Group & Redhook Acquisition
While that 1.3% growth may seem insignificant—especially by today's standards, when craft beer is nearing 10% of the beer market—the big brewers took notice. In 1994, Anheuser-Busch formed a Specialty Brewing Group that was “dedicated to creating hand-crafted beers” (it's important to note that the term specialty beer was often synonymous with craft beer at this time).
The first such beer was Red Wolf, a red lager that, in its first year, managed to capture 38% of the burgeoning category of “red beers.” The next year would bring craftier styles like the Michelob Amber Bock and Michelob HefeWeizen, as well as a series of American Originals that were modeled after the beers that Adolphus Busch brewed at the turn of the century. These included American Hop Ale, brewed with American Fuggle and Cluster hops; Faust Golden Lager, an all-malt beer hopped with Cascade and Saaz; a Black and Tan, which was not a blend of beers but rather a straight-forward porter; and Muenchener, an amber lager.
These were initially marketed in test markets like Seattle, Denver, Colorado and Washington before being rolled out to other cities. Of the specialty beers they unveiled in 1995, Michelob Amber Bock was the most popular. It quickly took its place behind Red Wolf as the brewery's second best-selling specialty beer.
Anheuser-Busch also took aim at two popular regional beers at the time. The brewery's website in 1996 advertised their Zeigenbock Amber as a “Texas-style bock beer” that was only available in the Lone Star State, and their Pacific Ridge Pale Ale as “the distinctive ale brewed in Northern California exclusively for California beer drinkers.” The former was meant to compete with Shiner Bock, the latter with Sierra Nevada Pale Ale. Pacific Ridge Pale Ale also benefitted from a $2-3 million ad campaigns, though the brand did not last for a considerable amount of time.
The Specialty Brewing Group's website, which can still be accessed using the Internet Archive's Wayback Machine, had information about all of these beers as well as others that they imported, like the Carlsberg line. A page on the site was devoted to the Elk Mountain Hop Farm, from which grew the aroma hops used in Elk Mountain Amber Ale and Elk Mountain Red. If this hop farm sounds familiar to you, it's because there was a glut of recent coverage about the farm after Goose Island Brewery—which was acquired by Anheuser-Busch in 2011—invited a host of beer writers to come tour the field over the summer of 2014.
Another interesting feature of the website was its “Ask The Brewmaster” page, through which Steven Michalak and Mitch Steele, brewers of Anheuser-Busch's specialty lines, would answer questions sent in by the site's visitors. Ironically, Steele is now the brewmaster at San Diego's Stone Brewing Co., which often decries industrial brewers and their “fizzy, yellow beer” (more on Steele later).
In 1994, the same year that Anheuser-Busch formed the Specialty Brewing Group, it also acquired a 25% ownership stake in Redhook Ale Brewery. Redhook was already one of the largest regional craft breweries in the country in terms of production, and the deal with Anheuser-Busch allowed them to go “from 21 states at the end of September 1995 to 47 states at the end of September 1996” according to The Market for Craft and Specialty Beer.
Miller Brewing Co.'s Reserve Line and Specialty Group
Like their rivals at Anheuser-Busch, Miller Brewing Co. also entered the specialty beer market in the early '90s. In 1993, Miller introduced a Miller Reserve family that included Miller Reserve Lager and Reserve Light as the line's original beers. A Reserve Amber Ale came shortly thereafter, and then in February of 1994 the brewery introduced the Miller Reserve Velvet Stout, which, according to a press release, was “brewed in the tradition of the great English and Irish stouts.”
It seems Miller didn't commit to any of these beers for very long. While I can't find anything from the brewery announcing the line's cessation, I did find the following question and answer in the Ask the Brewmaster section of Anheuser-Busch's Specialty Brewing Group website.
Miller didn't give the Reserve Line much time in the market, perhaps after realizing that craft or specialty beer drinkers didn't want to drink something with the Miller brand. As Philip Van Munching noted in his 1997 book Beer Blast: The Inside Story of the Brewing Industry's Bizarre Battles for Your Money, the problem with big breweries offering new labels was that “some consumers will have pre-conceived notions about anything you sell.”
So it was, that in 1995, they too set up their own subsidiary called the American Specialty and Craft Beer Co. Just a year after Budweiser's deal with Redhook, Miller incorporated three craft breweries under this umbrella company: the Celis Brewery, which is now defunct; the Shipyard Brewing Company, which it sold off in 2000; and the Jacob Leinenkugel Brewing Co., which it actually purchased in 1988 and still owns.
Through the language used on the American Specialty and Craft Beer Co.'s website, it was clear this new subsidiary wanted to distance itself as much as possible from its parent company. The “What We Do” featured the following text:
“When it comes to actually brewing beer, we don't (except maybe at home). We may stir the pot of ideas, but it's strictly hands-off the hops. Our goal is to make it a little easier for our partner brewers to make and sell the same beer they've always made, and get it into the hands of more people who will enjoy it. Our partnerships are forged with small, local breweries that have made a name for themselves in their home markets. These breweries and their beers are the real heroes at American Specialty & Craft Beer Company. Each was chosen for its exceptional brews, and each pledged to continue making the beer that brought them their cult-like fame.”
They had tried their own hand at brewing craft beers and failed, so the next step was to acquire brewers that had already established themselves. Leinenkugel and Celis certainly had, and though Shipyard opened just a year prior to being acquired by Miller, the brewery had seen a 211% growth from 1994 to 1995. In the same year that Shipyard reached a “strategic alliance” with Miller, the Institute for Brewing Studies ranked them as the 18th largest craft brewery in the country.
Yet Miller hadn't yet given up on brewing its own specialty beers entirely. It was around this time that the company started producing Red Dog and Icehouse under the Plank Road Brewery name. And the brewery was just that—a name. Though it referenced Frederick Miller's original brewery, both Red Dog and Icehouse were produced by Miller. Both beers initially sold well for the brewery. As Van Munching noted in Beer Blast, these beers benefitted from “the cost-efficiencies of mass production and real distribution clout—without any of the potential drawbacks associated with being called a Miller brand.”
See more on the following pages
TOKYO - Three points in Melbourne on Tuesday - by a big margin - is the equation now for the Socceroos when they return to Australia to play Thailand after a 2-0 defeat in Saitama against Japan.
A late first-half goal from Asan Takuma, which caught Brad Smith napping at the far post, and a late thunderbolt from Yosuke Ideguchi meant the hosts became the first nation from Asia's Group B to seal a spot at the 2018 World Cup in Russia, to a simply raucous response from the home fans, joining Iran at next year's tournament.
Japan cannot be caught now in Group B, top on 20 points ahead of a trip to Saudi Arabia.
Socceroos fall to Japan 1:56
Critically, the Saudis, level on 16 points with Australia, and now with a superior goal difference of +6 to Australia's + 4 after this defeat in Saitama, will know exactly what they need to do to edge Australia into the top two, because they play after the Socceroos' clash with the Thais has concluded. It becomes imperative, therefore, that the Socceroos win well.
ANALYSIS: Bozza tears into ‘ridiculous' Ange calls
REACTION: Ange cops blame for Socceroos' costly WCQ moment
RATINGS: The Socceroos brutally exposed by Japan
Japan stunner sinks Roos 0:47
It was a formidable display from the Samurai Blue at home; there'd been much criticism of Vlahid Halilhodzic's style leading into the game, but with such a disciplined, intelligent defensive display it is hard to see how Japan fans will care with the spot in Russia.
There's a reason Japan have only lost once at Saitama Stadium in 24 World Cup qualifiers, with the stadium, clad all in blue despite a small section in gold, creating hair raising noise from over an hour before kick-off. Takuma's goal sparked a deafening noise.
Japan's silky opening goal 0:55
The home ground advantage was clear from the off, with the hosts coming out of the blocks, and their supporters surged with them.
Australia, however, weathered the early storm before the game became an intriguing, tight, tense tactical showdown. The hosts threw the challenge down to their rivals to break them down, and were ready to pounce quickly in transition as well.
Robbie Kruse's surprise inclusion provided the Socceroos with movement that threatened to stretch the Samurai Blue defence, but while Australia was composed in possession, the best chance fashioned in the first-half came via a shot from distance from Mathew Leckie that hit the post.
Australian players react to Japan's second goal. Source: AFP
Ultimately, while Kruse provided an outlet for the side, they struggled to create clear-cut moments, with James Troisi and Tom Rogic well contained, with the former switched on the hour to bring Tomi Juric on to provide a focal point for Kruse and Rogic in behind him.
Japan, on the other hand, seized upon their momentum on the cusp of the break, with Asano Takuma punishing Smith with a brilliant run in behind to prod home off Yuto Nagatomo's killer ball from the left.
Japan coach goes ballistic 0:44
It was much the same in the second period – engaging, absorbing, and ultimately, disappointing.
With their goal advantage, the hosts were content to continue to absorb and by the time Postecoglou had unleashed his two main strikers, Eiji Kawashima hadn't truly been tested with a major save.
Juric started to pose another challenge for the hosts to contend with, Leckie was dangerous down the right and Kruse's movement from deeper threatened and he shrugged off Nagatomo creating a huge chance with Juric lurking at the back post, and Tim Cahill, a 70th minute substitute to a healthy round of Japanese boos, in the mix as well.
Sainsbury's incredible block 0:30
Here's how the game unfolded.
THE KEY MOMENTS
EARLY ONSLAUGHT, THEN COMPELLING
Hiroki Sakho threw himself at an early corner as Australia had to weather a blistering opening two minutes from the hosts.
Once Australia settled, it was compelling. When Australia had the ball, the hosts retreated, looking to transition extremely quickly when they won it back, and picking their moments carefully to press. But the Socceroos were looking as composed on the ball to start a World Cup qualifier as they have in a long time.
But it was Japan who created two more early half chances: Takashi Injui found himself in too much space on the right and curled a shot just wide of the far post. Then Sainsbury needed to be incredibly alert to shut down Yuya Osaka.
JAPAN TAKE THE HALF TIME LEAD AFTER ARM WRESTLE
Japan were willing to cede the ball to the Socceroos, with Australia only looking vulnerable when turning it over under pressure, exposed to Japan's vibrant transition.
Massimo Luongo and Jackson Irvine were composed in the heart of the field, and after half an hour, the Socceroos started to pose their own questions – often thanks to Kruse's movement, but also with Leckie's intervention on the right.
Osaka forced a regulation save from Ryan, then Leckie struck the post with a deflected shot.
But after both sides enjoyed pockets of momentum, the Samurai Blue seized the moment.
Yuto Nagatomo curled a delightful ball from the left, with Smith left in the lurch as Takuma – who had been challenging him all half – snuck in behind to finish coolly.
Troisi's cheeky nutmeg 0:25
START TO THE SECOND-HALF
It started with a half scare for the hosts when Maya Yoshida and keeper Kawashima almost had a mix up, as Kruse lurked to pounce on a quick pass from Leckie into the box.
Again, however, dominance ebbed and flowed in the most even, engaging of contests.
Leckie was involved soon after, getting himself into an attacking area, dinking a very dangerous ball to the back post.
He then had to show his defensive wherewithal in the 55th minute, tucking in almost onto the penalty spot to deny Inui the chance to latch onto cut-back from the byline.
Mathew Leckie hits the post 0:38
Play by play.
Getty
Anyone who has suffered from back pain knows that when the throbbing gets bad enough, you'll try anything to find relief  heating pads, acupuncture, pain relievers, physical therapy, even poking yourself with toothpicks.
What?
Yes, toothpicks. Researchers at the Group Health Center for Health Studies in Seattle found that "fake" acupuncture using toothpicks instead of needles was as effective as the traditional Chinese healing method for relieving back pain. (See pictures of spiritual healing around the world.)
Daniel Cherkin, a senior investigator at the center, gathered 638 patients with chronic low back pain, none of whom had ever had acupuncture, and gave them one of three different acupuncture treatments. One group received individual care in the classic model of the ancient Chinese practice in which the acupuncturist analyzes the patient's overall health by studying his body and lifestyle, taking his pulse and looking at his tongue (practitioners believe that the condition of a person's tongue is indicative of his total health state) and designs a customized set of acupuncture points that are most likely to relieve pain.
Another group received acupuncture at standardized points, which experienced practitioners agree can help the majority of back-pain sufferers. A final group received the toothpick treatment. These patients were poked with toothpicks inserted through the acupuncture needle tube at the standard points  but unlike with traditional acupuncture, practitioners did not penetrate the patient's skin. Instead, they pricked and then twirled the toothpick to simulate a needle going in.
None of the patients in any of the groups knew which treatment they were receiving; all were blindfolded and lay face down with their head in a face cradle when the treatments were given. Each patient received 10 treatments over seven weeks. A control group of similar back-pain patients were told to continue doing whatever it was they did to relieve their pain, whether it was taking over-the-counter pain relievers or using massage or chiropractic services. The acupuncture patients were also allowed to continue using pain relievers if they were already taking them. (Read about the top 10 medical breakthroughs of 2008.)
Cherkin and his team followed up with the patients at eight weeks, 26 weeks and a year after their sessions to find out how much pain they were experiencing. After eight weeks, twice the number of patients getting any type of acupuncture  whether it was customized, standard or sham  reported improvements in their ability to function, such as walking or going up and down steps without pain, compared with those sticking with traditional care. That improvement was expected, to a certain extent, since physicians are increasingly aware that acupuncture does have physiological effects on the body. "There is a lot of data now that acupuncture can have an effect on the nervous system, and that the nervous system then has effects on other systems in the body," says Dr. Richard Nahin, acting director of the division of extramural research at the National Institutes of Health's National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine.
More surprising was the fact that all three acupuncture services, including the sham version with toothpicks, had about the same effect on pain reduction. It's worth remembering that the toothpicks were used at the same points involved in the standard acupuncture treatment  that is, practitioners were not pricking their patients at random. A year after the treatments, all of the acupuncture patients reported an average 63% improvement in pain relief, while half of the untreated patients reported feeling better. "Everyone agrees that acupuncture is having some physiological effect. But we still don't understand how it might be working," says Nahin.
Cherkin's findings raise at least two possible explanations. Since the sham procedure used the same acupuncture points as the legitimate therapy, there may be something about the stimulation of those points, even without skin penetration, that triggers a beneficial physiological reaction in the body and the nervous system, leading to pain relief. (This may be the mechanism behind acupressure, which involves pressing certain points on the body to alter physiological processes occurring deep inside organs.) Or the patients' improvement may be due simply to a powerful placebo effect, in which the mere belief that you are receiving a new pain-relieving treatment leads to actual reduction of symptoms. "What is it about the therapeutic experience that really helps people? This study raises the question that if there are pathways to relief that work more through mind than through the body, why should it matter from the perspective of patients?" says Cherkin.
That's especially salient considering that the acupuncture groups in Cherkin's study experienced relief much faster than the non-acupuncture group. At eight weeks, 60% of the acupuncture patients reported improved symptoms, compared with 40% of the untreated group. At the end of a year, the same percentage of treated patients still experienced relief, while 50% of the untreated group experienced improved symptoms. (See pictures of holistic healing.)
Since most back patients seek help when they're experiencing extreme pain, fast-acting acupuncture may be a reasonable option for them. A year ago, experts at the American College of Physicians and the American Pain Society sanctioned it when they included acupuncture in their recommended treatments for back-pain sufferers. "This study is consistent with those recommendations that if pain relievers aren't helping you, then acupuncture is a reasonable choice," says Nahin.
And while these results suggest that you might not even need the full-fledged needle-penetrating version to find relief, no physician is quite ready to recommend pricking yourself with toothpicks. "Further studies are going to have to tease out the relative magnitude of the placebo effect from the physiological effects of acupuncture," says Nahin. "But for patients, what the study tells you is that if you are having pain that is not being well managed by standard care, then acupuncture is a viable option for you."
See pictures of facial yoga.
Watch TIME's video "Getting Botox at Home."
Gun control proposals are part of a grander scheme
by Dan Lucas
Oregon's “universal background check” gun control bill, SB 1551, is being promoted as a reasonable step toward ending gun violence. Gun control advocates have learned to use safe sounding words to mask their incremental drive toward their long term goal. Like progressives whose true end goal is a U.K. style single payer, government-run health care system, gun control advocates are constantly pursuing an end goal they rarely name: U.K. style complete gun control. A U.K. which the BBC says “has some of the toughest gun control laws in the world,” but also a U.K. that Bloomberg News notes has a violent crime rate more than double that of the U.S.
And so gun control advocates have learned to use terms like “common sense gun law”, “responsible gun ownership”, “closing loopholes” and “sensible laws and public policy that address gun violence”.
But any compromise is dangerous, because gun control advocates have abused the goodwill of gun rights supporters. Gun control advocates have demonstrated that they're not actually interested in compromise, and they've learned how to “boil the frog” — how to pursue their gun control aims incrementally. Each individual increment may seem reasonable in and of itself, but it never ends there.
Gun control advocates have also learned how to exploit tragedies. After certain high profile tragedies that involve firearms they will move for more incremental gun control progress. As we saw last year in Oregon, the legislation doesn't even have to address the particular tragedy — the four major gun control bills that were being pushed had no relation at all to the tragedies at Clackamas and in Connecticut.
It isn't that it's needed, it's just what they can get through for now: Gun control advocates do not follow a rational discovery process. They start with a goal they feel is a good one, and then they backfill justifications. A recent example of this is Oregon's SB 1551. In addition to not solving any issues related to the tragedies at Clackamas and in Connecticut, there was no real problem or study that resulted in a call for “universal background checks.” Instead, it came from a national movement that had determined that “universal background checks” were among the least offensive next incremental gun control steps — with the greatest chance of succeeding. Next came partisan polling to show support for “universal background checks.” Note that it was polling, not a real problem or a study that was used to push for “universal background checks.” Polling that simply measures the effectiveness of their messaging, and partisan polling at that.
Instead, they could have looked at actual numbers that show that gun crime has plunged even as gun sales have continued to climb, and that a recent study shows that states that restrict concealed carry weapons actually see an increase in gun related crime. A rational look shows that gun ownership can make us safer, not less safe.
UPDATE (Oct 2015): In the wake of the mass shooting at the Umpqua Community College in Oregon, President Obama called for crafting gun control laws like Australia's 1996 gun-confiscation program. The NRA published this summary of gun laws in Australia and the UK (also cited by the President) with this quote “What Obama is really proposing, despite some platitudes to the contrary, is the end of private firearm ownership for self-defense – which is essentially what happened in Australia and the U.K.”
To read more from Dan, visit www.dan-lucas.com
The fact came to light during a training workshop in the capital on "Quality Management and Value Addition in Fish and Shrimp Processing in Bangladesh".
During the workshop, the experts laid stress on devising a policy framework in this direction.
Speaking at the workshop Department of Fisheries Principal Scientific Officer Nitya Ranjan Biswas said, “Bangladesh produces 93 metric tons of waste every year. This huge amount of waste is a burden for our country. We can use only 100 tons of it.”
“We cannot use the rest. However this waste has a huge demand in the international market. A tonne of such waste costs $1,000”, he added, claiming that the wastes have a tremendous potential to bring home foreign reserves.
Fisheries and livestock ministry's Additional Secretary Anisur Rahman, France's Ambassador to Bangladesh Sophie Aubert, DoF Director General Syed Arif Azad and former advisor to a caretaker government Hossain Zillur Rahman were among others who also spoke at the workshop.
Fears that insurance premiums will spike next year are premature, according to a new report that argues market competition will likely keep costs from rising.
Critics of the Affordable Care Act have long warned that premiums for the ObamaCare plans would skyrocket in 2015 as insurers scrambled to make up for setting artificially low prices this year. Researchers at the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation argue those fears are misplaced.
ADVERTISEMENT
“In competitive markets, unless all insurers behave similarly, those that increase premiums will suffer the loss of a market share to those that continue to price more aggressively,” said the authors of the report released Monday. The competitive pressures mean insurers are unlikely to risk raising their premiums too high for fear of losing customers, the report says.
Researchers compared data on premium costs in eight states around the country and found competition in the insurance markets was typically high, especially in the cities. They say the same competitive factor that led to low premium rates this year is likely to keep prices in check next year.
However, the report says some rural states may see higher premium prices because there are fewer insurers and therefore less competition.
The report also said the number of enrollees in ObamaCare will grow as the years go on, spreading the amount of risk insurers have to bear and relieving the need for price hikes.
Walmart announced Thursday that it will hold a grand opening ceremony at the Bayshore Mall location in Eureka on June 13.
The new Walmart is expected to employ about 170 people and be open seven days a week from 6 a.m. to 11 p.m., according to a press release. The store will have multiple merchandise departments, including a grocery department, a pharmacy and a digital photo processing center.
An event invitation from Walmart states opening ceremony events will begin at 7:30 a.m. on June 13. Hydesville Community Church Associate Pastor Jeff Beltz will open the ceremony with an invocation. The Eureka High School NJROTC members will perform a color guard flag ceremony, followed by the singing of the National Anthem by local Walmart employees. City of Eureka representatives will also be in attendance.
Mascots from Pepsi, Bimbo Bakeries and Cheetos chips will dance to “Let's Get it Started” by the Black Eyed Peas while free reusable shopping bags are distributed to the first 100 store customers. The invitation states free samples, demos and items from various vendors will be available to customers. The Loleta Cheese Company will offer free cheese samples, Smith Southwestern Souvenirs will have table handouts and Shasta Tackle will be available for questions about salmon fishing.
On June 16, the Eureka store will hold grand opening activities all day long. The invitation states free reusable shopping bags will be given to the first 300 customers, and activities ranging from face painting to food sampling will take place.
A special VIP open house for the opening will take place June 10 at 6 p.m. The Eureka High School NJROTC will direct visitors, and city of Eureka representatives will be present, according to the invitation. Hydesville Community Church Associate Pastor Jeff Beltz will open the ceremony with an invocation, and the National Anthem will be sung by local Walmart employees.
Special guests at the June 10 event will include Walmart Market Manager Chad Smith, Eureka Mayor Frank Jager and Eureka Chamber of Commerce President J. Warren Hockaday. The invitation states entertainment is to be provided by local Walmart employees, including singing and Native American flute solos.
Walmart will also present four local organizations with charitable donations. The invitation states Humboldt Alcohol Drug and Care Services, the Boys and Girls Club of the Redwoods, the Eureka High School NJROTC and Food For People will be the recipients of these donations.
For more information about Eureka Walmart store No. 5629, located at 3300 Broadway in Eureka, go to www.Facebook.com/Walmart5629.
Skateboarding is a sport that was born out of a counter- culture – one that belongs to people who were incessantly hounded by jocks, people who did not fit in the cafeteria, and countless other cliches that I'm sure people always hear when they start looking into counte cultures. Another common cliche is that skateboarders form a family of outcasts; your local crew of skaters becomes a second family. Personally, I have been skating since I was 12, and this is how it was for me. However, one important critique must be made: although a tight-knit community of outcasts is formed through their shared love for skating, this community is exclusionary, because it is so rampantly homophobic.
Homophobia has been an omnipresent force in skateboarding since the urethane wheel was invented. Some of the most revered pioneers of the sport, such as the late Jay Adams, helped foster this homophobic culture in skateboarding from its inception. Yet despite this, he never faced criticism because of his ‘legend status.' Here's a fact most skateboarders don't know: in 1982, Adams started a fight with a man named Dan Bradbury in an incident that Adams later described to Juiced magazine “We went to a place called the Okiedogs and two homosexual guys walked by and I started a fight. That's just how every fuckin' night was for me back then.” Bradbury died that night in the fight. Adams said he left before the man was dead, and only served six months in jail. This year he was honoured at the Transworld Skateboarding Awards, and he has also been called the “spark that started the sport.”
However, individuals are not the problem; it's bigger than that. It's about how the sport reacts toward diverse sexualities. An example of this is Tim Von Werne, who used to be a pro skater. In 1998, his career was cut short after his sponsor pulled an interview where he talked about his sexuality. In most skate interviews you will find sexist, racist, and homophobic remarks, yet it seems there is no room in skateboarding to have a candid discussion about sexuality without the person being ostracized.
Skateboarders latch onto the fact that it is a sport run by skateboarders – we want to have board companies owned by skaters, our media in the hands of skaters. In short, we want to be a community that makes its own choices. It breaks my heart to see that the community that I have identified with my whole life, the one that helped me through the hardest parts of high school, the one that gave me the inspiration to beat cancer, and the one that I truly love, has such a deep legacy of hate, and holds a hateful man as a legend. It is shameful.
As skateboarders, we are quick to defend our own. We assume that if someone is a skateboarder, they have endured enough social isolation. This is false. It is true that skateboarders come from all sorts of backgrounds, with a varying range of privileges and opportunities, but none of this is an excuse to engage in hateful behaviour. Period.
Homophobia was not relegated to just a dark chapter in skateboarding history. It would be false to say that we have come to terms with this history while acknowledging our oppressive behaviour. We should be continuing to practice good allyship by actively working to be a more inclusive sport. Some skaters will say, “Hey, I'm not homophobic, this is not my problem.” Unless you are actively challenging this hateful behaviour, your complicity is part of the problem.
If you go to any skate park, you will hear kids of all ages yelling homophobic remarks at their friends. It has become so ingrained in skateboarding vernacular that it is not uncommon to be reading an interview and see several homophobic remarks. One skateboarder that is a perfect example of this is Forrest Edwards, who became infamous after participating in a video contest called “Slap's One In A Million” – comparable to skateboarding's version of American Idol. Edwards was filmed repeatedly making unapologetic homophobic remarks about other contestants' behavior, and even took it as far as their selection of tricks. However, his homophobic behaviour was never called out because he is an incredibly talented skateboarder, who has not only been given a pro model board, but has received a fair amount of media coverage. Homophobia in the skateboarding community is so normalized and accepted, that hateful slurs have no impact on peoples careers.
When you're a kid and you fall in love with skating, you really do go head over heels. You pick up all the magazines and all the videos and try to imitate your favourite skaters' behaviours. It is not uncommon to even try to mimic your favourite skater's diction. When young skaters see this language though skate media, they think it's okay, and in some cases even add the slurs into their vocabulary because they think it's cool. This all serves to reinforce this hateful culture.
Since this homophobia is never called out, young skaters grow up thinking it is normal to use homophobic slurs. These young skaters become old skaters and never learn that the language they use is hurtful. The sad truth is that a skate van is no different from a locker room, except instead of Gatorade bottles, there are beer bottles.
Why do we tolerate this behaviour? If we are as free-willed as we claim to be, shouldn't we also use this free will to break the mold of sports culture and be progressive? I truly believe that change can be made. In fact, we have already seen a few people within the industry take a stand against this homophobia. Robert Brink, a skateboard journalist, has taken a stand multiple times against homophobic language and also strives to raise awareness, while Nike SB pro Stefan Janoski released a ‘Be True' colourway of his pro model shoe, with proceeds going toward the LGBT Sports Coalition to support the goal of ending discrimination in the sport. Another example is Alex Olson, a pro skater, who owns his own board company called Bianca Chandon, and who released a board series called the House of Bianca, which is a tribute to ball culture. The money from the board sales will goto help the Hetrick-Martin Institute to help LGBTQ youth. It is clear that some people in the skateboarding community are starting to call out the behaviour of their peers, and it is through this that the skateboarding community will hopefully shed its homophobic ties.
It is time to change. We as skateboarders are in a unique position, where we actually have a great deal of agency. It is time to end this homophobic culture and become what skateboarding was always meant to be – a culture where no matter who you are, if you love to skate you will be welcomed with open arms.
If Hillary Clinton is elected President in 2016, historians and those who have lived through the first twenty years of this new century will see this score of years as one that began with much hope and descended rapidly into an expanding Islamic war on the world, seen most dramatically on 9/11 and followed by a financial disaster in 2008 that was widely predicted as the government pressured banks to make bad mortgage loans. It is doing that again.
Most of us know whether we are living in good times or bad. Some of us warn of decline when we see it coming. Some choose to ignore it by distracting themselves. The latter assume they cannot change events, but in a democracy where you get to vote for who represents you, we are all participants in one fashion or other, whether we vote or not.
The most recent examples have been the negotiations with an Iran determined to have nuclear weapons and opening the door to diplomatic recognition of Cuba, a Communist dictatorship ninety miles from Florida.
There is something tragic when a political party is able to offer only the past as their idea of the future. President Obama is already widely seen to have been a failure, presiding for six years while the nation's debt soared to $18 trillion and millions remain unemployed. His foreign policies were administered by Hillary Clinton in his first term and her idea of what to do with nations that are our enemies is to “emphasize” with them and even “respect” our differences with them.
Dramatically, too, in 2008, Americans—constantly told how racist we are—voted for the nation's first black President, Barack Hussein Obama, even though little was known of him. Significantly, too, the voters rejected Hillary Clinton, thought to be the “inevitable” choice as the first woman President. Neither race, nor sex, is a predicate for being the leader of the free world. Experience, knowledge, and moral integrity is.
What has been cited is a definition of national decline. As we close in on the 2016 elections, we are also at risk of having begun the new century from a position of leadership and strength we may not be able to achieve again due to our debt and the failure of a vision for a better future. While we have been living through these years, we have also understandably been paying greater attention to our own individual lives.
As a member of the senior generation, I and my cohorts have watched America decline from the most powerful nation on Earth, a leader for freedom, a stalwart opponent of the Soviet Union and Communism, to one led by a pathetic apologist who never passes on an opportunity to criticize America and emphasize its failure to live up to its ideals. We're not perfect, but we still provide justice and opportunity as no other nation on Earth.
The generations behind us such as the “boomers” who arrived after World War II, enjoyed much of the best America has had to offer, but in the 1960s tended toward the growth of the drug culture and unwittingly experienced the decline in education standards that has left later generations devoid of knowledge about our founding principles and early struggles. More than twice their parents and grandparents engaged in wars far from home to thwart totalitarian regimes.
In the 1970s America saw the growth of the environmental movement which, by the late 1980s, was regaling everyone with doomsday predictions about a “global warming” that never occurred. What did occur was a government agency, the Environmental Protection Agency, that is threatening to cause a massive loss of the electrical and other sources of energy on which the nation—you and I—depend. Electricity may seem magical, but it requires years and years of planning and construction to ensure it is available when we flip the light switch. The EPA is quite literally an enemy comparable to one with an invading army.
So all of us, young and old, have arrived at the tail end of the first twenty years of the new century in a very different America than took on the challenge of the twentieth century and turned it into one of innovation and achievement.
That is critical to the choices Americans must make because the 2016 elections can either take us backward to past times—the 1990s—or forward to face the great challenges of our present and future times. We had financial success along the way, but we also had a massive financial failure in 2008 that originated earlier thanks to progressive ideas about home ownership. In 2001 we responded to the worst homeland attack since Pearl Harbor in the 1940s, fighting wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, but not grasping the full scope of the Islamic threat.
The progressive ideas of the current administration that the presumptive candidate of the Democratic Party will emphasize will allege inequities and inequalities between the Middle Class and those they call the “one percent” of the wealthy. Despite the fact that the wealthy are the source of millions in campaign funds, they will publicly scorn them as “Wall Street” and the “Big Banks.” This is very much in keeping with the Progressive demonization of “Big Oil”. “Big Coal” and other alleged enemies of the nation.
These major elements of our economy are all in fact enemies of unemployment, providing thousands of jobs with good pay, and enemies of decline, providing the energy America needs to exist and grow.
The most disquieting aspect of the months ahead will be the role of the mainstream media that, with a few exceptions, will be the megaphone for failed progressive ideas, policies and programs. They will suffer a forgetfulness of the many scandals that have led to Hillary Clinton's present bid to be the next President.
We are living in an era of decline that must be rejected and turned around with the “old fashioned” virtues of a marketplace economy free of a tax code no one can comprehend; environmental policies that slow and kill development; a federal government grown too large to do anything well—remember the introduction of ObamaCare and the fact that it has driven up insurance costs, not reduced them?
All of us of voting age have a heavy responsibility to know and understand the times in which we live and to make wise choices or know we shall be living in an era of failure for the nation we love.
© Alan Caruba, 2015
The Drool-o-tron ™ is still on the job. We were trying to get some work done, but its sirens and flashing lights were too demanding to ignore.
The blinking letters of its wall display said WorldNetDaily (WND). Our computer was locked onto WND's presentation of the latest video by the brilliant and articulate leader of David Rives Ministries.
WND's headline is Bible command tied to microbiology?, and it has a tantalizing sub-title: “David Rives reveals God's wisdom beating science by millennia.” Wowie! But the rev has his own title for the video, which is Break the pot! We had to take a look.
The rev tells us that Leviticus 11:33 (King James version, of course) says:
And every earthen vessel, whereinto any of them falleth, whatsoever is in it shall be unclean; and ye shall break it.
Then the rev explains why the pot must be broken, which anticipates the germ theory of disease by thousands of years! That's amazing! Leviticus 11 also has lots of dietary rules about what can and can't be eaten, but the rev doesn't waste your time with any of that.
You don't want to miss this one. The rev is wearing his bible-boy suit, and there's no doubt about it — he's the cutest rev you've ever seen! The video is his usual 90-second presentation — before the commercial. Go ahead, click over to WND and watch it.
As we always do with the rev's videos, we dedicate the comments section for your use as an Intellectual Free Fire Zone. You know the rules. Okay, the comments are open. Go for it!
• • • • • • • • • • •
. . Permalink for this article
If you've been hearing or reading a lot about blockchain but you still aren't entirely certain how to define it, you're not alone. It's something that Jack Dorsey, the chief executive officer and chairman of Square (and CEO of Twitter), describes as the “next big unlock,” something that, he notes, is normally applied to accounting terms but has the potential to “be applied to so much more.”
In an interview earlier this week at the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, California, I had the chance to ask Dorsey about Square's business, the future of banking, cryptocurrencies, blockchain, and more.
Blockchain is often defined as a ledger that enables secure, encrypted transactions. Some financial and technical experts have described it as analogous to the early days of the internet: it's a framework or backbone for transactions, while the various use cases for it are analogous to apps on the internet as we know them today.
But Dorsey also went beyond that interpretation of it, adding that the ability to “distribute and decentralize the ledger enables proof of work, and proof of one entity, in an untrusted network.” Even if there's a hostile entity or a mistrust in the network, Dorsey said, “we can still account for value creation and the transfer of values as well.”
“There are so many problems we can help solve [with blockchain] that are not just related to finance, but finance is an obvious one,” he added.
“There are so many problems we can help solve that are not just related to finance.”
However, the availability of blockchain technology doesn't necessarily mean that everyone should jump on the blockchain bandwagon. “I think there are going to be a bunch of people who say, ‘Blockchain, let's go apply it everywhere' and ‘Let's try to solve every single problem with it,'” Dorsey said, “in the same way that we try to solve every problem with machine learning and data science and deep learning and artificial intelligence. And I think we need to be more thoughtful. What are people struggling with? How does the technology help them progress or does it distract them?”
Dorsey also spoke about bitcoin, which Square has accepted as a form of payment since the fall of 2014. Dorsey also admitted he has personally invested in Bitcoin, though he didn't share how many bitcoins he holds.
He said one of the most surprising things he's experienced recently is when friends and family, who aren't as close to the technology industry, have been asking about bitcoin — specifically, how to invest in the cryptocurrency.
“I'm from St. Louis, Missouri, and I have a lot of friends and family who are not into technology,” Dorsey said. “Over the holidays, one of the things I kept getting asked by people I know is, ‘You work in technology, you work in finance, how do I buy bitcoin?' I asked, ‘Why do you want to buy bitcoin?' And they said, ‘Well I heard it's a fast easy way to make money... someone said it's like digital gold.'”
Dorsey went on to discuss the benefits of — and potential problems with — investing in a digital asset that is decentralized, deflationary, and in general, unlike any other traditional stock market securities. The full video is below. It's a long discussion, but it's a rare in-depth conversation with an entrepreneur who has firmly established himself as a disruptor in more than one industry.
Washington (CNN) Donald Trump became the 45th President of the United States on Friday, vowing to drain power from Washington elites and always put "America first" in its dealings with the world at a moment of transformative political change.
He arrived at the White House for the first time as President just before 5 p.m. ET following a day of tradition marking the power shift in the nation's capital.
In a time-honored ceremony on the flag-draped West Front of the Capitol earlier in the afternoon, Trump placed his left hand on a family Bible and another that belonged to Abraham Lincoln and promised to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution. As light rain began to fall on a crowd stretching toward the Washington Monument, Trump took the oath of office from Chief Justice John Roberts with the new first lady, Melania, by his side.
Trump's inaugural address centered on the themes that animated his stunning outsider campaign, which shattered political conventions and gave voice to heartland voters who felt badly let down by professional politicians.
Though he paid tribute to outgoing President Barack Obama, the President sketched a vision of America that came across as a repudiation of the last administration. He promised to restore the nation's strength and purpose and to rebuild it from within, vowing to "bring back" American jobs, borders, wealth and dreams.
"We assembled here today are issuing a new decree to be heard in every city, and in every foreign capital and in every hall of power," Trump said. "From this day forward, a new vision will govern our land, from this day forward, it's going to be only 'America first! America first!'"
Trump: 'You will never be ignored again'
Trump talked of a nation of mothers and children trapped in poverty in the inner cities and "rusted-out factories scattered like tombstones," and warned crime and gangs had robbed the nation of much of its potential.
"This American carnage stops right here and stops right now," Trump said, with Obama looking on.
"A new national pride will stir our souls, lift our sights and heal our divisions," Trump said, emphasizing that whether people are black or white they still bleed the same red blood of patriots.
JUST WATCHED Moments from Pres. Trump's inaugural address Replay More Videos ... MUST-WATCH Moments from Pres. Trump's inaugural address 02:08
And he told Americans listening to the address: "You will never be ignored again."
Former Presidents George W. Bush, Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter attended the ceremony. Hillary Clinton, whom Trump defeated in the November election, was in the audience in a show of support for national unity and the peaceful transfer of presidential authority.
JUST WATCHED Hillary Clinton arrives at Trump inauguration Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Hillary Clinton arrives at Trump inauguration 00:56
But, contrary to some expectations, Trump made no gesture of reconciliation toward Clinton or her supporters following the deeply divisive campaign in which he won the Electoral College but lost the popular vote. He later recognized her during a congressional lunch, when she received a standing ovation.
"I was very honored, very, very honored when I heard that President Bill Clinton and Secretary Hillary Clinton was coming today, I think it is appropriate to say it," Trump said. "Honestly, there is nothing more I can say because I have a lot of respect for those two people."
Many traditions
The swearing-in was one of many traditions that began Friday morning. Trump and his family attended a private worship service at St. John's Episcopal Church, known as the church of presidents. The Obamas greeted Trump and the new first lady at the North Portico of the White House before hosting them for tea.
Earlier in the morning, Obama wrote a letter to Trump and left it on the Resolute desk in the Oval Office, as outgoing presidents typically do for their successors. As Obama left the Oval Office for the final time, he was asked whether he had any words for the American people. "Thank you," Obama responded.
JUST WATCHED President Obama leaves Oval Office Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH President Obama leaves Oval Office 02:00
The customs and symbolism that are playing out -- from Trump's ride to the Capitol with Obama to the first couple's dance at an inaugural ball -- are familiar. But the circumstances of this inauguration -- the 58th in the nation's history -- could hardly be more unconventional.
When the presidential primary season began nearly a year ago, few thought Trump could survive the battle for the Republican nomination -- much less beat Clinton to win the presidency. He was the oldest president sworn in for a first term and the first president with no previous diplomatic, political or military executive experience.
In what is always a poignant moment, the former President Obama and his wife left Capitol Hill on a helicopter bound for Joint Base Andrews for a farewell ceremony before taking one last flight on the presidential jet. The Obamas are heading to Palm Springs, California, for a vacation.
JUST WATCHED Trump, Obama depart inaugural ceremony Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump, Obama depart inaugural ceremony 01:46
Trump attended a joint congressional inaugural luncheon in the Capitol before heading back to the White House for the inaugural parade. Halfway along Pennsylvania Avenue, Trump's vehicle stopped and the new first couple walked hand in hand past the cheering crowds. By the time the motorcade approached the new Trump hotel, the President was back in the hulking car.
In the evening, Trump and the new first lady will attend two inaugural balls, part of the stripped-down inaugural festivities that aides say are meant to stress that the new president is eager to get to work.
Supporters excited; others concerned
Trump's supporters, who sent him to Washington to rip up political norms and thwart the establishment, are thrilled as he assumes power. The crowds started streaming toward the National Mall as dawn broke, with many people wearing Trump's distinctive red "Make America Great Again" baseball caps.
But millions of Americans are also anxious, owing to the abrasive tone of Trump's campaign and fears over the consequences of his strongman leadership style.
Trump has vowed to tear up US trade deals that he says disadvantage US workers, confront a rising China and improve estranged relations with Russia, despite allegations that Moscow interfered in the election. He has set high expectations for his presidency by promising to return jobs to US shores and reviving the manufacturing industry. He has pledged to crush ISIS and introduce tough new vetting on immigrants from countries where there is terrorist activity, raising fears of discrimination against Muslims.
Trump is promising to build a wall on the southern border, to crack down on undocumented migrants and to gut the financial and environmental regulations that are at the center of the Obama administration's legacy.
New presidents typically use the inaugural address -- viewed by a huge crowd fanned out on the National Mall and millions of television viewers -- to issue a call for national unity and ease the wounds of divisive elections. They typically remind Americans of the values and the history that binds them and of the nation's historic mission.
Trump, so far, has done little to reach out to his foes since November.
"He is still talking as if he is the insurgent candidate rather than the President-elect," said Robert Rowland, an expert on presidential rhetoric at the University of Kansas. "Historically, presidents who are effective use inaugural addresses to heal the wounds of the campaign, to talk about what it means to be an American, to discuss shared values and lay out their political principles to come across as a strong not vain leader."
A western Wisconsin woman is accused of causing mental harm to a child after she allegedly participated in giving a 6-year-old girl a swirly as a disciplinary measure.
Evelyn D. Seitz, of Mondovi, Wisconsin, faces a felony charge, as well as one for disorderly conduct, according to a report from Winona Radio.
Investigators say that on Oct. 30, 46-year-old Seitz held the girl by the ankles and put her head in a toilet bowl as a man flushed it.
The incident happened in a house in the town of Gilmanton, which is just south of Mondovi. The girl's mother was in the house when it happened.
Seitz told officials that she thought the punishment was an effective disciplinary measure, adding that she'd done the same to her own kids.
The punishment came about, investigators say, after a report of poor behavior from the girl's school.
Seitz is slated to be in Buffalo County court next Friday.
Mondovi is about 95 miles east of the Twin Cities.
Halifax immigration lawyer Lee Cohen says Canadians should think twice about wagging their fingers at U.S. President Donald Trump when it comes to immigration policy.
Earlier this month, the Trump administration said it would end an Obama-era program that shields from deportation about 800,000 so-called "Dreamers" who arrived in the U.S. illegally as children.
Although Trump's move to dismantle the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals policy — a decision he has since hinted he will revisit — has been controversial, Cohen points out Canada does not have a similar program that protects children brought here illegally.
"We need to look at ourselves and realize we're not doing anything either for young children who are here without status," he said.
Halifax immigration lawyer Lee Cohen. (Blair Sanderson/CBC)
Even if they've lived in Canada for decades since they were children, Cohen said those without status have few options.
"They are the quintessential victim in this morass and in Canada there is no program in place that looks after the needs of children that don't have status in this country," he said.
Another Halifax immigration lawyer, Elizabeth Wozniak, said she's also been thinking about the differences between Canadian and U.S. policy on immigration.
"I agree we don't have any blanket measures here in Canada," she said. "However we do, at least in our practice; we've seen over the years people who apply on humanitarian grounds."
In that case, applicants appeal to immigration officials that it would be inhumane for the government to deport them because they've been in Canada for a long time and put down roots.
Immigration lawyer Elizabeth Wozniak.
In an email, a spokesperson for Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada said people in the country without status are here illegally and "we expect them to respect Canadian laws and regularize their status or return to their country of origin."
But Cohen said it's a risky move for illegal immigrants who are living under the radar because if their application is denied, they're deported.
"It is the kind of application that someone would make when they have no other options."
Wozniak said she's helped eight people over the past few years stay in Canada after they arrived illegally as children.
She recalls one man who came to Canada more than 15 years ago as a child with his parents. He had been working a pizza job in Nova Scotia for more than a decade. She advised him he could be deported by coming forward, but he applied anyway.
"He was successful and it didn't take that long and others were subsequently successfully in a similar scenario," she said.
Cohen said those cases are the exception, not the rule. He suspects the vast majority of people living here illegally who came to Canada as children are too afraid to come forward. And that means they're often reluctant to pursue a better life through education because going to college or university often requires proof of citizenship.
"The fear, of course, is that at any moment you could get that knock on the door by a Canadian border services officer and it all comes crashing down."
UPDATED – Swiss authorities confirm U.S. investigating Derwick Associates
alek boyd Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 24, 2016
Bloomberg this morning (bold / links added for clarity):
Swiss banks have a new money-laundering worry: Venezuela.
At the request of U.S. authorities, Switzerland has agreed to turn over records from at least 18 banks involving Venezuela's state oil company, Petroleos de Venezuela SA, which is the subject of a widening corruption investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice, according to Swiss regulators.
Among the banks are UBS AG, EFG Bank AG and CBH Compagnie Bancaire Helvetique SA, said a person briefed on the matter.
The Swiss bank records are being sought by U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara in connection with his office's investigation into representatives of Derwick Associates, a Venezuelan energy company that has done business with PDVSA, the Federal Office of Justice (FOJ) in Bern said. Bharara's request means that records of any wire transactions between the 18 banks and individuals or companies suspected of bribery or other criminal conduct in Venezuela will be given to federal prosecutors in New York.
PDVSA employee Christian Maldonado, who had extensive deals with Derwick Associates, pleaded guilty in related criminal investigation.
The U.S. investigation has already led to criminal charges, including guilty pleas from three former PDVSA officials that were unsealed in Houston on Tuesday, according to court documents. The three — Jose Luis Ramos Castillo, 38; Christian Javier Maldonado Barillas, 39, and Alfonzo Eliezer Gravina Munoz, 39 — admitted to accepting bribes and helping two businessmen win lucrative contracts from the state-owned company. The three pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit money laundering.
Derwick Probe
The Swiss authorities' statement is the first official confirmation of the existence of a U.S. investigation into Derwick Associates. The company has denied allegations lodged in civil suits that it bribed officials from PDVSA in order to obtain lucrative contracts. No criminal charges have been filed against Derwick.
Joseph DeMaria, a lawyer for a Barbados affiliate of Derwick, and its two co-founders, said he wasn't aware of the investigation, but said that any probe by U.S. authorities is part of a “continuous witch hunt” against his clients.
Pop corn time draws ever closer…
PS: Switzerland Department of Justice and Police confirmed to Finews that US Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Preet Bharara, is specifically asking for information on PDVSA - Derwick Associates deals.
PPS: journalist Casto Ocando claims (Twitter) that New York's Attorney's Office sent a subpoena to Derwick Associates executives, demanding information about wire transactions.
PPPS: Reuters weighs in.
Illustration by Todd Whitehead
The Golden State Warriors are the Voltron of basketball teams: with the four badass robot lions that are Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, Draymond Green, and Klay Thompson, plus Steve Kerr hollering, "I'll form the head!," they are ready to combine into a giant super-robot and take on the universe.
But life outside Saturday morning TV can be more unpredictable; Voltron sometimes loses. Below I catalog some of the events, with varying degrees of plausibility, that could conspire to keep the Warriors from winning all 82 games this season. Oh yeah, and I use cartoons.
Everybody Stays Healthy
Before we get into everything that could go wrong for the Warriors, let's talk about how things will turn out if everything goes smoothly.
For my predictions, I'm going to rely on the Simple Projection System that Basketball-Reference created to forecast player performance for the upcoming season. Using the per-48-minute Win Share statistic of each individual Warrior provided by the Simple Projection System and the Warriors' predicted minute distribution provided by Kevin Pelton, I can estimate their total number of regular-season wins.
The System predicts 71.1 wins. That's a little higher than the Vegas line, which was 66.5 the last time I checked, but right in sync with what more sophisticated projection approaches are predicting for the Warriors (71, 72 wins, somewhere in that range).
This System allows me to easily tweak the expected minutes played for each individual and find a new projected win total. So, for example, if we max out the Voltron lineup (i.e., Curry, Thompson, Durant, Green, and Andre Iguodala) at 48 minutes per game for 82 games, the System predicts 81.9 wins. Sounds about right.
Now with our baseline expectation for the Warriors' season in hand, we can examine how things might go wrong.
Steph Gets Injured
Scenario #1: Curry misses 20 games with a sprained ankle and is replaced by Shaun Livingston, Ian Clark, and Pat McCaw.
Projected Wins: 68.5
It's a recurring nightmare for any Golden State fan: Stephen Curry drives toward the basket for a layup, but then suddenly pulls up short. The Bay Area wails as he lamely hops off the court.
Curry's notorious ankles have held up pretty well since he missed 40 games in 2012. Still, it's been hard to shake the nagging feeling that one rolled ankle could topple the Warriors at any moment.
Scenario #2: Curry misses 40 games with a sprained knee.
Projected Wins: 65.9
Of course, now Warriors fans have a new reason for angst: the looming specter of a Donatas Motiejunas sweat slick and another Curry knee sprain. Curry's injuries in the playoffs last year gave his teammates a chance to prove their mettle without him. The team went 6-2 with a 13-point average margin of victory to start the postseason, despite Curry playing fewer than 38 minutes combined.
Scenario #3: Curry misses 60 games with a broken leg.
Projected Wins: 63.3
No doubt Warriors fans will once again hold their breath any time Curry comes up hobbling this season, but with an extra MVP in reserve, the Warriors' prospects sans Steph seem a lot less dire than in years past.
KD already faced a similar situation in Oklahoma City in 2014 when Russell Westbrook broke his hand and missed 36 games. Durant kept the ship afloat, eventually steering the Thunder to 59 wins, with a less impressive skeleton crew than he would have in Golden State.
KD Finds a Better Team
Scenario 1: Durant misses 20 games with a foot injury and is replaced by Andre Iguodala, James-Michael McAdoo, and Pat McCaw.
Projected Wins: 69.0
Durant has struggled through his own injury issues, missing most of the 2015 season with a broken foot. What if that foot acts up again?
Well, the projections seem to think this would not be a big deal and, at least in the short term, I agree. The Warriors would basically be in the same situation they faced last year when Harrison Barnes missed a month with a sprained ankle. The Dubs slotted Brandon Rush into the starting lineup and the win machine kept right on whirring. Rush and Barnes both left, making way for KD's max contract, but the Warriors still have Iguodala and some other options to fill in at small forward.
Scenario #2: Durant misses 40 games on loan to F.C. Barcelona.
Projected Wins: 66.9
While a KD injury may be a legitimate concern for Warriors fans, the bigger threat is probably that he finds another, even more super super-team to join. Durant attended Steve Nash's celebrity soccer match this year, so, presumably he's a fan of the footie. What if KD decided to join fellow world-class forwards Messi, Neymar, and Suarez on F.C. Barcelona? With Barça's weekly league schedule and ample international breaks, Durant could still make it to perhaps half of the Warriors games stateside, but the travel would be brutal.
Scenario #3: Durant misses 60 games traveling through time.
Projected Wins: 64.8
Durant's intercontinental cross-sport team-jumping would probably be a disruptive issue in the locker room, but refolding the fabric of space-time itself? That would make waves.
I'm sure KD is tempted to connect with the Boston Celtics of the 1950s. These guys were even more loaded than the Warriors are now. In the 1958-59 season, the Celtics featured the previous two MVPs (Bob Cousy and Bill Russell), another '58 All-Pro (Bill Sharman), two future All-Pros (Tommy Heinsohn and Sam Jones), and two future Hall of Famers (K.C. Jones and Frank Ramsey). Plus, the C's lost in the '58 Finals, so KD would still feel needed.
Unfortunately, time-traveling DeLoreans are notoriously unreliable: flux capacitor parts are impossible to find, the gull-wing doors leak, and it literally takes a freaking lightning bolt to jump-start the things if the battery dies. If Durant gets stuck in the 1950s, he could definitely miss at least 60 games.
Draymond Goes Off the Deep End
Scenario #1: Green gets suspended for 20 games and is replaced by David West, James-Michael McAdoo, and Kevon Looney.
Projected Wins: 70.6
In last year's playoffs, the Warriors looked pretty unsteady when Green was suspended (15-point Game 5 loss to the Cavs) and even when he was just thinking about being suspended (28- and 24-point losses to the Thunder in Games 3 and 4). To be fair, those were very difficult games against the stiffest competition the Warriors faced all season. So, how would the Warriors cope with a Green suspension in the regular season against less intimidating foes and with the additional support of KD and David West at the forward spot?
According to the projections, at least, they would be just fine, but I feel like math might have underestimated Green's value a bit here. In contrast to Curry or Durant, Draymond's skill set—defensive flexibility, one-man fast-breaking, roll-man passing, and vocal leadership—is mostly not duplicated by any of the other players on the team. The Warriors are fortunate to have several of the best shooters in the league; they have more than one guy who can create off the dribble, and more than one heady passer, but they only have one Draymond.
That being said, even if serial groin violence did cost Green a 20-game suspension, I believe the Warriors would continue to find ways to outshoot and outscore most of their regular-season opponents without him.
Scenario #2: Green misses 40 games for court-mandated community service.
Projected Wins: 70.1
Imagine:
Green and the Warriors travel to Oklahoma City for the first time on a Saturday evening in February. They lose the game in front of an emotional OKC crowd. Dray decides to sample the local nightlife for afters. Taunted by a drunk Thunder fan, fisticuffs ensue. With an Oklahoma judge presiding over the subsequent hearing, and as a second-time offender, Green is sentenced to 500 hours of community service to be carried out right there, IN OKLAHOMA!
Sure, it's outlandish, but is it really more outlandish than what actually happened to Green this summer?
Scenario #3: Green misses 60 games with a broken hand.
Projected Wins: 69.5
Maybe this is a more plausible hypothetical mishap: Green breaks his hand punching someone or something. Current betting markets favor Steven Adams' face as the most likely target for the fateful punch (4:1 odds); other available bets include a teammate (8:1), an equipment manager (10:1), Blake Griffin (40:1), and Blake Griffin's equipment manager (100:1).
Klay Finds His Patronus
Scenario #1: Thompson misses 60 games on a wizarding sabbatical and is replaced by Ian Clark and Pat McCaw.
Projected Wins: 68.6
I won't waste your time with hypothetical Thompson injury scenarios; the guy is an ironman. During the past four years, he has started 320 of 328 regular-season games and all 64 playoff games for the Warriors. That's more starts than any other player in the league during that stretch.
But there is still cause for concern. Consider:
Klay hears a noise on his front porch—an owl's screech, maybe? Opening the door to investigate, he finds a mysterious missive with a signature that looks a lot like "Dumbledore" inviting him to Hogwarts Academy for a chance to "master your defense against the dark arts," "test your aerial acumen," and "discover your Patronus." The envelope's return address reveals the true nature of the invitation—a promotional flier soliciting return business from children who visited the Wizarding World of Harry Potter—but Klay is already arranging his travel from Platform 9¾. The dude is SO all in...
Finding your patronus can take a long time, even for a promising wizard like Thompson. It's cool, though: the projection says that the Warriors will be OK even if they are forced to start five muggles.
JaVale McGee Plays
Scenario #1: Zaza Pachulia misses 20 games with a broken face.
Projected Wins: 71.0
The Warriors need Pachulia to fill the giant shoes of departing seven-footer Andrew Bogut. Yeah, that means rim protection, but it's more than that. To keep Green out of trouble and prevent opposing teams from taking advantage of Curry, Golden State needs Pachulia to be the new enforcer. He'll be expected to stick his nose in often, and there's a decent chance it ends up getting broken.
Scenario #2: Pachulia misses 40 games with a sprained neck.
Projected Wins: 70.9
Zaza has a huge head. Neck strains could be an issue.
Scenario #3: Pachulia misses 60 games due to mind control and is replaced by JAVALE MCGEE!!
Projected Wins: 70.8
There's only one way JaVale McGee will start on this roster:
The extraterrestrial life form that has tapped into McGee's brain at the base of his skull, causing uncontrollable spasms of over-the-backboard layups as part of some inscrutable alien design, detaches from his head. It scurries across the practice facility floor and enters Kerr's office. The coach is dashing off his injury report for the league office when he feels a sharp biting sensation on the back of his neck. Unconsciously, next to every player's name he begins to scribble "UNLIMITED JAVAILABILTY" in big block letters. For reasons he can't quite explain, Kerr starts McGee that night...
According to the projections, the Warriors could sustain even this alien invasion.
All of the Above
Scenario #1: All five Golden State starters miss 15 games each for rest.
Projected Wins: 66.6
Even if the coaching staff isn't possessed by alien overlords, they could still suppress the team's win total. After falling short in the Finals last year, Kerr will no doubt have designs on sparing his starters from unnecessary mental and physical fatigue. Kerr could very comfortably rest his starters for 15 games and still have a great regular season.
Scenario #2: All five starters miss 40 games each.
Projected Wins: 59.0
The 59-23 record. We've arrived!
Before the Warriors could lose 20 games, we'd have to see Steph and Draymond breaking bones, Klay taking an extended Potter Sabbatical, KD joining the '58 Celtics, and JaVale McGee's alien infecting Coach Kerr's brain. I mean, each one is a likely enough scenario individually, but what are the chances they all happen at once?
At least 60 wins for Golden State seems like a safe bet to make this season.
Want to read more stories like this from VICE Sports? Subscribe to our daily newsletter.
× Expand Photo by Jeremy M. Lange Jason Langberg and Jen Story are the attorneys for eight families who have filed a complaint against Wake County Public Schools, the Wake County Sheriff's Department and several police departments for police actions against students.
On his first day of eleventh grade in the fall of 2011, a young man identified in a federal complaint as T.W. arrived at Southeast Raleigh High School, eager to begin a productive, positive year. He greeted his new principal and waited in line with his classmates to pick up his schedule.
While he waited, a School Resource Officera sworn, fully certified police officer with the authority to arrest studentsstarted asking T.W. questions.
"What's your name?"
"Are you a student?"
"Are you trying to play me in front of your boys?"
When T.W. didn't respond, the officer allegedly pulled his arm behind his back. A second officer grabbed T.W.'s other arm and they threw him against a window and handcuffed him as students and staff looked on, according to the complaint.
T.W. is one of eight students in Wake County Public Schools who have been named in a Department of Justice complaint brought by Legal Aid North Carolina against the school system, the Wake County sheriff's department and eight municipal police departments.
The complaint alleges that resource officers are violating students' rights, particularly African Americans and kids with disabilities.
According to the complaint, Wake County resource officers, who have no special training to deal with adolescents, and armed security guards from AlliedBartona security company that contracts with the Wake school system for more than $1 million a yearuse Tasers on students at school and spatter pepper spray in their faces.
They tackle kids to the ground, slam them into walls and handcuff them in front of their peers. When they don't use weapons or physical force, some officers verbally harass the students they're charged with protecting.
A number of other groups like the N.C. Justice Center, the NAACP, the ACLU, as well as professors and attorneys across the Triangle, have signed onto the complaint.
The Wake school system sent the INDY a statement saying it is reviewing the complaint. The Wake County sheriff's department and Raleigh Police Department declined to comment since the complaint is pending with the U.S. Justice Department.
T.W. is African American, like all of the students named in the complaint. According to demographics reports from The Wake school system, in the last five years African-American students have received 74 percent of the school-based delinquency complaints and are 16 times more likely than white students to be suspended.
"The disparities are massive," says Jennifer Story, an attorney at Legal Aid N.C. "African-American students are overwhelmingly targeted by these practices and these kids are going down a path they're never going to be able to get out of."
The complaint states that the same resource officer harassed T.W. on another occasion, while the student was walking into school after he missed his bus.
"I ... actually did not want to go to school after that," T.W. told an attorney after the incident. "At this point I am feeling uncomfortable going to my own school that I have been attending for four years. I wish the SRO would leave me alone."
The students' offenses have largely been minor infractions: throwing water balloons, cutting in line, play-fighting, or in T.W.'s case, looking "too old" to be a student.
"They're watching over you like you're dead meat and they're vultures," says Tayvon, a senior at Knightdale High.
In the most serious case, a student punched a classmate after the boy called him a "Nigger" and hit him first; the student then left immediately to avoid further conflict.
When he returned to school the next day, he was detained and interrogated by a resource officer. He was never read his Miranda rights or allowed to call his guardian.
The student was recommended for long-term suspension and the resource officer filed a delinquency complaint against him; the student took a plea deal, accepting six months' probation and a delinquency violation on his permanent record.
Only a vague document called a "Memorandum of Understanding" that exists between the school system and law enforcement agencies governs the actions of officers in Wake County schools, allowing them to "enforce criminal law" and "take appropriate enforcement action on criminal matters as necessary."
The extent to which cops can intervene is left up to the police departments themselves to determine.
North Carolina is the only state in the country that treats 16- and 17-year-olds as adults in every circumstance, with no option to be tried in juvenile court for minor offenses.
Students rack up arrest records and adult criminal charges that can haunt them for the rest of their lives. Even if charges are ultimately dismissed, expunging an arrest record is a costly and time-consuming process.
"The reality is, it's cheaper for the school system and the law enforcement agencies to dump kids on the court system because you file a complaint and then they become the court's responsibility," says Jason Langberg, an attorney at Legal Aid N.C. "The courts are becoming a dumping ground for the school system that doesn't have the resources to treat the underlying causes of misbehavior."
The arrests and undue suspension rates (a 2010 Duke University study ranked North Carolina as having the third-highest suspension rate in the nation) create an atmosphere that Langberg calls "the perfect storm for the school-to-prison pipeline."
He says an increasing percentage of all delinquency complaints in Wake County are school-based, but there is no data around how many kids are sent into the adult criminal justice system.
"Neither the district, nor the law enforcement officers bother to keep that data, which is awful," Langberg said. "We don't know whether some schools are referring a thousand kids a year and need a remedial action plan, or if schools aren't referring any kids and should be lifted up as examples. It's as easy as giving the SRO a clipboard and tallying up the number of referrals, but they're not bothering to collect it."
Langberg says police officers in middle schools and high schools started becoming more commonplace in the mid-'90s, after events like the Columbine shosoting brought public attention to school safety "without really putting school safety issues into perspective."
"The public was saturated with these images of school shootings and this myth around juvenile super-predators," said Langberg. "I think it's the exception now not to have (a police officer in school) whereas just 15 years ago it was the exception to have one."
As shocking as it is that weapons are used against students in Wake County schools, student advocates from Wake County, known as N.C. HEAT, talk about their experiences with resource officers and armed security guards as if they are everyday occurrences.
"I've seen at least one person get tazered every year," says Tayvon, an N.C. HEAT member. "These two girls were fighting and they tazered one of the girls and she fell down the steps. She was all messed up. And another girl was yelling at someone and they tazered her and she had a seizure."
At the Wake County school board meeting last month, Tayvon told board members about his twin brother who got into a fight in ninth grade.
"The same SRO that dealt with that situation is telling my brother that he would tackle him again if he ever stepped out of line," he said. "We should feel safe around SROs. We should feel that we are being protected ... If we have to keep SROs, we should train them on how to deal with these situations in school."
Qasima, an N.C. HEAT member and senior at Cary High, agrees. "The presence of cops in our school is traumatizing to students," she said. "It's not conducive to learning. It's not conducive to safety. It militarizes our learning environment."
The Wake County complaint also contains a strong racial element. White students have made up half of the total student population but have received only between 17 and 23 percent of the school-based delinquency complaints.
Langberg and Story say the response from school administrators for years has been that their hands are tied on the issue. They say the purpose of the complaint is to establish reasonable limitationsmore training, screening, accountability and restrictionson police officers assigned to protect schools.
But Christine Kushner, chair of the Wake County School Board, said that security officers in the school system actually do receive significant training in how to handle student discipline issues.
Kushner said the board has been working to address policy issues that contribute to the suspension rates, and that long- and short-term suspensions have decreased by 66 and 26 percent respectively, since the 2008–2009 school year.
But she acknowledged that the school-to-prison pipeline is an ongoing problem. "The key focus we need to have is on improving school climate and addressing mental health issues and counselling," Kushner said. "Since 2008, since state and local budget cuts, those positions suffered. I want to look at funding for more psychologists, counselors and social workers. Focusing on school climate is the place we will get the biggest, most positive, results."
The charges against T.W. were dismissed in Wake County court. The resource officer testified that he approached T.W. because he looked older than the other kids. The judge told the officer, "That's just like walking on the sidewalk while being black."
When T.W.'s mother asked for someone to be held accountable, the Raleigh Police Department justified the resource officer's actions as standard procedure.
T.W. did not finish high school. He is working to get his GED at Wake Tech and sees a therapist twice a week.
"He's on medication directly related to what happened in his high school," his mother said. "He has depression, trust issues, self-esteem issues; he doesn't trust anyone. He is afraid of the police. He's afraid to go to the store. His therapist says he is scared the police are following him."
This article appeared in print with the headline "A force to be reckoned with"
"The matrix dates back to the Old Republic. No one knows who thought it was a good idea, but you can presume they didn't live to regret it […] Much later the Tarkin Initiative had a few ideas for how it could be used."
–Ruen
Stationed at numerous bases throughout the galaxy, the scientists of the Tarkin Intiative were responsible for many of the Empire's greatest weapons. Most notably, they designed the first and second Death Stars—fantastic battle stations capable of obliterating whole worlds with their superlasers.
But the Tarkin Initiative's scientists didn't stop at superlasers and Death Stars. They worked on projects of all sizes, including assassin droids and blastomech droids. And two of these droids will soon make their way from the Tarkin Initiative's think tank to your games of Imperial Assault with the BT-1 and 0-0-0 Villain Pack.
Like other Imperial Assault figure packs, this expansion introduces a carefully detailed miniature for each of its namesake characters. These are accompanied by all the Agenda and Deployment cards you need to field the droids, plus new missions and five Command cards that offer surprises for both your campaign and skirmish games.
Into the Tarkin Initiative Labs
Although they appear, at first glance, to resemble another famous droid duo—that of the astromech R2-D2 and protocol droid C-3PO—the Darth Vader comics quickly make it clear that BT-1 (Bee Tee) and 0-0-0 (Triple Zero) are nothing like their Rebel counterparts. Instead, the two are wildly homicidal, and approach their work with deranged breed of enthusiasm. They spend much of their time terrorizing various "meatbags" and taking on other tasks in the service of the Sith Lord and his archaeological associate, Doctor Aphra.
Still, the droids are clever enough to use their relatively innocuous appearances to their advantage. At one point, Triple Zero even manages to deceive Luke Skywalker and render him unconscious after Doctor Aphra paints him to look like C-3PO.
In your games of Imperial Assault, you won't be able to use these droids' appearance to lull your opponents into a false sense of complacency, but you'll likely find them more than capable of serving as your lieutenants anyway. And they might still surprise your friends with their ferocity if you first unleash them upon your campaign as part of the Etiquette and Torture side mission.
Available for three influence as part of the Devious Droids Agenda set, the Etiquette and Torture side mission challenges the heroes to rescue a pair of hostages from one of the Tarkin Initiative's secret labs. It also offers a dramatic—and deadly—introduction to Bee Tee and Triple Zero.
BT-1, Destructive Assassin
With a deployment cost of just six points, BT-1 is an extremely cost-effective addition to either your campaign or skirmish games. In both cases, he packs a mighty ranged attack of three dice—one blue, one red, and one yellow—and comes with an Assassin ability that focuses him before every attack he makes.
A four-die attack like Bee Tee's is strong enough to punch hard through just about any defenses. In fact, it hits so hard that it may often prove to be overkill, especially when paired with his Pierce 1 surge ability. However, this is where Bee Tee's Missile Salvo action comes in handy.
Instead of performing one overwhelming ranged attack, Bee Tee can use an action to fire off three smaller ranged attacks, each with separate targets. One uses a blue die, one uses a red die, and one uses a yellow die. Each attack gains three points of Accuracy, and because he's still an Assassin, Bee Tee focuses before each of them, meaning with a single action, Bee Tee can launch six dice against three separate targets.
In your campaign games, this Missile Salvo can make Bee Tee an effective closer if you opt to wear down multiple heroes, spreading your damage around, instead of focusing on just one. Or in your skirmish games, it may allow you to finish off multiple figures in a single activation, including such favorites as C-3PO , Gideon Argus , or a Weequay Pirate . Given that Bee Tee has the useful Droid, Hunter, and Heavy Weapon traits, you might even be able to take down tougher units with your Missile Salvo, using command cards like Assassinate , Tools for the Job , and Lock On to land a surprising amount of damage.
The flexibility that Bee Tee offers with his Missile Salvo and his standard attack doesn't just make him an effective killer of groups counting fewer, tougher characters and groups that feature greater numbers of more fragile characters, it also allows him to switch his focus between dealing damage and healing damage with his Recover 1 surge ability. Given that Bee Tee becomes Focused before each of his Missile Salvo attacks, there's a very real possibility that he can use his Missile Salvo ability to recover as much as three health each round.
0-0-0, Specialized in Pain
Where BT-1 packs a surprisingly powerful arsenal, 0-0-0 presents a variety of different tactics that you can use to hinder, torture, and manipulate your opponents—mostly by hitting them with negative conditions.
The application of these conditions begins with his melee attack, which given his low deployment cost of four, is quite respectable at one red die and one yellow die. Even so, there's no guarantee it will always bypass your opponent's defenses. But if Triple Zero attacks and has a surge to spend, he can have his attack automatically miss, and Stun his foe with his Shocking Palm.
In both your campaign and skirmish games, you are bound to come across situations in which stunning your opponent is more valuable an option than dealing it one or two points of damage. And Triple Zero gives you that option.
Additionally, Triple Zero can automatically assign the Bleeding condition to any adjacent figure with his Invasive Procedure ability. More than that, the Invasive Procedure ability also deals one point of damage and one point of strain, and it empowers the sadistic droid for future rounds by granting him the Focused condition.
Finally, Triple Zero's Unnerving gaze Weakens each adjacent enemy at the end of his activation. Since he's a melee-driven combatant, this ability comes in handy whenever Triple Zero activates early in a round, moving in for the kill and then ending his action adjacent to one or more enemies. By assigning each of those enemies the Weakened condition, Triple Zero effectively increases his defenses, gaining the equivalent of an evaded against each of them.
The Droid Uprising
For all that it offers your Imperial Assault campaign, the BT-1 and 0-0-0 Villain Pack may have its greatest impact in the skirmish game where its evil droids and innovative command cards can give real teeth to your all-Droid army.
As an example, such an army could pair BT-1 and 0-0-0 with a host of other droids. In the sample army below, we find Bee Tee and Triple Zero leading a force that also includes four standard Probe Droids and one elite Probe Droid , plus the deadly bounty hunter IG-88. The concentrated focus on these droids then gives extra weight to all of your command cards with the Droid trait, including Overdrive , Repair , Devotion , and the new Shared Experience .
Since it can re-draw itself from your discard pile, Shared Experience can play as many as seven times in this list. And while it's the first command card to feature this new "re-draw" mechanic, it's not the only command card to feature a new mechanic. BT-1's Ballistics Matrix is the first command card that attaches to a Deployment card to enhance a unit, and it grants BT-1 the ability to ignore other figures as he draws line of sight for one of his attacks.
Of course, since you have eight Droid units in your Droid Uprising army, you should have plenty of ways to play Devotion to pull Ballistics Matrix or IG-88's Blaze of Glory or 0-0-0's Eerie Visage . And this means you should be able to make early and effective use of whichever of these cards best suits your purposes.
With all these angry droids at your disposal, it should come as little surprise that the expansion's new skirmish missions are titled Rogue AI and Abandoned Research. And in the end, while your droid army tears through the Tarkin Initiative's abandoned labs in search of whatever new technologies or secrets they may uncover, it won't really matter if they're ripping apart your foes because they were programmed to do so or because they found that they enjoyed it. The only thing that will matter is how little these droids now need their meatbag creators.
Devious Droids
"I say, BT, you certainly do make a mess."
–0-0-0
Whether you use them to terrorize your friends in your campaign or blow apart opposing forces in skirmish, BT-1 and 0-0-0 are bound to make an explosive impact upon your games of Imperial Assault.
How will you make use of them? Share your thoughts with the members of our community forums. Then head to your favorite local game store to pre-order your copy of the BT-1 and 0-0-0 Villain Pack today!
All-Rounder Roundup
Of June's two major pre-Tour de France tuneup stage races, this week's Critérium du Dauphiné has a reputation for being the one most favored by the Grand Tour's top General Classification contenders, and this year that is especially true. With Froome, Contador, Valverde, and Rodriguez opting to take on the Critérium, the upcoming Tour de Suisse is starting to look like the practice run for some of the Tour de France's other favorites. Still, the Tour de Suisse startlist is sporting some big names, and with the three Spaniards not exactly blowing the doors off of the Dauphiné (though Froome looks dominant), many of the GC-types at the Suisse will be looking to prove that they, too, belong among the list of Tour de France podium favorites.
Some of the more well-known GC-type names in attendance at the Suisse? Tejay van Garderen, Rui Costa, Ryder Hesjedal, Michele Scarponi, Fabian Cancellara, and (obligatorily) Andy Schleck. However, just as is the case for the Critérium du Dauphiné, the top names at the Suisse may or may not decide to make an attempt at being the top performers overall. This is true for any race, of course, but it is especially true for the final race prior to cycling's biggest event.
Still, BMC told Cycling News that van Garderen is looking for a win at the Suisse, and we're inclined to believe that the American will give it his best shot. After a commanding performance at the Tour of California, van Garderen looks like he has only gotten stronger since his top 5 finish at last year's Tour de France. With the team's full support, it's hard to see van Garderen as anything but a favorite.
Last year's winner Rui Costa put in a strong performance at the Tour de Romandie in April, taking third (repeating his 2012 performance), showing strong form in advance of the Suisse. The rider from Portugal is the type who will probably not be sandbagging for the Tour de France, so if he's feeling good, expect him to push for the GC at the Suisse with the full support of an ever-impressive Movistar team.
Canadian Ryder Hesjedal failed to defend his Giro title, abandoning the race before it reached its hardest stages, stating that his withdrawal was due to illness. It's hard to say whether or not he's back up to his form, but if so, he'll be happy to have a chance to prove that he's ready again to handle a big stage race. Michele Scarponi, on the other hand, had a very strong Giro, but he finished the whole thing and might not be ready just yet to push for a victory in the Suisse.
Cancellara won the Suisse a few years back, but since then he seems content to go for stage wins in his native territory; I don't see why this year would be different, as he's not a natural Alp-climber. Not much to say about Andy Schleck—he has yet to show that he's still got it.
There are a number of other names who will challenge, especially given that many of them aren't just here for the tuneup. Blanco is absolutely stacked. They bring a stable of impressive all-rounders to the Suisse. Steven Kruijswijk was 3rd here in 2011. Bauke Mollema took 5th that year and has had strong performances in some of the Europe Tour stage races so far this year. A bit under the radar still, Wilco Kelderman showed good form at this year's Giro, placing within the top 20, and he was 5h in Romandie and 6th at the Tour Down Under. He's a great time trialist and one to watch. Luis Leon Sanchez is here, too. The number of possible contenders they have makes it difficult to tab one as a winning pick.
Saxo-Tinkoff's Roman Kreuziger, winner of the 2008 Suisse and at least on form enough this year to take a victory at Amstel Gold, should put in a strong performance; Nicolas Roche is here, too. Katusha's Simon Špilak stands to build on his growing reputation as a strong GC guy after a 2nd place overall and a stage win in Romandie. In terms of form, he seems like one of the best bets to go far at the Suisse. Domenico Pozzovivo is another possible contender after a top 10 at the Giro.
Garmin's Dan Martin has had a terrific year so far, winning Cataluyna and Liege-Bastogne-Liege. Given teammate Ryder Hesjedal's big disappointment in the Giro, Garmin may be open to giving Martin a chance to show his stuff; this one may simply come down to whether Martin wants to push for victory or be content as a support rider. I think he wants to continue to prove himself as a GC type guy, and he certainly has the chops for a strong performance if he gives it his all. Mathias Frank is another interesting name whose role is as of yet unclear—surely he'd like to put in a strong performance in his home tour, and his past results have shown that he's capable, but will BMC let him ride for his own edification?
Stagehunters
The aforementioned Fabian Cancellara will certainly produce some highlights in a number of stages, with time trials and hillier sprints awaiting his skillset. He had another laurel-filled Spring campaign and will be tough to beat on his home turf. On the flip side, Philippe Gilbert's spring campaign was an immense disappointment. He has yet to earn his first victory of the year; he hasn't even podiumed in a WorldTour race in 2013 yet. The rainbow jersey should be out for stage wins, but he and Cancellara will face stiff competition for points: Peter Sagan is here, coming off another strong Tour of California (after another amazing Spring). John Degenkolb and Orica's Michael Albasini and Matthew Goss will be in the mix as well. This year's “flat” stages seem to cater to all of these guys, with some bumps thrown in to keep things interesting. It will be interesting to see if Gilbert can finally notch his first WorldTour win this year against so many familiar faces. The Suisse has also potential for breakaway winners, so watch out for the ageless Jens Voigt, who showed California audiences in May that he's still got it.
Stages
Stage 1: Quinto | 8.1km | ITT
Stage 2: Quinto > Crans-Montana | 170.1km | Summit Finish
Stage 3: Montreux > Meiringen | 203.3km | High Mountains
Stage 4: Innertkirchen > Buochs | 161km | Medium Mountains
Stage 5: Buochs > Leuggern | 176.4km | Flat
Stage 6: Leuggern > Meilen | 186.1km | Flat
Stage 7: Meilen > La Punt | 206km | High Mountains
Stage 8: Zernez > Bad Ragaz | 180.5km | Medium Mountains
Stage 9: Bad Ragaz > Flumserberg | 26.8km | ITT (Mountain)
GC Predictions
Winner: Tejay van Garderen
Podium: Rui Costa, Simon Spilak
Other strong contenders: Bauke Mollema, Wilco Kelderman, Roman Kreuziger, Mathias Frank, Dan Martin
-Dane Cash
Photo by Alfio Brignoni.
Spread the love
“How can a drunk…off duty police officer shoot someone that is unarmed and get away with it?”
Louisville, KY– The jury reached their verdict on Thursday evening in the case of former Louisville officer Chauncey Carthan, who pulled over and shot a man while under the influence and off duty.
The former detective was acquitted on the charges of wanton endangerment and official misconduct, the charges relating to the actual shooting of Ishmael Gough, but was found guilty of driving under the influence.
Carthan now only has to pay a $500 fine.
“We the jury find the defendant, Chauncey Carthan, not guilty. Will pay only a fine, avoiding jail time.”
The shocking verdict came after only three hours of deliberations.
On the evening of September 4, 2012, Carthan left a friend's house after drinking, and despite being drunk and off duty, proceeded to pull over Ishmael Gough for speeding.
Carthan claims he identified himself as a police officer and Gough initially complied, but says that at some point Gough “lunged” at the drunken officer, which is when Carthan shot him in the leg. Carthan was wearing shorts and a t-shirt in the dashcam footage from the incident.
Carthan's attorney, Steve Schroering, argued that his client had no choice but to shoot Gough, and insists he was acting in self defense. An interesting claim, as the non uniformed officer was drunkenly harassing and pointing a weapon at this man and clearly initiated the confrontation.
“His words to me were something to the effect of, ‘How can a drunk off-duty police officer shoot someone that's unarmed and get away with it?'” Gough reportedly asked the prosecutor after the verdict was handed down.
On Wednesday, the day before the jury began its deliberations, Gough took the stand to describe his version of events. The prosecution maintains that the officer failed to properly identify himself, an extremely plausible claim given the officer's attire.
The victim testified for approximately an hour, describing Carthan as aggressive, telling him he was a police officer while pointing a gun, and ordering him to get on the ground, but never informing Gough of what he did wrong, WDRB reports. Gough also testified that he was walking backwards with his hands in the air when he was shot.
In the 9-11 call that was released following the incident, a woman who was witnessing the incident describes what she is seeing.
“He's got his gun, he's saying he's police though, but dude's begging for his life down here on the ground.” she explains. “The male who has the gun says hes police?” the dispatcher asks. “Yeah, he said he's the police, but I dont know. He ain't got no uniform, no badge, no nothing- but he's got this pistol pointing at the dude.” the caller continued. In the background after she finishes her statement you hear a man crying out in pain and begging for help. Gough had been shot in the leg.
Gough will now be filing a civil suit against the officer. There is no indication the officer will be allowed to return to the force at this time.
Earlier this week, the Pentagon announced the first Minerva Research Initiative awards, which will fund social science research on key strategic issues.
Seven projects were selected out of a total of 211 proposals. The Pentagon will commit a total of up to $50 million to those research efforts.
That's chump change, of course, compared to your typical Pentagon procurement. Hell, it won't even buy you half an Osprey. But it's a lot of money for the world of academic research. So it's worth taking a closer look at the researchers who will lead the individual projects:
Susan Shirk of the University of California at San Diego. Shirk will lead a project titled "The Evolving Relationship between Technology and National Security in China: Innovation, Defense Transformation and China's Place in the Global Technology Order."
Arizona State Religious Studies prof Mark Woodward. His team will investigate "counter radical-Muslim discourse." (Read Woodward's recent commentary on the Bush shoe-throwing incident here.)
Arms control expert Patricia Lewis, who is deputy director and scientist-in-residence at the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies at the Monterey Institute of International Studies. Her project will look at Iraqi perspectives on the U.S. wars in the Middle East.
Jacob Shapiro of Princeton University. Shapiro studies the organizational aspects of terrorism; his proposal was titled "Terrorism Governance and Development."
San Francisco State University psychology prof David Matsumoto, who leads a project called "Emotion and Intergroup Relations."
Foreign policy expert James Lindsay of the University of Texas. He is leading an investigation into the effects of climate change on state stability in Africa.
MIT's Nazli Choucri. Her project will focus on "cyber international relations."
Minerva has prompted a lot of debate within academia about the wisdom of accepting Pentagon funds. In a way, that's the point: As Secretary of Defense Robert Gates (himself a former president of Texas A&M University) has said, Minerva is supposed to repair a rift between the military and the academy. And as the initiative proceeds, it is bound to see more controversy.
[PHOTO: Minerva's owl via pbase]
ALSO:
* Pentagon's Project Minerva Sparks New Anthro Concerns
* Pentagon Kicks Off Social Science Consortium
* Human Terrain's 'Catch-22'
* Gates: Human Terrain Teams Going Through 'Growing Pains'
* Pentagon Looks to Network Science to Predict Future
* In Iraq, Psyops Team Plays on Iran Fears, Soccer Love
* How Technology Almost Lost the War
* Pentagon's 'Know the Enemy' Task Force
* Intel Geek Squad Targets Culture, Language
* Exploring Baghdad's "Human Terrain"
* Academics Turn on "Human Terrain" Whistleblower
* Army Social Scientists Calm Afghanistan, Make Enemies at Home
* Anthro Wars Heat Up
So um, remember this crazy 14-inch transparent OLED display Samsung was showing off perched atop a laptop at CES? Yea, that might be in the shops within the next 12 months. If that doesn't get you tingling with excitement, we don't know what will. Samsung will start its big push toward translucency with the IceTouch PMP, which we found to have a gorgeous 2-inch display in our earlier hands-on , but it's already working away in the labs on turning the prototype above into a concrete retail product. The IceTouch is slated to make its US arrival early in the first half of this year, priced at around $332. European availability is as yet unconfirmed, but the Korean's company is being very ambitious about its technology, suggesting that windscreen-mounted SatNav units could be next on the agenda and ruling nothing out as it strives to bring its transparent AMOLED displays into the mainstream.
Koko FitClub, a technologically advanced, "smart" new way to train and tone opens Wednesday in State College.
The first of its kind to open in Pennsylvania, Koko FitClub, 277 Northland Center, is open to members 24 hours a day, seven days a week and offers a unique workout experience for all ages, body types and fitness levels.
The new center is owned and operated by Centre County residents Mark and Nena Koschny. Nena said she and her husband envision an environment where clients will feel comfortable and relaxed, even, during their time at a not-so-average gym.
The husband and wife plan to open a second State College Koko FitClub in January.
Lauded by the Los Angeles Times, Newsweek and The Boston Globe, among other publications, Koko FitClub touts an atmosphere that is more like a spa than a gym and has the technology to encourage each client to enjoy his or her workout.
Koko FitClub's trademark Smartraining is the key to its success, which designs custom workouts around each client's needs and goals. Through a user interface screen, the Smartrainer guides each person through the workout and tracks their progress.
The Smartraining method control the user's pace, or time under tension, which means a more effective workout in less time. It holds about 100 circuit-based exercises, teaches exercise form, evaluates and adjusts the user's range of motion and weight based on performance.
Koko FitClub strength training workouts can be completed in 30 minutes or less and cardio workouts can be completed in 15 minutes or less. Both produce results the same way a 30- or 60-minute workout would because the user can simulate hikes and climbs on different terrain around the country.
Members can track their complete progress online at mykokofitness.com and compare all workouts and fitness plans.
Koko FitClub offers a range of fitness plans and even awards activity points to members based on progress.
Membership is limited but affordable, Koschny said. There is a one-time $99 lifetime joining fee per family. Subsequent membership runs monthly at $79 per month.
For complete details on the innovative exercise experience, visit kokofitclub.com or visit the newest location, where team members are on site from 7 a.m. through 7 p.m.
Adam "friberg" Friberg steps down from NiP starting roster
Adam "friberg" Friberg will be stepping down from the starting roster, replaced by Fredrik “REZ” Sterner, formerly of Epsilon Esports.
Following an extensive stint with Ninjas in Pyjamas, spanning almost five years, Adam "friberg" Friberg has stepped down from the starting roster. Filling his shoes will be Fredrik "REZ" Sterner, now former member of Epsilon Esports. The decision comes as no surprise, especially considering the extensive period of stagnation and negative results that plagued Ninjas in Pyjamas roster.
In March 2017 the team brought in William "draken" Sunden in an attempt to rectify issues present within the roster. Whilst their new AWPer has shown great results and a consistent performance, the team was still missing top end tournament finishes and consistency, something the organisation hopes to address with the replacement of Friberg.
As mentioned previously, replacing Friberg will be Fredrik "REZ" Sterner. The young man expressed the following after being signed:
“
”
I am extremely happy to have been given the opportunity to play for NiP. This is a dream for every player that is working their way into the top scene. Together with the NiP team, I strongly believe we'll reach the top. Reuniting with draken is also something that I'm really looking forward to as he's been a long time teammate and a close friend. I am stoked to continue my career together with him and the other guys at NiP.
Whilst it is indeed easier to focus on the negative aspect of what the team has experience in recent times, Adam "friberg" Friberg was a crucial part of the legendary Ninjas in Pyjamas roster of 2014/2015, where the team managed to accrue an unthinkable 87-0 win/loss record, as well as multiple high-end finishes at Major tournaments during their performance peak. No announcements have been issued regarding the Swedish veteran's future.
Hicham Chahine, CEO of Ninjas in Pyjamas had the following to say:
“
”
Coming into Ninjas in Pyjamas less than a year ago, my focus has been to lay a plan for the future. What has been achieved at NiP with such a long standing lineup is remarkable, and not the norm in esports from an organizational perspective. As we look forward, we are extremely happy to add our second up and coming player to the roster. We believe Fredrik ”REZ” Sterner will be an excellent fit for the Ninjas in Pyjamas family, and are excited to further develop him to perform at his full capacity. To Adam, thank you so much for everything.
Images and video courtesy of NiPGaming
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
April 24, 2016, 11:36 AM GMT / Updated April 24, 2016, 3:56 PM GMT By Halimah Abdullah
Most days, BriGette McCoy does just fine.
Her work advocating for the victims of military sexual assaults and female veterans keeps her busy and her mind off of the painful memories of being raped at 18 — twice in one year — during her stint in the military.
This week, the raw emotion came flooding back when she learned, through the organization Protect Our Defenders, an advocacy group for victims of military sexual assaults, that the Pentagon may have mischaracterized how such cases are prosecuted in military courts.
McCoy, who testified before Congress in 2013 that an independent council — rather than commanders — should review military sexual assaults, said she feels “re-traumatized” by the news.
“Getting a report saying they, with air quotes, misled, it's like wow, we know this, they've always misled,” said McCoy who sits on the advocacy group's board. “They are misleading you on the number of assaults, the number being prosecuted.”
Related: Reports of Sexual Assault in Military Increase Again
As reported this week by the Associated Press and confirmed by NBC News, documents obtained by a FOIA request by Protect Our Defenders raise new questions about the Pentagon's claim that it was often more aggressive than civilian authorities in prosecuting sexual assault cases involving members of the military.
In testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee on July 18, 2013, Adm. James Winnefeld, then vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said, for example, that Army commanders had pursued 49 sexual assault cases over two years after civilian authorities declined to prosecute, obtaining 25 convictions. He likewise stated that Marine Corps commanders prosecuted 28 cases declined by civilian prosecutors, resulting in 16 convictions.
Related: Testimony on Military Sexual Assault Prosecutions
"I would add, Senator McCaskill, some of these are very heinous cases that the DAs would not take,"Winnefeld said. "One of them was a 10-year-old autistic girl who was sexually assaulted. We took the case. The commander insisted on it, and a conviction was obtained."
However, in some of these cases, Protect Our Defenders asserts, there was an understanding with local law enforcement that the military would prosecute. The military acknowledges such working relationships and says the data presented during the hearing was a "snapshot".
The numbers from the Marine Corps, for example, were "in no way meant to be an exhaustive review of such cases, or be critical of local authority involvement," the Marine Corps said in a statement to NBC News on Friday.
Read: 2014 Report of the Response Systems to Adult Sexual Crimes Panel
Critics say Winnefeld's testimony helped undercut congressional support for bipartisan legislation seeking to remove authority to investigate sexual assault cases from military commanders and instead place it with military prosecutors.
The findings prompted Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-New York and Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, to write to President Barack Obama this week urging him to look into “whether the Pentagon has accorded this issue the importance it deserves.”
Read: Letter to President on Military Sexual Assaults
“Due to the very serious nature of these allegations, we request that you direct an independent investigation into this matter,” the senators wrote.
“This definitely bears further review. Both the administration and this Congress should demand answers and accountability here,” Marc Brumer, a spokesperson for Gillibrand's office, told NBC News.
Gillibrand was a sponsor of the 2013 legislation that would have removed the decision of whether to prosecute military sexual assaults from the chain of command, a move that the Pentagon vigorously opposed.
That measure ultimately failed to move forward after a procedural vote.
The defeat was notable in that it came after months of an intense split between Gillibrand and fellow Democrat and Armed Services Committee member, Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri. McCaskill, who like Gillibrand, sought reforms in the process and met with victims, felt that the military should work internally to make changes.
Related: Gillibrand, McCaskill Grill Military Leaders Over Handling of Sexual Assault
“I think it cannot be lost that this was told to Congress to stop senator Gillibrand's bill with the warning that if this comes to pass there will be fewer prosecutions,” said former Air Force chief prosecutor Col. Don Christensen, who has retired and is now president of Protect Our Defenders. “That is extremely unfair to a lot of civilian jurisdictions that have fostered good relations with the military.”
The Pentagon on Friday pushed back against the notion that they deliberately misled Congress when Winnefeld, who has since retired, told lawmakers three years ago that removing the process from the chain of command would result in fewer military sexual assault prosecutions.
"Admiral Winnefeld's testimony and subsequent correspondence with members of Congress regarding the decision of the military to investigate and prosecute sexual assault cases after civilian authorities did not pursue a full investigation or formally declined to prosecute was a snapshot based on data available provided to him by the Services at the time,” Marine Lt. Col. Gabrielle M. Hermes, a Pentagon spokeswoman told NBC News in a statement.
The Pentagon also says they never mischaracterized the nature of how they work with civilian partners.
“In the adjudication of criminal charges, civilian prosecutors have different authorities than the military and can, depending on the jurisdiction, have different availability of resources to aid in these determinations,” Hermes said in a statement. “These combined factors have the possibility of resulting in different courses of action for both civilian and military authorities.”
For example, in any cases involving military personnel, the Marine Corps works closely with local authorities, said Maj. Clark Carpenter, a Marine Corps spokesman.
And sometimes the local authorities defer to the military, defense officials said.
"A declination can be formal or can be a ceding of jurisdiction. As such, declinations occur for many reasons, such as a determination from civilian authorities that there was insufficient evidence to pursue an investigation or charges, a deferral to military authorities, or the victim's preference or cooperation," Carpenter said in a statement. "Among all 28 cases, the Marine Corps obtained 14 convictions under Article 120 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice, which deals with rape, sexual assaults and other sexual misconduct. Additionally, the Marine Corps obtained convictions for collateral misconduct in five other cases."
Christensen calls the military's response "nonsensical."
Bottom line, he said, "They threw out numbers there was no basis for."
McCaskill's office said the senator has asked each of the military branches for a briefing to get to questions of inconsistencies.
However, the senator's office maintains that, despite the debate over the method of how the cases were characterized, the number of cases presented during testimony and in a report — at least 90 —show that commanders aren't ignoring military sexual assaults.
“The importance of these cases is that they show definitively that commanders don't sweep sexual assault cases under the carpet — on the contrary, the numbers continue to prove that commanders aggressively pursue courts-martial,” Sarah Feldman, a McCaskill spokesperson said in a statement. “Especially when stacked against the very few cases that show the opposite, these numbers starkly refute the central argument made by those who want to strip commanders of their ability to launch courts-martial.”
Related: 5% of Military Sexual Assault Reports End in Sentences: Report
The office also maintains that while agreements between local law enforcement and military installations generally give local law enforcement the right of first refusal, the cases still backup the Pentagon's assertion that the military pursues court martial when local law enforcement opts not to prosecute.
The Pentagon reports there were 6,131 reported assaults in 2014 — a decrease of 11 percent from 2013.
But a RAND Military Workplace Study estimates there were 20,300 actual assaults, a number that would mean about 30 percent of sexual assaults in the military are actually reported.
The military points to efforts such as the creation by the Marine Corps of a victim legal advocacy programas proof that their efforts to support victims is working.
“That does show a commitment by commanders that sexual assault does not have a place in our system,” Carpenter said.
The Pentagon AFP - Getty Images file
The Pentagon also says the climate is changing.
“Through decisive leadership, military commanders and leaders at all levels are committed in establishing and maintaining the proper command climate with the highest of standards while holding everyone accountable to those standards to ensure all service members are treated with dignity and respect,” Hermes said in a statement. “They are committed to combating, reducing and eliminating sexual assault - a crime that has no place in the military."
Changing perhaps, but not fast enough, say victims' rights advocates.
“I was in for 23 years saw this from every side prosecutor, defense council and judge. One of the biggest problems we have is the people making the most critical decision have the least training and knowledge and they're also the most distracted,” Christensen said. “We turn the decisions over to the generals to make these decisions. It brings in the politics of command on whether someone to be charged or not rather than those that have the legal experience to know what cases should go forward.”
BriGette McCoy Courtesy BriGette McCoy
McCoy, the sexual assault victim who testified in favor of removing the decision on whether to prosecute from commanders, now has a more immediate concern: her teenage daughter has expressed a desire to enlist.
“I struggle with whether she should go into the military or not,” she said.
Spy Tiki
ZuluMagoo
Tiki Socialite
Joined: Jun 26, 2002
Posts: 485
From: Denver, CO
Posted: 2009-01-31 11:02 am Permalink
I was in San Diego last week for a few days for a business trip and was able to spend a few hours doing some tiki research in the Central Branch of the San Diego Public Library.
I found this ad for the Bali Hai in a 1963 phonebook.
I love the fact they were playng up the cold war aspect in the current political climate.
To those unfamilar with the Bali Hai, it is located directly across the channel from the US Naval Air Station at North Island (home to the US Navy Seals). It is quite a sight to see the naval traffic coming and going thru the channel while sipping a Mai Tai at the bar. While I was there, The USS Nimitz and the USS Ronald Reagan (both nuclear powered aircraft carriers) were in port.
Maybe its time to dispatch Sam Gambino's Secret Tiki Agent 006 on the case.
[ This Message was edited by: ZuluMagoo 2009-01-31 11:06 ]
Bay Park Buzzy
Tiki Socialite
Joined: Apr 07, 2006
Posts: 3057
From: West Bay Park, San Diego, CA
Posted: 2009-01-31 11:30 am Permalink
Quote:
On 2009-01-31 11:02, ZuluMagoo wrote:
I love the fact they were playng up the cold war aspect in the current political climate.
It was even more appropriate back then because the Navy used to have its battleship fleet stationed directly across the channel from the Bali Hai. You can see the wrecked and decaying dock pylons where they were kept just off the shore there now. Just a bit up the shore a way is where they currently store and load the ordinance for the ships. That's what all those small, partially underground bunkers that you can see are for. The docks have special lights on them to signal recreational boaters to stay away while they are loading the bombs. You can see that area from the Bali Hai.
Go Navy!
Buzzy Out!
_________________
[ This Message was edited by: Bay Park Buzzy 2009-01-31 11:31 ]
VampiressRN
Grand Member (first year)
Joined: Nov 23, 2006
Posts: 6166
From: Sun City Lincoln Hills (NorCal)
Posted: 2011-11-07 6:13 pm Permalink
Not to mention the sub-flotilla bunked in the crevasses of Point Loma. Back in those days San Diego was one of the best protected harbors in the US. I saw Dr No at the Navy Base theater when it first came out with my cousin who was in the Navy. That theater full of Navy, Marine, Air force, Seal and other service men was such a hoot. Those guys were shouting from start to finish every time Bond won a girl or kicked some butt. I was instantly hooked on the spy genre!!!
I am really looking forward to this Oasis.
_________________
"Oh waiter, another cocktail please!!!"
socksoff
Tiki Socialite
Joined: Jul 26, 2010
Posts: 214
From: A private Island off the coast of Macau
Posted: 2011-11-10 5:22 pm Permalink
Quote:
On 2009-01-31 12:27, spy-tiki wrote:
You rang?
no i did. what's shaking pal?
Otto
Grand Member (3 years)
Joined: Mar 29, 2002
Posts: 980
From: NorCal
Posted: 2012-01-08 6:43 pm Permalink
Of course there are dozens of examples of Spy movies and TV shows that have nominally exotic fare
I was impressed with the amount of Exotica in Our Man Flint
He has four girlfriends, one of each nationality (a common motif of Exotica record covers of the late 50s)
He has a penthouse apartment full of modern and primitive art
The entryway to his apartment has a large Papau New Guinea painting whose eye opens to reveal a camera
If you are a secret agent you go to "Exotic" nightclubs
and you hang out in Shag-like apartments like this
You frequent underground beatnik jazz clubs with burlesque dancers
The bomb in the nightclub is a topless wahine emerging from a face cream canister labeled "exotica"
Your female villain trying to kill you might look like this
And you disguise yourself as a Don the Beachcomber's waiter
Then it's off to a secret ultra-exotic tropical island
Where you will be serenaded by a flute/lute/guitar trio while bikini-clad babes wander by
of course there is a swingin 60s go go dance party going on!
and a garden of earthly delights
and a drive in movie full of MGs that are used as your seats
!
Then they escape over Niagra Falls in barrels with the logo: "exotica"
--
check out videos of Tiki Oasis 11 here:
http://www.youtube.com/user/tikioasistv?feature=watch
[ This Message was edited by: Otto 2012-05-16 22:29 ]
AquaZombie
Tiki Socialite
Joined: Aug 01, 2003
Posts: 461
From: Thrillville
Posted: 2012-01-08 11:17 pm Permalink
Otto tapped me as his "point man" for this year's theme. I accepted the mission and am ready for any and all assignments.
AquaZombie
Tiki Socialite
Joined: Aug 01, 2003
Posts: 461
From: Thrillville
Posted: 2012-01-09 11:51 pm Permalink
My friend Yvonne Craig was in "Our Man Flint" and had great things to say about her co-star. Unfortunately, she no longer does personal appearances so she won't be at TO12 to tell us about it. She was a special guest at my Parkway/Thrillville screening of "It Happened at the World's Fair" in August 2000, along with Gary "2001" Lockwood. Neither one had ever even seen the movie before. After 20 minutes they got up and went out in the lobby - but only after I got to sit next to Yvonne on a couch, watching Elvis seduce her on a sofa onscreen...
JOHN-O
Tiki Socialite
Joined: May 16, 2008
Posts: 2720
From: Dogtown, USA
Posted: 2012-01-10 09:28 am Permalink
Yvonne Craig was certainly one of the more prolific pop culture actresses of the 1960's.
She showed up in almost every well remembered TV series from that era... 77 Sunset Strip, Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea, McHale's Navy, The Man from UNCLE, My Favorite Martian, The Wild Wild West, (etc. etc.) and of course Batman.
My favorite was when she played an Exotica girl from outer space in an episode of Star Trek...
Based on the spy fad and the prevalence of Tiki during that time, there's got to be lots more cross pop cultural Spy/Tiki/Exotica pollination examples that can be pointed out.
Like this great post that Sabu did...
http://www.tikiroom.com/tikicentral/bb/viewtopic.php?topic=302&forum=1&vpost=558053
And maybe not Spy Tiki (more like Tiki Spy), Gilligan's Island had several plots that involved secret agents...
AquaZombie
Tiki Socialite
Joined: Aug 01, 2003
Posts: 461
From: Thrillville
Posted: 2012-01-10 1:10 pm Permalink
I can ask if she'll come down anyway, since she lives in LA. She might like the "vacation."
spy-tiki
Tiki Socialite
Joined: May 11, 2003
Posts: 746
From: glendale, ca
Posted: 2012-01-10 6:38 pm Permalink
I started going through the archives here at Spy Bop Royale a while back with the idea of selling DigiTiki on a Spy Tiki episode of Quiet Village with less success than you would think. I'm still working on it, but it seems the spies of the 60's kept mostly to South America and the Caribbean for their tropical Holidays. There are more bossa novas than you can count and several tunes that must have been written immediately after the composer listened to one of his Les Baxter albums, but very little that's directly Polynesian or faux Polynesian.
Speaking of Derek Flint, The theme to "Our Man Flint" and "Hypnotique" are practically the same tune. There's a nice medley of the two by The Moonrays on their "Thrills And Chills" CD.
[ This Message was edited by: spy-tiki 2012-01-10 18:40 ]
An MRI exam Monday revealed that Milwaukee Brewers outfielder Ryan Braun is suffering from an oblique strain, and not an intercostal strain as originally believed, according to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel.
There is still no timetable for his return.
Ryan Braun has six home runs in 22 games this year. AP Photo/Chris Szagola
"I think it's good to know exactly what we're dealing with, we can figure out exactly how to treat it," said Braun, according to the paper. "The primary purpose of the MRI was to figure out where the primary issue is so we can figure out what to do with it.
"I get treatment twice a day and hope for the best and see what happens. That's all you can do with these things. I'll get treatment as much as I can and do what we can to make it better."
Braun missed his second straight game Monday night. He was injured Saturday in a win over the Cubs.
"I asked the trainers what they think, but when you talk about the oblique muscle with Braun, it's really hard to guess at how long that takes," manager Ron Roenicke told the Sentinel.
"He was a lot better [Monday]," Roenicke continued. "I didn't think he'd be able to but with these things sometimes they come in and they're a lot better. If he's a lot better tomorrow, that means he can probably start taking BP and we'll see where we are."
Elian Herrera is starting for Braun in right field.
"It definitely makes a difference in the lineup," said Roenicke, according to the paper. "Right now, we don't have an option in what we're doing. Herrera is basically our guy. We have talked about putting [infielder Mark] Reynolds out there. Who knows? We may end up doing it or maybe we end up switching some personnel and try to cover."
Braun is hitting .318 with six homers and 18 RBIs in 22 games.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
It gets worse. In the late 19th / early 20th century, not many people were keen to hire the Irish ... except the police. If you were willing to get shot in the noble pursuit of beating other poor folks about the head and shoulders with an old timey club, you too could join the force. Pretty soon, the "paddy wagons" weren't just transporting Paddies; they were also driven by them. It's amazing what systemic racism can do when it puts its mind to it!
1 Zombies Evolved From The Horrific Fates Of French Slaves
via The Daily Mail
If you want to blame anyone for the glut of zombies in modern fiction, you can blame George Romero and his 1968 indie hit Night Of The Living Dead. But if you want to get to the source of the problem, you might want to jump into your time machine and travel to 17th/18th-century Haiti. WARNING: This will not be an enjoyable trip for the melanin-privileged.
via Child Hope
Trust us on this ...
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Back then, Haiti was known as Saint-Domingue, and was a French colony that took in all the slaves they could brutally work to death. That turned out to be a lot. African slaves worked on the sugar plantations in inhumane and brutal conditions. Half of the workers would die within their first few years of servitude. The other half tended to kill themselves. Which is actually worse than you think: See, the religion of the Haitian natives forbade suicide. The slaves believed that upon dying, your freed soul could spend the afterlife back in Africa, but that those who took their lives would be forced to roam the same place where they died for all eternity.
Eventually, the Haitian myth got mixed up with voodoo beliefs about powerful shamans being able to raise the dead. Over time, all of this came together to create a brand-new myth of corpses rising from the grave to roam the land while killing everything in their path. And then hundreds of years later, we made movies about how these monstrosities might be good boyfriend material.
For more ways you're being totally intolerant, check out 8 Racist Words You Use Every Day and 5 Things You Say Often With Horrible Historical Origins.
Subscribe to our YouTube channel, and check out 7 Racist And Sexist Ads That Are Shockingly Recent, and other videos you won't see on the site!
Also, follow us on Facebook, and we'll be your best friends forever.
Gunz For Hire talk about their Mysteryland set, the impact of raw hardstyle, and more!
Ran-D & Adaro, better known as Gunz For Hire, produce some of the best euphoric and raw hardstyle tracks in the scene. Currently on their “Armed & Dangerous” tour, they continue to travel the globe donned in mysterious masks and guns playing some of the biggest stages in the world, including Mysteryland, Tomorrowland, and EDC Las Vegas.
Gunz For Hire stays fresh with their pounding reverse bass, hands-in-the-air melodies and ready-to-be-screamed vocal lines. They are perfect examples of hardstyle being a way of life.
Watch Gunz For Hire – “Armed & Dangerous” World Tour Preview on YouTube:
You're playing the Q-dance stage at Mysteryland 2017 – do you have anything special planned for fans since you're closing out the first night at the stage?
The Mysteryland gig is part of our “Armed & Dangerous” tour and we have worked very hard in the studio before the tour to make lots of new tracks and you can hear them all on Saturday, combined with some classics and unexpected oldies!
For fans who are new to the scene, what tracks would you suggest best represent your dark and raw hardstyle sound?
Well, with Gunz For Hire we don't have 1 sound that's only dark. We also create a lot of party tracks with a raw edge. For the new hardstylers, if you like it more melodic, then check out Plata O Plomo, Bolivia or our bootleg of Warriors by Imagine Dragons. If you like it more raw than check out our latest bombs like Armed & Dangerous, Welcome to Deathrow or last year's tour anthem No Mercy.
Do either of you have any pre-show rituals or traditions before you take the stage at an event?
No 😉
The ‘No Mercy' tour incorporated mini-movies and visuals to tell a story throughout the set. What were the crowd reactions to the enhanced experience?
The crowd reactions were great! We were the first to do this in our scene, and the majority of the reactions were like, “We've never seen something like this!”, that was awesome. With the new tour you can again witness a visual spectacle!
Gunz for Hire has toured with themes such as ‘Gangsters Paradise' and ‘Armed & Dangerous' – why does hardstyle play together so well with the crime and mafia theme?
Well, the whole theme of Gunz For Hire is built around the gangster world and crime, so a lot of our tracks have connections with this theme. It's rough and raw and that's why it fits with the raw music.
You've been releasing productions under the Gunz For Hire alias since 2011. How has the hardstyle scene, in terms of music production, changed over the years?
With the popularity of the raw scene the last few years the kicks became much harder. And since last year with the influence of psytrance and other genres, there became more variety in the sounds of kicks. Anything is possible now and it makes it way more interesting for us as producers. You can also see a change in sound, raw is becoming more varied and the scene is on the way back to more melodic music again, a great development in musical and creative point of view.
Do full-length albums still play an important role in the hardstyle scene?
It's still important in the hardstyle scene because we have a real dedicated scene and our fans still buy albums. An album can give a boost your career, because you are setting yourself in the picture and it's a great tool for your marketing. The downside is that there is an overkill in artist-albums so the impact is less and shorter than a couple of years ago, but the overkill also gives chances to stand out with a great album. With Gunz For Hire we're not planning an album at the moment, we are dropping single tracks with accompanying videos.
Has there been any pressure to make more radio-friendly tracks to increase popularity for the genre?
No, absolutely not. That's not the task of Gunz For Hire, we don't care that we are not on the radio. Our music is not for the mainstream masses, but for the hardstyle crowd.
Finally, what are your favorite horror movies?
We both like the good quality horror movies, in the latest years, for example, The Conjuring movies and we are looking forward to the remake of IT.
Connect with Gunz For Hire on Social Media:
Website | Facebook | Twitter | SoundCloud | YouTube
We saw some of this coming. Anybody with a passing grade in Discernment 101 and basic information-gathering skills could have told you BMW was primed to fire a high-velocity bombshell at Honda's Gold Wing. Nobody but Hendrik von Kuenheim and The Amazing Kreskin would have predicted a 1649cc, 160-horse straight-six with headlights that look around corners. Rumors of a revamped Triumph Tiger had been brewing longer than the perennial half-full pot of decaf in the _Motorcyclist _mess hall, but Hinckley's 800cc triple turned out to be more outgoing than everybody but John Bloor expected it to be. If Ducati power-cruiser sounds like an oxymoron, the Diavel says otherwise.
Despite all that and more, new motorcycles aren't exactly flying out of showrooms. Everyone but professional on-air/online pessimists figured the global economy should have made a more convincing comeback from the Great Implosion of '08 by now. It's three steps forward and two steps back too much of the time. Nobody was ready for the devastating earthquake/tsunami that hit Japan last March or the deadly tornadoes ripping through America's heartland in April and May. Still, any card-carrying motorcycle-riding optimist knows one thing for sure: We ride right through this stuff. Sometimes we're not sure how, but we do.
Give it some time to sink in and the biggest surprise of 2011 shouldn't have been all that surprising after all. The simplest things pull us through life's disasters, big and small, public and private, natural and manmade. So here's one simpler truth we hold to be self-evident: Even when the things outside your helmet seem upside-down, inside-out, improbable, impossible, unpredictable or a little too dark, going for a ride lets you see things in a better light. This year, the best bike to do that on isn't particularly complicated or expensive or dressed to impress anybody but you. It's just the best.
2011 Motorcycle of the Year
Kawasaki Ninja 1000
Most of What You Want, Everything You Need
This is progress? How exactly does the best motorcycle of 2011 get away with weighing 45 pounds more and making 54 horsepower less than the best bike of 2010: BMW's S1000RR? For anyone with $16,630 to spend on a staggeringly fast, staggeringly focused sporting tool and the skills to match, it probably doesn't. But for those of us living a little closer to America's socioeconomic epicenter, where you can't afford to impress anyone but yourself anymore, this year's magic number is $10,999.
That's $10,999 as in the price of admission for one relatively comfortable, eminently capable, well-mannered Ninja that pulls off most any weekend agenda you can dream up and throws in some pretty sporty transportation for the rest of the week at no extra charge. Call it a compromise. An anachronism. A throwback to the days when one liter-class superbike could haul your dutiful hide to work all week, make the annual Labor Day pilgrimage to the ancestral recreational refuge in another time zone and file off a set of peg-feelers without lingering physical or fiscal pain. We call it a sportbike, sport-tourer or an overqualified commuter, depending on the to-do list du jour. At that rate, broadband '80s ideology doesn't sound so bad after all. Make no mistake, boys and girls: The Ninja's engineering is pure 21st Century stuff. No stale retro aftertaste here. No warmed-over retro styling, either. The silhouette inspires love or hate in most members of the viewing public, but ease your eyes across this fresh, functional plastic skin a couple of times and you're looking at an idea whose time has come back.
Developed in tandem with the artfully underdressed Z1000, the Ninja's 1043cc torque-pump makes the kind of smooth, useable power that puts a smile on your face a dozen times every day. Thanks to the miracle of spot-on digital fuel-injection, this engine is open for business with seamless acceleration from 2200 rpm all the way to its 120-bhp, 10,000-rpm peak. But since most of the herd come together toward the center of the rev band, even a casual rearward rotation of the right wrist stuffs dawdling traffic into those nicely shaped rear-view mirrors. Big midrange means all kinds of quasi-legal fun _below _triple digits—good news for those of us who just don't look good in handcuffs.
A humane riding position, adjustable wind protection and a genuinely comfortable seat add up to a refreshing change from accommodations designed for Dani Pedrosa or Bilbo Baggins. Spec-chart enthusiasts gnash their whitened-teeth at a 503-lb. curb weight that's 63 lbs. heavier than a ZX-10R. Okay, fine, but thanks to light, accurate steering and nicely sorted adjustable suspension at either end of the Ninja's aluminum skeleton, the extra heft is more noticeable on paper than on pavement.
The bottom line, in this case, is the bottom line: When $10,999 delivers more motorcycle to more people than anything in anybody else's showroom, our Motorcycle of the Year isn't the fastest or the lightest or the strongest. It's Kawasaki's Ninja 1000.
**2011 Motorcyclist of the Year
Erik Buell
The American Innovator, Unleashed
When last we met with Erik Buell on the day of the Buell Motorcycles factory liquidation in January 2010, he was visibly distraught: The Barracuda prototype he considered his finest creation would never see production. This past June, we rode the breathtaking new Erik Buell Racing 1190RS—an evolution of the Barracuda concept—during one of its first public appearances at Road America (see First Ride, page 40). After what must have been the 10th person approached Erik to sputter something to the effect of, “Holy sh*t, that bike is fast—and it looks fantastic, too,” he was again moved almost to tears—this time tears of joy. Buell has been working toward this moment for almost 40 years. That the 1190RS was ever built at all, never mind so quickly, makes this the most incredible, improbable comeback of the 21st Century—and perhaps of motorcycling's modern era.
A measure on its way to the November ballot in California that would require bills to be available to legislators and the public for 72 hours before a vote as well as making video of legislative hearings available to the public within 24 hours has met a lot of resistance from lawmakers.
Steven Greenhut writes:
No wonder the Legislature is scurrying for a softer alternative. Many lawmakers want SCA14 to go on the same ballot. If this constitutional amendment passes with more votes, the Blakeslee-Munger initiative would not go into effect. SCA14, passed in committee, deals with the 72-hour transparency issue but critics say it's so laden with loopholes it renders the reform nearly meaningless—even after some last-minute amendments that bring it a bit closer to the initiative.
For instance, backers of the initiative argue that SCA14 requires a 72-hour notice only in the second legislative house. Instead of expanding transparency, they say, it would allow one house to game the system—and foist gutted and amended bills on the other house. SCA 14 supporters deny that, but the current language is convoluted. This much is clear: the initiative's language is far stronger than the alternative, which is why initiative backers remain committed to taking their measure to the ballot.
Ironically, legislators also used the gut-and-amend process to pass in committee Assembly Bill 884, which deals with the public-recording portion of the Blakeslee-Munger initiative. Because this is a legislative measure and not a constitutional amendment, the legislature can change any of its provisions with a simple majority vote in the future. By contrast, changes in the initiative would have to go back to the people for a vote. That's a key benefit for the initiative.
A more complete breakdown, as well as breakdowns for wicker, cypress bark, burlap/canvas, and more is found on my my Artstation site.
Also, for those interested in seeing the Substances I authored for Rome: Fantasy Pack I up close, there is a free, playable demo in the Unreal Engine (VR too!) on my website.
Making such gigantic projects all by yourself should have taught a thing or two about organization and pre-production: any tips to share on this topic?
Source control is vital. I have a separate machine setup as a Perforce server. Granted it has a steep learning curve, but Perforce is free for small teams, so why not? I store my Max files, Unity and Unreal projects, etc. on there. I also take advantage of Dropbox and OneDrive to store my Substances since the files are small.
I tend to author a lot of modular Substance nodes; ones that combine an entire tree into a single node with sliders and tweakable parameters. I'll pack them up and put them into the correct Substance Designer folder so I can reference them by hitting the spacebar inside the graph.
Learn how to construct your levels in a modular fashion. I never know what the end result of my level is going to be until it's done, so I feel it's important to produce content that encourages iteration. The cornerstone of the Substance workflow is being non-destructive, so constructing modular 3D meshes certainly goes in tandem.
Do you have any Substance Painter/Substance Designer quick tricks that save you some time on a daily basis?
Scientists from Stanford University and the Department of Energy's SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory are using powerful X-rays to study high-performance mirror coatings that could help make the LIGO gravitational wave observatory 10 times more sensitive to cosmic events that ripple space-time.
Credit: SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory Stanford's Riccardo Bassiri with a mirror coating sample used for an X-ray experiment at SSRL.
The current version of the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory, called Advanced LIGO, was the first experiment to directly observe gravitational waves, which were predicted by Albert Einstein 100 years ago. In September 2015, it detected a signal coming from two black holes, each about 30 times heavier than the sun, which merged into a single black hole 1.3 billion years ago. The experiment picked up a similar second event in December 2015.
Extremely precise mirrors are the heart of LIGO…
“The detection of gravitational waves will fundamentally change our understanding of the universe in years to come,” says Riccardo Bassiri, a physical science research associate at Stanford's interdisciplinary Ginzton Laboratory. ”Extremely precise mirrors are the heart of LIGO, and their coatings determine the experiment's sensitivity, or ability to measure gravitational waves. So improving those coatings will make future generations of the experiment even more powerful.”
Bassiri has teamed up with Apurva Mehta, a staff scientist at SLAC's Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Lightsource (SSRL), to study the atomic structure of coating materials and develop ideas for better ones. SSRL is a DOE Office of Science User Facility.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie Policy
If you have a sweet tooth, then perhaps you enjoy just standing outside a fancy bakery and observing the many cakes and bakes from the shop, from their indulgent red velvet cupcakes, creamy sponges or decadent brownies. Cakes, cookies and cupcakes are complicated pieces of baking engineering which require sophisticated techniques to get the many flavours and textures into the single bite that you enjoy so much.
From the many options in a bakery, one of my favourites has to be the croissant. Layer after layer of spongy crunchiness mixed with a creamy buttery flavour: this flaky pastry is simply the best. Each time I eat one (which inevitably happens quite frequently) I cannot avoid thinking about the complex technique to get those many layers of dough I am eating. There are dozens of them!
If we go into the baking process for a croissant, we can actually obtain an equation for the number of layers in a croissant. Firstly, the baker prepares a mix of flour, sugar, milk, yeast and a bit of salt into a dough. It gets kneaded into a roll and then wraps a rectangle of chilled butter in it. The baker produces a layer of butter trapped between two layers of dough.
Then, using a rolling pin, the baker stretches the two layers of dough with a layer of butter inside into a large rectangle and then folds it in equal thirds. Since the butter remains cold after this stretching and folding, it divides what will eventually be different layers on a croissant. Dough in contact with dough eventually merges, but not when there is a layer of chilled butter in-between. After the first folding process, there are three layers of butter dividing four layers of dough.
The recipe to create the best croissant requires a cooling step after the first folding, so that the butter inside gets chilled again, ready for the next folding. The baker then stretches the dough into a rectangle and folds it into thirds, pretty much like he or she did in the previous step. By the time of the second folding, there are 9 layers of butter between 10 layers of dough… and then again, cooling down, stretching and folding, and again (and for some bakers, again). The recipe for a croissant usually takes hours!
After each step of stretching and folding, there are three times the number of layers of butter than on the previous step, since each time the baker folds the dough into thirds. Hence, if $s$ is the number of times that the baker has stretched and folded the dough, then we get that the layers of butter are $3^{s}$. For example, when $s=0$, i.e., no folding and stretching, we get the $3^{0}=1$, the initial layer of butter sandwiched between the two layers of dough.
Counting the layers of dough at this step is easy if we know the number of layers of butter, which is $3^{s} + 1,$ because of the top and bottom layers of dough. Most of the croissant recipes require 3 or 4 folds, so this wonderful creation already has 27 or 81 thin layers of butter trapped between layers of dough (called a laminated dough).
The baker then gives the dough a final stretch to make a long rectangle, cuts it into triangles and rolls each triangle from the base to the tip. Each rolled triangle will eventually become, after the baking process, a crunchy croissant. Now, let's focus on the centre of the piece, the one fantastic bite that has all the layers. If the baker rolls once, then there are twice as many layers of butter; with two rolls, there are 4 times the layers of butter, and, if the baker rolls $r$ times, then there will be $2r$ times the layers of butter in the central part of the croissant. Sometimes they do a small cut on the base of the triangle, just to stretch the base a bit more, in which case you can just count one less roll.
Combining the two parts of the recipe, the stretching and the rolling of a croissant, we get that the number of layers of butter is $2r ( 3^{s} )$ which means that the number of layers of dough is
$$\text{Layers of dough} = 2r ( 3^{s} ) + 1,$$
which then will go into the oven to form one wonderful piece of baked goodie.
Different bakeries make their croissants with different rolls and folds, but most commonly, $s=4$ and $r = 4$, so that the number of layers of dough in a regular croissant is 649.
Gordon Ramsay prepares his croissants with $s = 3$ and $r = 4$, so when you eat one of his croissants, you will go through 217 layers of crunchy dough, whereas Laura Vitale makes her croissants with $s = 4$ and $r = 3$, so you go through 487 layers of crunchy dough on her fantastic pastries.
So remember, the next time you bite one of these succulent pieces of bread, at the centre you might actually be biting more than 500 layers of dough!
Attributions:
[Pictures: 1 – adapted from Flickr.com – croissant proff by Anthony Gergeff, CC-BY 2.0; 2 – adapted from Flickr.com – croissants by VV Nincic, CC-BY 2.0; other pictures by Chalkdust]
This is a post not just about the audacity of Hillary Clinton, it's also opposed about the utter incompetence and corruption of the FBI and the Department of Justice.
New emails have been released from the Denver IT company that set up and maintained the private server that Hillary ran in the bathroom of her New York home to avoid Freedom of Information Act requests while she was Secretary of State.
The new emails indicate that both the Chinese and Russians – at a minimum – attacked Hillary's private server. Other emails indicated that executives at the Denver company were very concerned about being ordered to purge emails and did everything they could to distance themselves from what they called Hillary's “covering up some shady sh*t.”
They even went so far as to call it “Hillary's cover-up operation.”
Executives and employees from the Denver company have refused to answer questions before a congressional committee. They were issued a congressional subpoena last month and have refused to appear. The company, individuals involved in “Hillary's cover-up operation” and their attorneys have declined comment.
In an incredible breach of security the Clinton team put her private email server in the hands of company where no one held a government security clearance. Hillary has repeatedly claimed that no “classified” emails pass through server even though the FBI found several thousand including emails that involve the very highest classifications because they included human and satellite intelligence.
The new emails that are being released from the Denver company indicate the conspiracy in the Clinton team to make sure that emails were not retained. That would be in direct contravention of U.S. law, not that the FBI would care about that.
They had been ordered to delete a specific group of emails, one of the employees who was directly charged with making the deletion forgot to do it. The order had been given by Cheryl Mills. The employee in question suddenly remembered that he had to make the deletion but the company had already been served with papers from Congress demanding that the emails be held intact. He deleted them anyway.
There's still much, much more to be learned about the depravity of Hillary Clinton and her team and the way they handled confidential information during her tenure as Secretary of State. The only way we have a shot at finding out about his of Donald Trump is elected president.
Will Barack Obama issue a pardon to Hillary Clinton? Well, he has no qualms about putting drug dealers and terrorists on the street, so why not Hillary?
The real question is, “Will Attorney General Rudy Giuliani be able to find a way around the pardon to prosecute Hillary and the Clinton crime family?”
Acquired QB Mark Sanchez for a conditional '17 picks. He brings veteran leadership & will compete. This is the 1st step in our process. — John Elway (@johnelway) March 11, 2016
I thought this was a joke when I saw it. Are you kidding me John Elway? This has you excited? This is the “1st step in your process”? The process or what? Finishing last for the rest of your life? Being the laughing stock of the NFL? Enlighten me!
Can we submit John Elway to the league for concussion protocols because clearly he fell off his stair lift… The guy's clearly not right. And Broncos fans are excited about this?
You're fooling yourselves guys, if I woke up tomorrow with Mark Sanchez as my hope and future, I would consider playing in traffic…
This is pretty much what the Eagles got back in return… Way too much in my opinion, I wouldn't have thrown in 1989… Not for Sanchez at least. No way…
Come on Elway, you're better than that!
NEVER FORGET…
Official Team Logo Here is a look at the new, official logo of the Brooklyn Nets, reportedly designed by Timothy P. Morris with input from Nets part owner Jay-Z.
Click here for a press release including secondary marks and more information about the construction.
Here is a look at the new, official logo of the Brooklyn Nets, reportedly designed by Timothy P. Morris with input from Nets part owner Jay-Z.for a press release including secondary marks and more information about the construction.
Home Jersey This jersey concept's primary focus is a banner spanning the top of the chest and shoulders. The idea is loosely inspired by the thick side stripe of New Jersey Nets' uniforms used across the 1977-1990 seasons. Its shape draws from the towering pillars of the Brooklyn Bridge and reinforces some of the new logo's contours.
This jersey concept's primary focus is a banner spanning the top of the chest and shoulders. The idea is loosely inspired by the thick side stripe of New Jersey Nets' uniforms used across the 1977-1990 seasons. Its shape draws from the towering pillars of the Brooklyn Bridge and reinforces some of the new logo's contours.
Home Shorts Much like with the jersey, the concept behind the shorts is bold simplicity. The contrasting waistband pays homage to classic styling of basketball teams in the '60s and '70s, like the ABA's New Jersey Americans.
Much like with the jersey, the concept behind the shorts is bold simplicity. The contrasting waistband pays homage to classic styling of basketball teams in the '60s and '70s, like the ABA's New Jersey Americans.
Away Jersey Matching the home jersey in concept, the stark banner here strongly distinguishes this uniform from that of the San Antonio Spurs, despite the teams' common colors. Crowning the top of the back is the Nets' new secondary logo.
Matching the home jersey in concept, the stark banner here strongly distinguishes this uniform from that of the San Antonio Spurs, despite the teams' common colors. Crowning the top of the back is the Nets' new secondary logo.
Away Shorts As with the home shorts, the away option keeps things simple and clean, with only a thin stripe running along the side and an alternate logo on the right leg.
As with the home shorts, the away option keeps things simple and clean, with only a thin stripe running along the side and an alternate logo on the right leg.
Richard Johnson has a glittering dream he hopes India's dilatory government won't thwart. The 60-year-old mining engineer wants to restart gold production at Kolar, site of one of the world's deepest mines in the heart of gold-fevered India.
The Kolar Gold Fields in Karnataka are just a two hour drive from IT city Bangalore and were shut a decade ago when it cost nearly Rs 20,000 (about USD 430) to produce 10 grams of gold there and the selling price was about Rs 4,500 (USD 95).
Now, gold has hit record highs of almost USD 2,000 per ounce -- or around Rs 28,000 per 10 grams on the domestic market -- intensifying the allure of reopening the mines.
"If anyone can get this mine going again, I think I can," says Johnson, who has been mining gold for 40 years from South Africa to Australia. "That's my vision."
India is the world's biggest importer of gold, buying last year a record 958 tonnes. Its 1.2 billion people, legendary lovers of the metal, buy more than 800 tonnes a year. Only about two to three tonnes are produced domestically, mostly at Hutti, which is also in Karnataka state and north of Kolar.
Johnson, who only wears gold in the frames of his glasses, thinks the Kolar mines could be profitable again and his company, Kolar Gold, is working with ex-miners to make a bid if the government does put them back on the block.
According to officials in New Delhi, India's Supreme Court could decide by next month whether a global tender should go ahead for Bharat Gold Mines Limited (BGML), the state-run firm now in charge of the mines which were nationalised in 1956.
"There has been a lot of flip-flops on the part of the (central) government, which first didn't want to run the mines and then said it wants to and now finally has said again it doesn't want to. The matter is with the Supreme Court," said the official on condition of anonymity as he is not authorised to speak to reporters.
"I think the case is listed for hearing next month in the court of the chief justice."
Johnson has no illusions about India's meandering political and legal timetables.
"We think now it's the most advanced it's been in the process," says Johnson, sipping a lime soda in a Bangalore coffee shop. "I just hope I'm still alive when it's finalised."
Heat and hearts
The former miners and their families who still live in Kolar Gold Fields -- the town built when British firms ran the mine from 1802 until they were taken over by India's post-independence government -- are desperately hoping Johnson's dream comes true.
In their heyday, the mines were producing about 42 grams of gold per tonne of rock. Workers toiled down shafts up to 3-1/2 kilometres (11,500 feet) deep and in temperatures of up to 60 degrees Celsius (140 degrees Fahrenheit).
"It was so hot some miners died of heatstroke, suffocation. The temperature rose one degree for every 100 feet and you went down 10,000 or 11,000 feet," says Yeshvanth Raj, a former supervisor at the mines.
Raj joined the mine in 1981 after studying at Kolar for a mining engineering diploma. He talks passionately about the possibility that the mining community may be revived.
"It's a very beautiful place and the people are very beautiful in their hearts ... this wasn't just the mining industry, it was a kind of society," he says.
The iron skeletons of abandoned winding gear which dominate the landscape are symbols of the dependency of this community on the pit for survival.
Miners no longer have access to the education the company provided for their children. A hospital which specialised in treating respiratory diseases is an empty shell.
For the families in the town, the mine's closure also meant unemployment and the cessation of basic services. Those lucky enough to get a job commute at least four hours a day to help build the rapidly expanding Bangalore.
"There were huge colonies adjoining the mines. Once the mines were shut, services like sanitation, water supply, drainage ... were all closed," said Thelma Narayan, a health policy analyst at the Centre for Public Health and Equity in Bangalore which studied the impact of closure of the mines.
"So the condition of the people living there was badly affected ... the lives of so many people were put into disarray," she added.
In a village of corrugated shacks with tiny, former miners ask visitors if they are bringing jobs.
"If the mine reopens, we are happy. We will have a good life because we are not going to Bangalore," says P. Natarajan, a 67-year-old former miner. "We are struggling too much."
Natarajan, his leathered face highlighting his white hair and moustache, says he would not return to the mine but his 28-year-old son would, leaving his temporary job in Bangalore.
Sathia Vani runs what passes for the village shop, a small one-room hut which stocks little more than five bottles of disinfectant and plastic-packed spices.
Her husband V. Kumar was once a miner, and when the mine closed, her son Praveen had to give up his studies because the family couldn't afford it. He now works in Bangalore.
"If there was employment here, the men could stay at home and they could be happy," Sathia says.
"I would work in the mine if it reopened. We can't afford to send me to Bangalore," Praveen added. The monthly commute to Bangalore costs about Rs 500, a sum that eats up most of the pension of an ex-miner.
The miners have also been seeking improved compensation and investment in amenities, but the town is no longer high on the priorities list of the state government and India's tortuous bureaucracy does not help.
"We are almost leading a life of refugees. It's a ghost town without anyone taking responsibility," says G. Jayakumar, who represents the former BGML employees.
Gold gallops to the rescue?
With gold prices soaring, the future of Kolar Gold Fields, or KGF, may well be decided by international markets.
"The price of gold has dramatically changed. Technologies have developed ... If you can employ people and revive KGF that is worthwhile," said Rajeev Gowda, member of a government committee looking at options for the town.
If the mine goes to tender, the local miners have first refusal, although it is likely they will have to match the highest offer and will need a partner to help funding. There is a reserve price but it's confidential.
The assets of BGML include about 12,500 acres of land, plant and machinery, as well as a network of five stations and a railway which links to Chennai on the east coast, where trains once brought equipment from Britain and returned with gold.
But it also owes the government between USD 200-300 million of debts racked up as the mine had to sell gold to New Delhi at a fraction of the production cost.
Potential buyers say the federal government should waive this debt -- saying it is a miniscule sum in the trillion-dollar economy's budget and an albatross for any acquirer.
"Revival is a costly process and the only creditor is the government," Johnson says.
Reviving the sick
The head office of BGML is a two-storey colonial-style house, where the wall paint is peeling and the lofty ceilings watermarked. A blackboard outside still bears shift timings.
Up a once sweeping, now unswept, staircase is the office of Sampath Kumar, the head of BGML, who sits dwarfed behind his huge green baize desk and piles of dusty papers.
"Our company was declared sick in 1992 ... the cost of gold may have gone up since then, but so has the cost of everything, the cost of living, the cost of materials, the cost of equipment," says Kumar, who also spent years in the mines.
The government itself lacks the technology and expertise to manage these deep mines and both Jayakumar and Kumar say it would be unlikely to make the investments necessary.
However, Kumar would not be drawn on whether the mine could now be profitable.
"You have to wait and see. Below the ground nobody knows what there is. We have prepared the tender documents and in this we have given the assessed gold," he said.
The gold above the ground has always been easier to weigh.
Tipu Sultan, the "Tiger of Mysore" who harried the British in the late 1700s, first noticed Kolar's potential when he was out horse racing with his entourage, according to Raj.
"His closest servant went ahead of him, and Tipu saw gold in the hooves of his horse, and made everyone stop," he said.
These days the surface gold is in huge humps of sandy dust left over from cracking the rocks, which Kumar and Kolar Gold both suggest may contain 20 tonnes of gold.
Johnson says a processing plant to filter out the gold from this dust would cost about USD 100 million, but the proceeds from findings could top USD 1 billion.
And then there is the elusive gold deep underground.
Kolar Gold has already started examining the rocks around KGF, where it has rights to explore and hopes to average 10 grams per tonne after finding up to 160.2 grams per tonne in one small sample.
"We believe this is one of the best opportunities for finding new gold deposits," says Johnson.
The company estimates the BGML mines could have up to 10 million ounces -- about 280 tonnes -- of gold to recover in dust, open pit and underground reserves.
That's about a third of India's annual demand, but at current prices would be worth USD 20 billion.
Kolar Gold is currently valued by the stock market at about USD 40 million. No wonder its first successes near the mines were celebrated in grand style at Chief Executive Officer Nick Spencer's hotel room in Bangalore.
“What the hell is this, a joke?” Boehner said at his weekly press conference.
ADVERTISEMENT
He was responding to the administration's announcement on Tuesday evening that people who had begun the process of signing up for insurance through the federal exchanges would have until mid-April to do so, instead of March 31.
The Speaker called the move “another deadline made meaningless,” adding it to a litany of unilateral changes that the administration has made to the law.
“This is part of a long-term pattern of this administration manipulating the law for its own convenience,” Boehner said. “It's not hard to understand why the American people question this administration's commitment to the rule of law.”
The Speaker mocked the use of the “honor system” to determine who was eligible for an extension after the administration said it would make no effort to ensure that people had actually begun the process of signing up by March 31.
“Why don't they just say, ‘We've moved the date to April 15'? Because that's in effect what they've done,” Boehner said.
White House press secretary Jay Carney slapped back at the House Speaker Wednesday afternoon, noting Boehner had not protested when the Bush Administration offered a similar grace period for enrollment in Medicare Part D.
"A 'joke' was the indifference with which John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE, Congressman Boehner, Speaker Boehner, at the time, greeted the extension under George W. Bush of the Medicare Part D enrollment for certain populations compared to the response he's given today," Carney said.
Carney likened the extension to "what happens when you vote — if you're in line before the polls close, you vote."
Administration officials cited “a surge in demand” as a reason for the extension, which they said is aimed at people with “special circumstances and complex cases.”
“Open enrollment ends March 31,” Health and Human Services spokeswoman Joanne Peters told The Hill in an email Tuesday evening. “We are experiencing a surge in demand and are making sure that we will be ready to help consumers who may be in line by the deadline to complete enrollment — either online or over the phone.”
Republicans have attacked the healthcare law from virtually every angle, criticizing both its underlying regulations and the administration's repeated decision to delay or not fully enforce them. Boehner has criticized the early problems with the HealthCare.gov website, and on Wednesday, he was pressed on why people shouldn't have more time to sign up for insurance because of them.
“The dates are the dates, and the law is the law,” he said. “The president doesn't have the authority to change the law whenever he wants, which he continues to do.”
Boehner added later in the press conference: “The law says that enrollment stops at the end of March. That's what the law says. I've got to live by the law; you've got to live by the law; the American people have got to live by the law. And guess what? The president needs to live by the law as well.”
In response to Boehner, Peters compared the situation to Election Day, when voters who are in line when the polls close are still allowed to cast their ballot.
"The law is the law. Consumers need to know the deadline is March 31," she said. "But just like on Election Day, if you are in line when we close, you get to enroll. We're experiencing near-record volume and the site, and we're not going to turn people away who tried and couldn't complete their enrollment. This is about helping people who want to get health insurance."
Peters noted that a similar extension was offered under the Bush administration in 2006 for the implementation of the Medicare prescription drug benefit.
— Jonathan Easley contributed to this story.
— This story was updated at 5:55 p.m.
According to China's anti-corruption man of the hour, journalist Luo Changping (pictured), economic reforms won't be enough to curb the country's corruption pandemic.
His new book examines 120 corruption cases involving high-profile Chinese officials. In it, Luo argues the seriousness of the situation requires a “comprehensive supervisory mechanism encompassing the Party, administration, judiciary, society, and media.”
In a May 17 piece for the newspaper Southern Weekly, Luo likened corruption to terrorism, in that they both “can cause widespread public alarm.” He made reference to a microblog post from July 2011 that enlarged upon the concept of “corruption terrorism.” Left unchecked, the microblogger claimed, the problem could spread to the point where no segment of society is safe.
The post first appeared soon after a high-speed train collision near Wenzhou (Zhejiang Province) in which 40 passengers died. It was forwarded nearly 60,000 times in the months following the crash, according to Luo's article.
Luo, who is also deputy editor of Caijing magazine, is famous for his recent articles accusing National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) deputy director Liu Tienan of corruption, which helped bring about Liu's ouster earlier this month.
Luo's articles on Liu took a year to fact-check, Luo has said. His successful campaign made him a media hero in China but left him “exhausted both in heart and body,” he told the BBC in an email. He called the investigation into Liu “only a breakthrough in one case. There's no change to the whole system.”
Source: 21CBH (21世纪网)
_____________
Benjamin Kessler is a contributing editor of the FCPA Blog. A version of this post appeared in the China Compliance Digest.
While Dutch producer, WRLD, may still only be in his teenage years, his propensity for and understanding of popular music and memorable melodies reflect a musicianship stretching far beyond his age. Perhaps this is because he began making music when he was 11 years old, or maybe it was the hours and hours of Top 40 radio he ingested since his earliest memory. Whatever the case, WRLD's musical style balances enticing accessibility with a dreamy, youthful attitude and complex composition, leading the spry producer to consistently link up with outfits like Monstercat and Moving Castle for his gratifyingly warm productions.
This coming Monday the 18th, WRLD will be joining the NEST label family with his latest single “Galaxies”, which sees the producer from the Netherlands linking up with NYC singer/songwriter, Father Dude, in a pop-leaning, beat-heavy record with tinges of soul and ambient influence. Ahead of the release, we've asked WRLD to take over this week's NEST HQ MiniMix and give us some background about how “Galaxies” came together, his love of pop music, and his thoughts on youth as both a blessing and a challenge.
Listen in and read on below, and pre-order “Galaxies” via iTunes today.
__
We're less than a week away from releasing “Galaxies”! Can you tell us a little bit about the background of this record? It feels like Father Dude fit so naturally into the vibe of the instrumental here, was it a good experience working with him?
It's definitely different from anything I've done before. I was listening to a lot of ambient music when I made the instrumental and I didn't even plan on releasing it as WRLD honestly. I showed it to my manager and a few days later he said he'd been listening to it on replay and thought it had a lot of potential. We wanted to add a vocal hook to make it a bit more poppy and the first person who came to mind was Father Dude, he instantly nailed it and the soulful layered nature of the vocal perfectly fit the instrumental.
I remember a while back when we premiered “Fighter”, you mentioned Owl City has had a profound effect on you as a musician. What is it about him and his music that so directly appeals to you?
A lot of the things I know about sound design are because I used to emulate his sounds all the time back in the day. His sense of melody is also so amazing and inspiring to me, everything he does (his pre-2012 music mostly) is super beautiful haha. Out of all the artists that inspire me he's the one that had the biggest influence on me and his music really helped me shape my own style.
There's an evident understanding of pop music within all of your productions. What would you say is the driving factor behind these sensibilities?
I just love how pop music is put together. The secret is to put enough into the music to make it interesting, but not so much that it becomes too deep, messy or tedious. Obviously Owl City again played a part in this for me, taking a big influence from the synth pop world and translating that to my music. I always have a hard time listening to 5 to 8 minute long songs, it just gets boring and repetitive very quickly in most cases. Also catchiness is very important to me and that's something I try to achieve with every song I make.
You've mentioned that your interests when you began producing around age 11 were geared more towards a progressive house sound. Do you ever experience any urges to make that kind of music anymore, or is this pop/R&B/bass sound an accurate representation of where your head is at musically right now?
On my last EP Awake on Monstercat there actually is a track called “Discovery” that's heavily influenced by the trance I used to make back then! I couldn't resist returning to that style once to see how it would turn out, I don't think I've ever finished a WRLD track that quickly as well because of how inspired I was to go back.
You're definitely on the younger side of the average producer. Have you ever seen your youth as a disadvantage or a challenge, or do you see it totally as an upside?
I see it as both actually, a lot of the attention I gained by blogs and such were because of my age (at least that's what I think haha) so that was definitely a good thing. I feel like I'm not always being taken seriously though, in school for instance some of the teachers have no idea what I'm doing or what level it is at. I'm also kind of being held back by school, I can't travel a lot and don't put 100% into my music yet, but that'll be over next month when I probably graduate! (gotta make the exams first lol)
Photo Credit: Lumen Lineas
If you were able to announce a WRLD World Tour tomorrow, which 4 artists/singers/DJs/bands would you want to be on the bill and travel the globe with you?
I really want to build a live show with a 3-man band around my music, my music is very poppy like you said and thus way more fun to actually playing live instead of doing a DJ mix, DJing is fun but it doesn't completely fit my music.
One idea I have is to bring Richard Caddock with me on the road, if you're a fan of my music there's a big chance that you'll know who he is as well and Richard is a great player so there's no doubt he needs to be with me in the band.
Someone who I'd love to play alongside is Laszlo. Our styles are very similar, yet I think he makes some of the most unique music I've heard (his new stuff he's been working on is super exciting as well ;)).
Adam Young from Owl City can obviously come with me on tour ‘cause he's my biggest inspiration and there's no musician that I'd like to spend time with as much as him. I guess it's only just a dream though. :(
Anyone from the Monstercat crew can come with me as well. Every single one of them makes awesome music and I think anyone coming to see me would enjoy seeing them as well.
The artwork for all of your releases and assets appears to be very connected and developed. Who is the visual artist you work with and what is it about his/her style and artwork that made you want it to represent your music?
All the artworks for my latest releases are done by an artist called Graeme Borland, I found him on Tumblr and had been following him for a while. When I was looking for an artist to do the artworks for my Chase Is EP he was the perfect match. From that moment on we kept working with him to keep the same vibe going with every release. His paintings are very dreamy and bright and that's exactly how I want my music to feel as well.
Finally, I know there's a little clip of “Galaxies” in here, but could you explain your approach to the MiniMix you've shared with us today?
I wanted to make the mix as diverse as possible. I've tried to put a lot of my current inspirations in there instead of making a mix full of bangers. Hope you like it!
Tracklist:
Color Therapy – Wintering
Tarro – Solus
Lido – Crazy
Father Dude – Eyes On You
No Mana – Magic Addiction
Mat Zo – Lights Out
Draper – Break Over You (feat. Prides)
WRLD – Awake (feat. Colordrive)
Perfume – Cosmic Explorer
Twenty One Pilots – Stressed Out (Botnek Remix)
WRLD x Father Dude – Galaxies
Hybrid – Be Here Now (Bensley Remix)
__
More from WRLD on:
Soundcloud
Facebook
Twitter
Pre-order “Galaxies” today on iTunes ahead of its release on Monday, April 18th!
Whether you are a craft lover and have craft supplies all over your home, have kids and can't seem to find enough space to store all the toys or you simply need more organizing space we have a great idea, especially if you are into crocheting. What we suggest is that you crochet baskets and bowls in order to keep things organized around your home. They are not only easy to make, budget friendly, practical but also decorative.
See Also: TOP 10 FREE CROCHET PATTERNS INSPIRED BY DISNEY
Choose your favorite colors and preferred patterns and start making new storage baskets and bowls. They can be also used as a beautiful gift. The patterns we are sharing are totally free and most of them are suitable even for beginners. So, go ahead and take a look…
10. Chunky crochet storage tubs
via molliemakes.com
This storage baskets are great to keep your craft supplies organized. They are just the perfect size and will keep everything neat and tidy. To crochet 1 big and 1 small tub you will need A 1kg (2.2lbs) cone of recycled cotton cord, type 12 in Optic White, 10mm crochet hook and darning or tapestry needle with a large eye.
9. Color block crochet basket
via 1dogwoof.com
Are you tired of all those toys around the house? It seems like there is never enough space to store them. Well, this basket is a perfect solution. The pattern is free and easy to follow. You can choose colors that go well with your interior. To crochet it you will need 4 to 5 skeins of bulky weight yarn, 0.00 mm hook, scissors, stitch marker, embroidery needle, ruler.
8. Oval shaped crochet basket with handles
via shesgotthenotion.com
Can you believe you can make this amazingly beautiful crocheted basket for only $2? You will need some cotton yard and a nice free pattern you can find on the link above. This pattern is worked up with 2 strands of yarn held together. It is detailed and easy to follow due to the step-by-step photos.
7. Free Crochet Bowl Pattern
via everythingetsy.com
Use chunky t-shirt yarn to crochet this simple but useful and pretty bowls. You can make them in less than half and hour – even if you are a beginner crocheter. So get some T-shirt yarn (handmade by you or from the store), size P-15 crochet hook and scissors and start crocheting your set of bowls.
6. Hoooked Zpagetti Basket
via woolwarehouse.co.uk
How gorgeous is this crocheted basket? We simply love the form, the size, the color, everything! And the pattern for making it is totally free. The hooked zpagetti basket will make en excellent organizer for your home. It is made with Hoooked Zpagetti which is a revolutionary super chunky yarn made from recycled fashion garments. The pattern is so easy to follow, even for beginners.
5. Crochet Nesting Baskets
via mypoppet.com.au
Here is another project with the fab zpagetti yarn. This time it is a pattern for crocheting lovely little baskets that will keep your crafty bits and pieces organized. You can even make the baskets nest into each other. To make them you will need zpagetti yarn in assorted colours, 12mm Bamboo hook and a stitch marker.
4. Vintage Lace Bowl
via craftster.org
This vintage lace bowl is adorable and we have the link to the free pattern just under the photo. This is a pattern for intermediate level crocheters and higher so skip it if you are a beginner. Gather all that you need and crochet this lace bowl. Have in mind that you will have to stiffen it in the end so you will need to use a commercial stiffener or a trusty homemade recipe of sugar and water.
3. Foxy Stash Basket
via yarnspirations.com
Oh, look at that cute foxy stash basket! We would love to have it in our homes. It is the ultimate storage basket so we are sure you are already preparing yourself to start crocheting. Make one (or more) for yourself but do make another for a yarn-loving friend as a perfect gift!
2. Mini granny square crochet baskets
via thislittlestreet.com
This little granny square baskets are not only adorable but useful too. They are perfect for storing yarn, accessories, manicure sets, makeup etc. They are sweet, colorful and easy to make as well. Use your favorite color combination. To make them you will need cotton yarn, a crochet hook that matches your yarn size, a piece of fabric, scissors, thread and needle.
1. Mega Bulky Crochet Baskets
via allfreecrochet.com
This huge baskets are a welcomed addition to any home as they are perfect for organizing. They are also very decorative and most importantly very easy to make – even for beginners. You can fill them with your scraps of yarn or fill them with blankets, towels, magazines or whatever you wish. Make sure you use Super Bulky/Super Chunky yarn. We are sure you'll love these baskets and you will happily share this pattern with your fellow yarn lovers.
Shares
An interesting concept from a company called ACloudA. Their hardware device replaces spinning media in your server by connecting to remote storage in a public or private cloud, via an iSCSI or SMB3 protocol. The server, which can run any OS, sees it as a local disk.
Spinning media is unreliable, generates heat, consumes electricity. More spinning rust you have, more you spend on electricity and air-conditioning. And most of the time, when using spinning media for archiving or capacity only, you don't need an SSD performance. But you're still paying for it when you first buy it and then every day when you use it. It's a known fact. What if one could replace spindles located in your data center by a cloud storage?
The ACloudA hardware card has a size of HDD and hot-plugs into a traditional SATA/SAS HDD slot. Any hardware which accepts that kind of storage can work with ACloudA Cloud Gateway device. AcloudA features a proprietary OS, which is highly resilient to hacking.
You can also set up an iSCSI target locally and use Cloud Gateway from ACloudA which shows the remote volume as a locally attached disk (DAS). The fact that your server sees it as a locally attached disk, you can possibly use it for environments running VMware ESXi or even vSAN. (for Capacity tier). It shows as local storage (DAS).
Basically, it is a hardware card where you have at one side a traditional SATA/SAS connector, and on the other side an RJ45 port for your network. It's a hardware iSCSI initiator which connects via a network to an iSCSI target and shows up within your system as a locally attached disk.
Image courtesy of ACloudA.
The device is a standard HDD size so it fits into an HDD emplacement via Hot-Plug and picks up an IP address via DHCP. After checking your DHCP server leases for the IP of the device, you can then connect via your web browser and configure for static IP.
After you configure the iSCSI target, security and you're done. The rest is as if you were using local HDD. Check out their step-by-step config for SATA connection.
Connectivity, latency and other network variables
Yes, there is a public network in-between the device and the storage. But with a generalization of high-speed network environments and improved reliability of those connections, this part of the equation is already solved in big cities where fiber connections are available.
So from the public cloud perspective, one could imagine a scenario where at the cloud provider's site you would deploy a virtual appliance (VM) which exposes the storage as iSCSI volumes, via iSCSI target. That's where your iSCSI initiator from ACloudA connects to.
Example from Azure and StorSimple VSA…
Here is another picture showing the card's user interface within the device management panel. Simply connect to this UI via your web browser and configure IP address, iSCSI target and chang default admin password…
VMware vSAN use case?
As you know VMware vSAN uses caching tier for fast access and capacity tier for cold data. Each host part of a vSAN cluster participates with local storage and this storage is pooled together to form a single datastore visible to all the hosts within the cluster.
The datastore is called vSAN datastore. Screenshot from ACloudA VMware vSAN use case. You can check the detailed VMware vSAN How-To guide here.
VMware vSAN is not aware whether those are local disks (HDDs) or disks attached via a hardware iSCSI initiator. The view is the same. vSAN cares and is strict with a queue depth of storage controller which needs to be certified for vSAN and provide a certain queue depth.
Imagine a vSAN scenario when you have a server fully populated with disks already but you still need more storage. You can easily setup an iSCSI target somewhere (cloud or local), add ACloudA Gateway to each host and create a second disk group within each host which expand further your vSAN datastore and adds more resiliency and performance.
When claiming local disks for vSAN you'll get this view….
But this does not mean that the solution is certified for VMware vSAN just yet. Remember that you're adding a certain number of other variables to the equations. Variables such as network speed, latency and reliability, and each hop add an additional point or potential failure.
ACloudA is currently in the process to get certified for VMware vSAN.
But VMware vSAN isn't the only possible use case. Basically, any device which has a possibility to carry an HDD drive is able to leverage AClouA Gateway and consume cloud storage.
StarWind Storage Appliance (SA) use case
StarWind has a one-box-solution called StarWind Backup Appliance allowing integration with Veeam Backup and Replication, which leverages 3-2-1 backup rule and cloud storage tier for secure backup copy jobs and data archiving purposes.
Storage appliance from StarWind can be used with ACloudA Gateway attached to StarWind SA, replacing local HDDs and configuring cloud storage at Amazon, Azure or Iron Mountain as a secure tier for backups. StarWind backup appliance is a hardware appliance preinstalled with StarWind Virtual SAN providing iSCSI, SMB3 and NFS and can be packed with ACloudA Gateway.
Wrap Up:
Certainly an interesting technology. It will be wiste to follow how it evolves with v2.0 of their OS which will bring optimizations, asynchronous replication and also SMB v3 protocol. They're already working on v2.0.
Whether it might be the solution to replace spinning media by cloud storage or not, time will show. Cloud storage prices are falling. Instead of investing in your own hardware and high capacity spinning media, it might be wiser to lower the initial costs via cloud storage. Same for adding more capacity to existing servers.
Consumption of cloud storage done at the hardware level is usually more reliable than software-based initiators. The fact that it is a Plug-and-play device (needs to be enabled in BIOS) the operating system thinks of it as a traditional spinning media and as such opens new possibilities which aren't available for software-based solutions leveraged inside the guest OS.
Source: ACloudA
More from ESX Virtualization:
Stay tuned through RSS, and social media channels (Twitter, FB, YouTube)
Shares
Lee Ehmke has spent the past 15 years shaping new homes for some of the Minnesota Zoo's residents — grizzlies, penguins and monk seals — to attract more human visitors.
But the zoo director and CEO, renowned for designing immersive exhibits, is leaving for a zoo with more money and plans for redevelopment.
The Minnesota Zoo announced Friday that he is resigning to lead the growing Houston Zoo. Ehmke's last day at the Minnesota Zoo is Aug. 11.
Houston officials said Ehmke, 57, will have more chances to design and upgrade exhibits there. They are trying to refresh the zoo ahead of its centennial anniversary in 2022.
Ehmke was not available to comment Friday. In a news release, he said, “I am thankful for my 15 years at the Minnesota Zoo and the remarkable transformation that has taken place here.”
Director and CEO Lee Ehmke has been at the Minnesota Zoo for the past 15 years. He is known for designing immersive exhibits.
Ehmke's departure from the Minnesota Zoo comes months after the state agency considered closing exhibits and struggled with a $1.5 million budget shortfall — the result of rising employee salaries, increased animal feed costs and a drop in attendance because of bad weather.
But things are looking up after a beautiful spring and a $1.35 million special appropriation from the Legislature, said Beth Burns, the zoo's vice president for external relations.
Lobbying the Legislature is not part of the job description in Houston, where the zoo privatized in 2002.
It has an operating budget of $46 million, nearly twice the Minnesota Zoo's. About 2.4 million people visit the 6,000 animals at the nonprofit Houston Zoo each year, making it one of the top 10 most-visited zoos in the country, according to the job posting for the president and executive officer position.
Transition ahead
The Minnesota Zoo, which houses 4,700 animals in Apple Valley, attracts an average 1.2 million visitors annually. It is on track to see 1.25 million people this year, Burns said.
The zoo recently opened new exhibits for endangered Hawaiian monk seals and jellyfish.
There is not a good time to lose a director, said Peter Maritz, chair of the Minnesota Zoo's board of trustees. But the transition will be easier now that the zoo has legislative support and is financially sound, he said.
“I think we're in tremendous shape,” he said.
A search committee for Ehmke's replacement will be formed by the end of the month, Maritz said.
Before coming to Minnesota, Ehmke designed and managed the construction of acclaimed projects at the Bronx Zoo in New York, including a Congo Gorilla Forest exhibit.
Ehmke is a prominent figure in the zoo industry, and was elected president of the World Association of Zoos and Aquariums in 2013.
Houston Zoo officials were attracted to his design background and his experience with conservation, said Suzanne Nimocks, chairwoman of the Houston Zoo's board of directors.
“That is core to what was done in Minnesota, and it's core to us here,” Nimocks said.
Ehmke will replace Deborah Cannon, who is retiring. Last year, Cannon made $336,369 and earned $19,679 in other income.
Ehmke's salary was $248,388 last year, according to Minnesota Management and Budget.
Gbagbo refused to concede November's presidential election and was forced out after a bloody civil war [Reuters]
Former Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo and his wife Simone, detained since he was ousted
from power in April, have been charged with "economic crimes, armed robbery, looting and embezzlement",
the public prosecutor has said.
Simplice Kouadio Koffi said Gbagbo was charged on Thursday and his wife on Tuesday. Both have been moved from house arrest in the north of the country to jail.
Gbagbo's spokesman called the move "illegal".
President Alassane Ouattara's government has been moving against many members of the former administration since prevailing in a civil war which followed disputed presidential elections.
Gbagbo's supporters are accused of using violence against civilians seen as pro-Ouattara during and after the disputed November poll and of looting the treasury to remain in power.
"The pre-trial judge has just called me to say he has finished charging Mr Gbagbo," Koffi said.
"And last Tuesday, Mrs Gbagbo was charged and moved into preventative detention.
"The charges are: economic infraction, armed robbery, looting, embezzlement of public goods."
Ivorian authorities charged 57 soldiers from Gbagbo's regime last Thursday with crimes ranging from murder and kidnapping to attacking state security and buying illegal arms.
Last week, the former head of Gbagbo's party, Pascal Affi N'Guessan, and 11 others were charged with attacking state security and backing the former president's refusal to concede the poll.
Truth and reconciliation
Gbagbo was almost universally condemned by Western powers and African leaders for rejecting UN certified results showing he had lost the election to Ouattara last year.
His refusal to transfer power and his use of security forces against demonstrators left about 3,000 people dead and a million uprooted before he was ousted.
Ouattara has invited the International Criminal Court to try the most serious crimes committed during the crisis, but he also wants a South Africa-style Truth and Reconciliation process to heal the country's wounds -two aims which may conflict.
Gbagbo spokesman Justin Kone Katinan said by telephone from exile in Ghana saidthe charged would "complicate the process of reconciliation by making the political atmosphere more tense".
"It is illegal because Gbagbo is a former president who enjoys immunity: he can't be charged or judged," he said.
"You can't claim to want reconciliation and humiliate Gbagbo in this manner. You are playing with fire."
Critics complain that none of Ouattara's men has been detained, despite evidence that they too have committed abuses.
The UN mission accused Ouattara's forces last Thursday of carrying out 26 extrajudicial killings over the past month.
The ranking member of the House Armed Services Committee will introduce in the coming weeks a bill aimed at forcing the Trump administration to craft a comprehensive policy to deter Russian aggression, he said Tuesday.
“Today, we are witnessing some of the most fundamental threats to our democratic values and to the cohesion of our alliances since the beginning of the post-World War II era. President Putin's campaign to erode our institutions poses a genuine threat to our system of government and our way of life,” Rep. Adam Smith David (Adam) Adam SmithOvernight Defense: White House eyes budget maneuver to boost defense spending | Trump heads to Hanoi for second summit with Kim | Former national security officials rebuke Trump on emergency declaration White House to propose using budget maneuver to prevent defense spending cuts Overnight Defense: Trump to leave 200 troops in Syria | Trump, Kim plan one-on-one meeting | Pentagon asks DHS to justify moving funds for border wall MORE (D-Wash.) said in a statement.
“President Trump has only exacerbated this problem, belittling our allies and partners, embracing dictatorships and calling into question our collective security commitments. In this situation, Congress has a responsibility to do its utmost to push back against these dark trends.”
The bill is the latest in lawmakers' attempts to force Trump's hand on Russia, with which he has expressed a desire to improve relations even as his campaign continues to be investigated for possible collusion. In the Senate, there have been efforts to attach Russia sanctions to an Iran sanctions bill.
Smith's bill, which he said he hopes will be folded into the upcoming annual defense policy bill, would require the Pentagon to develop and implement a comprehensive Russia strategy.
The bill cites a slew of examples of Russian aggression, including its interference in the U.S. election, violations of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty, its stated defense strategy of “escalating to de-escalate” that allows for the use of nuclear weapons and its annexation of Crimea and support of separatists in eastern Ukraine.
“It is time for us to recognize that this challenge must become one of the central concerns of U.S. national security strategy, and that if we do not stand up to this menace, we stand to lose much of what we have sacrificed to build and preserve during the life of our country,” Smith said. “This threat merits a comprehensive response that will deter Russian aggression, strengthen allied and partner defenses, and boost our cohesion while including measures to reduce the risk of nuclear war and avoiding a reckless plunge into a new nuclear arms race.”
The bill would address the INF violations by requiring the president to submit a plan to Congress on imposing sanctions until Russia is back in compliance with the treaty.
In addition to the overall Russia strategy, the bill would require the Pentagon to craft a plan to reduce the risk of nuclear war in the face of Russia's “escalate to de-escalate” doctrine. It would also require a strategy to increase conventional precision-strike weapons stockpiles in Europe.
The bill would also require a plan to counter Russian military modernization and capabilities, such as drones, electronic warfare and long-range precision strike capabilities. The bill would further require a plan to train allied forces to counter Russian cyber and information operations.
Another report required by the bill would have to look at the location, capabilities and capacities of U.S. training areas in Europe.
The bill would also require a report on maintaining and expanding U.S. military presence in Europe that would have to assess new locations to permanently station troops in Europe and whether existing infrastructure can handle more troops, among other aspects.
“This bill represents a forceful and responsible counter to Russia's provocations,” Smith said. “It is an attempt to lay the foundations for a new security effort to combat the spread of Putinism and increase the resilience of democratic societies.”
A tasty spread for a bagel, or use red onion and rosemary jam as a sandwich spread. This rich and vibrant jam also makes an excellent marinade for chicken or beef.
I first discovered this jam while in Umbria, Italy painting at the medieval hill towns of Assisi and Orvieto. The Italians call this “confiturra”. It makes a tasty addition to breakfast, lunch or dinner or a wonderful compliment to fresh baked rustic bread. My recipe is a simplified version of the Italian confiturra it's slightly more pantry friendly without the wine and balsamic vinegar.
Prep time: 10 min.
Cook time: 45 min.
Total time: 55 min,
Yield: 3 pints, approx.
Ingredients
7 cups red onions, sliced thin
3/4 cup red wine vinegar
1 Tablespoon Extra virgin olive oil
3 1/2 cups sugar
1 package Sure-Jell® Light
1/2 tsp. dried rosemary, crumbled
1/4 tsp. dried thyme
1/4 tsp. ground white pepper
Directions
Soak the onions in a large bowl of very cold water for 10 minutes. Drain the onions and gently squeeze any excess water from them.
Heat a large skillet coated with the olive oil. Add the vinegar and onion slices, and sauté over a low heat for 15-20 minutes, stirring often. Cook until the onion is tender.
Place the cooked onions in a food processor or blender. Lightly pulse or blend until smooth. Add the thyme, rosemary, and white pepper. I prefer the jam with more texture to the onions. But, if you prefer a finer texture jam, run it through a blender for one minute.
Measure out 6 cups; make up the difference with water if necessary. Pour into a saucepan or Dutch oven.
Add the Sure-Jell and bring to the boil, stirring constantly. Add the sugar, and boil 1 minute more. Remove from heat, stir well, and immediately pour into sterile jars for sealing. Process in a water bath canner for 20 min. then set aside on a kitchen towel or hot pad to cool. Do not place hot jars on a cold counter, which could cause the jars to crack.
This jam should keep for up to two months in the refrigerator if unprocessed.
“Americans are getting tired of it, as far as shoveling money in there to people who just flat don't like us,” Senator Jim Risch , Republican of Idaho , said at a Foreign Relations Committee hearing to review Pakistan policy.
The committee's chairman, John Kerry , Democrat of Massachusetts , fresh off the plane from a 24-hour visit to Islamabad to meet with senior Pakistani leaders, including President Asif Ali Zardari and Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani , the army chief of staff, reported on his efforts to smooth ties, including an agreement to return to the United States the tail of an American helicopter damaged in the raid.
But many senators were not in a conciliatory mood. Senator Chris Coons , a Delaware Democrat, complained that Pakistan was playing a “double game” by accepting American aid and fighting terrorists that threatened Pakistani government targets, but also supporting proxy forces in Afghanistan that killed American troops. “They are both a fireman and arsonist in this regional ongoing conflagration,” he said.
Senator Bob Corker , a Tennessee Republican, said it was time for Congress to put conditions on the military and economic aid, doling out assistance only if Pakistan met certain benchmarks in combating militants. “Most of us are wanting to call time out on aid until we can ascertain what is in our best interest,” he said.
Separately, five Senate Democrats, including Dianne Feinstein of California , chairwoman of the Intelligence Committee, sent a letter to Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates and Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton on Tuesday urging them to re-evaluate security aid to Pakistan.
Despite the anger on both sides, the Americans would like to maintain Pakistani cooperation as they try to wind down the war in Afghanistan, and Pakistan would like to keep aid flowing from the United States, which has amounted to more than $20 billion in the past decade.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
When asked at Tuesday's hearing about the impact of suspending aid to Pakistan, Gen. James L. Jones , President Obama 's former national security adviser, warned, “I would counsel against what might be a very tempting thing to do, but it might have long-term consequences that we would then have to deal with.”
American officials fear the exchange of fire on Tuesday will provide yet another irritant for both sides. NATO officials could not immediately confirm whether the helicopters had indeed entered Pakistan's airspace, but said they were looking into the episode, which took place at Admi Kot Post in the North Waziristan tribal region of Pakistan.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
An American military official said the Pakistanis were injured by a rock slide, not gunfire.
Pakistani military officials said the NATO helicopters came about 400 yards into Pakistani territory. The Pakistani Army “lodged a strong protest and demanded a flag meeting,” it said in a statement, referring to a meeting between officials from Pakistan and NATO on the border.
Last September, Pakistan shut down the land route through Pakistan that NATO uses to supply its forces in Afghanistan for more than a week after two Pakistani paramilitary soldiers were killed in a similar border clash.
However galling the current clash may be to Pakistani military officials, it was not clear that they would take similar action this time, as both sides may also be seeking to pull relations back from the brink.
The administration's special envoy to the region, Marc Grossman, who only recently returned from Pakistan, is expected to arrive in Islamabad later this week along with Michael Morell, the deputy director of the Central Intelligence Agency , in an effort to repair the badly strained relationship. They will be seeking to revive joint intelligence operations and increase the number of American military trainers, American officials said. Depending on the outcome of their meetings, Mrs. Clinton may also visit Pakistan.
The clash on the border came as Pakistan's prime minister, Yousaf Raza Gilani , traveled to Beijing . Analysts said that visit was meant to signal to the United States that Pakistan saw China as an alternative source of security and economic aid.
In a possible sign that cooperation had not collapsed completely, the Pakistani Army announced on Tuesday that a senior operative of Al Qaeda , Muhammad Ali Qasim Yaqub, also known as Abu Sohaib al-Makki, had been arrested by Pakistani security agencies in the southern port city of Karachi. A Pakistani intelligence official said in Karachi Tuesday night that the Ali Qasim was arrested in the Gulshen-i-Iqbal area of the city on May 4 or May 5, just two days after the American raid that killed bin Laden in the city of Abbottabad.
In another development, about 100 militants attacked a security checkpoint near the city of Peshawar early on Wednesday. The police said the three-hour clash killed two police officers and 15 insurgents, The Associated Press reported.
OAKLAND, Calif.—Twitter has asked a federal judge to decide what seems like a relatively simple question: is it ok to tell the public that the company received a specific number of national security orders, rather than simply a broad range, during a given period of time?
The case began more than two years ago, when Twitter sued the Department of Justice and argued that the federal law that prohibits the company from being more precise is unconstitutional. The government counters that courts should defer to the executive branch with respect to classification and not allow Twitter's request.
Lawyers representing the social media giant and the Department of Justice squared off on Tuesday during a hearing as to whether the judge should immediately rule in the government's favor on a motion for summary judgment.
In recent years, many tech companies including Twitter have issued transparency reports that show the public how many law enforcement requests, from countries and agencies worldwide, they have received in a given period. Prior to filing the lawsuit, Twitter even went so far as to sent the DOJ a draft transparency report, which has been released in redacted form in court filings. In a letter, the FBI responded that the information contained in the report "is classified, and cannot be released."
Twitter has argued that just as it has been precise in other areas of its transparency report, so too should it be allowed to say how many national security orders it has received from American authorities.
"Even under the most generous First Amendment standard, there is nothing in there that it is a national security harm to say that we received 44 as opposed to 0 to 499," Lee Rubin, a lawyer representing Twitter, said during the Tuesday hearing.
Such bands of numbers (0 to 499, for example) are formally codified in the USA Freedom Act, which was signed into law in 2015.
In court filings, DOJ lawyers have said that allowing Twitter to provide this specific level of information would be detrimental to national security. This assertion is according to a declaration filed by Michael Steinbach, the executive assistant director of the national security branch of the FBI, where he argued that "the disclosure of the information at issue would provide our adversaries a clear picture of the Government's surveillance activities pertaining to national security investigations." Steinbach also submitted a classified version of his declaration, which has not been made public.
You're not special
During the Tuesday hearing, US District Judge Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers, an Obama-appointed judge, seemingly rebuked the government at one point and noted that its legal responses did not directly address Twitter's arguments. "The analysis that has been provided to the court is generic to any company," she said, explaining that there was "nothing in here that is specific to Twitter.
"If I had five different cases, one by Twitter, one my Microsoft, one by Facebook and all the other groups that do this social media stuff that none of us judges do, [Steinbach] could have taken this exact same declaration and cut and paste the declaration, switched out the names of the company and I would have the same generic explanation for why it is that the government wants to do what it wants to do."
Julia Berman, a lawyer for the Department of Justice, repeatedly cited the Steinbach declaration, citing his concern for how potential adversaries might use this more granular information to their advantage. "Any specific number would be impossible to have a showing that that particular number would have harm to national security," Berman said during the hearing.
Berman also referred back to a 2009 appellate decision, Wilson v. CIA, from the 2nd US Circuit Court of Appeals. That case involved Valerie Plame Wilson, a CIA agent who challenged the fact that the agency classified the dates that she worked, forcing them to be redacted in her own memoir. The 2nd Circuit ruled in favor of the CIA, reaffirming that the judiciary should grant the executive branch of government a wide berth when it comes to issues of national security.
Rubin argued that Twitter should be granted further civil discovery as a way to possibly show the unclassified internal deliberative process to bolster its case. "In a case like this, there is no precedent in granting discovery," Berman countered.
Judge Rogers did not rule from the bench on Tuesday, but likely will issue a written opinion in the coming months.
On April 1, Apple celebrated its 40th anniversary , marking four decades since Steve Jobs, Steve Wozniak, and Ronald Wayne co-founded the company.To mark the occasion, Apple shared a 40th anniversary video, flew a pirate flag at its Cupertino headquarters, held a beer bash, and launched an Apple Music playlist filled with songs that have been used in past Apple advertising spots.Apple's playlist includes 40 tracks from a wide range of genres, featuring artists and bands from The Rolling Stones to Adele to Coldplay. Songs from Apple ads highlighting a number of products are included, like Paul McCartney's Dance Tonight, used in a well-known iPod commercial , and Alabama Shakes' Sound & Color, used in a recent iPad Pro commercial Apple's "Apple 40" anniversary playlist is available to all Apple Music subscribers and can be accessed under the "New" section under Hot Playlists. It can also be accessed through this link
HATE GROUP THE Westboro Baptist Church, known for picketing the funerals of dead US soldiers, says that “God Hates Ireland” after yesterday's historic referendum.
The group reacted to Ireland passing same-sex marriage in predictable fashion, launching an offensive missive against both the country and gay people.
They say that Ireland's hate speech laws have “eliminated any true gospel preaching” in the country.
They even tweeted their signature “God Hates” sign, but seem confused about the order and orientation of the colours on the Irish flag.
The 39-member church from Topeka, Kansas says that Ireland is led by “dogs” and has become a “cesspool of corruption”.
(This passage contains some language that some people will find offensive).
“While only about 10% of the population of Ireland are fags or dykes, the other 90% are most assuredly their soul-condemning enablers. The old preachers used to say fag-enablers are worse than fags because fag-enablers support the filthy beasts calling themselves gay, and they don't even have the excuse of being prisoner to a vile lust.
Romans 1:32 Who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them. Ireland is a land of vile, feces-eaters and anus lickers and those who have pleasure in them – all of whom are abominations to God and headed for Hell. Deal with it!”
Irish people on Twitter, however, were having none of it.
By Sousuke Kudou
The government of Osaka City has started leasing the rooftops of municipal elementary and junior high schools for solar power generation.
The government said business operators will install 14MW of solar panels in total on the roofs of 397 schools. It adopted a joint proposal of RNH Solar Nishi Nihon GK, Shibata Kogyo Co Ltd, Hanwha Q Cells Japan Co Ltd and Rakuten Inc.
The official name of the project of leasing rooftops is the "Project for Promoting Solar Panel Installation Through Permission to Use Space on Roofs of Buildings Constructed by the City for Purposes Other Than the Original Intent." The rooftop space of 275 elementary schools and 122 junior high schools will be leased to private power producers to install solar panels. All the electricity generated with the panels will be sold in principle. The fee for using space on roofs will be decided based on proposals but higher than ¥100/m2 (excluding tax).
The project period is up to 20 years. Power generation need to be started within three years after a project plan is certified based on the FIT (feed-in tariff) policy.
As a result of a public call for proposals, only the joint proposal of the four companies was submitted. It was selected as a candidate project after receiving a score higher than a standard in a screening by a selection committee.
The government of Osaka City established the "Osaka Energy Local Production/Local Consumption Promotion Plan" for promoting the introduction of renewable energy. And the latest effort is part of the plan.
External Link
http://techon.nikkeibp.co.jp/english/
© Nikkei Technology Online
Maeshowe's runes - Viking graffiti
Some of Maeshowe's many runes When Maeshowe was first excavated, in 1861, the chamber's original entrance passage was inaccessible. So, to allow access, the excavators drove a shaft down through the top of the mound. Once inside, however, they found proof that that they were not the first to have broken into the tomb. The walls of the Stone Age chamber were covered in with runic graffiti. The 30 inscriptions found in Maeshowe, make it one of the largest, and most famous, collections of runes known in Europe. According to Orkneyinga saga, over 800 years previously, in the darkness of an Orkney winter, a group of viking warriors had sought shelter from a terrible snowstorm. Leading the men was Earl Harald, who, at Christmas, 1153, was making his way from Stromness to the parish of Firth. The Earl's party took refuge in an already ancient structure – the mound they knew as Orkahaugr. Inside, while waiting for the storm to abate, they carved graffiti into the stone walls. What drew these Norsemen to the tomb? Was it the legends of a great treasure that lay within? "On the thirteenth day of Christmas they travelled on foot over to Firth. During a snowstorm they took shelter in Maeshowe and two of them (his men) went insane which slowed them down badly so that by the time they reached Firth it was night time."
Orkneyinga saga - Chapter 93 Another episode in the tomb is thought to have involved Earl Rognvald and his men. Either heading to the Holy Land on a crusade, or having just returned from one, the Crusaders also spent their time in Orkahaugr, and they also left their mark on the walls. The crusaders' graffiti, however, claims that they were the first to have broken into the chamber. With this in mind, it is likely that they must have entered the chamber prior to their crusade. The translations I have for Maeshowe's runic inscriptions are: "Ingebjork the fair widow - many a woman has walked stooping in here a very showy person" signed by "Erlingr"
"Thorni f*cked. Helgi carved" (the official guidebooks usually tone this inscription down)
"Ingigerth is the most beautiful of all women" (carved beside a rough drawing of a slavering dog)
"This mound was raised before Ragnarr Lothbrocks her sons were brave smooth-hide men though they were" A number of the other inscriptions are simply ancient graffiti: "Ofram the son of Sigurd carved these runes"
"Haermund Hardaxe carved these runes"
"These runes were carved by the man most skilled in runes in the western ocean"
"Tholfir Kolbeinsson carved these runes high up"
"This howe Vermundr carved"
"Ottarfila carved these runes"
"Benedikt made this cross"
"Arnfithr Matr carved these runes with this axe owned by Gauk Trandilsson in the South land"
"Tryggr carved these runes"
"Arnfithr the son of Stein carved these runes"
"Thorir"
"Orkis' son says in the runes he carves"
"futhorkhnias trmly" Other runes explain the Viking's purpose: "Crusaders broke into Maeshowe. Lif the earl's cook carved these runes. To the north-west is a great treasure hidden. It was long ago that a great treasure was hidden here. Happy is he that might find that great treasure. Hakon alone bore treasure from this mound" signed "Simon Sirith"
"It is surely true what I say than treasure was taken away. Treasure was carried off in three nights before those." "Is to me said that treasure is here hidden very well. Say few as Oddr"
"He is a viking...come here under the barrow"
Earth, Sol System, United Nations of Earth
DySun, the galaxy's second largest energy provider, has tonight filed for bankruptcy after a takeover deal by its main corporate rival, Deus Volt, collapsed.
The news led to sharp falls in stock markets across core worlds, with the composite Space Exchange Index (SExI) shedding almost 5% of its total value, marking its biggest fall since the arrival of the Unbidden and systematic purging of 30% of sentient galactic life 3 months ago.
The bankruptcy was prompted after DySun incurred losses of around 500 trillion energy credits from its failed ‘DySun Sphere Project.'
The now completed super-structure was initially touted to “completely solve” the galaxy's energy deficit by “harnessing the unlimited power” of Lehman, a class B sun in the Merrill System.
The project was the largest undertaking of its kind in the galaxy, but was marred with problems from the outset - running 300 trillion credits over budget, 400 years late and at one point requiring the re-introduction of chattel slavery to compensate for high levels of worker fatality.
Following the sphere's grand inauguration last month, DySun engineers realised the structure could actually only provide a maximum of 400 credits worth of energy per month - 1.5 billion credits less than first projected. Based on this, financial analysts calculated it would take almost 62,500 years before the sphere could be paid off.
Experts have described the sphere's low energy output as “very unexpected, highly illogical and totally unrealistic”.
DySun can no longer afford to even decommission the sphere - local governments are currently planning to repurpose it into a luxury resort spa and memorial for all those who perished during its construction.
> More accurate reporting from Ashley Easterbrook could not be possible.
A federal judge on Friday signed an order permanently preventing Louisiana from enforcing a state law [text, PDF] that required websites to age-verify every Internet user before providing access to non-obscene material that could be deemed harmful to any minor. The 2015 Louisiana law required that “any person or entity in Louisiana that publishes material harmful to minors on the Internet shall, prior to permitting access to the material, require any person attempting to access the material to electronically acknowledge and attest that the person seeking to access the material is eighteen years of age or older.” Judge Brian Jackson previously granted a preliminary injunction in April stating that the complaint [text, PDF] filed by the plaintiffs, a group of book sellers and publishers represented by the American Civil Liberties Union of Louisiana [advocacy website], was likely to succeed in proving that the law was unconstitutional for violating the First Amendment by placing severe burdens on booksellers and publishers.
In 2012 a federal judge overturned [JURIST report] major parts of a Utah law that regulated electronic materials potentially harmful to minors. In 2008 the US Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit affirmed [JURIST report] a district court's decision to strike down the federal Child Online Protection Act (COPA), which held website operators who made sexually obscene materials available to children civilly and criminally liable. That court found that COPA did not pass strict scrutiny because it was not narrowly tailored to the legitimate interest in protecting children, as there were less restrictive means available.
By Mitch Bowman
There was a time not so long ago when Counter-Strike appeared to be a dying game. As competitive esports, both the original game and its successor, Counter-Strike: Source, were waning in popularity. Source had been hit particularly hard by the 2008 demise of the Championship Gaming League, the largest competitive league for the game, and original CS (generally referred to as “1.6” by players), was being eclipsed in the public eye by the RTS and MOBA esports du jour.
Even in 2012, with the release of a major new version of the game, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, things were still looking grim. Many of the organizations that had kept competitive CS alive had folded, leaving a dearth of leagues and tournaments for professional players to compete in. To make matters worse, CS:GO itself was simply not very good when it first launched, and most pros were more inclined to stick with Source or 1.6.
Fortunately, game development is a little bit different these days than it was when CS debuted in 1999. Post-launch support is now an integral part of any multiplayer game release, and Valve has gone further in actively supporting and listening to the competitive CS:GO community than they ever have for previous CS games, and they've turned CS:GO from a mediocre iteration into the definitive competitive version of Counter-Strike.
The results in this change of heart from Valve have been hugely positive. Almost exactly one year ago, Dreamhack Winter 2013 hosted the largest CS tournament in the 14-year history of the game, with a prize pool of $250,000. History was made, and since then, three more tournaments of the same size have taken place, all with a Valve-sponsored prize pool and a new game feature that allows the tournament matches to be watched from inside the game client.
Not only have the prize pools gotten (and stayed) larger than ever before, the number of people watching these tournaments has increased steadily, too. On the last weekend of November, Dreamhack Winter 2014 hosted the 4th CS:GO “major” (as these $250,000 tournaments have come to be called), and viewer numbers once again broke the record set by the previous major. Over half a million people watched the final match between LDLC and Ninjas in Pyjamas, with around 300,000 watching the main Twitch stream alone.
The tale of how Counter-Strike's death spiral was reversed is complicated, and many of the pro players and event organizers who lived through it will all have a different take on how their fortunes were reversed. A confluence of circumstances, both to do with the game itself and with the world of esports in general, have all contributed to this reversal of fate.
Scott “Sirscoots” Smith has a particularly long view of Counter-Strike's history. He's been playing the game since the day the public beta became available in June of 1999, and over the last 15 years, he's done everything from managing pro teams, to helping launch the esports coverage outlet GotFrag TV, to his current gig as the host of the analyst desk at Dreamhack and ESL One's big tournaments.
He's of the opinion that Valve's direct support of the game as an esport has made all the difference. “For years Valve did not care at all, because it was a mod of their game, and even when they bought it and made Source, they didn't really care,” Smith says. “It took forever to get things patched – it was community driven. It was fine, it thrived without them, but to have developer support of your game – especially an esport – is an incredible added bonus, especially nowadays.”
This has become increasingly true of major esports games in recent years. Studios like League of Legends creators Riot Games have been providing huge financial support for tournaments recently, and even run their own official World Championship series. Valve has done the same for their other big esports success, DOTA 2. Meanwhile, Blizzard has lagged behind in this regard, and the negative effect this has had on the competitive scene for StarCraft II has been notable.
Beyond their direct support of the competitive community, Valve has also made a big effort to make CS:GO a worthy game to be played competitively in the first place. Smith remarks that “Valve [has taken] all our criticism to heart … they understand that our complaints about gameplay issues fix the game for everybody, whether it's map stuff or gun stuff, and they've started patching stuff and fixing stuff on a very regular basis. The game that came out a couple years ago is not the game we're playing now, and that's amazingly cool.”
Unlike the Source days, Global Offensive has been getting constant love from Valve, in the form of tweaks and balance changes that often arrive once a week or more. Just in the last month, there's been some huge updates to the game that have improved its balance immensely; foremost among This has been an adjustment that reduces the power of the CZ75-Auto, a pistol that has been oft-complained about for being too good since its addition to the game. A legendary map has also gotten a complete rework recently, with stellar results. Valve's effort in this regard has paid off, and the state of CS:GO today is a far cry from the poorly-received game that launched two years ago.
They've also found a way to make things work financially, for both themselves and the teams that play their game for a living. The introduction of weapon skins is a trick straight out of Valve's Team Fortress 2 handbook, and has given them a long-term revenue stream so they can continue to give the game the constant attention it requires.
Over the last year, Valve has also introduced in-game items that directly benefit professional teams. For example, you can buy a sticker of a team's logo to put on your gun, and the team gets a cut of however much people spend on those. On top of the bigger-than-ever tournament prize pools, this has given esports organizations a way to sustainably play Counter-Strike for a living, even if they're not winning every event they attend.
Despite all this focus on the competitive side of the game, CS:GO's developers have also made a version of CS that's far more accessible for new players than any of the previous iterations have ever been. A ranked matchmaking system, similar to those of League of Legends or DOTA 2, ensures players can play against people of a similar skill level to them, rather than having to join a random server and hope they don't get stomped, which was the Source/1.6 way of playing. There's also casual game modes like Arms Race, which always existed in older CS games as mods, but are now official game modes. The value that this accessibility offers in terms of turning new players into fans or participants in the competitive scene is hard to measure, but it certainly can't hurt.
Not all of the hard work required to make CS:GO the success it is today has been done by Valve. Some fortunate outside forces have also acted upon the fate of Counter-Strike, and the rest of the esports world along with it. The huge success of live streaming platforms like Twitch, perhaps more than anything else, has been an enormous driving force behind the ability of esports to reach a wider audience than ever before.
“I think all esports have grown because of the ability to stream for free,” Sirscoots says. “The idea that I can grab good bandwidth, and monetize it fairly inexpensively, has absolutely helped explode esports. You want zero barrier of entry to this content, and Twitch is now the beast that provides that. And they're very, very actively involved in supporting esports. It's not just like ‘Here's your link, go ahead,' they love this shit too.”
The number of Twitch staff members and admins who show up in the chat of any major tournament stream is testament to this fact – beyond simply providing the platform for esports to broadcast themselves, Twitch has been a huge advocate for competitive gaming in general.
For many pro players, Twitch has become another revenue stream outside of tournaments, too. On any given evening, you can find a handful of professional CS:GO players streaming their casual practice matches, often with thousands of people watching. Some pros have even said they make more money from their Twitch broadcasts than they do from playing tournaments.
Robin “Fifflaren” Johansson, a (now retired) pro player whose team Ninjas in Pyjamas won the ESL One Cologne major earlier this year, sees another benefit to Twitch's popularity. “Twitch has helped a lot in the sense that you get so many viewers that have probably never heard of CS before,” he says. “All of the younger generation that started playing League of Legends and whatever, they can go on Twitch and be like ‘Whoa, wait, what's this game? They've got like 300,000 viewers. I gotta check this out.' And that's obviously helped the growth of CS:GO.”
The statistics back Robin's theory up. Not only do the viewer numbers reach new heights every time there's a major, but the number of people actually playing the game does, too. Something about watching the best players in the world play CS makes people want to try it out for themselves.
Other services and platforms do their part as well. “I think you do have to acknowledge things like the betting sites,” Scott Smith says, referring to sites like CS:GO Lounge, which allow users to bet on the outcome of a tournament match. “There's no doubt that people having even more vested interest in a team they bet skins on – or now even real money – makes them watch the match more.”
With CS well on its way to regaining its throne as one of the biggest esports attractions around, the question becomes “what's next?” There's still plenty of room for growth, as evidenced by the behemoth's that are League of Legends and DOTA 2's multi-million dollar tournaments.
For Fifflaren, the answer is something very much like what DOTA 2 has already. “So this major, we had a new record in terms of viewership and the amount of people that are actually playing the game, but I think that's eventually going to slow down. I think that's when Valve needs to take that extra step forward and create the CS:GO version of The International.”
The International is DOTA 2's massive annual tournament, which in 2014 had the biggest prize pool of any esports event ever. Almost $11 million was on the line, most of which was contributed by DOTA players through the purchase of in-game items. The International is an entirely Valve-run affair, much like the first-party-run League of Legends Worlds, which also has an enormous prize pool. So far, CS:GO has no official, first-party tournament like this, and Fifflaren believes that this is a step Valve will have to take eventually if they want CS to continue growing.
Scott Smith, meanwhile, would like Valve to do even more to combat the looming spectre of cheating, with cases of match fixing, exploits, and hacking.
“VAC [Valve's current anti-cheat system] is an effective system, but it's a slow system,” Smith opines. “It takes awhile for someone to get tagged. You're going to play against a cheater, and he's not going to get tagged as he's cheating against you; he's going to get tagged for what he was reported for a month ago, or whatever the timeframe is. I would be absolutely okay with a more invasive anti-cheat client, much like ESEA. I don't care, I trust you Valve, comb through my files like ESEA does.
“You watch high-level streams of like Hiko and all these pros that stream, and they bump into cheaters all the time. It's unfortunate, because it ruins it for nine people.”
Both Scott and Robin agree on one thing, and that's that Valve is on the right track, and the future of Counter-Strike looks bright. With more big tournaments, more gameplay improvements, and more packed Twitch streams, there's sure to be a lot of CS-related action to look forward to in the coming months and years.
A special on-line memorial to Michael C. Ruppert will take place Thursday May 8 at 9pm EDT.
To register go to www.carolynbaker.net
“I don't deal in conspiracy theory, I deal in conspiracy fact!” -Michael C Ruppert
LISTEN TO THE SHOW
Length (59:41)
Click to download the audio (MP3 format)
On April 13, 2014, Michael Ruppert had just completed his final broadcast of his weekly radio show The Lifeboat Hour, which he has helmed since September 12, 2010. He went to an outdoor meditation spot on the property at which he had been residing. When he was found, he had apparently shot himself in the head with a Glock 30 .45 caliber pistol. He was 63.
Mike Ruppert had become one of the most outspoken and compelling voices in the realm of independent journalism and analysis. He brought to the table a stupendous command of economic, historical and political issues.
Ruppert represented a convergence of valuable traits which included an academic's restless intellect, a cop's eye for detail, a heart-felt passion for justice, and the street-level experience of a whistleblower who broke ranks with the people he trusted in the name of an all too uncommon ethical code that he lived by.
He was able to bring to the table the critical arguments challenging official government narratives about the global economy, the 9/11 attacks, the fratricidal death of Pat Tillman, CIA drug dealing in Black communities throughout the US, peak oil as a causative factor underlying US foreign policy, and many, many other stories.
This week, the Global Research News Hour pays tribute to Mr. Ruppert on the occasion of his recent tragic death.
The podcast contains audio from past speeches and a previously recorded conversation with him, as well as post-mortem conversations with five individuals who knew and worked with Mike Ruppert over the years.
Carolyn Baker is a long-time acquaintance of Mike Ruppert's. She was an adjunct professor of history and psychology for 11 years and a psychotherapist in private practice for 17 years. She authored several books related to the concept of societal collapse. She contributed to Ruppert's on-line newsletter From The Wilderness, and co-hosted his final radio broadcast before he died.
Kellia Ramares-Watson is an Oakland-based independent journalist and broadcaster. She was Bonnie Faulkner's co-host on the very first broadcast of Guns and Butter for radio station KPFA back on October 12, 2001. This debut episode featured none other than Mike Ruppert with his initial impressions of the 9/11 attacks and the US role in failing to prevent the attacks. The transcript of that interview is available on the Global Research website.
Wesley Miller was Mike Ruppert's attorney, executor and personal friend. He replaced Ruppert as CEO and President of COLLAPSENET, the on-line community portal for individuals and communities seeking to transition away from a dependence on fossil fuels and industrial civilization.
Barrie Zwicker is a long-time independent journalist and media critic. He became one of the first people in the world to publicly critique the official story of 9/11 on a national television broadcast. Barrie was largely for getting RUppert's analysis of 9/11 aired on Canadian television and paid tribute to him in his 2006 book Towers of Deception: The Media Cover-up of 9/11.
Guy McPherson is Professor Emeritus of Natural Resources and Ecology & Evolutionary Biology at the University of Arizona. He has appeared on Ruppert's radio show a number of times pioneering his research pointing to the prospects for the Near Term Extinction of the human species due to climate change.
Ruppert's work has appeared often over the years on the Global Research website. A link to some of those stories can be found here.
See also
LISTEN TO THE SHOW
Length (59:41)
Click to download the audio (MP3 format)
The Global Research News Hour airs every Friday at 1pm CT on CKUW 95.9FM in Winnipeg. The programme is also podcast at globalresearch.ca .
The show can be heard on the Progressive Radio Network at prn.fm. Listen in every Monday at 3pm ET.
The show also airs on CHLY 101.7FM every Thursday at 1pm PT.
It airs on Boston College Radio WZBC 90.3FM NEWTONS Sundays at 7am ET during the Truth and Justice Radio Programming slot.
Port Perry Radio in Port Perry, Ontario – Thursdays at 1pm ET
Burnaby Radio Station CJSF out of Simon Fraser University. 90.1FM to most of Greater Vancouver, from Langley to Point Grey and from the North Shore to the US Border.
It is also available on 93.9 FM cable in the communities of SFU, Burnaby, New Westminister, Coquitlam, Port Coquitlam, Port Moody, Surrey and Delta, in British Columbia Canada. – Tune in every Saturday at 6am.
CFRU 93.
In 1984, Nora Frenkiel coined the term glass ceiling: "Women have reached a certain point — I call it the glass ceiling. They're in the top of middle management and they're stopping and getting stuck."
"The glass ceiling is the ability to visualize getting to the top but not reaching there. In Pakistan for female entrepreneurs, you can neither see what it looks like nor aspire to be something you cannot imagine," Maria Umar says. "It's more of a cement ceiling here in our case in Pakistan."
Umar is challenging the cement ceiling as an international entrepreneur and a key player in Pakistan's burgeoning tech scene. She is revered as one of the trailblazers in the female entrepreneurial revolution, and focuses her efforts on furthering work opportunities for women in Pakistan.
SEE ALSO: 10 Creative Social Media Resumes To Learn From
Before becoming an entrepreneur, Umar was a full-time teacher. She quit after her job refused her maternity leave and subsequently began writing for a woman she found through Rozee.pk, Pakistan's premiere job portal. The money was good — almost double what she made as a teacher — but when Umar discovered her employer's oDesk profile, she realized she could make even more money by contracting with clients directly.
She set up her own oDesk account and began taking on extra jobs and outsourcing them. At first she gave the jobs to her nieces, then to their friends, and eventually to their classmates, until she realized that she had developed a small content-creation business.
Today, this company is called The Women's Digital League, an IT-solution company that trains rural Pakistani women in micro online tasks, from ghost-writing to social media management.
Ovidiu Bujorean is the Senior Manager of the GIST Initiative, which supports entrepreneurship in the Middle East, Asia and Africa. He met Umar after she won a GIST business plan competition, and recognized her ability immediately. "She is extremely passionate and persistent," he says of Umar. "She's also very committed to her mission of helping female entrepreneurs find job opportunities. Even if she hits a wall, she will learn her way over, under or through that wall."
As a female entrepreneur working in a male-dominated IT-field, there is no shortage of walls for Umar to break through.
The challenges women face while trying to secure an education in Pakistan are significant. Last year, UNESCO reported that 62% of girls in Pakistan between seven and 15 years old have never spent time in a classroom. Violence against girls pursuing an education has increased since the alleged Taliban attack against Malala Yousafzai in October of last year.
But the country's education emergency is only the beginning of a larger problem.
According to the Pakistan Bureau of Statistics, only 14.3% of Pakistani women currently participate in the labor force.
SEE ALSO: Women Narrowing Gap in IT Jobs
"Girls themselves are becoming more empowered and asking for their right to [education]," Umar says. "Unfortunately not very many actually utilize that education in the formal sector..."Families discourage girls from working outside due to [the] security situation and lack of social acceptance."
Social media has played an integral role in helping WDL provide work-opportunities for women who otherwise may be unable to work.
Umar finds the majority of WDL freelancers through social media. She attaches hashtags like #homebasedwork, #writerneeded, #jobopportunities and #pakistan to tweet advertising job opportunities, and receives a new CV almost daily.
"There are women that I've known for the past three years, and very closely through social media," says Umar, "through Twitter, through Facebook pages and yes, through LinkedIn too."
Umar estimates that more than 80% of her company's business comes through LinkedIn referrals, largely because of the effort she's put into cultivating complimentary reviews. “If you check, even now I don't have my formal website up,” she says, “I've never needed to. When people come and ask me, ‘I've heard that you do this, how can we find out more about it?' I just say well, go to my LinkedIn page.”
Umar's leveraging of her LinkedIn referrals was impressive enough to catch the attention of Alec Ross, the former Senior Advisor for Innovation to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
"The idea of a woman in one of the Waziristans working on an IT micro tasking is a very powerful affirmation of the platform," he said. Ross remembers being struck by Umar's dedication to helping other women find work. "I firmly believe that we need to empower women in the marketplace. There's so much insecurity brought on by men. This woman was empowering dozens of other women."
Umar recently announced that she is expanding WDL into The Digital League, a company that offers digital solutions to individuals and corporate clients.
"We decided we needed to include the men as well," she says, noting that WDL will remain a subsidiary of TDL. "Why just Pakistan? We are now expanding it to the world."
Image courtesy of Thunderbird.edu
Islamabad: Pakistan on Sunday refuted as "unfounded and premature" India's charge that it was behind the terrorist attack in Jammu and Kashmir's Uri that killed 17 soldiers, with its army demanding "actionable intelligence" to support New Delhi's accusation.
Following the dawn attack, India blamed Pakistan for the latest attack on the Indian Army. Home Minister Rajnath Singh directly attacked Pakistan saying it was a "terrorist state" and should be isolated. Pakistan army spokesman Lt Gen Asim Saleem Bajwa said that following the attack Director General of Military Operation (DGMO) of the two countries discussed the situation along the Line of Control through hotline.
"Refuting the unfounded and pre-mature Indian allegation, Pakistani DGMO asked his counterpart to share any actionable intelligence," Radio Pakistan reported citing an ISPR release. Bajwa reiterated that no infiltration was allowed from the Pakistani soil because of "water-tight arrangements" in place on both sides of LoC and the Working Boundary.
Heavily armed militants stormed a battalion headquarters of the Army in North Kashmir's Uri town in the wee hours, killing 17 jawans and injuring 19 other personnel in the strike in which four ultras were neutralised.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Philippine mayor on Duterte's ‘narco-list' slain by ‘sniper'
MANILA: A Philippine mayor on President Rodrigo Duterte's list of allegedly narcotics-linked officials was shot dead Monday by a "sniper" in a broad daylight attack at a town ceremony, police said.
Antonio Halili was hit in the chest by a single shot fired from a distance, unleashing chaotic scenes during the weekly flag raising ceremony at the town hall in Tanauan, south of Manila.
In the moments that followed, terrified onlookers screamed and the mayor's security details opened fire, video of the scene showed.
However, the shooter managed to escape and Halili was pronounced dead at hospital.
Town police chief Renato Mercado told AFP the shot was fired from about 150 metres away.
"The distance from the position was extraordinary. It could not be done by an ordinary person. His skill can be compared to a trained sniper," he told AFP.
The controversial Halili had compared himself to Duterte as he publicly shared the president's hardline position against crime and illegal drugs.
But in 2017, Halili's name surfaced on a "narco-list" presented by Duterte, of officials allegedly linked to narcotics.
Halili was stripped of control of the police following the publication of the list, but he denied any ties to drugs.
Though the Philippines sees occasional slayings of local politicians, the brazen nature of the killing and links to Duterte's drug war drew immediate outrage.
Here is the list of the heroes you can choose from to take into the Nexus.
Heroes [ edit ]
In Heroes of the Storm, you'll be able to take control of a variety of powerful heroes from across Blizzard's universes. There heroes can be obtained in a variety of ways.
Free Rotation
Each week, you'll have the option to choose from five heroes that will be freely available in our weekly hero rotation. As you play, you will gain experience from your matches. Once you reach level 7, you'll unlock an additional hero rotation slot, bringing the total to 6 free heroes. The hero rotations are updated evert Tuesday.
Try Me
Whether or not a hero is currently in free rotation, you can take them out for a spin using the "Try Me" system. This system allows you to test out individual heroes on a closed custom map where you can try out abilities and talents at your leisure, outside of the normal mode. You'll be able to summon minions, bots and forts, as well as repick your abilities and clear cooldowns.
Purchase
If you want to have access to the heroes permanently, you will be able to purchase the hero with in-game currency called gold, which you earn for completing in-game objectives. You start earning gold once you reach level 5 and will be awarded more of this valuable currency as you level up. You can also earn currency for completing Daily Quests, which are unlocked at level 6.
You will also be able to purchase heroes for real money. Right now you can unlock Valla the Demon Hunter by pre-ordering Diablo lll: Reaper of Souls.
Hero Progression
Since teams share experience and levels and there are no items, the way to progress your Hero is via an extensive talent system in-game. Each character gets three base moves (the default keys for abilities are Q, W, E, and R) and as you level up you choose talents at levels one, four, and seven in order to build the type of character you want to play. At levels 10 and 20 you choose one of two Ultimate abilities, something to make your character extra potent.
Talents [ edit ]
Talents drastically change the way each Hero is played, kind of like specializations in World of Warcraft, and there's three to choose from at each of the major levels mentioned above. You aren't forced to go down a certain path once you pick a talent, you're just given three options per level, and two options for your Ultimate ability.
The talent builds allow for a lot of creativity and will keep characters from becoming stale. Even if you play a character enough times to become proficient, you can switch it up and try different talents and experience something completely new.
Loading
Mounts are also available. Mounts increase movement speed, and include Wolves, Armored Horses, and Pwnyns.
Was this guide helpful? YES NO
On the 21st of April, Oxford Street will see a UCG demo entitled Enough is Enough. All cab drivers are welcome.
The UCG has invited other orgs and unions to show support for this demo.
The demonstration has been called by Trevor Merralls who is the UCG campaign manager.
This demonstration was born out of the frustration that a lot of drivers are feeling.
We all went through years of the knowledge, missing time with our family and friends so we could become one of the elite, the best in the world.
Since the Olympics, we've seen a steady erosion of our business.
TFL are responsible for satellite offices, clip board johnnies and no enforcement despite what Peter Hendy says- quoting figures plucked out of thin air.
We all know there is no enforcement in the west end on any night of the week, which is infested with minicabs unhindered by compliance officers or the police.
Every Tom, Dick and Harry minicab outfit has got e-hail.
We are being deregulated by the back door ENOUGH is ENOUGH.
TFL have been described by a GLA report as being a woefully inadequate regulator of the Taxi and private hire trade.
One man is responsible for TFL. In his seven years as mayor Boris Johnson has been an abject failure. God help Uxbridge.
Most cab drivers see themselves as ambassadors of this great city and quite frankly it's become an embarrassment.
Johnson and TFL have to go.
'Very few' at the 104-pupil school are from ethnic groups, report says
A high-performing primary school has missed out on Ofsted's top grade after being judged too English.
Pupils at the rural primary lacked ‘first-hand experience of the diverse make-up of modern British society', declared the watchdog.
However, around 97 per cent of the population in the town to which the school belongs are white.
Middle Rasen Primary School in Market Rasen, Lincolnshire, has missed out on an 'outstanding' rating from Ofsted because it is 'too English'. Pictured: Headteacher Melonie Brunton (back middle) with pupils
Inspectors penalised the 104-pupil school for not being multicultural enough, despite 97 per cent of the town being white and the majority of pupils not being from ethnic backgrounds
Ofsted refused it an ‘outstanding' rating and graded it ‘good' instead.
It said the school was failing to do enough to ensure pupils understand the ‘cultural diversity of modern British society' and experience ‘first-hand interaction with counterparts from different backgrounds'.
But parents complained Middle Rasen Primary in Market Rasen was being punished for factors outside its control and had effectively been told it was ‘too English'.
The row is the latest controversy over new rules on teaching ‘British values' introduced in the wake of the Trojan Horse scandal, in which Muslim extremists tried to infiltrate schools in Birmingham.
Schools are required to ‘actively promote' British values such as democracy, tolerance, mutual respect, individual liberty and the rule of law.
However the rules – and Ofsted's enforcement of them – have brought criticism from some schools and faith groups. A Christian school in Reading says it was warned it could face closure for failing to invite imams and other religious leaders to take assemblies.
In another case, a Roman Catholic school in East Anglia was marked down for failing to do enough to ‘teach students about the dangers of extremism and radicalisation', although the report was later withdrawn.
Head Melonie Brunton (left) said Ofsted's comments were a backlash against the so-called Trojan Horse plot, while Rev Charles Patrick (right), former head of governors, said town did not have many non-white residents
The 104-pupil Middle Rasen Primary, in the town of Market Rasen on the edge of the Lincolnshire wolds, was inspected last month.
Ofsted praised it for high standards of teaching and leadership and the courteous and enthusiastic behaviour of pupils. But the inspector said: ‘The large majority of pupils are White British. Very few are from other ethnic groups, and currently no pupils speak English as an additional language.'
It said the school should ‘extend pupils' understanding of the cultural diversity of modern British society by creating opportunities for them to have first-hand interaction with their counterparts from different backgrounds'.
Elsewhere, the small school had been highly praised in the report for its management and teaching, plus its well-behaved, courteous and enthusiastic pupils
Yesterday parents attacked the Ofsted decision. Mother-of-two Kirsty Egen, 29, said: ‘I think it's ridiculous. It's a brilliant school.
‘Why would the school spend time on trying to teach the children how to integrate with people who aren't even there? It seems very vindictive to just mark them down for something they cannot change.'
Jodie Miller, 35, whose daughter Dylann, six, attends the school added: ‘We are a small rural community, there just aren't many children here from different backgrounds.'
The town (pictured) is believed to be made up of about 97 per cent white residents, but the school was told that pupils should be more exposed to a range of different backgrounds
Julia Weeks, 47, who has a son of ten at the school, said: ‘To mark a school down for something they cannot control is crackers. If there were more people from ethnic minorities around then maybe you could have a complaint, but there just aren't.' Father-of-one Benjamin Bannan, 33, added: ‘It's outrageous that a British school can he punished for being too British.'
Head teacher Melonie Brunton said the school was now looking to partner with an inner-city school in an effort to comply with Ofsted's recommendation.
‘Ofsted are very keen on British values,' she said. ‘We were very pleased to have got the very positive comments. We are a rural Lincolnshire school and that is always going to be an issue.'
Ofsted said: ‘We judged this school to be good across all areas, including teaching quality and pupils' behaviour. All schools must teach pupils about fundamental British values.'
Jodie Miller, pictured with daughter Dylann, said it was 'bizarre' for Ofsted to 'punish' the school for being 'too English'
Father-of-one Benjamin Bannan, 33, added: 'Its outrageous that a British school can be punished for being too British. It just doesn't make sense at all.
'We would welcome people from different cultures with open arms I'm sure - but there just aren't any ethnic minorities around here.'
Ms Brunton said the school would look to partner with an inner-city school to develop their understanding of multicultural issues.
She said: 'We would have liked to be 'outstanding' but we were very pleased to have got the very positive comments.
'We all worked really hard - everybody, the staff and the pupils have worked hard.
'I think the problem is that we are a rural Lincolnshire school and that is always going to be an issue. I agree that we could do more and we are trying to get a partnership with an inner city school.'
The head said school trips usually involve visits to the countryside, such as farms and zoos.
But they recently had a trip to Derby, which included a mosque visit as well as touring the Rolls-Royce factory.
She added: 'We try to do things but not enough. I felt the Ofsted comments were a backlash against the Birmingham Trojan Horse issue and Ofsted are very keen on British values.'
Reverend Charles Patrick, who was head of the governors at the time of the report, added: 'There is always more that you can do and maybe now we look at twinning the school with ones from other minority areas or something like that.
'But this is a rural area, like 80 per cent of the country, we don't have many non white residents. Perhaps it would be a different matter if we were in the middle of London or Manchester or something.'
Tory MP for Gainsborough Sir Edward Leigh said: 'This is political correctness gone mad.
'Middle Rasen Primary School is an outstanding school by any standards, and Melonie Brunton is a brilliant headteacher - I back the school and its head one-hundred percent.
'Just last week I wrote to Nicky Morgan, the Education Secretary, objecting strenuously to the new so-called 'equality' regulations she is implementing in schools.
'Conservatives have always stood for freeing our schools from the deadening hand of state-enforced orthodoxy.
'Why there has been such a massive U-turn under Nicky Morgan is inexplicable to me.
'Multiculturalism is an irrelevance in Lincolnshire with its low number of ethnic minorities, who are already welcomed and well-integrated into our local communities, as they should be.'
A spokesman for Ofsted reiterated that it was not the only factor in depriving the school of its 'outstanding' rating.
He said: 'We judged this school to be good across all areas including leadership and management, teaching quality, and pupils' behaviour and safety.
'All schools must teach pupils about fundamental British values including mutual respect and tolerance of those with different faiths and beliefs.
'That way they will be prepared for the future wherever they go.'
The 20th anniversary of the formation of the Saskatchewan Party on Tuesday comes at a time when the party needs "renewal" to regain public support after an unpopular budget, CBC polls analyst Éric Grenier says.
On Aug. 8, 1997, the political landscape in Saskatchewan changed when the new party was created to challenge the governing NDP.
It would be another 10 years before the party formed its first government in 2007. In the years after they were elected, Grenier said, the party's leadership was credited for economic success in the province, and Premier Brad Wall maintained his popularity with voters.
But now, 10 years since the elation of its first year in government, Grenier says the party is facing its biggest challenges to date.
"It's starting to catch up to them and all the decisions that they've had to make, the budgetary problems that they've had this year where they brought forward a budget that was very unpopular. And now the party is in need of some renewal," said Grenier.
Eight men and women
In 1997, four Liberals and four Progressive Conservatives joined to form the Saskatchewan Party. MLAs Bill Boyd, Dan D'Autremont, Ben Heppner and Don Toth were the four former Progressive Conservatives, while Bob Bjornerud, June Draude, Rod Gantefoer and Ken Krawetz made up the former Liberal contingent.
The party now needs to find somebody to replace [Brad Wall] if he decides not to run in the next election. - CBC polls analyst Éric Grenier
Former Saskatchewan Lt.-Gov. Gordon Barnhart, who is also a political historian and the former clerk of the Canadian Senate, remembers the chain of events that led to the formation of the party. Barnhart is now writing a book about how it was founded.
He said while some members of the Liberal Party were dissatisfied with the leadership at the time, the main motivation behind the creation of the new party was to oust the NDP.
Liberal leadership, vote-splitting concerns behind new party
There were concerns that vote-splitting was allowing the NDP to stay in government even when their support was going down.
"I think there were a lot of people in both the Liberal Party and the [Progressive] Conservative Party that could show statistically that if you added their support together in most of the elections they would have formed government if they were one party," Barnhart told host Garth Marterie on CBC Radio's Blue Sky.
It took 10 years, but the party did form government in 2007. Grenier said the upturn in the oil price was part of the reason for the party's success to date, having remained in power through two elections in 2011 and 2016.
He said it has also been able to unite non-NDP voters to attract both centrist and conservative support, and that it had benefited from a weak NDP at the time of its first election win.
Trent Wotherspoon is considering a run for the Saskatchewan NDP leadership after resigning as the interim leader. (Matthew Howard/CBC)
New challenges
Now Grenier says the Saskatchewan Party is facing a challenge he says was common among parties that had been in power for a long time, and something the B.C. Liberals and Manitoba NDP struggled with before their recent losses.
"That'll be the big challenge for them, is to continue to be a party that can appear to be, not an agent of change, but able to evolve and adapt with changing politics and the changing demographics of the province," Grenier said.
"But another challenge will be if the New Democrats no longer appear like an opposition party and start to look like an alternative government."
He said the outcome of the Saskatchewan NDP leadership race could affect its chances, saying the selection of Ryan Meili could make a win harder than a more "centre" candidate like Trent Wotherspoon.
The future of Wall as the leader of the Saskatchewan Party is also a factor, Grenier said.
"He is no longer as popular and as free from many, sort of, popularity problems," he said.
"The party now needs to find somebody to replace him if he decides not to run in the next election — someone who can continue the Saskatchewan Party success and its branding as a sound economic manager of the province."
Grenier added that there were some examples of parties that had successfully overcome the challenges facing long-standing governments to win another election, but that a change of leadership was not a surefire path to success.
Party formation subject of new book
Before the year is through, the founding of the party and its early years leading up to 2007 will be chronicled in a book by Gail Krawetz, whose husband Ken Krawetz was the eighth and final MLA to join as a founding member.
Eight MLAs formed the Saskatchewan party on Aug. 8, 1997. (Saskatchewan Party website) Although she has a personal connection to the events outlined in the book, entitled "Risk and Reward: The Birth and Meteoric Rise of Saskatchewan Party", Krawetz said she is committed to making it an objective historical account.
In her interviews with founding members, she said she was surprised by the level of risk the MLAs took to form the party.
"These were two very traditional parties in the province and now they were sort of putting them, I wouldn't say to bed, but they were out of the mix for a while, and starting something brand new and asking them to trust them and come on board," Krawetz said.
"And surprisingly the groundswell of support was quite overwhelming."
Krawetz said she wanted to record the story of the founding of the party while most of the founders are still around to tell it. She believes the story is unique.
Forming Sask. Party was big risk: Krawetz
"I think what was special was that these were sitting MLAs so they had a platform but they didn't have much else," she said.
"There was no money, there was no membership, they didn't even know if they'd get official party status or if they would have their name allowed. Many people argued they shouldn't be allowed to use that name."
Thank you Bob, Ken, Ben, June, Rod, Dan, Bill, and Don for your vision to join together in creating one united free-enterprise party for SK. <a href="https://t.co/hzmfI4EBCh">https://t.co/hzmfI4EBCh</a> —@PremierBradWall
Krawetz believes it was partly the personalities of the MLAs, including her husband, that helped gather enough support to win government in Saskatchewan.
Premier Brad Wall thanked the founding members in a tweet on Tuesday.
"Thank you Bob, Ken, Ben, June, Rod, Dan, Bill, and Don for your vision to join together in creating one united free-enterprise party for SK," Wall said.
Recent moves by VMware have caused "uncertainty in the Vert.x community", as the company has staked its claim on the project. When Vert.x, the asynchronous framework for Java and other JVM based languages, was launched in May 2012, Tim Fox, a VMware employee and project lead, described the project as "a community project sponsored by VMware".
Upon leaving VMware at the end of December and starting at Red Hat, Fox had expected to continue administering the Vert.x project after he left their employment. It appears though, that VMware's lawyers had a different plan and turned up on Fox's door in person with a letter demanding he gave up all administrative rights of the Vert.x GitHub project, Google group, vertx.io domain and Vert.x blog. Fox says the company refused his proposal that it grant him a licence to continue to use the Vert.x trademark and domain.
After talks between VMware and Red Hat, Fox has been legally obliged to avoid litigation by transferring ownership of the GitHub project, Google group, domain and blog to VMware. "I am very concerned about this turn of events, as I understand it creates uncertainty in the Vert.x community", says Fox in a posting to the project's Google group.
Fox says that he will continue to lead the community "the best I can under these restrictions", but has asked the community to consider the future and how to take the Vert.x project forward. Already some community members are calling for a fork of the project; this would be relatively simple given that Vert.x is under an Apache 2.0 licence, though it would involve renaming the code base and project.
The H has reached out to VMware for its position on the future of Vert.X.
See also:
Vert.x â an asynchronous, event-driven Java web framework, a feature article from TheÂ H.
(djwm)
Last week, Yahoo! changed their DMARC policy. Since that event, I have grown to loathe email even more.
You can find a domain's DMARC policy, if any, by checking DNS:
~$ dig -t txt _dmarc.yahoo.com | grep TXT ;_dmarc.yahoo.com. IN TXT _dmarc.yahoo.com. 1793 IN TXT "v=DMARC1\; p=reject\; sp=none\; pct=100\; rua=mailto:dmarc-yahoo-rua@yahoo-inc.com, mailto:dmarc_y_rua@yahoo.com\;"
DMARC gives instructions on how to check whether a message is really from a domain, and how to deal with messages that aren't. First you check a message's DKIM signature and SPF results, then you use the DMARC policy to decide what to do.
DKIM is a kind of digital signature. For example, here's one from a message I sent myself recently:
DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha1; c=relaxed; d=pobox.com; h=subject:from :to:date:mime-version:content-type:content-transfer-encoding :message-id; s=sasl; bh=Thy1S1zI40m42mTl74YTuMseXt4=; b=W/XF275Z Es+/l8eC+TeiRiBerAmSbYV7zFTTQfxP4dPtws7xVo3bPxb+E1mZ4dQXbzv6b92N QREJ9lOSeET42toRjh37uDN8OhPZRqK37TfSSy2yplDC/1cpswW1Girg3FoUZ03q FVRtfzsJNABmAhg8tP5ajrCVaAFvUpHuig8=
The h=... stuff says which headers are part of the message. To verify the signature, look look up the public key (found with dig -t txt sasl._domainkey.pobox.com ) and verify the signature against the content of the body and selected headers.
Without DMARC, DKIM can tell you that there's a valid signature, but not why or what to do about it. DMARC lets you say "if there's no valid signature, consider the message suspect, and please tell me about such messages." DMARC is designed to be used on "transactional email," like receipts and order status updates, on newsletters, or on other kinds of mail from an organization to a recipient. It's a reasonable way to attack phishing, because phishers won't be able to produce a valid DKIM signature without your private key. Even if they had it, it will be much more expensive to send out mail that requires a digital signature.
DMARC also lets you give the instruction to reject mail that doesn't authenticate. This is useful if you're a bank and you're really sure that you're getting DKIM right.
Last week, Yahoo! changed their DMARC policy to "reject when DKIM doesn't match." This is a big problem, because they made this change on yahoo.com addresses. DMARC is applied only and always to whatever address is in the From header of an email message. Addresses at yahoo.com are used not just by Yahoo!'s internal services, but also by end users, who can get such addresses by signing up for Yahoo! Mail. Then they can do things like join discussion mailing lists.
Mailing lists will almost always change the headers of the message, and changing the body is quite common, too. Either of these will break the DKIM signature. That means that if someone with a Yahoo! Mail account sends a message to your mailing list, quite a lot of the subscribers will immediately bounce the message. (Specifically, those subscribers whose mail servers respect DMARC will bounce.)
You can't just strip the DKIM signature to prevent there from being an invalid one. The policy requires a valid signature — or a valid SPF record. SPF records are designed to say which IP addresses may send mail for a domain. Since a mailing list will be sending from the list server's IP and not the original sender's IP, that fails too. One email expert described the situation as "Yahoo! has declared war on mailing lists." It's pretty accurate.
The most common solution that's being put into play is From header rewriting. Mailing lists are changing their From headers, so that when you used to see:
From: "Xavier Ample" <xample@example.com>
You'll now see:
From: "Xavier Ample via Fun List" <funlist@heaven.af.mil>
Of course, this screws with replies, so Reply-To needs munging, too. It screws with lots of stuff, though, and it makes everyone angry — and rightfully so, I think. Certainly, I've had to spend quite a lot of time trying to deal with the fallout of this decision. DMARC just isn't good for individual mail accounts. I worry that some of the mechanisms that are being introduced to deal with this are going to create a much less open system for email exchange. This isn't a good thing! Email has a lot of problems, but being a network that one can join without permission is a good thing.
DMARC does a fair job at the thing for which it was intended, but it makes everything else much trickier. This is the nature of much email "improvements," which were added without careful consideration. Or, often, with careful consideration but not much concern. It's understandable. Email seems impossible to replace and impossible to really fix, so we bodge it over and over.
I mentioned SPF, above. SPF also broke parts of the pre-existing email system. Specifically, forwarding. SPF lets you say "only the machines that are MXes for example.com may send mail with an SMTP sender at 'example.com'". This broke forwarding servers. That is, imagine that you've got mydomain.com and its MX sends mail on to your private host myhost.mydomain.com . On that last hop, mx.mydomain.com might be sending you mail FROM an address someone@example.com , while the SPF records for example.com only allow mx.example.com to send such mail.
A second standard was introduced to fix this problem: SRS. With SRS, mx.mydomain.com would be required to rewrite the address to something like SRS0=xyz=abc=example.com=someone@srs.mydomain.com . There are just a holy ton of problems with this setup, but I'll stick to the one that I had to fight with today.
This is a valid email address for use in SMTP interchange:
"your \"best\" friend"@example.com
It's not often used, and it's basically totally awful, but it exists, it's legal, and you should generally try to cope with it if you're doing something as wide-ranging in effect as SRS. Sadly, the reference implementation of SRS totally drops the ball, rewriting to:
SRS0=xyz=abc=example.com="your \"best\" friend"@srs.example.com
This is not a legal address, to say the least.
If anybody needs to reach me, just send a fax.
Elon Musk roared into the Detroit Auto Show last week and made plain that it's not only his Tesla (TSLA) electric cars that are expected to meet the very highest performance standards, gunning from zero to 60 miles per hour in a McLaren-like 3.2 seconds. He rides his employees awfully hard, as well.
“If you are fighting a battle, it's way better if you are at the front lines,” Musk told the Wall Street Journal, describing himself not as a mere micromanager but as something far more intense—a “nano-manager.”
Indeed, Musk makes no apologies for what the Journal described as “a hands-on obsession with the tiniest operational and car-design details at Tesla.” It's safe to say that his domineering style doesn't differ at SpaceX, the rocket company he founded and runs.
Musk is the envy of many—and why not? He's a billionaire. He was married (twice) to a beautiful actress. He has plans to visit Mars someday. He nonchalantly tosses around the word “Hyperloop.” Heck, he's the model for Tony Stark, the swashbuckling genius played by Robert Downey Jr. in the “Iron Man” films.
But before legions of executives start trying to be nano-managers, here's a note of caution: This is a terrible way to get the most out of your people.
Workers perform best when they're in what Paul Zak, my colleague at Claremont Graduate University, describes as a “high-trust environment.” By looking at some 5,000 employees at about 50 companies, Zak and his team at the Center for Neuroeconomics Studies have found that those in high-trust situations are 19% more productive than those in low-trust workplaces. One crucial aspect of being in a high-trust setting, Zak explains, is having “the freedom to take on projects the way you choose to.”
When people's autonomy in the workplace is sharply curtailed, they feel as if they've lost control—and, in turn, their brains react as if they're being threatened. That raises their level of stress, which often causes them to perform poorly. “Feeling in control, even if it's an illusion, is key to … cognitive ability staying intact,” Amy Arnsten, a professor of neurobiology and psychology at Yale, has pointed out.
Great managers have always known the trouble with dictating to employees. Successfully motivating employees “involves teaching rather than telling,” William B. Given Jr., the president of American Brake Shoe Co., wrote in his 1949 classic Bottom-Up Management.
This dynamic is especially important in today's fast-moving world, when organizations need everyone, from top to bottom, to continually come up with fresh ideas. “The tighter the controls you enforce, the lower the innovation,” says F. Asis Martinez-Jerez, a business professor at Notre Dame. In a 2011 study, he and two colleagues studied casino workers under different degrees of management oversight. Their conclusion: “Employees in ‘tightly monitored' business units face strong implicit incentives to experiment less by deviating less often from explicit decision guidelines.” As a consequence, they “have fewer opportunities to learn” new ways to serve their customers.
There are, of course, instances where a by-the-book culture is appropriate. Tasks in which safety is a paramount concern may demand a tighter leash, for example. Managing during a crisis may also require a heavier hand.
More generally, all employees need direction. The antidote to micromanagement is not to abdicate all management and disappear. Rather, the ideal is to offer employees what former Gucci Group CEO Robert Polet liked to call “freedom within the framework.”
The best leaders set “extremely high standards when it comes to things like the customer experience and the design of the product,” says Chris Yeh, general partner at Wasabi Ventures and co-author with LinkedIn Chairman Reid Hoffman and Ben Casnocha of The Alliance: Managing Talent in the Networked Age. “They provide detailed coaching and actionable feedback.”
Jim Harter, Gallup's chief scientist for Workplace Management and Well-Being, agrees. His research shows that employees are most engaged when it's been made clear to them what outcomes they're responsible for—and are then put in an optimal position to use their strengths to achieve those results.
The trick is to not push it too far—to not “over-manage,” as Harter puts it. The Journal reported that at Tesla, “some high-level managers quit or were fired after clashing with the chief executive over Mr. Musk's insistence on doing things his way.” This jibes with Zak's studies: High-trust companies, he says, boast 70% greater job satisfaction and 69% higher job retention than low-trust ones.
In the end, a manager's role is to find that sweet spot between Iron Man and Invisible Woman.
Rick Wartzman is the executive director of the Drucker Institute at Claremont Graduate University. Author or editor of five books, he is currently writing a narrative history of how the social contract between employer and employee in America has changed since the end of World War II.
Learn more about the latest Tesla news from Fortune's video team:
Assistant Attorney General Tony West of the Justice Department told reporters Monday that defending Don't Ask Don't Tell and the Defense of Marriage Act were “difficult” for the Obama administration.
“Those are difficult cases because as you know the administration has a long standing policy view on this — supports the repeal of DOMA and supports the repeal of ‘Don't Ask Don't Tell',” West said in response to a question from TPM.“Those are both congressional statues which require Congress to repeal them, they can't be undone by executive order,” West said. “The Department of Justice, notwithstanding the administration policy view which is strongly held by us, has an institutional responsibility to defend the constitutionality of congressional statutes, whether we agree with them or not,” West added.
The Civil Division of the Justice Department, which defends the laws passed by Congress, has worked with the Civil Rights Division's liaison to the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender community to make sure that future briefings don't advance arguments that they would find offensive. President Barack Obama told liberal bloggers recently that his views on gay marriage could evolve.
West said Monday that DOJ was discharging its responsibility to the tradition of the Justice Department while making adjustments to the arguments in line with the administration's views.
“I think that the best example — let me give you one — in the Defense of Marriage Act — you'll notice that we have not only discharged our responsibility to defend the constitutionality of a congressional statute, but we've done so in a way which reflects the policy values of this administration,” West said.
“We disavowed some arguments that we believed had no basis in fact, and in fact we presented the court through our briefs with information which seemed to undermine some of the previous rationales that have been used defense of that statute,” West added.
“We believe that's being an honest broker with the court, and that's the way we'll continue to discharge our responsibility,” West said.
[Ed note: Obama's meeting was with a group of liberal bloggers which included at least one gay blogger.]
To you, the term alt-right may be meaningless . That would probably be for the best.
But maybe you had the misfortune to see one of the “Hey, white person” posters that popped up in Toronto, prompting the city and police hate-crimes unit to get involved. Or there's a chance you heard the alt-right invoked by Hillary Clinton during the U.S. election campaign to put a name to the “fringe element” that has “effectively taken over the Republican Party.”
Perhaps the movement wears a face. It may conjure up an image of the president-elect's chief strategist, Stephen Bannon, who Bloomberg called the “most dangerous political operative in America” as early as October of last year. It could be Richard B. Spencer, credited with coining the term “alternative right,” whose cry of “Hail Trump!” at a rally last month was met with Nazi salutes. Or maybe it's just Pepe the Frog wearing an SS hat, a spirit animal for all the attention-seeking Internet man-children perpetually on the lookout for the next hot way to cause offence.
As much as I'd like to ignore the whole gaggle of them and their toxic ideas, I can't. Because for me, it wasn't some two-dimensional villain, some interchangeable kook who served as my introduction to this philosophy of white nationalism and medieval gender roles. It was my best friend.
When we were children, perhaps eight or nine, the guy I'll call Rob was a friend to me when no one else would be, when I was bullied and ostracized and alone. He was easygoing, loyal and a good listener – qualities I needed at the time. Even years later, when I found many more friends at school, he retained a special status among them.
After many an evening spent at his place, we would take the long way back through the neighbourhood in the dark, walking and talking about games and cartoons, and later, philosophy and current events. He loved to pontificate about the Western canon, Russian and Roman history, the workings of empires and economies.
Related:
The two of us grew up in stable, Protestant, nuclear families in a quiet suburb of Toronto. By any objective measure, we wanted for nothing. Our hometown was not a showcase of cultural diversity, by any means, but immigrants made up about a quarter of the population, slightly higher than the national average.
We lost touch in the late 2000s when we moved away for university. Rob took political science; I took journalism. Finally, a few years ago, we found the time to reconnect.
My heart sinks when I remember that day. At first it was the same as always: we sat in the basement of my family home, booted up a game to occupy our hands and embarked on another wondrously aimless conversation. Then, as if he had been holding the thought for some time, he revealed he had converted to Catholicism. I was surprised, certainly, but not yet alarmed. Gradually, as I teased out the reasons for this change of creed, he confided different, radical beliefs to me. He outlined his vision of racial segregation, of white nations for white people, black nations for blacks, and so on. Each new revelation left me more dumbfounded than the last.
Getty Images Stephen Bannon -- who played a central role in Trump's victorious campaign -- is on leave from his role as chairman of the Breitbart website, seen by critics as a haven for white supremacists.
I stumbled through the obvious counters to his arguments — his faulty logic based on bad science and fake news — but my mind was reeling, trying to reconcile this stranger with the kid I grew up with.
Hours passed. Night fell. I walked him home, watched him go up his front steps and close the door behind him. I haven't seen him since.
My nighttime trip back was silent and, suitably enough, I was in the dark. At the time, I rationalized what I heard as a childish exercise in contrarianism and a brand of deviance unique to him. I didn't know his beliefs belonged to the banner of something called the “alt-right.” I didn't know the extent of his delusions.
—
“We are in a death struggle, ladies and gentlemen. There's nowhere we can retreat to. This isn't giving up some far-off colony. The fight has been brought home. Our people are in danger of extinction, both cultural and racial.”
This is Rob today, speaking on YouTube just before the U.S. election. He had strong feelings.
“Hillary Clinton and her ilk funded ISIS, the most evil organization in human history, they do stuff like telling six-year-old kids they need to get a gender transplant, in Europe they're trying to extend euthanasia to minors, they're banning the words mother and father. These people are undermining all the things that have created these beautiful, functional societies that we live in. By any metric, secular or religious, they are an objective evil.”
YouTube is now my sole, clandestine connection to my former friend. After a time apart, curiosity and nostalgia led me to his channel, which he'd mentioned ages before but I'd never explored. Discovering these online musings was at once comforting, illuminating and repulsive. Among the same movie reviews he used to share on our moonlit walks are hateful diatribes and snide 20-second clips of black or gay people misbehaving. Under a pseudonym he rails against all manner of “dildos” and “degenerates.”
It's also where I learned much of what I know about the far right. The movement's tenets are vague, with some members spouting the kind of neo-Nazi and white-supremacist dreck that even Rob would reject, but his own views fall well within the limits of the alt-right label.
As he describes it, the core of the philosophy is an acknowledgement that people are not the same. Individuals are born with inherent strengths and weaknesses, natural talents and disabilities. Men and women have physical and mental differences that make them more suited for certain roles in life.
“Men have a creative and destructive spiritual nature,” he says in one video, “whereas women have a nurturing, maintaining nature.... Denying it makes women unhappy, it makes men unhappy.” Only the misguided or corrupt (feminists, for instance, or LGBTQ people) would subvert these roles.
Races, due to natural selection, differ in qualities such as strength, speed, average IQ and predilection to violence. Cultures of origin also leave a permanent mark. Intermingling leads to discord at best and cultural genocide at worst, and for that reason immigration and miscegenation are dire sins.
“Diversity, generally speaking, makes people miserable,” he says. “There's disengagement, despondency, alienation, all these things that come from diversity that is basically being forced upon us. It's not just about the genocide of any particular race, it's the cultural genocide of all peoples that will come from this blended one-world government, this one-world humanity.” The answer, he says, is a world of culturally and ethnically separate nations, a “diversity that doesn't feel the need to destroy diversity.” In this regard, Canada is perhaps the planet's greatest failure: “Once you enshrine tolerance and diversity as inherent goods, you open the door for tolerance and celebration of all sorts of things that are bad for society. If you're going to celebrate mixed marriages, why not celebrate gay marriage?﻿
The more I watched, the more I realized how little I knew the man I thought I understood top-to-bottom. I learned that, unbeknownst to me, he entered university already aligned against diversity, against gay marriage – though at the time he still considered himself a liberal in many ways. Yet, he claims his lefty classmates had no interest in equality or economic socialism. He says they admonished him for criticizing the worst abusers of human rights in Islamic and African nations, calling him a racist and a xenophobe.
“They didn't believe any of the things they claimed to believe in,” he recalls in an online memoir. “They weren't interested in the poor, they weren't interested in the working class; they were only interested in their navel-gazing and signalling how virtuous they are.”
It's a sentiment I think many millennials can relate to. I can remember being accused of ulterior, racist motives for attending a university seminar on Tamil issues. It was a harsh lesson on how costly it can be to engage with people assured of their moral and intellectual high ground. It's the reason University of Toronto professor Jordan Peterson became such a hero to the alt-right when he not only refused to use gender-neutral pronouns but also openly defied the students and administration ready to pillory him for his choice. It's sad irony to see Rob fall victim to the conservative version of the same delusions of self-righteousness.
AP Richard Spencer, who coined the phrase 'alt-right' gives interviews to media after participants at his Washington conference were seen giving Nazi salutes.
After finishing our studies, Rob and I both struggled to find work. He had it much harder: Rob has bipolar disorder and a learning disability affecting his writing and spatial perception, and I imagine many employers were blind to how intelligent he can be. (His disability, he says, is just another example of how people are born for certain roles and not for others.) But while I grew despondent over my personal failings, Rob nursed his bitterness for others. On his YouTube channel, I found monologue after monologue about why job-application forms were a farce, how the system was rigged.
“Most of us are young white males who are experiencing financial trouble because of the recession,” he says in a video on alt-right doctrine. “We're kind of the first generation to experience the effects of diversity. The baby boomers didn't grow up with Islamic terrorism, they didn't really grow up with affirmative action, they didn't grow up with the housing crisis. Where I live in Southern Ontario, mass immigration has made it so people of my generation can't really afford to buy houses or really start families. And feminism makes that very difficult too. We're kind of the first generation of males who can't really do what males are supposed to do. I think to a certain extent, you say, 'Well, you people are losers' – there's some truth to that but that doesn't mean there's not reasons for these things.”
By subscribing to Rob's videos, I've placed myself in the disconcerting company of accounts like “The Far Right Federation” and “White Atheist.” But it's where I need to be. I lack the nerve and to some extent the will to talk to Rob again, but it feels wrong to try to forget him. For well over a decade, we went through life's firsts together. He was familiar, a constant among change. This is the guy I thought would be my best man someday. Now he's gone, and it was my choice to cast him aside. Watching his videos lets me feel like he's still part of my life, and I get the occasional answer to persistent questions — where he is, what he's doing — even if that information is drenched in bile.
I often wonder whether Rob would be so vitriolic if he knew I was listening. Imagine my surprise when, during a screed on liberalism, he mentioned me: a lifelong friend who was all too quick to abandon him when he spoke his mind. Another typical liberal, unwilling to debate or challenge their own dogma.
While I imbibe quite the cocktail of sorrows when I listen to these videos, first among them is guilt. I have this feeling of paternalistic responsibility to “save” him from his madness, as though he isn't a perfectly intelligent adult capable of independent thought. It's the kind of condescension he would revile.
The urge is there, but I'm not convinced this is the type of battle than can be won through argument. If neither of us enters that arena willing to change our minds, then there's little to gain. I'm tempted to say it's fine for us to accept our incompatibility and say our goodbyes — I shudder to imagine how he might respond to my Tamil girlfriend — but is that not the same logic of “difference requires division” he's espousing?
—
Since the election of Donald Trump, I've heard a parade of politicians, pundits and talk-show hosts blame the surprising result on a culture of snap liberal condemnation.
“The left is responsible for this,” says a video rant, viewed more than 2.5 million times on YouTube, by the satirical lefty character Jonathan Pie. “Because the left has now decided that any other opinion, any other way of looking at the world is unacceptable. We don't debate anymore because the left won the cultural war. So if you're on the right you're a freak, you're racist, you're evil, you're stupid, you are a basket of deplorables.... That's why people wait until they're in the voting booth. No one's watching anymore. There's no blame or shame, and you can finally say what you really think.”
So, the argument goes, if we would only break bread with our estranged cousins, no matter how repulsive their views might be to us, we could hash it out and the West would not be in such turmoil.
It's a comforting thought, that the only thing preventing us from healing our rifts is pride. That harmony is within our grasp, if we have the will to take it. Then I think of every politician, from Barack Obama to Justin Trudeau to a hundred others, elected on a promise to bridge the partisan divide. Clearly, it's not so simple.
It's true, what Edmonton-based advocate Matt Edmonds said last month as he went about defacing alt-right posters : “Silence is just a form of agreement.” But, as hard as it is for a writer to admit, words hold no power over deaf ears and hardened hearts.
I see my own story, my own hand-wringing reflected in the collective crisis of conscience brought on by Trump's victory and the alt-right's day in the sun. I would like to cling to my romantic ideals about the power of open dialogue, that people will come out from behind their ideological bulwarks if they feel safe to do so. But my experience with Rob has made me seriously consider the idea that some issues, some people, are truly intractable. I fear for a world in which the easier course of action is not consensus but to somehow create enough jobs for everyone, to find both clean and cheap forms of energy, so we don't need to talk to each other at all.
More than 200 people gathered on Tuesday night at “The ‘Pen” beyond the center field fence of Safeco Field. It wasn't for a game, though the Mariners did fan a courtesy and snapped their five-game losing streak that night; instead, they were there for the first-ever Celebrating Women in Baseball Night.
Teams have been hosting “Girls Nights Out” for years, ever since a marketing executive realized that they were missing out on an opportunity to extort money from half of the population. These events typically consisted of a set price, which included a ticket, a drink voucher of some sort, and often a garishly colored accessory. There are hundreds of ways to be a fan, each as valid as the last, but for many women those “Girls Night Out” events felt patronizing and pedantic; as though their fandom was more flippant, and less serious.
The Mariners' Women in Baseball Night was meant to build off these other events which, “are aimed at attracting fans to the ballpark who might not otherwise buy a ticket … we wanted to do something geared toward female fans who would be interested in hearing from women working in baseball on their perspectives on the game,” said Meg Rowley, who helped organize and moderate the event.
The idea for the event has been percolating for a few years, ever since FanGraphs writer Jeff Sullivan emailed Mariners' Vice President of Marketing Kevin Martinez about organizing an event to highlight women working in baseball. Sullivan got Rowley involved and the three of them, along with the Mariners' Digital Marketing Coordinator Colin O'Keefe, worked to create the event. When news of the event first broke, there was overwhelming enthusiasm for it.
“The response to the event—before, during, and after—has been overwhelming,” O'Keefe said.
Ultimately, the team sold 220 tickets for the event, which put them at capacity for the designated space. For many, it was a can't-miss event.
Sierra Brown, a recent graduate of Washington State University and aspiring sports broadcaster, drove from Portland because, “nothing speaks more about an industry than the people within it, so it was a wonderful opportunity to hear and meet face-to-face with professionals that are living out their career.”
For baseball writer and Hardball Times Audio co-host Jen Mac Ramos, it was “a no-brainer to drive up from California. Being able to see a friend of mine moderate a panel made up of women I admire means a lot to me. Going to this panel made me realize even more that my goal of working in baseball one day is achievable.”
Avid Mariners' fan Tiffany Ruzicki was originally scheduled to fly back that evening at 7, but upon hearing about the event realized that this wasn't something she could miss.
“I'm not an aware of an event like this — an event where women who love sports are not only acknowledged but truly seen, and given the opportunity to tell their unique stories and highlight their skills — happening anywhere else in baseball, and it was something I felt compelled to support in every possible way,” Ruzicki said.
Tickets included a seat for the game, a drink voucher, and a T-shirt, but the highlight was the panel discussion with women working in baseball. We're fortunate, up in this corner of the Pacific Northwest, to have a number of phenomenal women writing about and working with our baseball team, and the panelists represented an impressive array of skills and specializations.
The discussion was moderated by Rowley, an award-winning baseball writer for Baseball Prospectus, and panelists included Shannon Drayer, a reporter and pregame show host for 710 ESPN in Seattle; Kelly Munro, the Mariners' senior manager of baseball Information; Amanda Hopkins, the Mariners' amateur scout for the four corners region; and Sarah Gelles, the Baltimore Orioles director of baseball analytics and Major League contracts. In addition to a wide range of specializations, there was also an impressive range of experience: Drayer has been working for 710 ESPN since the 1998 season, while Hopkins graduated from scout school and was hired by the Mariners in 2016.
Rowley began by having the panelists introduce themselves, then launched into a series of questions about how they each became involved in baseball, in a personal and professional capacity, as well as the responsibilities each undertake in their respective positions.
A common theme among the panelists was that they each were passionate about the game from an early age, but most didn't know they wanted to work in the industry. Hopkins, whose father was a scout, majored in psychology before turning toward the family business; Munro was planning to be a teacher, until a summer job as a sales associate for the team changed her mind; Drayer spent four years working in Starbucks, “talking sports with everyone who came in,” before winning a contest to host her own radio show and kickstarting a new career. Gelles was the only one recognized early on that she wanted to work in baseball, and she has an impressive résumé that demonstrates that early drive, with internships with MLB and the Pittsburgh Pirates prior to graduating from college.
The Streaks: Drysdale and Hershiser in Parallel by Shane Tourtellotte Two consecutive scoreless innings pitched streaks bound two hurlers together in history.
The panel concluded with a Q&A opportunity for the audience, with questions about how to encourage more women and girls to play the game of baseball and how to quantify leadership in scouting. One of the highlights was when an audience member asked about advice the panelists would give to women wanting to get involved in the baseball industry. Their answers were inspiring and valuable for any young girl or woman with a desire to work in baseball. The quotes themselves are perfect on their own, and so I've left them unembellished below.
Munro: “If there are doors that are open for you, go through them. And if the door is closed, knock. Keep knocking. And if it doesn't open, find a key. Whatever you have to do, if that's your dream and you love it, keep at it. Don't ever give up on your dreams.”
Hopkins: “For younger girls that want to get into baseball scouting, go to as many games as you possibly can. You can't replace being at the park and watching players play. Start writing little summaries, that's what I started doing, just strengths and weaknesses, stuff like that. Start putting your thoughts into words on paper and it's a good starting point.”
Gelles: “Keep an open mind as opportunities present themselves…when I got to the Orioles I felt like there was a gap in the analytics, and that wasn't something I had majored in in college, I took a few classes, but I felt that it was something I could teach myself enough to build out our internal database and start to build out the infrastructure that we needed. That wasn't necessarily the way I initially saw myself getting in the door, but it was something where I was able to fill a need for the club, and turn it into a job, and grow from there.”
Drayer: “All three of you have covered it beautifully: have a diversity in what you study, be dogged about it, learn how to write- that's very important. The only other thing that I would throw in there is know that those doors are open, and I don't think that a lot of girls know that they can…this [panel obviously proves that it's not just a matter of standing on the sidelines. There are a lot of different things that you can do with this game, and the doors are open.”
…
As I stood at the back of the crowd, overlooking men and women of all ages, I was overcome with an immense sense of pride and gratitude. So often women are in the minority at ballparks, but on this evening the Mariners organization not only acknowledged their female fans, they celebrated them and the women making valuable contributions to the baseball industry. One of the particularly special things about this event, and how the Mariners chose to market it, was that it was not tailored stereotypically towards women. The shirts were white, the drink vouchers included beer, cider, or wine, and there was no language in the announcement that targeted a specific gender. Regardless of how you identified yourself, you were welcome to come and “recognize women's contributions to the game.”
A number of Mariners' front office personnel were also in the crowd, including members of the baseball analytics, information, and sales departments, as well as Kevin Mather, the president and minority owner of the team. Their presence seemed to indicate hope for Gelles' much-cheered hope to someday see “front offices more representative of fan bases, and of society in general.”
I was also not alone in my pride.
“The stories I continue to hear from those who were there give me, and the Mariners, a lot of pride in making something like this happen,” O'Keefe said. “This wasn't just a normal panel, people were hooting and hollering at the stories and inspiration from our panelists. It's something we certainly plan to do again, and it's an event that will continue to evolve.”
References & Resources
An increasingly desperate Theresa May will try to shore up her flagging premiership with a raft of new policies aimed at young voters, as another cabinet minister refused to endorse her staying in office until the next election.
In an interview with the Observer on the eve of the Tory conference, which opens in Manchester on Sunday, communities secretary Sajid Javid declined to reply when asked if May should lead the Tories into the next election campaign.
Boris Johnson increases pressure on May with fresh Brexit intervention Read more
After a 40-minute discussion during which he lamented the way the last campaign had focused too much on Brexit and May herself, Javid laughed when asked the question, then stood up and declared: “I think we are out of time.”
Amid growing signs that cabinet discipline is breaking down and support for the prime minister is draining away, May will announce a series of policy changes in the hope of halting her party's potentially disastrous loss of support among voters under 45. These will include freezing tuition fees, which are due to rise with inflation from £9,250 in 2017-18 to about £9,500 in 2018-19, while ministers look again at the system.
She will also announce that the earnings threshold at which graduates start to pay off their loans will be increased from £21,000 to £25,000, and will go up in line with earnings after next year. That will mean a saving of about £360 in 2018-19 compared with this year for graduates earning at least £25,000.
There will also be more help offered to aspiring homeowners, and to renters. As well as a £10bn expansion of the Help to Buy loan scheme, Javid will announce that all private landlords will be required to join a redress system that allows tenants to complain and see those in breach sanctioned. Javid will also oblige letting agents be registered with a professional body and require them to meet a set of minimum standards.
In an eve-of-conference message, May said the policy announcements were “key parts of my plan to spread opportunity and build a better future for our country”. However, Conservatives will arrive in Manchester amid an air of gathering crisis not only over the prime minister's ability to cling to office but also over her loss of support, particularly among younger voters.
Play Video 0:43 Ken Clarke: 'Johnson would be sacked by now, normally' – video
Polling by Opinium for the Social Market Foundation published by the Observer shows that more than twice as many voters under the age of 45 now think Jeremy Corbyn's Labour party is “on their side” than believe the same about the Tories.
Commenting on the figures in an article on theguardian.com, Phillip Lee, a minister in the justice department, says the Tory party is now a “huge turn-off” for most younger people.
Also commenting on the party's problem with younger voters, Paul Masterson MP said his party had to make sure it didn't “get to the stage where it is seen as an analogue party in a digital age”.
He said: “If the party wants to win over young voters, it must become a dynamic force for modern, inclusive, open and – yes – liberal conservatism that speaks to their most basic of wants: the chance to buy their own home, a decent job, a safe environment for their families and a fair crack at fulfilling their potential.”
The foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, fuelled suspicion that he wants to replace May as leader when he used an interview in the Sun to make further provocative demands over Brexit, including an insistence that the transition period announced by the prime minister last “not a day longer” than two years.
Johnson's remarks appeared to break a cabinet agreement that the precise duration of transition be left open. The foreign secretary also appeared to suggest that there could be no role for the European court of justice during a transition period, which he knows Brussels will refuse to accept.
While May wants to focus the conference on her domestic agenda, it seemed increasingly likely on Saturday night that issues of leadership and Brexit would dominate. The Liberal Democrat leader, Vince Cable, will lead a mass anti-Brexit protest outside the conference.
Play Video 0:52 Guy Verhofstadt pokes fun at Theresa May over Brexit speech – video
Johnson's interventions have been met with a mixture of concern and withering contempt by key EU leaders even as the tone of the negotiations improved following May's speech in Florence. The German chancellor, Angela Merkel, is understood to be interested in the idea of a transition period but worried by the uncertainty in the UK over what is being sought, both in its length and its terms.
Matti Maasikas, the deputy prime minister of Estonia, which currently holds the rolling European council presidency, voiced the widely held belief that hopes of gaining the support of leave voters ahead of the scheduled 2022 UK general election were driving those seeking a two-year limit on the transition ending in 2021.
“Am I mistaken,” he asked, “if I say that so far these dates, the possible numbers on the duration, have more to do with British domestic considerations?”
The length of the transition period should, he added, be determined by how long it takes the UK to get its new systems of controls at the border ready, and by whether it remains “beneficial to the EU”.
Maasikas also insisted that those, including Brexit secretary David Davis and Johnson, who believe the UK would be outside of EU law and the remit of the European court of justice during that period would face a wholly united and opposed EU27.
“Should the single market arrangement be there, it is the whole package, with the acquis [EU law],” he said. “Preserving the integrity of the single market, this is one of the crown jewels of EU integration. I expect the EU to be very rigid about this.”
Asked whether the EU would open talks about a transition period at the European council summit later this month, as the UK hopes, Maasikas, said: “No.” He added, though, that it was up to the EU's chief negotiator to ask leaders for a mandate to do so.
(Reuters) - A federal judge in Mississippi has allowed to stand a new state law that permits people to deny wedding services to same-sex couples based on religious objections.
U.S. District Judge Carlton Reeves argued in his four-page order that since none of the lawsuit's plaintiffs would be harmed by the law in the immediate future, a preliminary injunction would be inappropriate.
“Here, none of the plaintiffs are at imminent risk of injury,” Reeves wrote.
The American Civil Liberties Union of Mississippi said the measure, set to take effect on July 1, unconstitutionally discriminates against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people.
The ACLU is suing on behalf of state residents Nykolas Alford and Stephen Thomas, a gay couple engaged to be married within the next three years, arguing the law violates their 14th Amendment rights. The ACLU is also suing on behalf of at least one of its members, who plans to marry a same-sex partner next year, the order said.
“We are reviewing the options and we will plan our next steps accordingly,” ACLU of Mississippi spokeswoman Zakiya Summers said on Monday.
Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant, a Republican, signed into law the wide-reaching measure in April, which supporters called necessary to protect businesses and individuals seeking to exercise their religious views.
Mississippi is among a handful of Southern U.S. states on the front lines of legal battles over equality, privacy and religious freedom.
In March, North Carolina became the first state to bar people from using restrooms based on gender identity versus sex at birth.
The far-reaching Mississippi law also clears the way for employers to cite religion in determining workplace policies on dress code, grooming and bathroom and locker access.
The ACLU has said the Mississippi law could affect people in sexual relationships outside of a heterosexual marriage. While the initial challenge is focused on the provisions pertaining to marriage, the organization said in a statement that it planned to fight the other provisions.
Roberta Kaplan, an attorney representing the Campaign for Southern Equality, which has also challenged the law, said the decision did not suggest the judge would not consider other arguments.
“The cases present completely different issues,” she said, noting the ACLU's is one of four pending legal challenges against the law.
The same judge heard arguments on Monday in one related case, and another hearing concerning two more related lawsuits is scheduled later this week.
A scarf and bottle opener, blazing the name of the Portland Timbers. (Perfect, since I've done more of being cold and drinking beer than anything else over the holidays).
They are awesome, and very oddly appropriate.
Believe it or not, I very nearly bought a Portland Timbers football top a year or two ago, although there's no way my Secret Santa could have known that.
I've never ever been to Oregon (or anywhere in the US), and I don't think I've ever met anyone from Portland, but for years, completely unintentionally, I keep finding the city and its state in the books I read, films I watch, and Music I listen to. Two examples which spring to mind are The Postman by David Brin (forget that the pisspot of a film ever happened) and Lean on Pete by Willy Vlautin. These are undoubtedly two of my favourite books of all time, and both describe the City of Roses and surrounding areas and counties with great detail and beauty.
I've always wanted to visit OR, the variety of geography and scenenry, the cities, the coast, the climate, and Portland especially. One day I'll make it over, and when I step off the plane, I'll be wearing my Portland Timbers scarf.
Besides of all that, the Timbers Army includes among its songs You Are My Sunshine, Can't Help Falling In Love With You, and oh so awesomely, the Tetris theme tune. I'm not sure our teams over here in the UK can even begin to compete with that level of musical taste and coolness.
Thanks Santa! Go Timbers!
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Sanders Defiant in Face of Criticism From Democratic Establishment 2:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The 25-year-marriage of convenience between Bernie Sanders and the Democratic Party is on the rocks, as the Vermont independent senator is threatening to take his millions of supporters with him in the separation.
Sanders has made it clear he will his lead his army of committed activists into battle against presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, but that doesn't mean he'll do it under the Democratic Party's banner. That should give Democrats reason to worry about the long term implications of his political revolution on their party.
This week, Sanders supporters booed his mention of the Democratic Party at a rally in California, whiles the party's chairwoman accused the senator of “excus[ing]” death threats made by his fans against another party leader.
Amid the tension Tuesday night, Sanders' policy director announced on Twitter that he had donated money to DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz' congressional primary opponent. “[A]fter tonight, it's way too late for establishment politics,” he explained.
Related: Bernie Sanders Wins in Oregon, But He Needed Kentucky, Too
As the controversy over a raucous state convention in Nevada stretched into its fourth day, Democrats across the country are increasingly worried about about a tumultuous national convention in July and a lasting fissure in the party.
"We have a multi-faceted, multi-layered concern," said New Hampshire Democratic Party Chairman Ray Buckley, shortly after landing in Philadelphia for a meeting of state party chairs, at which the Nevada convention chaos is sure to come up.
Buckley was there when Sanders officially became a Democrat in November. The chairman personally accompanied Sanders to the secretary of state's office to make sure the independent senator had no issue getting on the Democratic ballot in the first-in-the nation primary state.
While Buckley said he's confident the issue can be resolved ahead of the National Convention in Philadelphia with greater education of the process to Sanders supporters, he acknowledged that the potential for trouble is unusually high.
"This is my ninth convention and I've never even had to contemplate" ejecting disruptive delegates from the convention, Buckley said. "I've never even witnessed that kind of thing. We are entering an entirely new level of discussion and preparation."
Related: Bernie Sanders Remains Defiant After Nevada Convention Chaos
Meanwhile, Sanders supporters increasingly view the institutional Democratic Party as conspiring against them.
"When you lose a fair fight, then you're sad and disappointed. When you lose rigged fight, then you're angry and you hit the streets," said Charles Chamberlain, the executive director of the liberal group Democracy for America, which supports Sanders.
Even if party agrees to Sanders supporters' pre-convention demands, which include greater representation on the committees that write the party's platform and rules, there may still be trouble.
"I think a little bit of disruption is exciting. That's democracy," Chamberlain said. "The reality is without that, all you have is boring parliamentary procedure and everyone falls asleep. So I think it's exciting and it's actually healthy."
Still, Chamberlain said concerns about an unbreachable rift are overblown, and that the party will heal, just like it does after every contentious primary. “We'll see the democratic establishment and the political revolution working together to defeat the Republican billionaire bigot in November,” he said, referring to Trump.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Sanders Takes On Democratic Establishment 12:59 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Presidential primaries are always contentious. The 2016 Democratic primary probably doesn't rank anywhere near the top in terms of vitriol. Typically, primaries end with the losing candidate and their supporters falling in line to be a good partisan soldier in the end. The vast majority of Sanders supporters, who are liberal Democrats, will come into the fold this year, as well.
The difference, however, is that Sanders and many of his hardest-core revolutionaries are not loyal to the Democratic Party.
“Generally, there's so-called unity because the candidates are not really that far apart. This time, there's a fundamental difference,” said Jonathan Tasini, who ran unsuccessful primary challenge against then-Sen. Hillary Clinton in 2006. He now supports Sanders. “While people seem to think it's just a slogan, there is really a political revolution going on and this revolt is not going to stop after this election.”
After all, Sanders' first successful political campaign came at expense of the incumbent Democratic mayor of Burlington, Vermont, whom he unseated in 1980. Democrats on the city council vociferously opposed the new mayor's agenda, until his allies defeated many of them, too.
Tensions were so high between Sanders and Vermont Democrats that when in 1984 he attended “a formal Democratic Party function for the first and last time time in my life,” a woman slapped him across his face, he wrote to his autobiography.
Sanders continued running against Democrats until 1988, when he came in second in a three-way congressional race ahead of the Democrat. Two years later, he and the party struck a truce. Democrats cleared the way for him to win a congressional seat, and later one in the Senate, where he caucuses with and votes with the party to this day.
But that relationship seems to be fraying now amid acrimony over process concerns, which have sometimes eclipsed Sanders' policy agenda.
On Tuesday night, after splitting the Kentucky and Oregon primaries with Clinton, Sanders said the party had to meet his demands, not the other way around.
“The Democratic Party is going to have to make a very, very profound and important decision. It can do the right thing and open its doors,” he said. “Or, the other option, the other for the Democratic Party which I see as a very sad and tragic option is to, is to choose to maintain its status quo structure, remain dependent on big money campaign contributions and be a party with limited participation and limited energy."
Many of Sanders strongest supporters come from outside the ranks of registered Democrats, which explains why, until Tuesday night, he had only won primaries that allow independent voters to participate.
Sanders brought many of these people into the Democratic political process, but the concern is that he will help push them out if they're led to believe the party is a hopelessly corrupt machine.
Even if the so-called “Bernie or Bust” voters hold their nose and vote for Clinton to stop Trump in November, it may be harder to make them the kind of reliable Democratic voters the party needs to help elect its candidates at every level, up and down the ballot, in every election.
The latest flare up came after Sanders supporters disrupted the Nevada Democratic Party Convention Saturday, threatened the state party chair, and vandalized the party's headquarters. The party accused the Sanders campaign of having a “penchant for extra-parliamentary behavior — indeed, actual violence” and called on him to strongly speak out against it.
Sanders issued a statement Tuesday that condemned “any and all forms of violence,” but Democrats say that wasn't enough, noting it was not specifically addressed to his supporters and was buried with a caveat in the third paragraph of an otherwise defiant statement.
Wasserman Schultz told MSNBC that the statement “seems to excuse their supporters' actions, which is unacceptable.” The Nevada Democratic Party added that Sanders is “failing to adequately denounce the threats of violence of his supporters.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Democratic Disunity Through History 5:44 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, who said he had a good conversation with Sanders about the convention, told reporters he was “surprised” and disappointed by Sanders' “silly” response.
"Bernie is better than that. He should say something about this, not have some statement someone else prepared for him," Reid said.
Reid's comment about "someone else" reflects the view of many Democrats, generally expressed only privately, that Sanders is being led astray by his campaign manager, who seems to constantly want to escalate fights with the party.
Sen. Barbara Boxer, a Clinton supporter who was booed at the Nevada convention, spoke with Sanders Tuesday night to explain what happened, in part because she was concerned the information was not getting to him, according to a source.
Democrats are baffled as to why Sanders has been reluctant to speak out more forcefully against his supporters' actions.
Some Sanders surrogates doubted the death threats against the Nevada party chair actually came from Sanders supporters, despite the evidence.
Two months ago, when Trump rallies turned violent, Sanders called on the candidate to be “loud and clear and tell his supporters that violence at rallies is not what America is about, and to end it.”
"No one in America should ever fear for their safety at a political rally," Sanders said in a statement. "Mr. Trump should take responsibility for addressing his supporters' violent actions."
This article first appeared on MSNBC
Tyrese Gibson's week just got a whole lot better. The child abuse case he was involved in has been dropped. His ex-wife was seeking a permanent restraining order after he allegedly beat the little girl.
Gibson's rep has confirmed that the investigation by child services has been closed and he will not face any criminal charges.
There's more. Tyrese and Dwayne Johnson seemed to have mended fences as well after their very public feud. Things were so bad between the two that at one point Tyrese threated to leave the Fast and Furious franchise if Johnson was going to be the ninth movie.
Tyrese says he had a “heart to heart” with one of Johnson's associates, apparently, it went well.
— Tyrese wants you to know he's not going crazy —
Imagine for a moment the outrage that would (rightfully) erupt if a mainstream publication wrote an indictment of an entire sect of Islam, while getting basic facts like the name of the sect wrong, and hit publish the night before Ramadan began. Or the outrage that would (rightfully) erupt if Breitbart or an alt-right site published the same about Jews. The latter did happen over the weekend, only it wasn't Breitbart writing a diatribe against a secret web of shadowy Jews, but instead, Politico Magazine.
This is, unfortunately, becoming a bit of a tradition at the publication. On the eve of another major Jewish holiday, Rosh Hashanah, Politico published a piece accusing politically conservative Jews of remaining silent on Donald Trump's ascension. Because of the rules regarding work and technology on major Jewish holidays, many Jewish writers and publications were unable to respond to the smear in a timely manner, although Tablet Magazine's Yair Rosenberg took the time to do so, pointing out for both the writer and editor of the publication just how Jew-y the anti-Trump camp of the conservative movement was and is.
Now Politico is accusing Jews of the opposite: working in a secretive, highly-funded conspiracy to put Trump and Russia's Vladimir Putin in power, and keep them there. Or something. Truthfully, I didn't really understand the crux of the piece, despite reading it several times.
Where You See Conspiracy, We See Charity
Politico took great pains to tie the Chabad movement to Putin, and in so doing, omits a few fairly crucial points that could have been fleshed out by actually speaking with a representative of the movement (this guy might have been a good person to start with). While there are outposts of the movement in Russia, there also exist outposts everywhere else in the world. Their emissaries, called schulchim, are technically titled “messengers” because they talk to anyone, anywhere, in an attempt to spread Judaism to Jews in far-flung corners of the Earth.
Chabad's history in the former USSR is filled with persecution, arrest, and exile. To survive anywhere, but especially in a land as hostile to Jews as Russia is, it's no wonder the group has worked hard to remain in the government's good graces.
Blind to the blatant anti-Semitic tropes it trotted out, Politico then paints the movement as a large, rich, tightly woven organization, a depiction straight out of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion. In reality, individual Chabad houses, which start with seed money from headquarters, are soon expected to be self-sufficient through fundraising and operate as franchises, not as branches of the Brooklyn headquarters. (Disclosure: This is why I am a nominal monthly donor to the Chabad of Cambodia, which provides essential services to Jewish residents and visitors to the country, from free holiday and Sabbath meals to burials to weddings.)
Like many other Modern Orthodox Jews, the Kushner family are involved in the movement because of its inclusive nature and contagious positivity regarding doing mitzvahs (good deeds) and serving God in a Jewish context. The connections it forms between Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared and the movement are basically that they, like most other religious Jews, have donated to those involved in the movement and have friends within it.
The Kushners now attend the Chabad synagogue in their new home of Washington DC. This could be seen as part of a giant conspiracy, or it could be that they reject the other two other Orthodox options downtown: Kesher Israel, which was between rabbis at the time of the Kushner's move and still recovering from a major scandal; and Ohev Shalom, whose rabbi publicly denounced Ivanka's father both by screaming at him from the crowd at AIPAC in 2016 and after in the pages of the Washington Post, calling the current president “wicked.” With those pieces of information, the Kushners' decision to attend the local Chabad synagogue upon moving to Washington becomes a bit less salacious.
The Alt-Right Is So Powerful It's Infiltrated Politico
To their credit, even on the eve of what is the biggest and most labor-intensive holiday on the Jewish calendar, the social media team at Chabad's headquarters in Brooklyn are taking the hit job in stride, tweeting missives like:
Do you yearn for deep state connections to global world leaders? Want to learn how slide into Putin's DMs?
Join our Passover Seder! — Mordechai Lightstone (@Mottel) April 9, 2017
Several hours after the piece was published, the attached text header and photo were quietly edited to seem just a tad less anti-Semitic, replacing a photo of Jews in the shadows with that of Putin. Considering the hypersensitivity of the media to anti-Semitism in the age of Trump, it's remarkable just how much they are willing to dabble in it themselves to form a connection, no matter how tenuous, between Trump and Putin. Simple fact-checking like the name of the movement itself was omitted, with tweets and the first published drafts of the piece referring to the group as “The Chabad” (which would be as ridiculous as saying The Catholic or The Protestant).
We've spent the better part of the last year being warned about the dangers of the rise of the alt-right. Even I doubted the power the alt-right apparently wields, which apparently includes the ability to convince a mainstream American publication to publish 4,000 words of anti-Semitic garbage on the eve of a major Jewish holiday. Can they silence the rest of the mainstream media, which reports breathlessly on every headline related to Jews at Breitbart?
With most American Jews signing offline for the next few days in celebration of our freedom from bondage in Egypt, it's up to the non-Jews working in media to pick up the slack on renouncing this article for what it is. (Before you ask, Politico: Yes, The Jews let a few of The Catholic and The Secular work in media too.)
Founding legends are a specialty of Silicon Valley, and none is more appealing than that of Cisco Systems: i/In the 1980s a young Stanford University couple invent the multiprotocol router and starts Cisco in their living room, using their own credit cards for financing.
But the Cisco legend is incomplete. It omits many people who helped develop the multiprotocol router, a device critical to the early Internet. It omits a battle with Stanford that almost killed Cisco at birth over charges that the founders used technology that belonged to Stanford to start their business.
Perhaps most important, legends like Cisco's obscure the true collective nature of the innovation that built Silicon Valley long before the hype and froth of the Internet bubble. A good idea is followed by hundreds of major and minor improvements; the entrepreneur in the group forms a company around the idea, and makes still more improvements.
``One can't define who did what, because it was pretty much of a cooperative effort,'' said Nick Veizades, one of many Stanford staff members who worked on the router. ``People tried to improve certain things so they worked better, and in this way they propagated.''
But Silicon Valley legends are hard to kill. Even a Stanford Web site still credits Bosack and Lerner with developing the device ``that allowed computer networks to talk intelligently to one another'' in a description of a Cisco-endowed professorship.
Pieces of the full story have slowly emerged, beginning with an exchange of Web postings that followed a 1998 PBS documentary, ``Nerds 2.0.1,'' that gave Bosack and Lerner sole credit. Since then, several books have tried to unravel the true story. Cisco spokeswoman Jeanette Gibson now says: ``Obviously it was a team of people.'' Lerner also acknowledges the many contributors, saying in an e-mail to the Mercury News, ``The only person I'm certain had nothing to do with it is Al Gore.''
Yet the legend lives on, retold again and again.
TANGLED HISTORY
Work for university winds up at Cisco
Cisco was to become one of the nation's fastest growing companies by providing the networking equipment that connected the Internet. But its early history was bound up with the networking of the Stanford campus. That began informally in 1980-81 after the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center gave Stanford some of its Alto workstations and Ethernet networking boards.
The Alto was far in advance of other workstations (it would soon show Apple the way to the Macintosh), but it was the Ethernet technology that inspired Stanford staffers.
In a warren of offices under Margaret Jacks Hall and the Stanford Quad that one veteran described as ``straight out of the Hobbit,'' staff members and graduate students developed the technology to link the computer systems in Stanford's schools and departments so they could all talk to one another.
Their crowning creation was a small box that functioned as a multiprotocol router, so named because it enabled computers of varied make, with different protocols, to communicate and to access the early Internet. They called it the ``Blue Box'' for the color of its case. Inside was a collection of parts that reflected the genius of the basement beneath Margaret Jacks Hall and several other departments on campus.
The box evolved from a request by Ralph Gorin, director of computer facilities from 1979 to 1983, for a ``network extension cord,'' something that could increase the distance between networked computers. ``And it evolved,'' Gorin recalled. ``I wanted an extension cord; they gave me a multiple outlet strip.''
The box's computer board was one that a graduate student, Andy Bechtolsheim, had designed for a network workstation for engineers (he went on to found Sun Microsystems). The box contained networking boards developed by several staff members and graduate students, including Bosack.
The box's software -- a crucial component -- was written at Stanford's medical school by William Yeager, a staff research engineer.
Yeager had already written a small routing program to connect computers at the medical center with those in the computer science department. That multiprotocol network linked Alto workstations, mainframes, mini-computers and printers.
Now he was assigned to write an enhanced version for the Blue Box. The result was a program that could route several protocols including the burgeoning Internet protocol, permitting data to be exchanged among workstations, mainframe terminals, printers and servers.
The router running Yeager's software became the standard at Stanford, with about two dozen Blue Boxes scattered across campus. There was growing demand for more, from not only Stanford but other universities. The staff struggled to keep up with demand.
In 1985, Stanford undertook a more formal project to network the campus. It was to use only the new Internet protocol. That spring, Yeager recalls, two support staff members, Bosack and Kirk Lougheed, asked him for his original program so they could modify it for the new system. Bosack and Lougheed removed its ability to route non-Internet protocols, keeping its network operating system and related features and improving its Internet capabilities. Later, they added back other protocols.
Yeager said he didn't know that Bosack had recently incorporated Cisco and asked Stanford for permission to sell the Blue Box commercially. He had been denied.
Yeager, looking back, says that Bosack and Lougheed were refining the product that Cisco ultimately sold. ``They did this on Stanford time, and thus, debugged what were to be Cisco routers,'' he said.
Despite Stanford's ``no,'' by late 1985 Bosack and his wife, Lerner, were assembling routers in their living room in Atherton. According to former and current Stanford support-staff members, their design was strikingly similar to an updated Blue Box that had been sketched out in Margaret Jacks Hall during a networking group meeting.
``There was no difference'' between the Stanford router and the Cisco router, said Nick Veizades, who worked with Yeager at the medical center. ``The software changed a little bit, but not very much.''
Yet at the time, Veizades recalls, he thought Bosack's plan to sell routers was quixotic at best. ``We thought he was out of his cotton-pickin' mind to start Cisco,'' he said. ``We didn't think it was going to fly whatsoever. Those are the early things of the Internet.''
But Cisco was selling software and the hardware to run it on, something like a personal computer, that people were comfortable paying for. ``Cisco cleverly sold software that plugged into the wall, had a fan and got warm,'' Gorin said. ``People had a long history of buying things that plugged into the wall, made noises and got warm.''
By then, many improvements had been made to Yeager's software. ``The real value of the Yeager software was the basic operating system,'' Lougheed wrote years later. ``It wasn't particularly sophisticated, but it was quite usable and served as an excellent starting point.''
Yeager has watched with some unhappiness as newspapers and magazines, echoing one another, ignored his contributions and credited all the work to Bosack and Lerner.
TUG OF WAR
School, staff fight over ownership
Earnest investigated and says he found that Bosack, in Cisco's name, had sold Xerox some networking boards made at Stanford expense and nine months later hadn't repaid Stanford. Bosack denied doing anything wrong, Earnest said, but by that May, he had ``enough evidence of misconduct'' to go to the dean's office. Eventually, Bosack was asked to decide whether to work at Stanford or Cisco.
Coincidentally, in the electrical engineering department, Lougheed, who had worked with Bosack on Yeager's routing software, was confronted by his boss, Steve Hansen. Hansen demanded that Lougheed return tape copies of his work on the software, saying they belonged to Stanford as ``work for hire.''
Hansen, who now is Stanford's computer security officer, says he told Lougheed to return the tapes or resign.
On July 11, Bosack and Lougheed resigned. They were joined at Cisco by three others from Stanford: Lerner, who had left Stanford long before, Greg Satz, a programmer, and Richard Troiano, who handled Cisco sales.
Bosack declined to comment for this article. Gorin, who hired him for Stanford's computer support staff and who now works for a Bosack company, said Bosack isn't interested in commenting on the Cisco story ever again.
``For Len this is ancient history, and he sees no particular reason to rehash it,'' he said.
In a book based on the PBS series ``Nerds 2.0.1,'' Sandy Lerner commented that Stanford was holding the technology ``hostage, and that's why we started the company.''
A tug of war began between Stanford's networking group and Cisco.
Cisco viewed the code that Hansen wanted as a descendant of Lougheed's work, rather than Yeager's. Looking back, Hansen acknowledges that ``software was this funny thing'' in the mid-'80s.
``Nobody understood it, that it had real value,'' Hansen said. ``It was, `I put a lot of time in on it, I worked evenings and nights.' I'm sure he felt that with all these enhancements, it was really his.''
The two sides also battled over artwork, called photomasks, used to make their almost identical networking boards. At the job shop that made the computer science department's boards, its photomasks would turn up in folders marked Cisco, according to Earnest, Veizades and a third staff member.
``They put `cisco' labels on the artwork as if it were theirs,'' Earnest said. ``Then we swiped it back.''
But Cisco had to come to terms with Stanford, because Bosack, Lougheed and the others had worked on the router as Stanford employees; at least some of their work did belong to the university.
``Cisco was trying really hard to find a way to get a license that would make them credible to buyers,'' said Bill Yundt, who supervised the 1985 networking project. ``Without it, they would have been dead. Everybody in the world who knew anything, knew this stuff had been done at Stanford.''
Yeager said Stanford's lawyers asked him to review a copy of Cisco's software. He found his own work in it.
Stanford officials in charge of licensing debated what to do. ``Cisco mess'' was the heading of one e-mail discussing the issue.
Earnest urged a lawsuit and even raised the idea of criminal charges against Bosack. He e-mailed colleagues: ``The fundamental problem is: how do you negotiate an equitable agreement with crooks?''
Yundt favored licensing the technology to Cisco, collecting royalties and buying some of its routers. ``It was debatable in the first place whether any wrongdoing had been committed,'' he said.
In the end, that's what was done. Stanford, as a non-profit, couldn't legally get into the router business, and didn't want to -- even if it did own the software.
``A university is not supposed to be in the manufacturing business,'' Gorin said, and ``a lot of people saw the advent of Cisco as a godsend.''
The head of the technology licensing office, Niels J. Reimers, outlined Stanford's alternatives and explained its decision in a March 1987 e-mail: ``1. Do nothing. 2. Go to court. 3. Try to make the best of a bad situation. None of the three are palatable; the first isn't even digestible. The second may make us feel good but would accomplish little else. So that left us with the third course of action.''
On April 15, 1987, Stanford licensed the router software and two computer boards to Cisco; the agreement allowed Stanford to use several of Cisco's groundbreaking software improvements made after Cisco's founders had left Stanford.
For the software, Cisco gave Stanford $19,300 in cash and agreed to royalties of $150,000 and product discounts. Yeager apportioned the royalties, giving his 80 percent share to his department.
Stanford was offered equity in Cisco, but the licensing office turned it down as a matter of policy.
Earnest said the irregular transactions he investigated, which he figured were worth more than $50,000, were settled later by Cisco for $7,000 in cash and two routers valued at $4,000 each. No charges or lawsuit were filed.
Lerner, who left Cisco with Bosack in 1990, said she feels uncomfortable discussing details of the negotiations. The lawsuit ``was only a threat,'' she said. ``The result was that Stanford got some money, as well as Cisco maintaining their Internet for three years. Good deal all round.''
But as negotiations drew to a close, the intense feelings of several people who had helped develop the router were summed up by Yeager's former boss, Tom Rindfleisch. ``There is so much evidence of concealment, bad faith, or worse on the part of some Cisco principals,'' he wrote to his colleagues, ``that we should not count on preserving a long-term working relationship.
``I fear the Cisco experience has done unseen damage to Stanford in the form of creating inhibitions against sharing ideas, information and developments with possible commercial value among our groups which have need to benefit from each other's work,'' he concluded.
INDEBTED
Company, school try to mend rift
In 1995, Morgridge gave a talk at the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center in which he ran through the origins of the company, relying heavily on the legend of Bosack and Lerner's role. In the back, a man stood and declared Morgridge's account ``almost entirely a fabrication.'' It was Les Earnest. He added, ``Bosack's resignation was not entirely voluntary.''
``We have been remorseful,'' said Morgridge, drawing a laugh from the audience. ``We know that we owe a considerable debt to that institution.''
In this post i will show you, how you can host an existing Preview Handler in your Delphi VCL App. Preview handlers are a lightweight and read-only preview of a file contents that are bound to a preview pane window of the explorer or a another window, all this is done without launching the file's associated application.
The Preview Handlers was introduced in Windows Vista and are used mainly by the Windows Explorer and other applications like MS Outlook. Hosting an existing preview handler in your application will be able to display a preview of most major office document formats, media files, CAD files and so on.
To host a preview handler, first we need to find the CLSID of the preview associated to a file extension, this info is located in the Windows registry, the default value of the {8895b1c6-b41f-4c1c-a562-0d564250836f} subkey is the class identifier (CLSID) of the handler. An example of the extfile ProgID subkey is shown here, associating a handler of CLSID {11111111-2222-3333-4444-555555555555}.
HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT extfile shellex {8895b1c6-b41f-4c1c-a562-0d564250836f} (Default) = [REG_SZ] {11111111-2222-3333-4444-555555555555}
So you can write a method like this to get the CLSID of the preview handler associated to a file.
function GetPreviewHandlerCLSID(const AFileName: string): string; var LRegistry: TRegistry; LKey: String; begin LRegistry := TRegistry.Create(); try LRegistry.RootKey := HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT; LKey := ExtractFileExt(AFileName) + '\shellex\{8895b1c6-b41f-4c1c-a562-0d564250836f}'; if LRegistry.KeyExists(LKey) then begin LRegistry.OpenKeyReadOnly(LKey); Result:=LRegistry.ReadString(''); LRegistry.CloseKey; end else Result := ''; finally LRegistry.Free; end; end;
Now with the proper CLSID we can create an instance the IPreviewHandler interface
var FPreviewHandler : IPreviewHandler; begin ... ... FPreviewHandler := CreateComObject(LPreviewGUID) As IPreviewHandler;
The next step is determine how the preview handler was implemented using a IInitializeWithStream.Initialize, IInitializeWithFile, or IInitializeWithItem interface and then call the proper Initialize method.
if FPreviewHandler.QueryInterface(IInitializeWithFile, LInitializeWithFile) = S_OK then LInitializeWithFile.Initialize(StringToOleStr(FFileName), STGM_READ) else if FPreviewHandler.QueryInterface(IInitializeWithStream, LInitializeWithStream) = S_OK then begin LFileStream := TFileStream.Create(FFileName, fmOpenRead); LIStream := TStreamAdapter.Create(LFileStream, soOwned) as IStream; LInitializeWithStream.Initialize(LIStream, STGM_READ); end else if FPreviewHandler.QueryInterface(IInitializeWithItem, LInitializeWithItem) = S_OK then begin SHCreateItemFromParsingName(PChar(FileName), nil, StringToGUID(GUID_ISHELLITEM), LShellItem); LInitializeWithItem.Initialize(LShellItem, 0); end;
Finally we need to call the SetWindow (passing the proper host window handle and TRect) and the DoPreview methods of the IPreviewHandler interface.
I encapsulate all the above code in a component called THostPreviewHandler and this is the source code.
{**************************************************************************************************} { } { Unit uHostPreview } { component for host preview handlers } { } { The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License Version 1.1 (the "License"); } { you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the } { License at http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/ } { } { Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF } { ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing rights } { and limitations under the License. } { } { The Original Code is uHostPreview.pas. } { } { The Initial Developer of the Original Code is Rodrigo Ruz V. Copyright (C) 2013. } { All Rights Reserved. } { } {**************************************************************************************************} unit uHostPreview; interface uses ShlObj, Classes, Messages, Controls; type THostPreviewHandler = class(TCustomControl) private FFileStream : TFileStream; FPreviewGUIDStr : string; FFileName: string; FLoaded :Boolean; FPreviewHandler : IPreviewHandler; procedure SetFileName(const Value: string); procedure LoadPreviewHandler; procedure WMSize(var Message: TWMSize); message WM_SIZE; protected procedure Paint; override; public property FileName: string read FFileName write SetFileName; constructor Create(AOwner: TComponent); override; destructor Destroy; override; end; implementation uses SysUtils, Windows, Graphics, ComObj, ActiveX, Registry, PropSys; constructor THostPreviewHandler.Create(AOwner: TComponent); begin inherited Create(AOwner); FPreviewHandler:=nil; FPreviewGUIDStr:=''; FFileStream:=nil; end; procedure THostPreviewHandler.Paint; const Msg = 'No preview available.'; var lpRect: TRect; begin if (FPreviewGUIDStr<>'') and (FPreviewHandler<>nil) and not FLoaded then begin FLoaded:=True; FPreviewHandler.DoPreview; FPreviewHandler.SetFocus; end else if FPreviewGUIDStr='' then begin lpRect:=Rect(0, 0, Self.Width, Self.Height); Canvas.Brush.Style :=bsClear; Canvas.Font.Color :=clWindowText; DrawText(Canvas.Handle, PChar(Msg) ,Length(Msg), lpRect, DT_VCENTER or DT_CENTER or DT_SINGLELINE); end; end; destructor THostPreviewHandler.Destroy; begin if (FPreviewHandler<>nil) then FPreviewHandler.Unload; if FFileStream<>nil then FFileStream.Free; inherited; end; function GetPreviewHandlerCLSID(const AFileName: string): string; var LRegistry: TRegistry; LKey: String; begin LRegistry := TRegistry.Create(); try LRegistry.RootKey := HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT; LKey := ExtractFileExt(AFileName) + '\shellex\{8895b1c6-b41f-4c1c-a562-0d564250836f}'; if LRegistry.KeyExists(LKey) then begin LRegistry.OpenKeyReadOnly(LKey); Result:=LRegistry.ReadString(''); LRegistry.CloseKey; end else Result := ''; finally LRegistry.Free; end; end; procedure THostPreviewHandler.LoadPreviewHandler; const GUID_ISHELLITEM = '{43826d1e-e718-42ee-bc55-a1e261c37bfe}'; var prc : TRect; LPreviewGUID : TGUID; LInitializeWithFile : IInitializeWithFile; LInitializeWithStream : IInitializeWithStream; LInitializeWithItem : IInitializeWithItem; LIStream : IStream; LShellItem : IShellItem; begin FLoaded:=False; FPreviewGUIDStr:=GetPreviewHandlerCLSID(FFileName); if FPreviewGUIDStr='' then exit; if FFileStream<>nil then FFileStream.Free; LPreviewGUID:= StringToGUID(FPreviewGUIDStr); FPreviewHandler := CreateComObject(LPreviewGUID) As IPreviewHandler; if (FPreviewHandler = nil) then exit; if FPreviewHandler.QueryInterface(IInitializeWithFile, LInitializeWithFile) = S_OK then LInitializeWithFile.Initialize(StringToOleStr(FFileName), STGM_READ) else if FPreviewHandler.QueryInterface(IInitializeWithStream, LInitializeWithStream) = S_OK then begin FFileStream := TFileStream.Create(FFileName, fmOpenRead or fmShareDenyNone); LIStream := TStreamAdapter.Create(FFileStream, soOwned) as IStream; LInitializeWithStream.Initialize(LIStream, STGM_READ); end else if FPreviewHandler.QueryInterface(IInitializeWithItem, LInitializeWithItem) = S_OK then begin SHCreateItemFromParsingName(PChar(FileName), nil, StringToGUID(GUID_ISHELLITEM), LShellItem); LInitializeWithItem.Initialize(LShellItem, 0); end else begin FPreviewHandler.Unload; FPreviewHandler:=nil; exit; end; prc := ClientRect; FPreviewHandler.SetWindow(Self.Handle, prc); end; procedure THostPreviewHandler.SetFileName(const Value: string); begin FFileName := Value; HandleNeeded; LoadPreviewHandler; end; procedure THostPreviewHandler.WMSize(var Message: TWMSize); var prc : TRect; begin inherited; if FPreviewHandler<>nil then begin prc := ClientRect; FPreviewHandler.SetRect(prc); end; end; end.
And you can use it in this way
FPreview := THostPreviewHandler.Create(Self); FPreview.Top := 0; FPreview.Left := 0; FPreview.Width := Panel1.ClientWidth; FPreview.Height := Panel1.ClientHeight; FPreview.Parent := Panel1; FPreview.Align := alClient; FPreview.FileName:=FileName;
This is a sample image of a preview handler hosted in a VCL Application.
Check the source code on Github.
-33.636934 -70.679350
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Reddit
Pocket
Google
Twitter
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Winnipeg
More than 400 passengers booked on domestic flights were delayed for about an hour at the Winnipeg airport on Saturday afternoon due to a “security breach,” Winnipeg Airports Authority spokesperson Breanne Talbot said.
Because that breach was discovered in the holding area, those passengers were evacuated so that airport security personnel could conduct a sweep.
“As far as a breach goes, it was minor,” said an airport official who declined to give his name and referred all further questions to Talbot.
One passenger told reporters that at least 20 RCMP officers wearing body armour were inside the security area checking people over suspiciously before they were evacuated. However, no one was arrested, Talbot said.
After nothing major was found during the sweep, the evacuated passengers were forced to go through security a second time.
“I thought, ‘We're in Canada,' so I wasn't too worried about it,” said Peter Pearson, who was waiting in line for his flight to Toronto. “I figured there was just a door left open somewhere.
“They're being careful and they're being remarkably quick about letting everybody back through … They told us they would hold flights for us so, not too worried.”
Pat Denman was waiting in line to go to Montreal through Toronto.
“I was very surprised that Winnipeg would have a security breach,” she said. “But there's nothing you can do about it, you just go with the flow.”
Despite the hour-long wait, there was little complaining.
“I'm very pleased to see that (they were being careful),” Denman said. “That's probably the most important thing.”
Talbot did say some passengers were worried about missing connecting flights.
“It looked like they were handling it OK, and they told us what was going on,” said Mary Lee Dawson, who was headed to Moncton, N.B.
Those who were evacuated from the holding area waited in line with other passengers, so there may have been as many as 1,000 queueing up together.
“When I got here, they were lined up all the way downstairs (from the second-floor departure area),” Dawson said. “It seemed to be very well-organized and stuff. So, I just went downstairs and got in line.”
The WAA is not allowed to disclose the nature of any breach to the public. It was the first such incident since the new airport opened in October 2011, Talbot said.
“Our main concern is always going to be passenger safety and airport security,” she said.
Now that we've terraformed a new home for future fiction, we need you to help us populate it.
Submissions for Terraform are open to the public, and the ask is simple: We're looking for 2,000 words or fewer—a nice, digestible internet length—of speculative fiction honing in on the tech, science, and future culture topics driving the zeitgeist.
We're looking especially for nearer-future fiction; think a bit more along the lines of sentient chat bots or climate-changed dystopias and less far-flung alien space operas. And we don't care what form it comes in: Classic-style SF short stories, social media posts from beyond the horizon, fictive data dumps, experimental graphic narratives, and so on. Our baseline rate is $0.20 a word.
Please limit one story per submission. Include a brief, one or two sentence-long description of the story in the body of the email, along with the word count, and any description about yourself or your publication history you'd like to add. We are not currently considering previously published works.
Remember, we'll run one new story every week. Terraform is a qualifying market for the Science Fiction Writers of America.
NOTE: Due to the overwhelming number of submissions we receive, we can no longer respond to every one of them. If you have not heard from us within four months, you can assume the story has not been accepted for publication.
Send submissions to terraform.motherboard (at) gmail.com. Please do not email the Motherboard editor inbox with Terraform queries.
We're looking forward to reading your dispatches from the future.
A source close to Jeff Fisher insisted the delay in choosing between head coaching jobs with the Miami Dolphins and St. Louis Rams is not a leverage play and that neither side has yet to make an offer.
Fisher is making sure he has an ideal situation to step into before agreeing to coach one of the teams, the source said.
"This is not about money," the source said. "This is not about negotiating. This is about winning."
The Dolphins (6-10) missed the playoffs for the ninth time in the past 10 years. The losing season was their third in a row, the franchise's longest such stretch since the 1960s. Miami fired coach Tony Sparano with three games remaining.
The Rams fired Steve Spagnuolo after finishing 2-14. St. Louis has missed the playoffs for seven straight seasons.
Fisher sat out the entire 2011 season after being fired by the Tennessee Titans in January. He had served as coach of the franchise for 16 full seasons, including before the Titans moved from Houston to Tennessee.
He has a career record of 142-120 and led the Titans to at least 12 wins four times.
Adam Schefter is ESPN's NFL Insider. Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
February 16, 2009 at 19:40 Tags Articles , Compilation
CSTs - Concrete Syntax Trees (a.k.a. Parse Trees) and ASTs - Abstract Syntax Trees (a.k.a. Syntax Trees) are two terms that come up a lot in compiler & parser nomenclature. However, it is not always understood what is the difference between the two, because they are closely related.
In this article I attempt to explain the difference, at least for myself.
Concrete Syntax Trees CSTs are a representation of grammars in a tree-like form. Here's a definition from the Dragon book : A parse tree pictorially shows how the start symbol of a grammar derives a string in the language. That is, the CST is a one-to-one mapping from the grammar to a tree-form. An example will make this easier to understand. Consider parsing the C statement return a + 2; . Following the ANSI C grammar defined in K&R2 and appearing in its YACC representation in various places on the web, the parse tree of this statement looks thus: And this is not even the complete tree. The path between conditional_expression and additive_expression goes through the sequence: logical_or_expression , logical_and_expression , inclusive_or_expression , exclusive_or_expression , and_expression , equality_expression , relational_expression and shift_expression . I kid you not! There are two more nodes between unary_expression and constant as well. Indeed, this is a very formal representation that strictly shows how the parser understands the statement return a + 2; , but it is not a very useful representation to work with, is it? This is where ASTs come in.
Abstract Syntax Trees ASTs are simplified syntactic representations of the source code, and they're most often expressed by the data structures of the language used for implementation . Quoting from the Dragon book again: Abstract syntax trees, or simply syntax trees, differ from parse trees because superficial distinctions of form, unimportant for translation, do not appear in syntax trees. ASTs don't show the whole syntactic clutter, but represent the parsed string in a structured way, discarding all information that may be important for parsing the string, but isn't needed for analyzing it. Here's an AST for return a + 2; , as generated by pycparser: Looks like something much more manageable, doesn't it? Note that an AST conveys information in the internal nodes as well, and not only at the leaves. So, instead of going through a long list of expression nodes just to represent the type of the expression, a simple op attribute in a BinOp node does the job. Also, the AST doesn't hold syntactic nodes like ';' , because these are useless for analysis. ASTs are usually the last product of the front-end of a compiler. They represent the structure of the code in a compact and useful way that facilitates convenient analysis and further processing.
From a CST to an AST Parsers usually either construct ASTs directly in their actions, or first construct CSTs and then convert them to ASTs. It's interesting to note that CSTs are trivial to build once you have a grammar written , and some tools will build it automatically. After all, a CST is just another representation of the grammar. But beware of tools that promise to automatically build ASTs - this can work in a general sense only for trivial grammars, and what you'll get is most likely a CST rather than an AST. For some languages, it is far from trivial to construct an AST from a CST. A good example is the syntax of type declarations in C, which is known to be tricky. Consider the declaration int* arp[5]; - an array of 5 pointers to int . Here's its parse tree, according to the ANSI C grammar: Clutter aside, there are two other problems here that make analysis difficult: Note that the pointer node is actually above the array, so working through the CST directly, it can be thought that we've declared a pointer to an array! This is the "reverse logic of declarations" problem of C. Where is the array name? It's buried deep down in the tree, which isn't very convenient. Because of these problems, it would be very difficult to work directly with a CST for C, without converting it to AST. pycparser converts to AST on the fly (without generating an explicit CST), and here's the AST that represents int* arp[5]; : Both problems are solved. The pointer is now clearly below the array, and the variable name was raised to the top-most node. This AST can be just read out loud to produce the correct interpretation of the declaration: "arp is an array of 5 pointers to int".
SAN JOSE, Calif. – There was a welcome sight at San Jose Earthquakes training this week: Designated Player Innocent was on the pitch for the first time since undergoing surgery in May to repair a torn knee meniscus.
The 25-year-old Swiss international was in flat-soled shoes doing running and rehabilitation work on the sidelines as the Quakes prepared for a crucial Friday night showdown against the Colorado Rapids (11 pm ET; UniMas).
While it was an important milestone for Innocent's recovery, it paled in comparison to another painful absence for the Quakes. Already having to make do without suspended rookie Fatai Alashe, who claimed a starting spot at holding midfield early on this season, San Jose might not have recently acquired Panamanian international Anibal Godoy in uniform for Friday's potential make-or-break game.
The Quakes inked Godoy to a 2 1/2-year contract with an eye on the future, but the hope was that his steadying presence in the middle of the pitch would free up more attackers on a team that ranks 18th in goals per game at 1.05.
Godoy, whose signing was announced last week, had not arrived in San Jose by Thursday's final training session; a team spokesman said there was no update as of noon on Friday. He might still suit up even if he arrives in San Jose on game day; Simon Dawkins debuted for the Quakes as a substitute in 2011 without the benefit of practice.
“As far as Godoy goes, we were hoping to have him here earlier, and he's not here,” Quakes coach Dominic Kinnear told MLSsoccer.com this week.
Making an appearance Friday “all depends on how he feels. We want to get him acclimated as quickly as possible. But it's hard to talk when you don't know when he's arriving,” Kinnear added.
So if the Quakes (7-10-5) are going to arrest a six-game winless skid in league play and stop a rapid (5-8-9) team that is bidding to get out of last place in the West for the first time since March, they'll likely do it with JJ Koval or Jean-Baptiste Pierazzi starting as the shield of a backline that has given up 13 goals and recorded just one clean sheet since San Jose's last victory.
Get more Quakes news at SJEarthquakes.com
“The red card's a red card,” Kinnear said of Alashe's suspension. “I don't think that's bad luck [in terms of timing], I just think that's the way the referee saw it, and I'm not going to disagree with him.”
On the positive side, Kinnear and the Quakes welcomed back midfielder Matias Perez Garcia and center back Clarence Goodson – critical contributors who both missed San Jose's 2-1 loss in Houston last weekend. Barring a late setback, both players should be available for selection.
“I try to go day-by-day, especially with some guys,” Kinnear said. “They may feel great the one day, and then you never know.”
Tarek and Christina El Moussa are no longer the only stars of "Flip or Flop."
HGTV announced several new spinoffs of their hit show "Flip or Flop" that will feature pairs flipping homes across different states.
The network has been developing the "Flip or Flop" franchise for more than a year and the first series to launch -- "Flip or Flop Vegas" will premiere April 6.
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
The Vegas spinoff stars husband and wife team Bristol and Aubrey Marunde. Bristol, a former MMA fighter is a contractor and designer while his wife, who also designs, is a real estate expert.
HGTV will release other "Flip or Flop" spinoffs in cities including Nashville, Atlanta, Texas and Chicago. Not all of the pairs will be married couples.
Fans of the original "Flip or Flop" need not worry; HGTV said they are currently filming the next season of the show with the El Moussa's set to air this summer despite the couple's split.
This service is expected to revolutionise the e-commerce business in Nepal, as it will allow millions of electronic cardholders to purchase goods from Nepal-based online stores and even open online stores
Jul 18, 2017-Nepal's budding e-commerce business is expected to get a much-needed shot in the arm soon, as two banks are introducing platforms that will enable debit and credit card holders to purchase goods and services from online stores based in the country.
This is the first-of-a-kind service being launched in Nepal.
Nabil Bank and Himalayan Bank have already installed systems that support countrywide online trading and have started conducting tests as well. These systems have been certified by renowned payment technology companies like Visa and Mastercard, and ensure secure online transactions.
“If things go according to plan, we will launch the service within a month,” Nabil Bank CEO Sashin Joshi told the Post.
Himalayan Bank is mulling over introducing the service even sooner. “We are hoping to launch the service in the next 10 days,” the bank's CEO Ashoke Rana said.
The entry of only two banks in the online trading business, however, should not mean only clients of these financial institutions will be able to purchase goods and services from Nepal-based online stores. These banks have installed systems that enable electronic cardholders of any bank to engage in online trading.
But the electronic cards should be products of Visa, Mastercard or Union Pay International, if the online shopper is using the payment gateway of Nabil Bank. In the case of Himalayan Bank, the electronic cards should be products of Visa, Mastercard, Union Pay International, American Express or JCB, according to Rana.
This facility is expected to revolutionise the e-commerce business in Nepal, as it will allow millions of electronic cardholders here to engage in online trading and even open online stores.
Currently, Nepalis are using the handful of tools, such as e-Sewa, a homemade payment gateway, and internet banking platforms introduced by banks, to conduct online transactions.
Once the two banks start offering online trading service, anyone holding debit and credit cards can indulge in online shopping if the websites are integrated with payment gateways of the two banks.
Nepal has lately seen proliferation in the issuance of electronic cards, especially debit cards, because of rapid expansion of banks and financial institutions.
Banks and financial institutions have so far issued around 5.1 million units of debit cards in the country, of which 4.7 million units were supplied by commercial banks. Commercial banks have also issued around 64,140 units of credit cards and around 99,935 units of pre-paid cards.
All these card users, according to the banks, need not worry about security while conducting online transactions, as safety protocols developed by companies like Visa and Mastercard will be followed.
The systems introduced by the two banks, for instance, will not allow online shoppers to purchase goods or services online only by providing card information, such as card number and its expiry date. They must enter one-time password generated by the system, which will be sent to registered cell phone number or e-mail address, before engaging in online transaction.
The service that is being launched soon is also expected to lend support Nepal-based enterprises, such as hotels and others engaged in travel trade, that are using intermediaries to bag businesses from abroad.
At present, some of the hotels are paying up to 70 percent of what they earn as commission fee to mediating companies based abroad to attract business. Now, these enterprises can simply link their websites to payment gateways of domestic banks to conduct online trading.
Published: 18-07-2017 08:16
One of the fan-favorite rFactor mods was iDT's Formula BMW mod, highlighting the entry-level racing open-wheel series. Now, modder “Slow Motion” has released the authorized conversion of the Formula BMW mod for rFactor 2!
This conversion is not just a simple copy-paste job either. The tire model has been overhauled to feature the new Contact Patch Model, as well as the “Variable Steering Ratio” that is utilized in rFactor 2. Slow Motion has given great marks to the fidelity of iDT's physics, and said that he only made minute amount of adjustments, to take advantage of rFactor 2's technical enhancements.
The Formula BMW series was one of the top feeder series from 1998-2013, which helped launch careers of drivers such as Formula One Driver Nico Rosberg, IndyCar driver Graham Rahal, NASCAR driver Julia Landauer, and even former actor Frankie Muniz (who is actually featured in the mod!). The car features a 140 horsepower Inline-4 engine, mated to a Hewland six-speed sequential transmission. The car weighs only 455 kg (1,003 pounds) without the driver, so it is very lightweight and agile.
The car is available now from the official rFactor 2 forums. If this mod is anything like iDT's mod for the original rFactor, it should be a blast to drive!
In one series of experiments, researchers manipulated recess start times: Some days children were let out at 10 a.m., and other days at 10:30. The kids' attentiveness decreased when they had to wait longer for recess, and rebounded after they played. [5] And when fourth-graders in a recess-free school were given a weekly recess, another group of researchers finds that they had an easier time staying on task and were much less fidgety. [6] These experimental findings are bolstered by an analysis of 10,000 questionnaires filled out by third-grade teachers: Even a single 15-minute daily recess was correlated with more-positive ratings of classroom behavior. [7]
Perhaps most important, recess allows children to design their own games, to test their abilities, to role-play, and to mediate their own conflicts—activities that are key to developing social skills and navigating complicated situations. [8] Preliminary results from an ongoing study in Texas suggest that elementary-school children who are given four 15-minute recesses a day are significantly more empathetic toward their peers than are kids who don't get recess. [9]
If it weren't such a journalistic cliché to invoke Finland's highly ranked (and widely fawned-over) school system, I might end by noting that Finnish kids get more than an hour of recess each day. More surprising, though, is the fact that in East Asian countries like China—the land of nine-hour school days and weekend cram classes—most schools give kids a 10- or even 20-minute break after each class, or about every hour. Maybe they're onto something.
The Studies:
[1] Burris and Burris, “Outdoor Play and Learning” (International Journal of Education Policy & Leadership, Nov. 2011) ^
[2] Roth et al., “What Happens During the School Day?” (Teachers College Record, April 2003) ^
[3] Etnier et al., “The Influence of Physical Fitness and Exercise Upon Cognitive Functioning” (Journal of Sport & Exercise Psychology, Sept. 1997) ^
[4] Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, “The Association Between School-Based Physical Activity, Including Physical Education, and Academic Performance” (July 2010) ^
[5] Pellegrini et al., “The Effects of Recess Timing on Children's Playground and Classroom Behaviors” (American Educational Research Journal, Winter 1995) ^
[6] Jarrett et al., “Impact of Recess on Classroom Behavior” (The Journal of Educational Research, Nov./Dec. 1998) ^
[7] Barros et al., “School Recess and Group Classroom Behavior” (Pediatrics, Feb. 2009) ^
[8] Pellegrini and Bohn, “The Role of Recess in Children's Cognitive Performance and School Adjustment” (Educational Researcher, Jan./Feb. 2005) ^
[9] Texas Christian University LiiNK Project, “End of Year Report” (2015–16) ^
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
New York Democrats poised to nominate Bill de Blasio for mayor
Democrats favor public advocate Bill de Blasio, leaving scandal-plagued Anthony Weiner far behind. The eventual nominee faces Republican Joseph Lhota, possibly after a runoff.
Just as they shunned the sexting Weiner, whose online philandering cost him his congressional seat in 2011, voters also rejected another scandal-plagued candidate, former Gov. Eliot Spitzer. Spitzer, who resigned as governor in 2008 after being caught patronizing prostitutes, narrowly lost his fight with Manhattan Borough President Scott Stringer to be the Democratic nominee for city comptroller.
The Democratic nominee will face Republican Joseph Lhota, the former Metropolitan Transportation Authority chief, in the November election to succeed Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg. Lhota defeated billionaire businessman John Catsimatidis by more than 10 percentage points to avoid a runoff.
It was not clear late Tuesday whether De Blasio would capture the 40% of votes needed to avoid a runoff with the second-place finisher, former city Comptroller William Thompson Jr.; De Blasio danced around the necessary figure as returns trickled in showing him easily outdistancing the field. City Council Speaker Christine Quinn was in third place, followed by the current city comptroller, John C. Liu, who was vying to be New York's first Asian America mayor. Weiner was trailing in single digits.
NEW YORK — Weary of scandal and swayed by promises of a better future for residents being priced out of the city, voters on Tuesday rejected former Rep. Anthony Weiner's bid for a political comeback and threw their support behind the liberal public advocate Bill de Blasio to be the Democratic candidate for mayor.
The results in the mayoral primary, the first step toward choosing a successor to Bloomberg, underscored the appeal of De Blasio's message to middle-class New Yorkers, who he said had suffered under the billionaire mayor's 12 years in office. Throughout the campaign, De Blasio portrayed himself as the candidate who could offer a clean break from the Bloomberg years, which he said had turned New York into a "tale of two cities," with all but the richest residents struggling to get by.
De Blasio also won over liberal voters as he condemned the police department's stop-and-frisk policy — which critics say targets black and Latino youth — and used TV ads to emphasize his multiracial family. De Blasio, who is white, is married to a black woman. TV ads featuring his son, Dante, struck a chord with voters who saw the teenager as an example of those caught up in the stop-and-frisk practice because of their skin color.
"The work you did at the grass roots is why we're here tonight," De Blasio told supporters gathered outside his election party in Brooklyn on Tuesday night. But he indicated that he expected a runoff, saying, "We've got a lot of work ahead."
The voting marked the end of a rollicking campaign with a shifting array of front-runners and issues that ranged from civil rights to kitten rights.
At one point, Lhota questioned the wisdom of transit officials shutting down a portion of a subway line for two hours to save two kittens lost on the tracks, prompting criticism from Catsimatidis and forcing Lhota to declare in their final debate, "I never said I wanted to kill a cat."
All of the candidates portrayed themselves as champions of the middle class and promised more jobs, better schools and more affordable housing in a city where the average apartment rents for more than $3,000 per month. Their opinions on policing tactics and on Bloomberg's legacy set them apart and took center stage in debates and forums after being briefly overshadowed by the raunch factor that accompanied Weiner's late arrival in the race.
Weiner announced his candidacy in May, about two years after revelations of his sexting with various women forced him to quit his 9th Congressional District seat. He soared in the polls initially but began losing support in July after admitting that he had pursued online relationships with women other than his wife even after resigning from office and entering rehab to salvage his career and marriage.
Even as he conceded defeat, Weiner insisted that his ideas were sound and his campaign strong. "There's no doubt about it: We had the best ideas," Weiner said, adding that he never considered quitting even as his sexting issues came back to haunt him. "Sadly, I was an imperfect messenger."
The Republic | azcentral.com Sun May 12, 2013 2:16 AM
The first surprise as you stroll the desert trail north of Phoenix is coming upon a calm, steady stream of cool water. This stretch of Cave Creek feels isolated, its banks of mesquite and desert scrub blocking the view of mountains in the distance.
But when you cross on a makeshift footbridge of wooden planks, the path opens onto a vast vista of saguaros dotting rows of mountains. East leads to the Tonto National Forest; west to Elephant Mountain.
The Elephant Mountain route guides you out of the Spur Cross Ranch Conservation Area and into Cave Creek Regional Park — a scenic, 10-mile link between two regional parks.
Within the next few years, people traveling farther west on that trail will be able to walk, jog, bike or ride horses to Lake Pleasant and, eventually, southwest to the White Tank Mountains. An offshoot between Lake Pleasant and the White Tanks will wander down to Adobe Dam Regional Park.
From the White Tanks, the trail will meander south, where it will fork: A turn west will lead into the Buckeye Hills, while trekking east will lead into the Sierra Estrella near Goodyear. From there, the trail will continue east through Phoenix's South Mountain Park and on to the Santan Mountains at the Valley's southeastern edge. There, it will turn north toward Usery Mountain Regional Park, continue into the McDowell Mountains and curve northwest back to Spur Cross Ranch at Cave Creek's edge.
That 376-mile path, known as the Maricopa Trail, will loop Maricopa County, connecting the county's 10 parks. A smaller interior loop known as the Sun Circle Trail will incorporate several of the Valley's canal trails and Phoenix's South Mountain Park.
The project began 10 years ago and is more than half-done. County officials aim to complete it by 2015. The trail is taking shape as segments are connected like pieces of a puzzle. The project is herculean for a county that is 132 miles wide, where getting from one end to the other feels like a road trip.
Outdoorsy residents have already discovered segments of the Maricopa Trail, with news of completed segments traveling largely by word of mouth. In addition to offering the casual outdoor enthusiast new adventures, it offers prime training opportunities for endurance horseback riders, long-distance runners and extreme hikers. Some dub it the Appalachian Trail of Maricopa County.
Once finished, the Maricopa Trail will join a growing national movement toward regional trail systems that, experts believe, promote the community, public health and the economy.
‘Kind of surreal'
On a recent spring evening, a neon pink and yellow sunset draped over the White Tank Mountains as an impromptu group of eight joggers congregated at the northern end of the West Valley mountain range.
Soon, the sky turned pitch-black, lit only by the sprinkling of stars and the joggers' headlamps. They began their weekly run on a trail along the eastern side of the White Tanks.
This particular 6-mile route begins at the western end of Greenway Road in Surprise, runs through a bypass tunnel under Sun Valley Parkway and continues until the trail abruptly stops 3 miles in. The rest of that portion of the Maricopa Trail, connecting White Tank Mountain Regional Park to Lake Pleasant Regional Park, is still under construction.
Early last year, retiree Don Anderson was on a 15-mile night run in the White Tanks. It had just rained. As runoff poured down the rocks, it sounded like he was running in a drizzle.
“I posted on Facebook that I found the experience kind of surreal,” he said. “I had a few of them respond on Facebook, ‘Sounds great.' I commented, ‘It sounds like we need to do a night run.' They commented, ‘Yes, when are you going to head it?' ”
Once he began coordinating weekly night runs, he spread the word through local running groups such as Arizona Road Racers. People show up when they're not already committed to other races.
The trail segment the group runs is narrow, about the size of a bike lane. It is mostly flat but snaking, and it's a challenge to stay on course for those unfamiliar with its turns. Anderson set up orange flags to mark the trail because the few official Maricopa Trail signs are tough to spot in the dark.
A recent 83-degree Tuesday had cooled down by the time the group started its jog at 6:45 p.m. The runners leave nobody behind — not even a reporter who joined them that night, a running novice who inevitably slowed them down. They caught up on each other's recent races and injuries as they jogged the winding path.
Jeff Hall, founder of Run 4 It Endurance Training, halted the group during its return from the turnaround point. He urged all to turn off their headlamps and gaze up at the heavens.
It was a cloudy night, but stars still were visible. The faint sound of cars drifted in from Sun Valley Parkway, and the glow from Sun City West was visible in the distance.
Anderson, a Minnesota snowbird and running enthusiast who winters in Sun City West, turns 70 this year. He has run more than 20 miles of the Maricopa Trail and plans to add to that.
“My goal is to live long enough to do the whole trail,” Anderson said.
Trails in other states
Connecting public lands is a growing trend in outdoor recreation, said Richard Dolesh, vice president for conservation and parks at the National Recreation and Park Association.
The East Bay Regional Park District near San Francisco, for example, has more than 150 miles of paved trails linking the district's parks. The district holds a Trails Challenge program encouraging residents to use different segments of the system.
The Seattle area's King County has a trail system of more than 175 miles and plans to grow it to more than 300 miles. “The Circuit” in Pennsylvania and New Jersey is a 750-mile bicycle- and pedestrian-trail project designed to link paths between states.
“The vision to connect these trails is a farsighted and practical vision because of the many benefits it brings from having short, disconnected trails,” Dolesh said.
People can pick which parts of the trails to use based on personal preferences or physical condition. Multipurpose trails like the Maricopa Trail increase the variety of outdoor activities available to users.
Having a regional trail system also can be a stimulus for economic growth and development — what Dolesh calls “low-impact heritage tourism.” That means outfitters, bike shops, guide services and hospitality businesses all benefit from having a regional trail system, he said.
The Maricopa Trail project broke ground in 2003. The Maricopa County Parks and Recreation Department is working with Valley cities, towns, Arizona Public Service Co., Salt River Project, the county Flood Control District and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to connect the 35 segments.
The effort is projected to cost the county $5 million. Roughly $2.9 million has been spent so far. The Maricopa Trail and Park Foundation, a non-profit, helps develop and maintain the system. An Anthem developer and Peoria also have donated $2.3 million toward the project.
County Board of Supervisors Chairman Andy Kunasek has been a key proponent of the project in the past decade. He has made it a priority for his chairmanship this year.
Kunasek grew up camping in the county's Usery Mountain Regional Park. He is often found boating at the county's Lake Pleasant Regional Park and is an avid hunter. He said he hopes to see organized community programs like the Ironman Triathlon held on the Maricopa Trail once it is complete.
He recalled a phrase that was coined during an early trails commission meeting where the trail was mapped: “It's like taking a bunch of jewels in the parks and making jewelry.”
2 Midwestern miners
Mansel Carter and Marion Kennedy were two miners from the Midwest who became friends after moving to Gilbert in the late 1940s. They both quickly realized that town life wasn't for them, so they moved to Goldmine Mountain in the Santans.
Carter, the more sociable of the two, became a celebrity of sorts around Queen Creek. He sold handmade “cactus curios” by carving artwork into small pieces of cactus or wood. He made famous mesquite biscuits for visitors. He also was known for his affinity for and connection with animals. The word is, he even had desert tortoises laying eggs under his stove to keep warm until they hatched.
When Kennedy died, Carter blasted a huge hole with dynamite to bury his friend. It was big enough to fit Carter next to his buddy when he died.
“Little did he know, he dug his own grave, too,” said Adam Martell, ranger at the San Tan Mountain Regional Park.
Both are now buried at the bottom of the Goldmine Trail, a segment of the Maricopa Trail that runs through the park. They lie side by side in a simple grave with headstones that tell their stories.
But getting to their graves from the eastern end of the 21/2-mile Goldmine Trail, where the park's main entrance is located, is not simple. In fact, a map of the park's trails warns visitors of a hazardous area immediately preceding the grave site.
It is a steep stretch of about a half-mile, gaining 700 feet in elevation. The rocky incline is like an intense 15-minute workout on a StairMaster, with no handlebars or television to distract. The decline is dangerously slippery.
“Sideways,” a man climbing up said as others nervously went down. “Your feet. Sideways.”
It was sound advice, though still easy to fall.
Mike Kuehl, a Queen Creek resident, hikes the hill with his wife nearly every day and now does it with ease.
“We mostly do the climb here and go back down,” Kuehl said. “It's steep here, so it gives you a good little workout. It's pretty quick and fast, and you can get back home.”
The couple liked the Goldmine Trail so much they bought annual passes. They have been hiking the hill for three years, watching its popularity grow. They have timed the round-trip walk to 45 minutes.
They particularly enjoy coming back down to fields of yellow and purple wildflowers at the base of the hill in the spring. The flowers congratulate those who've made it down and encourage others who are about to trek up.
“Really, just truly, I enjoy the scenery,” Kuehl said.
Endurance riding
Angie Fura lives near the Maricopa Trail's Anthem Trailhead in the far north Valley. She rides Stella, her 5-year-old horse, on the Maricopa Trail three or four times a week. They ride between Lake Pleasant and Spur Cross Ranch, through the Anthem Trailhead, with targeted exercises.
“One day when it's finally finished, we'll ride around the city. But, for now, we do what we can,” Fura said.
Endurance riding is akin to a marathon for horses and their riders. They cover 50 miles in 12 hours or 100 miles in 24 hours. There is a vet check every 25 miles to ensure that horses are healthy enough to continue.
The segment near the Anthem Trailhead is ideal for Fura and her group of fellow endurance enthusiasts.
The trail is wide, keeping thorny cactuses far from horses and leaving enough room to share with hikers. All-terrain vehicles and hunting are not allowed, keeping the horses safe. The trail is relatively flat, allowing riders to see mountain bikers coming from a distance.
“The ground is not too hard, so there's no concussion on their legs. It's a highly desirable trail,” said Kecia Smette, who regularly rides Squeaker, her 8-year-old horse, near the Anthem Trailhead.
Squeaker got his name because he squeaks like a toy when it's feeding time.
Smette is working to build Squeaker's legs and core muscles and train him for endurance. After “base training,” horses can work to increase their speed and do targeted exercises to hone their skills. Riders keep in shape, as well, and yoga helps them prepare for long- distance rides.
Endurance riding is a growing sport in Phoenix. Smette estimated there are about 20 endurance riders in the Valley. They travel to different states for races, which take place about every other month.
Smette, who rides Squeaker 30 to 40 miles a week, said word is spreading about the Anthem Trailhead as an ideal spot for the growing sport.
“All of us really love our horses and being able to ride them and have trails open to us,” she said.
389 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
On April 20th, Manchester police conducted another DUI checkpoint, believed to be the first of 2017. As always, Cop Blockers and more than a dozen other liberty activists came out with signs redirecting peaceful motorists away from turning down Bridge St, where they would have hit the checkpoint.
Longtime Manchester Cop Blocker Riaz Kahan stated that the interdiction was a major success, with 90% of cars that were intending to turn towards the checkpoint being redirected to another route, avoiding unnecessary police harassment. Manchester police conduct at least a few of these checkpoints per year and activists from all over the state are attracted to help. It's another unprecedented level of activism that happens easily and regularly in New Hampshire, since there are active migrations of libertarians moving here. (Check out 101 reasons why, here.)
However, for the first time in the history of Manchester's checkpoints, an activist was arrested. Not for DUI, but for crossing the street, walking toward the checkpoint.
Keene-based activist and privacy-centric computer hardware entrepreneur Christopher Waid was the victim of the police's most recent attack on freedom of the press. We were merely trying to cross the street so as to better observe the police's unconstitutional checkpoint activity. However as we began to approach the median multiple police shouted at us including officer #1, Robert Harrington, who you may remember as the cop who popped Derrick J Freeman's car door open without permission several years back. Here's the video of Chris' arrest and post-bail interview:
Chris is a weekly co-host on syndicated radio show Free Talk Live, where we discussed the arrest on last Friday's show. He's a rare breed – a business owner who is willing to put his very freedom on the line. If more business owners had this level of courage, they could just ignore the government rather than obey them, and the government would have to go away.
In addition to standing up for freedom of the press, Chris is an active police accountability activist, with many hours logged in the streets, recording cops. It is his right to stand where he wants, so long as he's not actively interfering in police investigations. By standing in the median, he's taking his risk and the police have no obligation to protect him, especially from himself. If they try to use the argument that them yelling at him was for his own safety, that hopefully won't hold up in court. We've been in medians frequently for activism in Keene and police here have been mostly respectful towards us. By the way, Chris is a homeowner in Keene, to which he moved his linux hardware business, Think Penguin in early 2016.
He's currently facing a “Disorderly Conduct” Class A charge – the police's favorite catch-all to target people they don't like. Of course, we'll continue to follow Chris' case closely on Free Keene, so stay tuned.
EDITOR'S NOTE: As mentioned above, the officer who arrested Chris is R. Harrington, badge number ONE, and he's been filmed by CopBlockers before; as seen in the video below from 2012.
389 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
EPN
WASHINGTON DC – US Republican Senator Ted Cruz, a strong advocate of arming the Kurds in the war against Islamic State (ISIS), has confirmed he is running for the US presidency in next year's elections.
Cruz, 44, from Texas announced his entry into the race via Twitter after midnight on Monday morning, saying, “I'm running for President and I hope to earn your support,”
Cruz has been a vocal critic of President Barack Obama's current strategy against ISIS, saying that the US should boost the military capacity of the Kurdish Peshmerga directly.
“We have a tremendous asset on the ground right now which is the Kurds,” Senator Cruz told CNN last month. “The Peshmerga have been strong allies of the US, they are effective fighters and they desperately need weaponry and assistance.”
He echoed complaints by Kurdish leaders that the US military aid for the Peshmerga should not go through Baghdad.
“For whatever reason the Obama administration has been number one, delaying aiding the Peshmerga, has been running it all through Baghdad instead of aiding them directly, has been blocking them from selling oil, which doesn't make sense either,” Senator Cruz told CNN.
Cruz, who is the first among other Republican hopefuls to make his candidacy public, said that Washington should focus more on working with the Peshmerga to defeat ISIS than on Syrian rebels.
“At the same time the Obama administration keeps focusing on Syrian rebels, many of whom have far closer ties with radical Islamic terrorists to make any sense for us to be supporting them,” he said. “The Kurds are allies and they are boots on the ground and when we work with them in concert they are ready to fight on the frontline along with serious air power.”
“That is what we ought to be doing,” he told CNN. “If it were a military objective to take ISIS out, I think that is what we would be doing.”
Here are more signs that the Gaza onslaught has reshaped the American discussion of Israel and Palestine, in three arguments from intellectuals.
1, Ken Roth of Human Rights Watch said on Democracy Now yesterday that Palestinians should end the “charade” and go to the International Criminal Court to have Israel hauled up on war crimes. Roth has been more careful in his indictments in the past. He is obviously angry about the Israeli slaughter, and about Israeli immunity.
“They seem not to learn… they are completely on notice. We've accused them of this in the past. They just keep repeating it.”
Roth sees a design, of targeting civilians: “to try to make the people of Gaza pay a price because Hamas is ruling over them.”
Full excerpt below.
2, Leon Wieseltier, a longtime supporter of anything Israel wants to do, confesses in The New Republic that he finds Israel's failure to sort out militants from civilians “sickening,” and more importantly, that he needs to distance himself from the Israel lobby and Israeli society. The overwhelming Israeli support for the the slaughter makes him “queasy.” And as for the lobby, “I have been surprised by the magnitude of the indifference in the Jewish world to the human costs of Israel's defense.” In refusing to defer to Israelis in his judgment of the massacre, Wieseltier parts company with Michael Walzer, who said on an Americans for Peace Now call that it was too easy to sit in Princeton and judge people in Israel, or Bill Kristol, who has said that it is “cavalier” to sit on the Upper West Side and second-guess Israelis. These men defer to Israeli judgment (presumably in part out of a religious understanding that Israeli Jews are aliyah, higher, while we in the Diaspora are yoredim, or lower); Wieseltier has no such astral body.
Full excerpt below.
3. Finally I've thrown in great analysis of the Israeli tactics by David Bromwich at Huffpo. Bromwich hasn't shifted any from his recent book, but the Vietnam “Free Fire Zone” analogy he makes is one I've heard from other Americans and needs to be highlighted.
1. Kenneth Roth, executive director of Human Rights Watch, interviewed by Nermeen Shaikh at Democracy Now! Roth doesn't parse anything; he says Israel committed war crimes:
And no matter how many times the Israeli military spokesmen scream, “Human shields! Human shields!” most of the people being killed in Gaza are being killed because Israel is paying insufficient care to saving civilian lives. There's been case after case in which Israel has used the wrong weaponry or has shot at people with many civilians around. And these, in our view, are war crimes.
He calls on Palestine to go to the ICC as “the only realistic proposal” to deal with these war crimes:
Now, Palestine, having now been recognized by the U.N. General Assembly as a state, actually is entitled to ratify the International Criminal Court treaty, or even short of that, to simply invite the International Criminal Court to come in and conduct an investigation. I don't quite understand what the Palestinian representative was doing in The Hague, because this is not just a matter of going and discussing whether maybe the International Criminal Court might get involved. You know, they should stop the charade and just invite the International Criminal Court in. It's a simple thing to do. Now, of course, the reason they're not doing it is probably twofold. I mean, one is that the U.S. government and certain Western governments are shamefully putting pressure on the Palestinian Authority not to do that, threatening to withhold aid and all kinds of severe consequences. And this is their effort to protect Israel from a proper war crimes investigation. The other factor which may be playing a part is, of course, Hamas's vulnerability to prosecution, as well. And we don't know to what extent Hamas is telling the Palestinian Authority, you know, “Don't you dare really bring in the International Criminal Court, because we're at jeopardy, as well.” But, you know, the bottom line is that this charade is not real, and we hope that the Palestinian Authority will get off the fence and go forward and actually invite in the International Criminal Court as the only realistic prospect for bringing justice to the many, many victims of these war crimes….
Here he expresses his anger at Israel's contempt for the distinction between militants and civilians:
you know, for example, when they hit the beach cafe killing nine people watching the World Cup, we don't even know if there was a militant there, but that was a wholly inappropriate time to shoot. Or when they claimed to have been going after a militant, hit his family home and killed 25 civilians who were breaking the Ramadan fast. These are clearly disproportionate harm to civilians, a war crime regardless of whether there might have been a militant in the vicinity or not.. They seem not to learn. I mean, we've gone through this in the prior Gaza efforts. We went through it with the Hezbollah war. I actually, you know, after the Hezbollah war, went and briefed the senior Israeli lawyer for the military, describing many of these same problems, the fact that you can't just issue a warning and assume that everybody left, in that case, is Hezbollah. So, you know, they are completely on notice. We've accused them of this in the past. They just keep repeating it. And it seems to be almost by design to try to make the people of Gaza pay a price because Hamas is ruling over them. But, of course, you know, that's the same logic that they criticize Hamas for, where Hamas will say, “Oh, well, you know, Israel elected Netanyahu, therefore any Israeli civilian is fair game,” or, “All Israeli males might go into the military, so therefore we can fire indiscriminate rockets.” I mean, that's a war crime logic, and Israel is oftentimes acting according to the same logic in Gaza.
2. Here is Leon Wieseltier in the New Republic. I'm leaving out his condemnations of Hamas and the validation of Israel's war on Gaza. Though you will see that he is excited that Israelis are shooting guns. I am focusing on his fine response to the enormity, his moral rage at the idea of “mowing the lawn.”
I do not know how to do the arithmetic of conscience. Officials in Gaza say that 1,834 Palestinians have been killed. An IDF spokesman says that “approximately 900 militants in combat” have been killed. That leaves about 900 dead civilians. Is that doctrinally acceptable? Is it “mowing the lawn”? What is the concept which can confidently prescribe that when three Hamas operatives are on a motorcycle at a school where people are waiting in line for food supplies, the trigger should be pulled? If the villains can be identified, so can the people. There are no concepts that can catch up with the murder of children. After all, even Satan has not yet devised the proper vengeance for the death of a child. I have been surprised by the magnitude of the indifference in the Jewish world to the human costs of Israel's defense against the missiles and the tunnels. Some of the e-mails I have received have been lunatic in their lack of compassion. According to a poll by the Israel Democracy Institute, 95 percent of Jewish Israelis believe the war in Gaza is just. It is easy to see why: Self-defense is also a moral duty. But only 4 percent believe that the Israeli military has used excessive force. This makes me queasy. Unanimity, or close to it, is no guarantee of truth. No excessive force, anywhere? There are two ways to interpret my disquiet. The first, a canard of the right, is to view it as a breach of solidarity, as a wobble in hard times. The second, a canard of the left, is to view it as moral complacence, as a cunning form of complicity with what it deplores. Needless to say, I do not regard myself as a turncoat or a pawn. It is not sickening that Israel is defending itself—it is, by the standard of Jewish historical experience, exhilarating; but some of what Israel is doing to defend itself is sickening.
3. Finally here is David Bromwich in Huffington Post, “Actions and Intentions in Gaza,” saying what Ken Roth is saying, that Israel's contempt for the distinction between militants and civilians demonstrates that it has an implicit policy of harming civilians. The Vietnam analogy is extremely helpful.
You do not kill unarmed people in such numbers, and you do not kill women and children on such a scale, when the constantly considered aim of your forces is not to inflict unnecessary injury on civilians. Conversely, when you take the most scrupulous measures to avoid the killing of innocents, it does not turn out that the vast majority of the people you have killed are innocents. Because the pattern admits of no misunderstanding, we should withdraw credence from Netanyahu's profession of his secondary aim: the great care taken against harm to civilians. The facts suggest, rather, a tacit condoning of retaliation against any Palestinian who comes into view. The Netanyahu government has permitted such killing to recur, and at the same time has denied that it is happening. “I'm 60,” saysthe Gazan human rights lawyer Raji Sourani:
“I lived all my entire life in this part of the world, and I'm working in this field for the last 40 years. I attended the last wars, in 2008, 2009 and 2012. I can assure you one thing: Yes, war crimes happened, and entire families have been erased — Samouni, Daya, and others. Houses were destroyed. Civilian targets were targeted. And we documented that. But the scale never, ever was on this level … We never, ever have had entire areas, like Shejaiya, like Khuzaa, like Zanaa, like Beit Hanoun, like Beit Lahia, razed. Doesn't exist anymore. Hundreds of bombs, weighing one ton, dropped on the heads of the people while they are there.”
Coming Soon
If I Hadn't Met You
Eduard, a husband and father who loses his family in a tragic accident, travels to parallel universes to seek a better fate for his beloved wife.
Queer Eye: We're in Japan!
The Fab Five bring their message of self-care and compassion to four Japanese men and women while exploring the country's rich culture and cuisine.
Amy Schumer Growing
Amy Schumer talks marriage, pregnancy, politics and more in a new stand-up special filmed at the Chicago Theatre.
Rudy Ray Moore
When Hollywood shut him out in the 1970s, multi-talented Rudy Ray Moore created his own work, including the well-known blaxploitation film, "Dolemite."
Jupiter's Legacy
When a superhero seizes control of the government, the next generation of heroes must join the new regime or fight back. Based on Mark Millar's comics.
The Emperor of Porn
This biopic follows the tumultuous life of director Toru Muranishi, who revolutionized the porn industry during the economic boom of 1980s Japan.
Twelve Forever
Twelve-year-old Reggie's desire to remain a child is so powerful that it opens up a fantasy world where she never has to grow up.
ReMastered: The Lion's Share
A journalist seeking the author of "The Lion Sleeps Tonight" discovers the story of Solomon Linda and finds his family living in the slums of Soweto.
Each year, some 750,000 Americans are arrested for possession of small amounts of marijuana. Is that really the optimal use of our police force?
In contrast, legalizing and taxing marijuana would bring in substantial sums that could be used to pay for schools, libraries or early childhood education. A Harvard economist, Jeffrey A. Miron, calculates that marijuana could generate $8.7 billion in tax revenue each year if legalized nationally, while legalization would also save the same sum annually in enforcement costs.
Photo
That's a $17 billion swing in the nation's finances — enough to send every 3- and 4-year-old in a poor family to a high-quality preschool. And that's an investment that would improve education outcomes and reduce crime and drug use in the future — with enough left over to pay for an extensive nationwide campaign to discourage drug use.
The second big problem with the drug war is that it has exacerbated poverty and devastated the family structure of African-Americans. Partly that's because drug laws are enforced inequitably. Black and Latino men are much more likely than whites to be stopped and searched and, when drugs are found, prosecuted.
Here in Los Angeles , blacks are arrested for marijuana possession at seven times the rate whites are, according to a study by the Drug Policy Alliance, which favors legalization. Yet surveys consistently find that young whites use marijuana at higher rates than young blacks.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Partly because of drug laws, a black man now has a one-in-three chance of serving time in prison at some point in his life, according to the Sentencing Project, a group that seeks reform in the criminal justice system. This makes it more difficult for black men to find jobs, more difficult for black women to find suitable husbands, and less common for black children to grow up in stable families with black male role models. So, sure, drugs have devastated black communities — but the remedy of criminal sentencing has made the situation worse.
The third problem with our drug policy is that it creates crime and empowers gangs. “The only groups that benefit from continuing to keep marijuana illegal are the violent gangs and cartels that control its distribution and reap immense profits from it through the black market,” a group of current and former police officers, judges and prosecutors wrote last month in an open letter to voters in California.
I have no illusions about drugs. One of my childhood friends in Yamhill, Ore., pretty much squandered his life by dabbling with marijuana in ninth grade and then moving on to stronger stuff. And yes, there's some risk that legalization would make such dabbling more common. But that hasn't been a significant problem in Portugal, which decriminalized drug use in 2001.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Likewise, medical marijuana laws approved in 1996 have in effect made pot accessible to any adult in California, without any large increase in usage. Special medical clinics abound where for about $45 you can see a doctor who is certain to give you the medical recommendation that you need to buy marijuana. Then you can visit Mr. Kim and choose one of his 31 varieties, topping out at a private “OG” brand that costs $75 for one-eighth of an ounce. “It's like a fine wine, cured, aged, dried,” he boasted.
Or browse the online offerings. One store advertises: “refer a friend, get free joint.” And the world hasn't ended.
One advantage of our federal system is that when we have a failed policy, we can grope for improvements by experimenting at the state level. I hope California will lead the way on Tuesday by legalizing marijuana.
British and European politicians are plotting to block the UK's exit from the EU.
On a chaotic day in which the Labour Party went into meltdown, a campaign was started to force a second referendum.
Tony Blair, Nicola Sturgeon, some pro-Remain MPs and a senior German official said a rethink was needed now the consequences of quitting the Brussels club were clear.
They were joined by Sir Richard Branson, who has called on Parliament to take a second look at the EU referendum result.
The Virgin Group founder accused Leave voters of opening 'a Pandora's Box of negative consequences' for Britain based on 'false promises' by the Boris Johnson-led Brexit campaign.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon delivered the most explicit threat – saying Scottish MSPs have to give their 'legislative consent' and she would advise them to veto it
Tony Blair was among those said a rethink was needed now the consequences of quitting the Brussels club were clear
It came as at least 21 Labour frontbenchers resigned in a bid to replace Jeremy Corbyn with a pro-EU party leader.
The plotters hope a general election can be held later this year before the start of the formal process of quitting. Last Thursday's referendum could then be reversed.
In further developments:
Theresa May prepared to take on Boris Johnson for the right to win the race to succeed David Cameron as prime minister within the new few months;
Mr Corbyn, who sacked Hilary Benn for disloyalty, claimed he was going nowhere, despite failing to even secure the backing of his own deputy, Tom Watson;
George Osborne announced he will give a statement today to 'provide reassurance about financial and economic stability';
The Chancellor, who had not been seen since the referendum result, is to stay in post to 'protect the national interest';
In a surprise move, talks have also begun for him to join a Boris Johnson leadership 'dream ticket' alongside Michael Gove;
A petition calling for a second referendum was placed under investigation after 77,000 signatures were found to be fraudulent.
Meanwhile, top figures in Brussels have questioned whether Britain will ever quit the union, with a senior diplomat saying the divorce process will probably be delayed and then ditched.
Iain Duncan Smith said the Europhiles were 'bad losers' yesterday.
Mr Duncan Smith said the bid by the political elite to frustrate the will of the people was an 'anti-democratic joke'.
'There is a lot of bad losing here from the Europhiles,' the former Tory leader told the Mail. 'This was one of the biggest turnouts since the war and there is no justification for a second referendum whatsoever.'
But Philip Hammond, who campaigned for Remain, insisted yesterday that Britain would have to sign up again to the European single market or face catastrophic consequences.
Sir Richard Branson (pictured) also called on Parliament to take a second look at the EU referendum result
Left: Peter Altmaier said that, if Britain left, it would be 'a difficult watershed with many consequences'. Right: Labour MP David Lammy called on Parliament to 'stop this madness'
Iain Duncan Smith said the Europhiles were 'bad losers' and the bid by the political elite to frustrate the will of the people was an 'anti-democratic joke'
The Foreign Secretary said this could mean having to accept continued freedom of movement.
A string of senior figures in Britain and Europe yesterday attempted to undermine the democratic will of the British people by sabotaging Brexit.
BRUSSELS DON'T BELIEVE THE UK WILL GO THROUGH WITH DIVORCE Top figures in Brussels don't believe Britain will go through with leaving the EU, with diplomats questioning whether the UK will ever trigger the formal divorce process. A country leaving the union must formally notify the European Council, setting the clock ticking on a two-year period to negotiate its split. But a senior EU diplomat said last night that he believes the UK will never actual embark on the move and will end up staying in the union. 'We want London to trigger Article 50 now, to have clarity. I expect, as we can't force them, for them to take their time,' the diplomat said. 'And I would not exclude, it's my personal belief, that they may never do it.'
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon delivered the most explicit threat – saying Scottish MSPs have to give their 'legislative consent' and she would advise them to veto it.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel's chief of staff said politicians should 'have the possibility to reconsider the consequences of an exit'.
Peter Altmaier said that, if Britain left, it would be 'a difficult watershed with many consequences'.
He added that Britain could apply to rejoin the EU later 'but that would take a long time'.
Tony Blair also said a second referendum on the UK's membership should not be ruled out.
He said the nation needs to 'see the consequences' of Brexit as they play out in the coming weeks.
The former prime minister said it was difficult to see a second poll at the moment, but 'there will be a lot of people in the country who will say 'let's have a look at this and see what we are going to do' and Parliament will want to look at it.'
Tory grandee and arch Europhile Lord Heseltine said he was appalled by the result of the referendum with voters 'sold a fool's promise'.
He also suggested there will need to be a general election in order for Parliament to sign off on Brexit.
Philip Hammond, who campaigned for Remain, insisted yesterday that Britain would have to sign up again to the European single market or face catastrophic consequences
'Every indication is that there is a 350 majority in the House of Commons in favour of remaining in Europe,' Lord Heseltine said.
'The only realistic prospect of persuading the House of Commons to pass amending legislation would be after a general election or another referendum.
'That is why the fight back begins today.'
Writing on his blog, Sir Richard - an active campaigner for Britain staying in the EU during the referendum campaign - urged the public to keep up the pressure on MPs to hold a second referendum on Britain's EU membership and said Parliament should consider a re-run.
He wrote: 'The decision over the UK's future was based on false promises that pushed a minority of the UK's total voting population (17 million out of 46 million) to vote the way it did.
'Two years before Brexit will even become reality, according to EU rules, it is already having massive consequences on the UK economy, and on society. Brexit has fractured the country more than any other event in recent memory.
'Based on the misrepresentation made by the Leave campaign, Parliament needs to take the petition of more than three million people to call for a new referendum seriously. The alternative is to watch a rapid decline of Britain's health and wellbeing.'
Labour MP David Lammy called on Parliament to 'stop this madness' and to vote against the decision to leave the EU.
In a statement on his Twitter feed, the former minister said: 'Wake up. We do not have to do this.'
Tim Farron, the Liberal Democrat leader, said his party would not 'roll over and give up' over the issue, pledging to fight the next general election on a manifesto promise to take Britain back into the EU.
Lord Heseltine (left) said he was appalled by the result of the referendum with voters 'sold a fool's promise'. Tim Farron (right), Liberal Democrat leader, said his party would not 'roll over and give up'
The hopes of some Europhiles have been raised by the fact that Mr Cameron has not triggered so-called article 50.
This is the formal mechanism which a country must use to give Brussels two years' notice of its intention to quit the EU.
During the bruising referendum campaign, the PM said he would invoke article 50 immediately in the event of a Brexit vote, but has failed to do so.
At a special Cabinet meeting today, there will be 'initial discussions about the administrative process needed to move forward'. But No 10 insiders said 'decisions around Article 50 are a decision for the next PM'.
Mark Scheifele is enjoying watching the success of the Toronto Maple Leafs in the playoffs.
The Winnipeg Jets centre is using it as inspiration that his youthful team complete the same type of turnaround the Maple Leafs' have enjoyed this season.
“We want to be that team,” Scheifele said in an interview with Postmedia. “You see that any team can go on that run. You see that a team can go from last to the playoffs, and that's something that we have to strive for.
"We can't look at ourselves as young or inexperienced. Toronto did that and they're just as young as we are. We have to believe in ourselves. Just missing out on the playoffs can't be satisfactory. We have to be better than that.”
The 24-year-old is coming off the best season of his career, posting 32 goals and 50 assists in 79 games. He ranked seventh in the NHL with 82 points.
He told Postmedia he would have liked to time up his individual success with the success of his team.
“It's tough,” said Scheifele. “You want the team to do well, but you look at your overall success and you weigh that with the team's success. You have to take the subtle victories. Obviously, you always have to be optimistic. Once you start getting negative, things aren't going to go good for you. But you do get frustrated.
The Jets finished the 2016-17 season on a seven-game win streak to boost their record to 40-35-7 on the year. Winnipeg finished as the top Western Conference team to miss the playoffs.
“You want to win and you want to win now," the Kitchener, On. native said. "Obviously, this league is a really good league and it's tough to make the playoffs. A lot of good teams don't make the playoffs every year, but for me, you can't get frustration fully into your head, because you always have to keep working and pushing.
“That's something that our team has to realize. It's not management, but as players we have to know that we can't be complacent with either individual success or just going through the motions.”
Through 306 career NHL games, Scheifele owns 90 goals and 227 points. The 24-year-old had one assist in his lone career playoff series, a four-game sweep by the Anaheim Ducks in 2015.
For some inexplicable reason COBOL doesn't get much love from LtU. But COBOL turns 50 some time this year and we owe a tip of the hat to this venerable language behind so many large institutions.
The Guardian understands.
According to Michael Coughlan, a lecturer at the University of Limerick, one of Cobol's perceived drawbacks is its verbosity. But he reckons that's also one of its strengths. "It's not just a write-only language," he says. "You can come back years later and understand the code."
This opinion is shared by Mike Gilpin, of Forrester, who is an ex-Cobol programmer. "Cobol is one of the few languages written in the last 50 years that's readable and understandable," he says. And he's scathing about the readability of more fashionable languages, such as PHP and Java: "Modern programming languages are ridiculously hard to understand."
Exhale, the new album from Canadian Christian rock band A Thousand Foot Krutch, arrives at No. 1 on Top Christian Albums, selling 14,000 copies in its launch sales week, ending June 23, according to Nielsen Music.
On the all-genre consumption chart, the Billboard 200, Exhale debuts at No. 34, and simultaneously, starts at No. 2 on Hard Rock Albums and No. 6 on Top Rock Albums.
For A Thousand Foot Krutch, the 12-song Exhalation, which is the sequel to their 2014 set Oxygen: Inhale, is their third Top Christian Albums leader. Oxygen bowed at the summit, selling 19,000 copies, and their 2012 album, The End Is Where We Begin, opened at No. 1 with 23,000, the band's biggest sales week to date.
Concurrently on Top Christian Albums, Keith & Kristyn Getty's new set of hymns, Facing a Task Unfinished, launches at No. 4. The set sold 5,000 copies -- the Northern Ireland couple's strongest start to date. Of their seven Top Christian Albums appearances, the previous best was their 2012 album, Hymns for the Christian Life, which debuted at No. 7, with 3,000 copies sold.
On Top Gospel Albums, Deon Kipping's LP Something to Talk About bounds onto the list at No. 1, shifting 2,000 copies, marking the first No. 1 album for the contemporary gospel singer. All of his three Top Gospel Albums appearances have arrived in the top 10; I Just Want to Hear You, from 2012, debuted at No. 6 (3,000), followed by this year's EP, Place Called Victory, which began at No. 10 (600 copies, Jan. 30).
Over on the Christian Airplay chart, Aaron Shust's, “Ever Be” hops 11-10 (up 1 percent in spins in the week ending June 26) in its 24th week notching the artist his sixth top 10, and his first since his 2011 No. 1, “My Hope Is in You.”
Finally, on the Gospel Airplay chart, Alexis Spight's “It Will Be Alright” surges 19 percent and hurdles 13-9. It's her second single to enter the chart's upper tier, following the No. 5-peaking “All the Glory,” from 2015
Licensed gun owners would be allowed to openly carry their weapons and take them on state college campuses under two bills passed by the Florida House.Both were passed Wednesday after contentious debate.Download the WPBF 25 News app: IOS | AndroidOne would also allow lawmakers to carry concealed weapons onto their chamber's floor and in committee meetings.Republicans supported the bills with arguments that they protect gun owners' constitutional rights and make the state safer. Democrats argued just the opposite, saying the bills would create public safety risks.Two other gun bills were sent to Gov. Rick Scott on unanimous votes. The first would ban recreational use of guns in densely settled neighborhoods.The other would change Florida's 10-20-life law that sets mandatory minimum sentences for crimes involving guns.It would give judges flexibility when sentencing people convicted of aggravated assault.
Licensed gun owners would be allowed to openly carry their weapons and take them on state college campuses under two bills passed by the Florida House.
Both were passed Wednesday after contentious debate.
Download the WPBF 25 News app: IOS | Android
Advertisement
One would also allow lawmakers to carry concealed weapons onto their chamber's floor and in committee meetings.
Republicans supported the bills with arguments that they protect gun owners' constitutional rights and make the state safer. Democrats argued just the opposite, saying the bills would create public safety risks.
Two other gun bills were sent to Gov. Rick Scott on unanimous votes. The first would ban recreational use of guns in densely settled neighborhoods.
The other would change Florida's 10-20-life law that sets mandatory minimum sentences for crimes involving guns.
It would give judges flexibility when sentencing people convicted of aggravated assault.
AlertMe
On his show yesterday, Christian radio host Rick Wiles (below) told his listening audience that there's an upside to the Ebola outbreak:
Now this Ebola epidemic could become a global pandemic and that's another name for plague. It may be the great attitude adjustment that I believe is coming. Ebola could solve America's problems with atheism, homosexuality, sexual promiscuity, pornography, and abortion. If Ebola becomes a global plague, you better make sure the blood of Jesus is upon you. You better make sure you have been marked by the angels so that you are protected by God. If not, you may be a candidate to meet the Grim Reaper.
Who knew the cure for Ebola was spreading some Jesus all over your body?!
You know, if that were true, you would think the African nations where the virus is spreading would be protected, given all the Christian missionaries who visit them…
Episode 7 - Ramblings of Cycling Fanatics
In this rambling episode of Grupetto Chat, Rik, Michael, and Isabel spend way too much time off topic, but somehow make it all tie together.
Make sure you follow us on all sorts of social media to stay up to date
Get in Touch With Us
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Reddit
Website: www.grupetto.chat
Email: GrupettoChat@gmail.com
Subscribe to get our show as soon as it's out
Google Play Music Podcasts (US & CAN only)
Show Notes
Race Recaps
Philadelphia International Cycling Classic
Philadelphia International Cycling Classic WWT
Tour of Luxembourg
News of the Week
Gilbert is back and in form
Chris Horner Bike Slam
Henao is back
Shownotes
Koen de Kort trash talks Froomey
Dutch Olympic Selection
Neal Rogers article on US Olympic Selection
On board Bouhanni Leadout
Leadout at the Philly Bike Race
Even if you don't know the difference between a Pikachu and a Pac-Man, chances are you've heard of GamerGate. While GamerGate has been raging for over a month, it officially hit the mainstream last week when The New York Times featured it on its front page. GamerGate has also been covered by mainstream publishers like The New Yorker, PBS and NPR in recent weeks, proving that it has become too big to ignore.
But what is GamerGate and why is everyone talking about it? Here's a brief 101.
Seriously, WTF is GamerGate?
GamerGate is the name given to an ongoing “movement” in the online games community. While it ostensibly started over concerns about the ethical corruption of video game journalism, it has very quickly become a window into the evolving state of gaming culture and the shifting identity of the “gamer” as well. The #gamergate hash tag was popularized by actor Adam Baldwin.
So who are these GamerGate people, and what do they want?
GamerGate proponents have a handful of concerns. Video game reviewers are too close to their subjects, GamerGaters say, which affects their ability to cover games fairly. This is a common criticism of the industry. The movement is also concerned by the influence of social-agenda-driven journalists, whom they say are using video games to push their own feminist and racial agendas.
That's the saner side of it, anyway. On the other side of the GamerGate movement are harassment, some blatant misogyny and some increasingly wild conspiracy theories — all of which have dominated GamerGate coverage, for better or for worse.
The bottom line is that GamerGate is closer to an uncoordinated mob than a true movement, which is why it has been so hard to pin down what its members actually want.
How did this whole thing start?
While many of the issues around GamerGate have been percolating for a while, the whole thing can be pinned to a few recent events. In August, Eron Gonji wrote a lengthy post about his relationship with indie game developer Zoe Quinn, whom Gonji said had a romantic relationship with a freelance games reporter in exchange for positive press. While the claims were never proven (sites like Kotaku never ran reviews of Quinn's game), gamers were upset that the Gonji-Quinn situation didn't get much attention from the gaming press.
There has also been a lot of criticism of feminist critic Anita Sarkeesian, creator of “Tropes Vs. Women in Video Games,” which examines the many unfavorable ways that female characters are portrayed in video games.
So it's gaming nerds on one side and women on the other?
That's one way to look at it. One prevailing take on the movement is that it's what happens when the preferred hobby of a small-but-vocal subset of awkward male loners feels threatened as their hobby expands to new audiences, particularly women. (Three of GamerGate's biggest targets — Anita Sarkeesian, Zoe Quinn and Brianna Wu — are all women.) This misogyny, observers say, has taken the guise of the “official” Gamergate stance against games journalism corruption.
This is the angle most mainstream media stories about GamerGate have taken, a reality that has given the GamerGate crowd something else to further their cause. Some GamerGaters even went as far as to document GamerGate coverage with an entire spreadsheet focused on “Tracking the Anti-Male Cabal in Gaming Journalism.”
This just sounds like just another day on the Internet. What's the big deal?
There's violence — or at least the threat of it. Anita Sarkeesian cancelled a talk at Utah State University last week after an email promised “the deadliest school shooting in American history” if she spoke. Both Quinn and fellow game developer Brianna Wu have also been the recipients of death threats.
Even gaming sites have been afraid of getting on GamerGate's bad side. “How do you condemn a mob without drawing attention to that same mob?” wrote Christopher Grant, editor-in-chief of Vox Media site Polygon on Friday. “For many of our staff, myself included, GamerGate presented enough of a perceived danger that we were scared for ourselves and our families.”
Sounds bad for brands. And publishers.
It is. Intel got pulled into the center of it last week after complaints from “readers” forced it to yank its advertising from video game industry site Gamasutra. “We take feedback from our customers very seriously especially as it relates to contextually relevant content and placements,” an Intel spokesperson told ReCode.
Those complaints, however, weren't completely organic, and came as a result of a GamerGate campaign called “Operation Respectful Nod”, which was aimed at getting advertisers to pull their advertising from so-called “social justice warrior” sites. And while Intel realized it was duped, it still stuck with its decision to stop advertising on Gamasutra.
And that site is not alone. Other game sites like Gawker-owned Kotaku, Polygon and Wired have also been Gamergate targets in recent weeks. Recent anti-gamer tweets even prompted a staff memo from Gawker editorial director Joel Johnson, who cautioned Gawker writers against being too liberal with insults on Twitter.
Gawker writers weren't fond of the message Johnson was sending. “I understand that a certain amount of realpolitik is necessary for maintaining cordial relationships with our advertisers,” write Deadspin editor Tommy Craggs in response to Johnson's memo, “and that it's easy for me to be righteous when for the most part I'm cosseted from any hard considerations, but the memo and the apology … seemed to cross some sort of editorial Rubicon.”
Are the tactics working?
Yes, actually. While GamerGate has obviously spooked advertisers and activists, it has also created some changes at media companies as well. Gaming sites like Kotaku and The Escapist are all drafting or revising their ethics policies with stipulations that prevent writers from covering gaming projects they've funded via crowdsourcing platforms like Patreon.
So what does this mean for the industry?
It's growing pains, really. Video games as an industry are growing up, both in form and audience. As established game companies like Electronic Arts and newer upstarts like Rovio reach out to more customers, they're also changing the definition of what a “gamer” is and, in some cases, making the distinction irrelevant.
“Today, videogames are for everyone,” wrote games journalist and critic Dan Golding. “I mean this in an almost destructive way. Videogames, to read the other side of the same statement, are not for you. You do not get to own videogames. No one gets to own videogames when they are for everyone. They add up to more than any one group.”
Shares 41 Google+ LinkedIn Print
The sitcom Red Dwarf has an episode where the crew boarded a derelict ship and discovered the remains of research into positive viruses, like luck, inspiration, and sexual magnetism. Scientists are finding that the writers were correct: some infections can increase your attractiveness.
The Sexual Magnetism Virus
Red Dwarf – Quarantine. © BBC TV / BBC Worldwide. Uploaded under the UK Fair Dealing provision for Criticism, review and reporting current events
The sexual magnetism virus has already been discovered, and it has a name. It's called the Cucumber Mosaic Virus, but you don't have to be a cucumber to catch it. Sadly, you do have to be a plant.
Cucumber Mosaic Virus infects a lot of plants, but when it does it's bad news. It seriously harms the plant, stunting its growth and damaging its fruits. Yet it's also difficult to remove. For some reason, it's really infectious, and now we might know why. The virus changes the smell of a plant's flowers, making them much more attractive to pollinators.
Dr. John Carr, Head of Cambridge's Virology and Molecular Plant Pathology group said: “We were surprised that bees liked the smell of the plants infected with the virus – it made no sense. You'd think the pollinators would prefer a healthy plant. However, modelling suggested that if pollinators were biased towards diseased plants in the wild, this could short-circuit natural selection for disease resistance.”
By getting more pollinators to the sick plants, the virus is making the bees select the most suitable hosts for the next generation of virus. The reduced seed set isn't so much a problem if the plants are getting pollinated much more often. The virus is effectively breeding a variety of plant to produce more suitable victims.
The way the virus works is through ‘volatiles': these are the chemical scents that plants produce in their flowers. Get the chemistry right, and your flower is irresistible to passing pollinators like bees. However, it's not just the flowers that give off volatiles. Research just published has looked at microbes living in the flower nectar, and found that attraction could also be the result of a yeast infection.
The Sexual Magnetism Yeast Infection
Yeasts are single-celled fungi and the organisms that convert sugar into alcohol, giving Holsten Pils its distinctive second-hand taste. Nectar is basically a sugary soup, so it's perfect. Or at least it would be, if it weren't such a temporary environment. These habitats don't last long, so as soon as yeast arrives in the nectar, it needs to start working on hitching a lift back out. What Caitlin Rering and her colleagues have found is that it's not just the flowers that work to attract pollinators. The yeast is signalling too.
The team tested a variety of microbes inhabiting nectar, including Metschnikowia reukaufii, a yeast that specialises in nectar and relies on pollinators to move it from one flower to another. They did this by collecting bees, feeding them to make sure they were healthy and then starving them for two hours, so they could be sure they were ready for a meal. They then provided them with sugar solutions with either nothing special, or various microbes in it – which would be signalling.
On the whole, the bees preferred their sugar solution uninfected, with one exception. Sugar solution containing the Metschnikowia reukaufii yeast was more attractive than the control sample. Whatever scent the yeast was giving off, it was attracting the attention of the bees.
At the moment the research is in the early stages, so Rering's team are open to the idea that Metschnikowia reukaufii isn't so much attractive as not giving off something repulsive to bees like other microbes might. Still, it looks like plants can be made more attractive if scientists can work out what a suitable infection for a plant is. That might sound like something only a microbiologist could be interested in, but it could have an impact across agriculture.
Why Do We Need Sexy Plants?
While he has no desire to infect plants with the current Cucumber Mosaic Virus, John Carr is eager to learn the way it works. “Better understanding the natural chemicals that attract bees could provide ways of enhancing pollination, and attracting bees to good sources of pollen and nectar – which they need for survival,” he said.
The payback is that when you attract the bees, you also help target pollination to the plants that matter to you. Enhanced pollination could help improve crop yield and bring down the price of a lot more than cucumbers and tomatoes in your local supermarket.
We tend to think of infections as malevolent. That's no surprise when they tend to make us feel unwell as they use our bodies for their own means. However, it's better to think of them as selfish. That means they're capable of having some positive effects, if it serves their own means. We've domesticated animals and plants. Is Red Dwarf right to suggest the next step is to domesticate microbes and infections?
You can find out more about Red Dwarf, including where and how to watch it at the Official Site.
Your web browsing patterns say a lot about you.
Liderina/Thinkstock
This week President Trump signed a congressional resolution to repeal protections—scheduled to go into effect in December 2017—that would have prevented internet service providers like Comcast, AT&T, and Verizon from collecting, mining, and selling customer information without permission. Internet providers have sought to assure customers their privacy will still be protected. Comcast, for example, wrote that it has “no plans” to “sell our broadband customers' individual web browsing history.”
But let's be clear: Despite such declarations, letting internet providers monetize sensitive web browsing data is bad for consumers.
Let's leave aside the fact that “no plans” is not the same as “never will,” and that selling a specific individual's history is—despite stunts trying to buy records for members of Congress—an admittedly unlikely outcome. More worrisome is the possibility that governments order internet providers to turn over their records in certain cases. The Federal Communications Commission rules would not have stopped the government from requesting data from ISPs, of course—but ISPs collect a lot more information precisely because they can monetize it, making it accessible to law enforcement. Though such requests for information might first be justified by national security, it's not hard to imagine a world in which routine government background checks involve scrutinizing a job applicant's online behavior. Data breaches carried out by domestic or foreign hackers, or by disgruntled employees, are an even more immediate threat to collecting and storing sensitive web records, exposing users to blackmail and scams.
In the near term, internet providers may monetize web browsing records by selling anonymized user data to advertisers in bulk. It's unlikely, however, that these companies would be able to fully decouple browsing records from personal details. In a paper to be presented this week, we show—in collaboration with our Stanford colleagues Jessica Su and Ansh Shukla—that “anonymous” web browsing records often contain an indelible mark of one's identity. We recruited nearly 400 users to send us their web browsing data stripped of any overt personal identifiers. In 70 percent of cases we could identify the individual from their web history alone.
Proponents of deregulation argue that companies like Google and Facebook, which are not internet providers, were never barred from collecting and selling user data. FCC Chairman Ajit Pai decried this inconsistency as improper government intrusion in “picking winners and losers.” But Pai's sentiment is misguided. Leveling the playing field by dismantling online privacy is a convoluted way to help consumers. It would be better to hold all companies to a higher standard, limiting the scale and scope of the data they can collect, store, and sell—protections that are already mandated in the European Union.
Internet providers also hold a unique position in the web ecosystem: They are the gateway to online activity, and there are few practical steps consumers can take to prevent surveillance. For example, using a virtual private network, or VPN, simply shifts privacy concerns from internet to VPN providers. In contrast, we found that consumers can employ ad blockers and other browser tools to prevent companies like Google and Facebook from tracking their online behavior.
Further, one-third of Americans have no choice in internet provider. When given a choice in online services, many do opt for privacy: The nontracking search engine DuckDuckGo has millions of users, and privacy worries likely contributed to the meteoric rise of social networks such as Snapchat and messaging apps like Signal. When competition is limited and the market doesn't address consumer needs, government regulation is a natural solution.
Some insist that stricter regulation of internet companies would break the web. They claim that without detailed data on individuals, online advertising would be less effective, and less effective ads would mean less revenue for website operators, forcing sites out of business and ultimately hurting consumers. The reality, though, is complicated. In another recent study—with Ceren Budak, Justin Rao, and Giorgos Zervas—we show that highly targeted banner ads are not as big a source of revenue as one might expect. Many online news sites indeed recognize the limits of targeted advertising and have started charging readers for premium access. (Slate, for instance, has a membership program called Slate Plus.) Reasonable privacy policies won't fundamentally alter the economics of the web.
One bright spot in the impending repeal is that website operators may be catalyzed to take simple and long overdue steps to improve user privacy and security. For example, adult sites have already started to encrypt traffic to their domains, masking information from internet providers and other snoopers. A free and easy-to-use tool called HTTPS Everywhere ensures browsers use encryption when possible, even when sites don't enable it by default. Though a welcome change, encryption is a partial solution: Internet providers can still record visits to sites, they just can't monitor what users view there.
Online privacy regulation is unlikely to improve in the current political climate. Absent government intervention, the burden is on consumers to demand internet providers and websites respect their privacy.
There's fresh reason to worry about hackers invading your privacy and making a grab for your money and health records.
At the very moment hacking is expanding exponentially, analysts said, there are hundreds of thousands of cybersecurity jobs left unfilled in the U.S. The extent of this problem is the subject of debate; the estimated tally of vacancies ranges from 100,000 to 350,000, with as many as 45,000 in California.
“The cybersecurity industry does not have the best track record when it comes to quantification,” said Stephen Cobb, a senior researcher in the San Diego office of ESET, a digital security company.
A lot of the blame is being placed on academia for failing to train large numbers of students with the targeted skills. Industry and government officials are being criticized as well for failing to define their needs more clearly — a key component for helping colleges solve the labor shortage.
Cybersecurity also has an image problem. The field pays well, but many computer-science students would rather create new products and technologies for Apple and Google than design and operate systems that spot, resist and mitigate a widening variety of attacks.
“Computer science is sexy. Cyber isn't,” said P.K. Agarwal, regional dean of Northeastern University's Silicon Valley campuses, which teach cybersecurity.
“Cybersecurity can be a high-stress job where you can get fired if things go wrong, and no one pats you on the back if there were no problems overnight,” he added.
The staffing shortage is serious enough that “The next president should … train 100,000 new cybersecurity practitioners by 2020,” the Commission on Enhancing National Cybersecurity said on Dec. 1.
The shortage also means “you'll see more things like the Tesco attack, which targeted bank accounts (in England), and a greater risk to health-care records and everyday devices like your phone,” said John Callahan, director of cybersecurity programs at the University of San Diego. “In the digital age, this is potentially the greatest period of risk that consumers have ever faced.”
There's special concern about ransomware, a type of malicious software that hackers can use to remotely take control of computers, including those in automobiles. In most cases, victims have paid money — from hundreds to tens of thousands of dollars — to regain control. For example, hackers carried out such an attack against Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center in February, forcing the hospital to pay $17,000 in ransom.
The U.S. Justice Department estimates there are about 4,000 attempted ransomware attacks each day against individuals, companies and the government, and that many of them are successful.
“Based on FBI statistics, bank robbery in the U.S. is a $40 million a year problem, whereas cyber criminals using ransomware are making over $200 million per quarter,” said Cobb at ESET.
“And while a handful of bank robbers are shot dead every year, there are no reports of cyber criminals ever being killed in the commission of a crime,” he added.
The federal government and the military began to significantly ramp up their efforts to fight cyberattacks about a decade ago. Security firms and a wide range of companies did the same.
The results have been mixed.
Analysts said most cyberattacks, including some pretty sophisticated ones, are blocked or minimized. But hackers have quickly adapted to every method used to stop them, leading to damaging and embarrassing breaches amid an ongoing game of cat and mouse.
Earlier this year, hackers stole digital spying tools thought to belong to the super-secret National Security Agency. Hackers also stole data from the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton's campaign in an apparent attempt to influence the presidential election.
In late November, a hacker disabled the fare system for the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency, forcing it to give commuters free rides until proper operations were restored.
Experts said these kinds of intrusions underscore the need to develop a huge professional class of cyber professionals — and to market the field as a noble and dynamic domain where well-regarded, highly valued specialists defend precious assets and protect the public's safety.
“Some people think of cyber as the I.T. guy, which is wrong,” said Callahan at the University of San Diego.
While the staffing estimates vary, analysts agree on the huge need for qualified workers in the cyber industry.
Northeastern University's Agarwal estimates there are 100,000 of these unfilled jobs nationwide. Peninsula Press, a journalism program at Stanford University, puts the figure at 209,000. Cyber Seek, an industry-government coalition, said the number could be about 350,000 when including positions that require at least some cyber abilities.
The job descriptions range from security analysts to network engineers to software developers to risk managers. Some lower-level positions pay as much as $70,000 per year, and management positions can hit $235,000 or higher.
Universities are beginning to rush in with training programs — including USD, which now offers a master's degree in the field, and San Diego State University, whose homeland security program deals heavily with cybersecurity.
Experts are eager to see the applicant pool widen, and they're looking for specific types of candidates.
“The best cybersecurity professionals think like criminals,” said Domini Clark, an Idaho-based recruiter at the recruiting company Decision Toolbox. “The joke in the industry is that superstars have an ‘evil bit' in the code of their personalities. They know better than to have a high-profile online presence. ‘Paranoid' is too strong a word, but they tend to be hyper-cautious and some take pride in operating in ‘stealth mode.'”
Those people tend to be coveted, so low-ball employment offers just don't work.
A WOMAN accused of having sex with a dog in an online video is now behind bars.
Cops raided Amy Graves' home following a tip off about footage showing the alleged vile session.
Chris Murphy Media 3 Amy Graves, a photographer, could face up to 10 years in jail if convicted after being charged with having unnatural intercourse with a dog
Mydrim Jones 3 Police said that the alleged crime involving Graves and the dog took place within the last year
The 43-year-old has been charged with unnatural intercourse with a dog, and could be jailed for 10 years if convicted.
Graves, of Hattiesburg, Mississippi, USA, was arrested yesterday by Lamar County Sheriff's deputies.
Sheriff Danny Rigel said: “This is a tip that came through crime stoppers.
“We have video evidence of the crime occurring that was posted online, which led us to the search and arrest warrant.”
He said it was not the first time he has seen such a case, but it was a "very rare" occurrence.
Mydrim Jones 3 Sheriff Danny Rigel said that cops were tipped off through a crimes stoppers line which led to the arrest of Amy Graves
RELATED STORIES DOG ROMPER NABBED Landscape gardener, 61, arrested after he was 'caught on CCTV having sex with his client's DOG' DEPRAVED Mum-of-two who 'pimped out girl, 6, to firefighter clown who took explicit photos' busted in child porn ring 'DOG SEX' WARRANT Woman 'filmed performing sex act on a DOG in sickening bestiality footage' is hunted by cops NO LAUGHING MATTER Firefighter clown arrested for 'having sex with dog and sharing child abuse images' cop dog sex arrest Cop accused of filming himself having sex with a small dog now 'caught' with child porn BESTIALITY PAEDO Perv who begged '13-year-old' to perform sex act on a DOG is snared by vigilantes after 200-mile journey
Graves, a photographer, was booked into Lamar County Jail to await her first court appearance.
She will have to register as a sex offender if found guilty.
The breed of the pooch has not been revealed, but it has been left with family members, said Sheriff Rigel.
The alleged crime took place within the last year, he added.
This is not the first disturbing case of a human allegedly having sex with a dog.
Sick James Aaron Laity, 34, encouraged his pet Staffordshire bull terrier to perform a sex act on a woman he raped.
Florida resident Bradley Hubbard was also accused of having sex with his pitbull, with a woman claiming there had been more than 100 offences.
Firefighting clown Zackery Blaine Perry in Oklahoma was alleged to have had sex with a canine, and American landscape gardener Cruz Barrera-Lugo, 61, has been charged with bestiality after he reportedly “participated in a lewd sexual act” with a family's pet pooch.
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368
After teasing the existence of a UFC sequel on Twitter yesterday, EA have now confirmed its existence. Aptly titled UFC 2, the sequel is set to build and improve upon its predecessor. In a brand-new video, available below, it is explained that the team at EA focused on fan feedback, and the areas of the original game that perhaps didn't hold up so well. The team at EA “made it a priority to sharpen the fundamentals,” leading to what is described as “the smoothest and most responsive set of moments ever available in an MMA game.”
There's a mention of challenges, sparring sessions and mid-fight feedback, all geared towards improving the player's performance inside the Octagon. Although not explored in much detail, it's also mentioned that there will be a host of new offline and online modes to keep all players engaged. Finally, new animations are set to improve upon an already stunning looking game, with deep character customization, too.
A description reads: “EA SPORTS UFC 2 innovates with stunning character likeness and animation, adds an all new Knockout Physics System and authentic gameplay features, and invites all fighters to step back into the Octagon to experience the thrill of finishing the fight. From the walkout to the knockout, EA SPORTS UFC 2 delivers a deep, authentic, and exciting experience.”
UFC 2 is coming to PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in Spring 2016. To keep up to date with all UFC 2 news, add yourself to the mailing list here.
Bernie Sanders in Vermont during the presidential campaign. (Jacquelyn Martin/AP)
For all Sen. Bernie Sanders's talk of a political revolution in Congress and statehouses, we haven't seen much evidence one is happening. But something did go down Tuesday night in Rhode Island's statehouse primaries that's worth pausing to look at: Six Democratic incumbents, including the General Assembly's majority leader, lost their primaries. Four lost to progressive-backed candidates. To better understand what happened, and why — and whether we can attribute it to Sanders in any way — The Fix spoke with Patrick Anderson, a political reporter with the Providence Journal. Our conversation has been lightly edited for length and clarity.
THE FIX: So six Democratic incumbents lost their primaries Tuesday. Did you see this coming?
ANDERSON: It was more than we expected. The majority leader going down is the big one. We knew his race was going to be close, but it's always a bit of a shock when it actually happens, knowing the power of incumbency and the power of leadership in a state legislature. (Anderson reported that the majority leader lost by 17 votes.)
But in context, six incumbents lost Tuesday. There are 113 members of the General Assembly here in Rhode Island, so it's a very small fraction of all the state lawmakers. Most of the incumbents sailed through without a primary.
So it's not like the progressives blasted out everybody and said, "Off with their heads!" It was upheaval in the context of what we usually see.
One of the winners was a former Bernie Sanders campaign staffer. It's tempting to make the comparison between Sanders's political revolution and what happened here. Can we?
I don't see evidence of any kind of political revolution from four progressive candidates winning a primary. I think the Bernie organization helps create excitement and makes it easier to recruit a couple of good progressive candidates who know what they're doing and can take advantage of weaker conservative candidates when they get the opportunity.
Bernie Sanders himself wasn't a part of any of these races, right?
Correct. Bernie Sanders was not campaigning in Rhode Island for these local races.
[Bernie Sanders really, really wants your help. To defeat Democrats.]
So if not a Sanders revolution, what were the trends going on here?
There were a couple things going on. One, it's a presidential year, so I think the liberal-conservative dynamic [within the Democratic Party] is heightened. And you had the Bernie phenomenon that was definitely a factor in getting progressives energized and strengthening their organization.
It was also very low turnout, so if you do have good organization and a bunch of really motivated folks, they can do a lot when there are so few votes being cast. These are pretty small, low turnout primaries — we're talking neighborhood dynamics.
And in Rhode Island, there's always scandal or the suggestion of corruption, and these past six months have been filled with a pretty good series of scandals or mini-scandals.
And then, starting off the year, Rhode Island passed the first-in-the-nation truck toll. And that had a lot of people riled up and set off the anti-incumbent sentiment.
So what's the takeaway from progressives' showing Tuesday?
As we head to the general election, the argument will shift to: Were these upsets really the state wanting lawmakers to be more liberal? Or were voters just pissed off at incumbents in general and the progressives took advantage of that?
Republicans will try to take advantage of [what happened] in November and say: "It's not a progressive thing at all, it was an anti-incumbent thing, and in we're going to see Democratic incumbents lose to Republicans." (Democrats control both chambers of the Rhode Island General Assembly, but Republicans are looking to make gains.)
Progressives will say, "No, it wasn't an anti-incumbent thing; it was a pro-liberal thing, and Republicans are going to lose like they always do."
RAMALLAH (Ma'an) -- The Palestinian Supreme Court ruled on Monday that local elections would be held in the occupied West Bank, but not in the Gaza Strip.
The court ruled during a
two-hour court hearing in Ramallah
that elections couldn't be held in the besieged Gaza Strip because courts operating there are "illegal."
On Sept. 8, the Supreme Court
that were scheduled to be held on Oct. 8.
The Fatah-controlled Supreme Court said at the time that the decision was in response to several appeals submitted by lawyers challenging the legitimacy of elections that would not include occupied East Jerusalem, stating that any administrative procedure must be conducted in every region of Palestine.
It remained unclear at publishing time whether municipal elections would be held in East Jerusalem, and why the Supreme Court seemingly decided to go back on its previous statement regarding the need to include all the Palestinian territory in the vote.
Lawyer Nael al-Huh, who originally appealed to the Supreme Court to postpone elections, told Ma'an that the court had ruled that certain procedures needed to be taken in the Gaza Strip before elections can be held.
The head of the Palestinian union of lawyers, Hussein Shabana, said the Supreme Court decision meant the Central Elections Commission (CEC) should be ready to hold elections at any given date. In the Gaza Strip, the Palestinian Authority cabinet will set a date for elections if the "context is healthy for elections," Shabana added, without elaborating.
The Hamas movement accused its rival, the Fatah political party, of being behind the Supreme Court decision.
“The judicial order to hold local elections in the West Bank and not in the Gaza Strip is deeply politicized and ordered by the will of Fatah” Hamas said in a statement, claiming that the move was an attempt by Fatah to escape elections after failing to come up with competent electoral list.
Hamas further accused the Palestinian Authority of being biased in favor of Fatah, the party of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, at the expense of the representation of all Palestinian citizens.
Meanwhile, Hamas politburo deputy chief Mousa Abu Marzuq posted on Twitter that the Supreme Court decision was politicized and deepened the fracture in Palestinian politics.
The Palestinian National Initiative (PNI) party also slammed the decision, saying in a statement that the ruling “conflicted with the national and democratic interests of the Palestinian people and stood in the way of holding the first unified elections across the West Bank and Gaza Strip since 2006, which could have opened the door into holding legislative, presidential, and national council elections.”
PNI also asserted that holding unified elections could have encouraged further efforts towards achieving national reconciliation based on democratic participation, adding that the Supreme Court's ruling to exclude the Gaza Strip would only deepen a national conflict that the Palestinian people have long been eager to end.
“We cannot deprive our sons and daughters in Gaza Strip of their natural right to participate in local elections,” the statement said.
According to PNI, the allegations presented by the Supreme Court justifying the exclusion of Gaza from elections were “legally unconvincing,” and proved that the court's order had political motives.
Meanwhile, the left-wing Palestinian People's Party (PPP) said in a statement that the Supreme Court's ruling reflected the current crises facing the Palestinian political system, which impacted the Palestinian people's daily reality on a social, political, and economic level.
The party called to hold elections in all local councils and guarantee the right of all Palestinian citizens to participate in the electoral process, adding that discussions were scheduled to be held between left-wing parties, Fatah, and Hamas to reach an agreement to this end.
Later Monday evening, the CEC said it held an urgent meeting over the ruling, which was attended by all committee members via video conference.
In a statement released following the meeting, the CEC expressed its “respect” for the Supreme Court's order, but asserted that excluding the Gaza Strip from elections would only worsen the Palestinian political situation.
A poll released by the Palestinian Center for Policy and Survey Research (PSR) on Tuesday found that 61 percent of respondents were displeased by the Supreme Court's decision to postpone the municipal elections, with 60 percent believing that the decision was politically motivated. Prior to their cancellation, the municipal elections were set to be the first in the Gaza Strip in a decade, after Hamas' victory in the 2006 vote erupted into a violent conflict between Hamas and Fatah, as both groups attempted to take control of the besieged coastal enclave.
In a message directed at Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, the CEC recommended postponing local elections in the West Bank for six months to allow time to manage the electoral process in a way that served the national interests of Palestine.
Quote EricMusco Quote: Originally Posted by Hey folks!
I wanted to let you know that we are still working on a fix for the AMD issue. Our current plan is that by tomorrow we will have a very small patch for folks to download which looks promising to address some of the issues you are experiencing. There will not be a maintenance required, you will just need to restart your game.
There is a slight chance it could happen by end of day today but expect that it will be tomorrow. I will post more information on it when it gets close.
-eric
Awesome, thanks! This has been a drain on my already limited playing time. Typically taking several tries to get the game running. Hope the very small patch does the trick! You like free stuff, right? Click on this referral link to get yours. I'll get a little something, too. Welcome home. #freethelekku
Code at 30,000 feet
by Alan Shreve
A week ago, the post “I wrote FAT on an airplane, for heaven's sake”, on Raymond Chen's popular blog The Old New Thing was making the rounds on the interwebs. In the dramatized story, a frustrated Bill Gates wants his engineers to stop wasting time on some trivial performance tuning, don't ya know he wrote a file system on an airplane, for heaven's sake.
And while Gates' claim is obviously hyperbolic, it's certainly not the first time I've heard “on a plane” used to exemplify programming virtuosity. A former colleague liked to say of another, “He doesn't code much anymore, but he wrote the whole counters system on the plane flight back from a pitch meeting.” The boastful or reverent nature with which we say these things betrays the interesting assumption that airplanes are not conducive to effective work.
So that got me thinking about when I've worked on airplanes (or buses, most recently). And for me, I think the exact opposite is true. Planes (and trains and automobiles) are a perfect incubator for productivity because they compose four major factors of a productive environment which rarely align in an office setting or at home:
No interruptions
On an airplane, your interruptions are limited. You won't get any text messages or phone calls. No one will come over to your desk for a quick question. Most of your fellow travelers are uninterested in conversation. They want to sleep, read or watch their in-flight entertainment. If you're lucky enough to be on a flight without wifi, you won't even get those pesky emails or chat messages.
Few distractions
There's just not that much to do on an airplane. You can't get another cup of coffee down the street or step away to bang out a round of Foosball. Until recently, the lack of pervasive wifi on flights made it even better by curbing that impulsive news-feed, Twitter update scrolling habit you can't seem to shake. Unless you brought along a book or really enjoy watching last year's romantic comedy, there are just very few ways you can get yourself off-task. For breaks, I just close my computer and my eyes for five to ten minutes. I find it lends itself well to sub-conscious problem-solving.
Guaranteed time
I might have put this first because it's perhaps the most important. On the ground, even if you manage to isolate yourself from interruptions and distractions, how long will it last? I have a serious mental aversion to entering a highly focused state when I know I won't be able to maintain it. “I have that meeting at 11:30, so I don't want to get started on anything big” is a variation on a thought that is all too common for me. On a plane flight though, you've got a printed receipt for a very real guarantee of uninterrupted time.
A brief period for inspiration
Excepting those with aviophobia, that meditative, relaxed, sub-conscious problem-solving mental state that's credited with making the shower a place of great inspiration reminds me a lot of takeoff. It's a 10-15 minute lull where no electronic devices are permitted and your mind can drift around solutions to problems you're intending on solving when you hit cruising altitude.
-
Of course, there are undesirable side-effects. An isolating flight might prevent me from accessing useful documentation and Stack Overflow. I find I end up reading the source code for third-party libs more frequently up in the air. And sometimes I really do want to take a break outside and unwind in the sun. But on balance, my creativity and productivity spikes frequently during my reclusive retreats in the sky. And judging by the follow-up post and comments on The Old New Thing, I'm not the only one.
The next time you want to impress someone with your coding chops, tell them about that time your hacked up an OS scheduler while on a conference call with a tab open to Reddit.
CLOSE Amtrak Primary voting in Rhode Island, Delaware, Maryland, Connecticut and Pennsylvania with important 118 Republican and 380 Democratic delegates at stake.
In this March 3, 2016, file photo, Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and John Kasich take part in a debate at the Fox Theatre in Detroit. (Photo11: Paul Sancya, AP)
WEST CHESTER, Pa. — Donald Trump looks to sweep five northeastern states Tuesday while preparing for a revamped Republican race against an extraordinary alliance between rivals Ted Cruz and John Kasich designed to stop him at the July convention.
Denouncing plans by Cruz and Kasich to avoid each other in three upcoming states, Trump told supporters packed into an old gym at West Chester University in Pennsylvania that the deal amounts to "collusion" that illustrates what a "dirty business" politics is.
Echoing comments he made at an earlier rally in Warwick, R.I., Trump said the Cruz-Kasich alliance is "going to make them look weak and pathetic — which they are."
With Trump favored to win Tuesday in Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maryland, Delaware and Rhode Island, Cruz and Kasich sought to reset the overall race with a unique deal.
The Cruz campaign will focus on the May 3 primary in Indiana without opposition from Kasich, while Kasich will take on Trump in future primaries in Oregon (May 17) and New Mexico (June 7), aides said -- though the candidates themselves offered somewhat different assessments of the impact of their agreement.
Kasich, speaking with reporters in Pennsylvania, said "we haven't spent a lot of resources" in a lot of states anyway.
Asking "what's the big deal?" the Ohio governor added that his supporters in Indiana "ought to vote" for him if they want to — a position that Trump mocked on Twitter as evidence that Kasich is a "typical politician" who "can't make a deal work."
Cruz, campaigning in Indiana, told reporters that Trump would lead Republicans to a "landslide" loss in November, and said his agreement with Kasich makes the Hoosier State "a crossroads" in the election overall. "We're at a fundamental fork in the road," the Texas senator said.
The Cruz campaign also announced it has developed a short list of potential vice presidential nominees.
Trump currently leads the delegate race by nearly 300 votes. He has 845 delegates to Cruz's 559, according to the Associated Press, with Kasich back at 148.
Another 172 delegates are at stake in Tuesday's five primaries. One wrinkle is in Pennsylvania, where 54 of the 71 will be unbound regardless of the vote, and therefore subject to lobbying by all three candidates.
Cruz and Kasich are underdogs Tuesday, in part because they appeared to be splitting anti-Trump votes in several states. Each candidate has accused the other of taking their votes, and argued that a vote for either is essentially a vote for the front-running Trump.
Cruz left Pennsylvania on Saturday and has been campaigning in Indiana in the days since. Kasich, who was born in Pennsylvania, campaigned there Monday, and canceled events he had planned for Indiana on Tuesday.
Trump, meanwhile, is predicting success in Indiana. His campaign announced a Wednesday evening rally in Indianapolis featuring former Indiana University basketball coach Bob Knight, an event that comes just hours after Trump delivers what aides call a major foreign policy address.
During his appearance in West Chester, Pa., Trump predicted that the new Cruz-Kasich agreement "is going to have a huge reverse effect."
The Cruz and Kasich campaigns also made clear they would compete against each other, and Trump, in other upcoming contests, including California, New Jersey, and Washington.
Both candidates are looking to prevent Trump from securing a majority of delegates — 1,237 — on the first ballot at the GOP convention that starts July 18 in Cleveland.
Delegates who are required to back certain candidates on the first ballot would be unbound on subsequent ballots, and Cruz and Kasich both believe that many who are now obligated to Trump will defect to them in an open convention.
Trump plans to woo potential delegates on his own by visiting state Republican conventions in California and Virginia at the end of the week. He told backers at his rallies on Monday that he will prevail on the first ballot at the convention.
G. Terry Madonna, a political scientist at Franklin & Marshall College in Lancaster, Pa., questioned whether the new Cruz-Kasich alliance would work, saying it "feeds the narrative that the establishment is intriguing to stop Trump. It plays right into his message."
Given Trump's likely wins on Tuesday, Madonna said, "it borders on a last-ditch tactic, and Trump will use it for all its worth."
Republican pollster Frank Luntz called it a "brilliant strategy," but with "disastrous execution" that allows Trump to cast the plan as rigged politics.
"The fact that they are talking about it completely undermines It's otherwise effectiveness," Luntz said. He added: "It looks to outsiders like the insiders are trying to control the convention when it should be up to the people to decide."
In criticizing the deal, Trump said, "because of me, everyone now sees that the Republican primary system is totally rigged."
Members of the "Stop Trump" movement said they hope the Cruz-Kasich alliance will help, but no one can be sure because it is such a unique strategy.
“Whether you support Ted Cruz or John Kasich, a second ballot at the convention is imperative to stopping Donald Trump," said Rory Cooper, an adviser for the group #NeverTrump.
Liz Mair, a Republican consultant who founded the anti-Trump political committee action committee Make America Awesome, said the Cruz-Kasich alliance should help stop the New York businessman.
"I think there's a good chance," she said. "But that also means there's a chance it won't."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/26oJ08R
This is one of a series of articles to mark Shared Economy, Shared Power, the Co-operative Party annual conference which runs from Friday 9 September to Sunday 11 September in Cardiff.
Whether it be elections in our sister party, a change of government and prime minister or, of course, the European referendum; if the year since the Co-operative Party's last conference has shown us anything, is that constant change is here to stay. In these choppy waters, it is the Co-op Party's values that provide us with the means to stand strong.
The values of the Co-op Party, refracted through the whole co-operative movement, are like a lighthouse. Our party has always pointed the way to a more co-operative and mutual future; just as at times they have guided others away from twin rocks of over-centralisation and a culture of doing things to people, rather than partnering with them and their communities.
The energy that powers that lighthouse is evident at this weekend's Co-op Party annual conference, which brings together hundreds of delegates and members from across the country, along with representatives of organisations from across the co-operative movement. From co-operative schools to credit unions, we are surrounded by inspiring examples of the work our co-operative movement is achieving every day.
But ultimately, our movement rests on an understanding of power, and the belief that power must be shared. Very nearly 100 years ago, the realisation that a co-operative movement without a mechanism for power would never achieve its full potential, was the driving force behind the establishment of the Co-op Party – just as it was for our partners in the trade union movement in creating Labour Party, our sister party with whom we have worked for almost 90 years.
Notwithstanding the actions of so many of us, campaigning so vigorously, for Britain to remain a member of the European Union, if the Brexit vote taught us anything, it is surely that people continue to wish to be empowered to have greater control over their own lives.
The combination the light of co-operation and the tested and weathered structure of the Co-op Party is a powerful one, a partnership to be cherished, nourished – and shouted about in our centenary year.
We inject co-operative and mutual policy in to British politics without fear or favour to any one wing of our broad church family; represent our Co-op Party members; and open doors as a conduit for co-operative voices and organisations.
Parliamentarians working in tandem in co-operators in the field have secured dialogue and improved understanding in areas such as education and transport. We have initiated highly visible Parliamentary debates, giving time for co-operative issues to be put on the agenda. Forcing ministers and civil servant to think about their actions in relation to our movement is hugely valuable to the co-operatives and mutual organisations we represent.
We have played an active part in the party's campaigns this year, helping to drive the People's Bus campaign, working to give viewers and listeners a voice in the BBC and sought to develop co-operative campaigners of the future via the Co-operative Action Network.
We've been asking questions of government on issues like as the Fair Tax campaign, community energy and credit unions. Our group in the House of Lords brought forward debates on Government support for housing co-operatives as well as interventions on the topic of improving localism powers for the development of community assets.
And we scrutinise and improve Government legislation which has direct relevance to our movement. This year members of the parliamentary group bought amendments forward which sought to ensure that the Government's Housing and Planning Bill did not disadvantage housing co-operatives.
We worked closely with the Building Societies Association on amendments which placed greater legislative support for the development of a diverse financial sector; amendments ultimately supported and now in statute in the Bank of England and Financial Services Act.
This is why I claim that our values are just as relevant today as they were 99 years ago. I'm proud of our little old lighthouse. I understand why so many wish to be associated with us. But let me say this: those that confuse a US for a lifeboat will be disappointed.
The co-operative party has a great story to unfold ahead of it, with our principles lighting the way. As we enter our 100th year I am confident that they continue to represent not just our past, but our future as well.
MCALLEN, Texas — The chief of the U.S. Border Patrol Rio Grande Valley (RGV) Sector announced his retirement this week without any advance notice. The chief is stepping down from the top post in the same area that last year saw a humanitarian crisis as thousands of illegal immigrants and unaccompanied minors flooded across the border.
This week, Sector Chief Kevin Oaks publicly announced his resignation. He relinquished the command of the more than 3,000 agents that he oversaw in this border region.
“I would like to thank Chief Oaks for his dedication to mission and commitment to excellence,” said Michael J. Fischer Chief of the U.S. Border Patrol in a prepared statement provided to Breitbart Texas.
Oaks replaced former USBP Sector Chief Rosendo Hinojosa who led the agency from 2010 to January 2014 when he retired from the force.
During Hinojosa's term leading the agency, agents began to see a shift in human smuggling routes that shifted much of the human smuggling traffic from western places like Arizona to the Rio Grande Valley setting up the stage for what became the humanitarian crisis during the summer of 2014.
It was during Oaks time as chief that he tried to hold down the fort as the agency dealt with an ever increasing number of illegal immigrants primarily from Central America arriving at the border. This surge quickly overwhelmed the capacity of U.S. government housing facilities.
Despite the urgency of the situation, Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson continued to claim that the U.S. Border was the most secure that it had ever been even. It wasn't until Breitbart Texas released a series of photographs that showed dozens of unac children stuffed into small detention areas that politicians were forced to admit that there was a problem at the border.
While no information has been released as to a reason for the retirement, the announcement comes at a time when the agency is starting to see a return of a spike in apprehensions at the border in what could be the start of a similar humanitarian crisis like the one that took place last year.
While so far the number of apprehensions is below those from last year, various agents who spoke with Breitbart Texas believe that the recent spike is a sign that the border crisis could be starting up again.
As previously reported by Breitbart Texas during the arrest of more than 140 illegal immigrants in stash houses in 24 hours, agents have begun to see an increase in apprehensions and in people getting caught at human stash houses. Just last weekend, agents arrested 47 illegal immigrants from Central America in a span of one hour just south of Mission Texas.
In this case, like last years crisis, the immigrants crossed the river and turned themselves in to federal authorities expecting to be released shortly with a notice to appear in court.
Follow Ildefonso Ortiz on Twitter and on Facebook.
Tweet Photo Credit: Kevin and Michelle Fontana
A dispute developed during January's ARCA tests at Daytona International Speedway between a group of drivers and an owner, and now the group is seeking legal action. According to driver Kevin Fontana, driver Russell Henderson told multiple drivers that he would have a couple of cars ready for Daytona testing. However, upon arrival to the speedway, Fontana says that the drivers found that Henderson had, in fact, failed to bring any equipment for testing despite the drivers already paying him for the opportunity to drive.
Fontana alleges that he had found an ad that Henderson had posted for Daytona testing and contacted him in hopes of getting his ARCA license. In order to get approved for the superspeedways, Fontana had to test at Daytona. After exchanging information with Henderson via email, Fontana stated that he learned about the equipment that Henderson had, where he claimed to have two race-ready Chevrolets with SB2 engines. Henderson further claimed that one of the cars had won at Daytona two years ago and the other car had been purchased from GMS Racing, a championship organization in the ARCA racing series, having won the 2015 championship with Grant Enfinger as well as nine ARCA victories overall.
Fontana went on to say that Henderson further backed up his claim by sending him photos of the equipment. Following this exchange, he did some research into Henderson, and everything came back positive. Fontana said that he then sent Henderson $2,500 to secure his seat for testing at Daytona.
“Next,” Fontana told me, “I began to ask questions about the seat and car set up, and so on. “At this point, I started to get varied responses. Instead of the cars being [Henderson's], it now changed and he said he was partnering with Mike Affarano whose shop is in Spencer, North Carolina, and that I needed to contact him about seeing the cars.”
“I contacted Affarano about the cars, and [Affarano] told me to contact his crew chief, Dave McClure,” he added. “[McClure] then told me that the cars were being worked on in Concord, North Carolina, which is where my residence is. I visited the shop where the cars were being worked on, where I saw that instead of two well-built Chevrolets there was only one Dodge Charger without a seat or a drive train. I asked Chris [Lafferty], who was at the shop, about the two Chevys Henderson was talking about, and he had no idea what I was talking about. He said that this was the car that he was told to get ready but he was still waiting on payment.”
“I was never told that Russell had contracted a third person to get the cars ready.”
According to a press release by Affarano, Henderson had contacted Affarano via Facebook back in November in order to determine the cost to rent a vehicle as he was interested in gathering a team of drivers to test at Daytona in January. Henderson was told by Affarano's shop that they would have to update their vehicle by ARCA's standards, and that they would require a total of $10,000 from him, with the majority of the money going into making sure that the vehicle was able to meet safety measures and requirements as enforced by ARCA and that they wouldn't begin work until the payment was received. Furthermore, since the majority of the money was going into parts and labor in preparing the vehicle, it was to be non-refundable. According to Affarano, Henderson agreed to these terms.
Affarano confirmed that the first payment from Henderson totaled $2,200 and wasn't received until December 28, 2016. After repeated attempts to contact Henderson for the remaining balance due of $7,800, Henderson sent another $2,200 on January 5, a week before Daytona testing. Affarano's team continued to try and obtain the outstanding balance from Henderson, however, according to Affarano's statement, they determined that either he had already spent the money he had received from the drivers or failed to obtain the remaining $5,600 needed to finish the car.
Fontana later contacted Henderson about the cars and attests that Henderson began changing his answers again and started blaming Affarano and Lafferty, saying that he had paid them to have the cars ready and that they should have been ready.
Fontana was able to contact another driver who was supposed to test for Henderson at Daytona, DL Wilson, and asserts that the two exchanged information about what they had been told. They established that they had been told the same story regarding equipment and both had done research on Henderson that had yielded positive feedback, including a call to ARCA headquarters. According to Wilson, he too had received photos of the same Chevy race cars and was unaware of any other parties in the deal with Henderson.
According to both Fontana and Wilson, at this point, they felt that it seemed unlikely that Henderson would be providing any cars to test at Daytona. Considering they had already paid and made arrangements for their Daytona trip, they could only hope Henderson would somehow make things right.
Both Fontana and Wilson stress that they continued to make calls to Henderson, who told them that of the five drivers scheduled to test for him, only they (Wilson and Fontana) had paid and that the money was given to Affarano to get the car ready. Affarano, on the other hand, told them that he couldn't finish the car until Henderson paid him the remaining balance.
Fontana and Wilson both state that considering that the original agreement reached was with Henderson, with no third parties specified and Henderson initially claiming that he owned the cars, they decided to deal directly with Henderson who began telling them that he would do what he could to get them in a car for Daytona. He then told them that they would be able to test with Hixson Motorsports and Andy Hillenburg, a claim that was later proven false after Fontana and Wilson made calls to both organizations.
Upon arriving in Daytona, Wilson and Fontana stated that they were able to find two other drivers at the driver's meeting that were scheduled to test for Henderson. The other two drivers claimed to have been given similar information to what Wilson and Fontana were given, including the same picture of the two Chevrolets. Fontana discovered that the other two drivers had no idea of how the situation with Henderson was panning out and that they were surprised there was no car waiting for them in the garage.
According to Wilson and Fontana, they also found out that although Henderson had said they were the only two to pay, the other drivers had paid months before. Fontana ascertained that all the drivers had paid a total of $10,500, yet they were without a team or a car. Fontana also stated that when Henderson showed up, however, he asked the drivers to pay the $300 test fee. Fontana further alleges that when an ARCA official asked the drivers what the car number was and who the owner was, it became clear that Henderson had not even registered the car or paid the fee. Meanwhile, a fifth driver had shown up, but upon learning there was no car, quickly left.
Wilson and Fontana, despite Henderson promising to get them in a car, confirmed that he soon left the drivers and tried to avoid them. Fontana and their group notified ARCA of what was happening since they (ARCA) had vouched for Henderson on at least two separate occasions.
“After the testing session was over, our group spoke with Joe Wells (Director of Race Operations and Administration for ARCA), who made a call to Henderson later that night to try and make things right,” said Fontana. “[Henderson] instead left the speedway, although he maintained an active presence on Facebook in the days to follow, posting several pictures of his family vacation in Daytona.”
Fontana said that he wasn't able to set foot in a racecar during testing, but Wilson stated that he was able to log enough laps with Andy Hillenburg's team to earn his license. A third driver originally scheduled to test for Henderson, Jeffery MacZink, was able to test for Mullins Racing to get his speedway license, according to Wilson. Meanwhile, Henderson couldn't be reached for comment.
“Considering Henderson is already a convicted felon, I wish we would have found out about that sooner, or that ARCA would have been vetting these people,” said Fontana's wife, Michelle. Henderson has previously faced charges ranging from burglary and forgery to criminal trespass and assault, according to court records. “That way, convicted felons wouldn't be allowed to compete in the sport.”
Although ARCA isn't able to do much, as owners are listed as independent contractors, ARCA president Ron Drager said that recent incidents such as this most recent one at Daytona as well as with Roger Carter in 2015 and Bobby Hamilton Jr. in 2016 could lead to the sanctioning body getting involved.
“We certainly don't condone anything that ends up having a result that's less than positive,” said Drager. “So we're certainly aware of this and it's something we're going to look into and see if there's anything we can do and help with and go forward.”
“We always encourage people who are considering entering into [ARCA] to communicate with us and to give us an opportunity to give them a sense of if they want to vet something or check into the history of an existing team or sponsor or anything like that; we'll do our best,” he added. “Our goal is to have people come in here and have a positive experience, and it does no one any good to come in here and have a less-than-positive experience.”
Meanwhile, Wilson, who is a Law Enforcement Officer in Texas, confirmed that Henderson now has a Felony Theft warrant for his arrest in Texas, with North Carolina and Michigan soon to follow-on behalf of the affected drivers.
** The opinions expressed on this site are not necessarily those of the publisher. All comments other than website related problems need to be directed to the author. (c)SpeedwayMedia.com. **
A statement (see below) indicates that same-sex marriage was the reason. To wit: “Recent developments in The Episcopal Church with respect to a change in their Canon on marriage represent a fundamental departure from the faith and teaching held by the majority of our Provinces on the doctrine of marriage. Possible developments in other Provinces could further exacerbate this situation.”
Details:
The motion further asked the Archbishop of Canterbury to “appoint a task group to maintain conversations among ourselves with the intention of restoration of relationship, rebuilding of mutual trust, healing the legacy of hurt, recognising the extent of commonality, and exploring our deep differences, ensuring they are held in the love and grace of Christ.”
The Episcopal Church may not take part in the decision making process “on issues of doctrine or polity”, either, agreed the primates.
The motion asks that representatives of the Episcopal Church not be permitted to represent the Communion in interfaith and ecumenical bodies or dialogue commissions, nor serve on the Standing Committee of the Anglican Consultative Council, nor vote at meetings of the Anglican Consultative Council — whose next meeting is this summer in Lusaka. Unlike the recommendations of the Windsor Report, which called for the “voluntary withdrawal” of the Episcopal Church from the life of the Communion, today's vote directs the archbishop to discipline the American church.
The resolution as shared with Anglican Ink calls for the Episcopal Church to lose its “vote” in meetings of pan-Anglican institutions and assemblies, but preserves its “voice”, demoting the church to observer status..
The primates of the Anglican Communion have suspended the Episcopal Church from full participation in the life and work of the Anglican Communion. On 14 January 2016 a motion was presented to the gathering of archbishops and moderators gathered in the crypt of Canterbury Cathedral that called for the Episcopal Church to be suspended for a period of three years.
The Anglican statement:
Today the Primates agreed how they would walk together in the grace and love of Christ. This agreement acknowledges the significant distance that remains but confirms their unanimous commitment to walk together.
The Primates regret that it appears that this document has been leaked in advance of their communiqué tomorrow. In order to avoid speculation the document is being released in full. This agreement demonstrates the commitment of all the Primates to continue the life of the Communion with neither victor nor vanquished.
Questions and further comments will be responded to at a press conference tomorrow at 1500. Full details are available here.
The full text is as follows:
1. We gathered as Anglican Primates to pray and consider how we may preserve our unity in Christ given the ongoing deep differences that exist among us concerning our understanding of marriage.
2. Recent developments in The Episcopal Church with respect to a change in their Canon on marriage represent a fundamental departure from the faith and teaching held by the majority of our Provinces on the doctrine of marriage. Possible developments in other Provinces could further exacerbate this situation.
3. All of us acknowledge that these developments have caused further deep pain throughout our Communion.
4. The traditional doctrine of the church in view of the teaching of Scripture, upholds marriage as between a man and a woman in faithful, lifelong union. The majority of those gathered reaffirm this teaching.
5. In keeping with the consistent position of previous Primates' meetings such unilateral actions on a matter of doctrine without Catholic unity is considered by many of us as a departure from the mutual accountability and interdependence implied through being in relationship with each other in the Anglican Communion.
6. Such actions further impair our communion and create a deeper mistrust between us. This results in significant distance between us and places huge strains on the functioning of the Instruments of Communion and the ways in which we express our historic and ongoing relationships.
7. It is our unanimous desire to walk together. However given the seriousness of these matters we formally acknowledge this distance by requiring that for a period of three years The Episcopal Church no longer represent us on ecumenical and interfaith bodies, should not be appointed or elected to an internal standing committee and that while participating in the internal bodies of the Anglican Communion, they will not take part in decision making on any issues pertaining to doctrine or polity.
8. We have asked the Archbishop of Canterbury to appoint a Task Group to maintain conversation among ourselves with the intention of restoration of relationship, the rebuilding of mutual trust, healing the legacy of hurt, recognising the extent of our commonality and exploring our deep differences, ensuring they are held between us in the love and grace of Christ.
Uruguay just became the first country to fully legalize marijuana — but a local bureaucracy will decide everything from how it's produced to how its sold and consumed, WashPost reports.
How it's different: The government will control the amount of psychoactive compounds and the overall genetic makeup of the marijuana plants it uses. Also, WSJ notes the country won't be opening any weed cafes or novelty shops like you'd see in Amsterdam or Colorado. And consumers won't need a doctor's note or medical marijuana license to purchase the country's government-curated drugs at $1.30 per gram.
Bottom line, an Uruguayan public health office who designed the country's regulatory system: "To us, marijuana is a vegetable substance with a capacity to generate addiction, so what we're trying to do is control the production, distribution and consumption of that substance as effectively as possible."
Credit: Barry King/WireImage/Getty Images
In an affair usually noted for its glitz and glamour, President Obama made news at the 2013 Kennedy Center Honors as the first president to utter the words "Area 51."
A beloved subject of conspiracy theorists and UFO enthusiasts, the government testing site, officially known as the Nevada Test and Training Range, and Groom Lake, came up during Sunday night's gala when the president was honoring actress Shirley MacLaine.
"Now, when you first become president, one of the questions that people ask you is, what's really going on in Area 51?" Obama said to the audience.
"When I wanted to know, I'd call Shirley MacLaine. … I think I just became the first president to ever publicly mention Area 51. How's that, Shirley?"
Area 51 was only officially acknowledged this past August in declassified CIA documents that were released following Freedom of Information Act request submitted by Jeffery T. Richelson of the National Security Archives.
Richelson confirmed to ABC News that though past presidents had signed waivers referring to Air Force activity in Groom Lake, Obama was the first president to use the phrase "Area 51? - at least in public.
Much less entertaining than the rumors that the area was used to test aliens and hide UFOs, documents revealed that Area 51 was merely a testing site for government aerial surveillance programs such as U-2 and Oxcart.
The only mention of UFOs the report made was in saying the U2 plane's ability to fly higher than 60,000 feet (when most planes at the time were flying below 40,000) was the reason for a major spike in reported UFO sightings in the 1950s and '60s.
The Academy award-winning actress has been plenty vocal in the past about her beliefs in alien encounters. MacLaine has talked about her personal alien encounters in her 2007 book "Sage-ing While Age-ing" and during a 2011 interview on Oprah in which she shared stories of witnessing UFOs from her New Mexico home.
"I've seen a mother ship here, and I've seen them at my ranch," MacLaine said. "One famous day, a friend of mine was sitting in my hot tub out there, and three UFOs came over and hovered over the hot tub for about 10 minutes."
Though never quite reaching Roswell status, Area 51 has prevailed in pop culture, mentioned in the "Indian Jones" films (such as "Hangar 51?) and 1996's "Independence Day," as well as in the former UPN TV show "Seven Days."
Another weird thing I felt like drawing during the wee hours of Friday night. Inspired by the way oil reflects light when it's mixed with water.
Alright, since some people were wondering, I sketched up a some sort of background story to this:
Late during the night somewhere in the northern wilderness of Alaska an oil pipeline cuts the landscape in half. An engineer working for the oil company arrives on a jeep to the point where he had earlier today been noted that there was something wrong with a part of the pipe. The moon lights up the clearing around the pipeline as the engineer jumps out of his jeep, disgruntled that his nights sleep had been cut short. Sure enough after he inspects the part of the pipeline closer he notices a brown rusty spot on the side of it. He phones in on his co-worker at the control room thousands of miles away to cut off the oil flow in the pipe and to call a few repairmen to come and fix the rusted part of the pipe. Shutting his phone off after the conversation he opens up one of the panels with a screwdriver on the side of the pipeline to reveal a computer screen. He connects his PDA to the computer and enters his credentials after which he turns on the safety doors inside the pipe to prevent the remaining oil from splashing all over the place when the repairmen get on the scene.
Shortly after doing this he hears a silent but audible acid hissing sound coming from the pipe segment with the rusty spot. Shortly after which he sees some of the oil inside the pipe seeping out a small hole at the bottom which had just formed there. He takes out his phone as he walks towards the leakage to inspect it further while typing in the number of his coworker. As he comes near he notices that the rusty stain on the side had now become already much bigger, with a small crack at the bottom. Just as he is about to bring the phone to his ear the pipe segment bursts open, spraying him and the surrounding area with oil, knocking him on his back in the process. Very quickly he notices though that the oil is far more viscous from the norm as he tries to get up and away from the spraying hole in the pipe, but cannot as the oil is much more tar like with its viscous and sticky properties. As the pressure in the pipe begins to die down so does the spraying of the oily substance. He finds himself now lying on the ground covered in oil hardly being able to breathe. For a moment it felt like the substance was moving by its own accord but surely it was only due to his own movements. Not after long he feels a very strong burning sensation come over his entire body as he quickly loses consciousness from the shock.
As he lay there motionless and unconscious his body begins to dissipate into the oil, after awhile making it impossible to even know anyone was ever there. Everything was still for awhile until something stirred in the puddle of oil. What rose from there was far from human though. First you could see a large bubble rise from the oil, which would later become the torso of the newborn creature. smaller spheres began to form along its back which later would turn into spikes. Then the tar like oil would stop rising from the center and you could see the torso rise up as it was still gaining it's features. Then you could see the head of it whip out of the puddle of oil whilst letting out a deep gargled growl. Moving its head back and forth as if to look at itself as its features were still unclear. Then you could see the arms and legs, still stuck in the oil and slowly being formed as it steadfast continued to rise from the oil. Last came the tail of it, long and sleek. Finally it snapped its other arm out of the oil and shortly after followed with its other arm as well, throwing the oily substance all over the place in the process. After it's upper body was free its details had already begun to shape up. Long and eyeless face with an oversized mouth, interior of which was filled with rows of sharp teeth. Short horns sprouting from the back of its head and followed with large spikes along its back. Hands which seemed to almost be missing fingers as the oily substance continued to flow downwards and off of its hands. The oily sheen still remained as its whole body seemed to be in an endless state of motion as the oily substance kept flowing on its body. Finally it managed to rip its legs out of the oil and shortly after the tail followed as well, trailing behind it.
The substance had also changed the nearby scenery to look more alien like, the trees and plants near the pipe had started sprouting foreign flowers and taking different forms. Dripping out of the flowers seemed to be the same oily substance that was inside the pipe. On the other side of the pipe a deer apparently had also been caught in the blast of the oil and was currently struggling in it. However after awhile a similar creature that had just risen from the oil had begun to take shape at the spot where the deer was just a moment ago. You could see bubbles rising from the oil as the back of the creature came into view. However this time the creature had different features, making use of the bone structure of the consumed deer. The bipedal creature took a few steps after it had finally formed, its feet barely there as they would disappear each time it would take a step and leaving behind a small puddle of the oil.
Suddenly a beam of light came into view from around the corner on the road. The creatures then in a few short moments seemed to melt back into the large puddle of oil before the just arrived repairmen got to the scene. Amazed by the damage at the scene they got close to investigate the pipe, while completely not noticing the alien flora around the puddle of oil. However as both of the repairmen stepped into the oil they found their feet stuck to it, shortly after the confusion turned to terror as they both became to sink into the seemingly shallow puddle of oil. Shortly after nothing remained of them either. As one would expect, the oil began to bubble again, however this time four different creatures began to rise from the viscous oily substance. 3 of them had a more humanoid appearance, with 2 pseudo legs and arms and the remaining one seemed to have 4 legs. Three of them would travel out into the woods as a pack, leaving behind trails of the same oily substance that they are formed of, as one of them seemed to stay around the ruptured pipe. The one staid back went over to the PDA and smashed its hand into the control panel, causing it to short circuit and open the safety doors inside the pipe. This caused an excess of oil to come out of the hole in the pipe and cover the entirety of the field in oil. However it wasn't long until its intentions became more clear as all of the plantation that the oil touched became to transform into foreign flora. Oil kept on seeping out of the newly formed plants causing the oil to continuously spread further and further, catching more animals into it and transmuting them. It wasn't until days later when more people would show up to the scene and find out what had happened, but by then the area was already crowded with alien creatures and plants.
Lisk Community Update — November 2017
Lisk Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 5, 2017
The abundance of news each week at Lisk led us to not only launch a bi-weekly newsletter, The Lisk Insider, but also bring back community updates starting with a monthly recurring blog post. It is our intention to ultimately bring you weekly updates here.
New Team Members (Andries, Michał, Mat and Julian)
November was a busy month at Lisk! Across development and marketing, here's a brief recap of our latest releases and business updates.
In mid-November, we released Lisk Explorer 1.4.0 with enhanced UX/UI, improved performance, bug fixes and website analytics.
with enhanced UX/UI, improved performance, bug fixes and website analytics. The latest version of our wallet, Lisk Nano 1.3.0 , was released near the end of the month with several improvements including saved accounts, message encryption and new version notification.
, was released near the end of the month with several improvements including saved accounts, message encryption and new version notification. Lisk was a trending GitHub repository in November, which brought a lot more visibility to our projects.
in November, which brought a lot more visibility to our projects. Our highly anticipated Development Roadmap was unveiled at the Lisk Berlin Meetup on November 22. We will be publishing a comprehensive blog post to explain the releases and their implications in further detail.
was unveiled at the Lisk Berlin Meetup on November 22. We will be publishing a comprehensive blog post to explain the releases and their implications in further detail. At the beginning of the month, we announced updates to the Ambassador Program and Local Meetup Initiative
Our Marketing Lead Thomas traveled to Rotterdam last month to speak at a Lisk community hosted meetup.
Max returned to Tokyo to speak at the Blockchain and Cryptocurrency Conference hosted by Blockchain Labo.
hosted by Blockchain Labo. Only a couple of weeks later, Max delivered a keynote presentation at the hub.berlin conference.
On November 21, Lisk was officially listed on Binance , a Chinese cryptocurrency exchange.
, a Chinese cryptocurrency exchange. Lisk became a unicorn after surpassing a market capitalization of over $1 billion.
At the end of the month, we hosted our largest meetup yet (as well as our last of the year) with more than 200 people in attendance.
yet (as well as our last of the year) with more than 200 people in attendance. At the Berlin meetup we announced the news that we will be Relaunching Lisk in conjunction with a major event in Berlin on February 20, 2018.
in conjunction with a major event in Berlin on February 20, 2018. And last, but not least, we've added six new and incredibly talented members to the Lisk family in the last month alone.
Latest Hires at Lisk
Michael joined the team on November 1 as a Marketing Manager with a specialization in PR. He brings with him many years of marketing and communications experience, as well as political journalism and NGO-related knowledge. The most fun part of his job is getting even more people excited about and included within the Lisk movement. He defines Lisk with three Fs: fun, fascinating and futuristic. Michael is also excited to see how many industries and charitable causes will benefit from the blockchain technology created by Lisk. Decentralization grants the freedom to explore and create; blockchain provides the tools to do so. Michael is a self-proclaimed history buff and enjoys snowboarding and cooking.
The first QA Engineer to join the team, Yair is among the latest additions to the Lisk dev team with a start date of November 1. He is originally from Israel but is not a newcomer to Berlin, and describes Lisk as new, innovative and smart. Blockchain technology and decentralization will give humans more power and choices in life. Yair added that he sees Lisk as spearheading this movement. In his opinion, developers are tech leaders and should take the bull by its horns, particularly in blockchain. In his free time, Yair likes to make electronic music, cycle, and read science fiction.
The second Argentinian on the team, Julian started working at Lisk on November 22 as a Motion Designer. He began his career in videography in 2009 before shifting focus onto motion designing. For him, the best part of the profession is that there is never a shortage of new things to learn. In his view, Lisk will be a game changer in blockchain, an unexplored land full of opportunities that could change the world. The three words he uses to describe Lisk are clever, friendly but defiant. His hobbies include watching soccer and television shows.
Most people who want to start an online business are hesitant to sell physical products online because they have a false impression that you have to store and ship all of your own products.
But did you know that you can run a successful ecommerce business without carrying any inventory at all? In fact, it's pretty straightforward to run a full blown online store without worrying about storing or shipping anything physical at all.
Here are 3 ways to do exactly that.
Editor's Note: If you are interested in learning how to start your own online store, click here to take my FREE 6 day mini course on ecommerce.
You Can Drop-ship
A dropshipped online store is a type of ecommerce business where you you take orders on your own website, but your vendor or distributor is responsible for shipping the product to the end customer.
As a result, you don't have to carry any inventory at all. You simply act as a middle man between the distributor and the buyer.
Here's how it works.
A customer finds your website online and places an order
online and places an order You receive the money from the customer and immediately place an order with your distributor at an agreed upon wholesale price.
from the customer and immediately place an order with your distributor at an agreed upon wholesale price. The distributor sends the product to the end customer with YOUR company branding and logo. As a result, it appears as if the product is coming from YOU and not the vendor
Sounds simple right? But as with everything in life, there are pros and cons to this business model.
The Pros
You don't have to carry inventory or ship out any orders yourself
or ship out any orders yourself The startup costs are really low. There are no upfront costs for inventory. You simply need a website and can start taking orders right away
There are no upfront costs for inventory. You simply need a website and can start taking orders right away The overall risk is negligible.
The Cons
The margins are usually super low (on the order of 10-30%)
(on the order of 10-30%) Managing customer service can be a pain since you have no control over fulfillment
since you have no control over fulfillment Your advertising options are limited because the margins are low.
because the margins are low. There will be many other stores selling the exact same products which will cause pricing pressure.
selling the exact same products which will cause pricing pressure. The ramp up to significant money will be much longer than a traditional store because margins are low.
will be much longer than a traditional store because margins are low. You will likely have to rely on SEO and other free methods of promotion.
and other free methods of promotion. Customers may need to be shipped separate packages if different drop-ship vendors are used on your store
if different drop-ship vendors are used on your store You need to connect to your vendor's database to determine inventory levels
to determine inventory levels You are responsible for driving traffic to your own website
Overall, drop-shipping can be very attractive if you don't have a lot of money and if you plan on having a long time horizon for your business. In other words, it could take several years for your store to ramp up to significant profitability.
To find vendors who are willing to drop-ship in the United States, you can use a service like Worldwide Brands but be prepared to put out a lot of content to rank your store in the search engines.
You Can Use A 3PL
For those of you who are unfamiliar with the terminology, a 3PL is a 3rd party logistics company. Most 3PLs can handle the storage of your products in addition to order fulfillment. And in some cases, they can even help with customer support and product returns.
Here's what a typical order flow looks like if you use a 3PL
You ship all of your products to the 3PL provider
all of your products to the 3PL provider A customer places an order on your website
on your website sends the order to the 3PL
the order to the 3PL The 3PL ships the order to the end customer.
to the end customer. You pay the 3PL a monthly fee in addition to a per order cost for fulfillment.
The online store/3PL combo looks and behaves very much like a traditional online store with inventory except that you don't have to store or fulfill the orders yourself.
The Pros
You don't have to store any inventory or ship out orders yourself.
or ship out orders yourself. You have full control over your customer flow.
over your customer flow. Your margins are usually 50% or higher which gives you more flexibility on advertising
The Cons
You have to purchase your goods up front
your goods up front You are responsible for driving traffic to your own website
Overall, if you want to start a more traditional online store but don't want to worry about inventory or fulfillment, then using a 3PL might be a good option for you.
Here's a list of 3PLs to consider if you decide to go this route along with what to look for in a good logistics partner.
ShipWire.com – Probably the easiest way to get started. However, they will not take any special packaging requirements. Basically a no frills fulfillment service.
EFulfillmentService.com – A no frills fulfillment house that caters to small businesses. They don't need for you to have a corp or LLC in the United States. Generally easy to work with.
ShipMyOrders.com – A fulfillment service very similar to EFulfillmentService.com. They cater to small businesses. There is no minimum on monthly transactions
WarehousingAndFulfillment.com – A fulfillment service very similar to EFulfillmentService.com catering to small-med businesses.
InFifthGear.com > 300 packages/month – These guys can take on high touch products. For example, they can do personalization, engraving etc… But they generally are only interested in shops that can generate at least 300 orders/month.
3plsolutions.co.uk – An option for those shipping in the UK
Direct-Outbound.com – A fulfillment service catering to small-large businesses.
At Last – These guys tend to cater to larger shops but you might still want to talk with them.
AliveFulfillment.com – Integrates nicely with Shopify
Quick Tip: Amazon is also a 3PL. If you are already selling on Amazon using FBA, you can also have Amazon fulfill the orders from your own website. The only downside is that your goods will be shipped in an Amazon branded box unless you pay an extra fee.
You Can Use Amazon FBA
Right now, Amazon FBA is the most popular choice among online sellers. Amazon FBA stands for “Fulfillment By Amazon” and here's how it works.
You ship your goods to Amazon's warehouse
to Amazon's warehouse You list your products on the Amazon marketplace
on the Amazon marketplace A customer places an order on Amazon
an order on Amazon Amazon handles storage, fulfillment and all of your customer support
Going the Amazon FBA route is extremely attractive because not only does Amazon take care of EVERYTHING, but you also have access to Amazon's vast audience of buyers.
However the main downside is that you have to obey Amazon's rules and they also take a pretty sizable chunk of your profits. In addition, it's much harder to establish your brand on Amazon because people think that they are buying from Amazon and not you.
Overall, here are the pros and cons
The Pros
Once you ship your products to Amazon, you don't have to do anything else. Amazon takes care of sales, shipping, returns and customer service
to Amazon, you don't have to do anything else. Amazon takes care of sales, shipping, returns and customer service Amazon's marketplace is so large that you will likely generate sales right away
The Cons
Amazon takes a sizeable chunk of your sales. (15% of your revenues + 10-15% for fulfillment depending on your product)
(15% of your revenues + 10-15% for fulfillment depending on your product) You have to purchase your products upfront
your products upfront Your margins must be high to make money because Amazon takes such a large chunk of your sales. (Margins should be > 66% which means you will likely need to import from overseas).
to make money because Amazon takes such a large chunk of your sales. (Margins should be > 66% which means you will likely need to import from overseas). You have to obey Amazon's rules
Amazon's rules You only get paid every month. Amazon can hold your money for any reason.
Amazon can hold your money for any reason. You have to constantly monitor your listings from the competition
your listings from the competition Amazon can ban you at any time
at any time It's hard to establish your brand because you are building your house on someone else's property
The Amazon marketplace is so large that you definitely should be selling on Amazon at some point. In fact, I've had students make over 100K per month selling on Amazon alone.
But selling on Amazon can also be extremely stressful as well. Because the Amazon platform is super competitive, you have to constantly monitor your products in case they get piggybacked or hijacked
In addition, there's also the danger of getting inexplicably banned or shut down in case you get too many customer complaints.
My Recommendations
Most people's first instinct is to gravitate towards drop-shipping since it's cheap and risk free. But in this day and age, drop-shipping is getting harder and harder to execute successfully. Because you are selling someone else's products at a lower margin, you usually can't win based on price.
Instead, you have to do an incredible job of educating your customer and presenting them with an amazing shopping experience to get them to buy from you. For a great example of a successful dropshipped store, check out my buddy Andrew's shop at Right Channel Radios
In terms of deciding whether to sell on Amazon versus using a separate 3PL, I heavily lean towards selling on Amazon through FBA and also using them as your 3PL. If you are worried about Amazon's branding on the box, then pay the extra fee to have it removed.
Chances are, you are going to be selling on Amazon anyway, so there's no reason to use 2 separate fulfillment services that do the same thing.
In my mind, the only reason to use a separate 3PL is if you require special handling on your products. For example, smaller mom and pop 3PLs may be willing to bundle separate products together or prepare your products in a specific way that Amazon would not.
If you sell internationally, certain 3PLs may be better equipped to handle international fulfillment. And finally, certain 3PLs may also offer more attractive pricing than Amazon depending on your goods.
But no matter what option you go with, your end goal should be to create your own branded business. So even if you are seeing great results on Amazon, you should always start your own website.
In this day and age, you don't ever need to carry inventory or worry about fulfillment but you still need a brand.
Good luck!
photo credit: Bycatch delivery
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business?
If you are really considering starting your own online business, then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps. In this 6 day mini course, I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year. Best of all, it's free and you'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies!
Note: This post above may contain affiliate links, which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link. Please consult our privacy policy for more information.
Similar Posts
Have you read these?
